1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
173
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Shields vs. Van Horn—Mr. Churchill.
Ho. of Reps,
doubts, and aiding his meager proof by a
ready acquiescence in its sufficiency, taking
for granted the truth of his charges and ascer-
taining to whom such charges can apply, and
then, without shadow of proof as to how they
voted, charge all to his contestant, and' still
Shields is elected by nearly 800 votes* Andrto
show that this majority represents the- delib-
erate verdict of the people, and not the result
of a political conspiracy, I refer to the fact
that at the last congressional election in lhat
district, held in November last, in a total' vote
of over 20.000 which has never been challenged
for correctness, the majority for Comingo,
Democrat, over King, Republican, was over
4,000. In the case under investigation it is
charged that the total vote was excessive and
gives evidence of fraud. Yet, while that total
vote was less than 16,000, Shields's majority
was, as we have stated, about 800.
If this majority is to be reversed and the
sitting member retained, it must be for the only
reason lhat he received the certificate, and as
in law all suppositions and intendments are in
favor of the legality of an official document,
let us see how or why Secretary Rodman gave
the certificate to Van Horn instead of Shields.
After the election wasoverand Shields's success
announced, the sitting member and his political
friends looked around for grounds whereon to
take an appeal from the people to Secretary
Rodman, a proceeding eminently convenient
to defeated Radical candidates, and in too
many instances successful. Albert H. Hallo-
well had several interviews with Rodman in the
interest of the sitting member, and says, on
page 5 of the record :
"I only procured one affidavit, that of Bovis,
supervisor of registration at Westport. I wrote out
the form of the affidavit, save it to Mr. Moore,
of Westport, and asked hiin to have Bevis swear to
Hand bring it to me in Kansas City. In a couple of
days afterward he brought me what purported to be
the affidavit ot Bevis. X gave it to Colonel Tan:
Horn and he tookitto Jefferson.City to Mr. Rodman."
The paper which Hallowell says " purported
to be the affidavit of Bevis" also purported
to have been made before A. W. Wachmari,
notary public. Now, hear the testimony of
both Bevis and Wachman as to the genuine-
ness of the paper on which the secretary acted
in throwing out the vote of Jackson county.
Bevis being sworn, and the paper shown him,
says:
" It is a forgery, and without a word of truth. I
never knew anything of it until i saw it published.
Saw it first in the Kansas City Tunes, and then in
the roportof the Committee of Elections in the cases
of the counties of Dunklin. Jackson," &c.
Witness here refers to contests in the Mis-
souri Legislature, where this affidavit also fig-
ured. But let us hear the notary public before
whom this affidavit "purports" to have been
taken. Being shown the paperand questioned,
he says, page 8, "It is, I am confident, a for-
* gery.'' And when asked, "Did Bevis ever
make an affidavit before you of any kind?" he
answers, " No, he never did."
Mr. Speaker, 1 do not implicate Colonel Van
Horn in any of these proceeding. He seems
to havfe been in entire ignorance of thecharac-
ter of the paper, or at least ot all questions
affecting its genuineness, and in sending it or
carrying it to Secretary Rodman he undoubt-
edly thought it both genuine and truthful. He
was the victim of a conspiracy intended to ben-
efit him, and in this respect might well ex-
claim, "God save me from my friends." But
his innocence does not give any legal value to
illegal acts committed by others. The fact
stares us in the face that Rodman unlawfully
gave the certificate to the sitting member, and
in justification for such act points to a docu-
ment proven to have been a forgery. In these
remarks I am prompted by no bitterness of
spirit toward even Rodman himself. He is
now out of office; his scepter has departed;
like Othello, his "occupation's gone."
But I cannot forget the fact that this-series
of illegal acts was committed not only ih vio-
lation of the rights of electors, but in deroga-
tion of therigbts of one whom frota my boyhood
I have known and- honored. General James-
Shields- was, in- the days-of my boyhood, an
honored citizen of Illinois, and in that gather-
ing of noble men accustomed to meet at- our
State capitol, embracing such as Lincoln,
Baker, Edwards, Breeze, and" Shields, the
latter was worthy of the companionship of the
noblest. Illinois honored him by an election
to the United States- Senate. He honored
Illinois by leading her sons to battle during
the war with Mexico ; and with such men as
Bissel and Baker and' Hardin and a host of
other noble, brave-patriots, placed the name of
Illinois first on the-rolls for devotion to country
and bravery in its defense. Though born on
foreign soil, he loved-his adopted'country, and
has always been true to the obligation assumed
in his oath of allegiance.
When fanatics plunged our country into the
recent civil war General Shields might well
have remained' at home in ease. He had
achieved as- high political honors as the Con-
stitution of his adopted country permitted his
fellow-citizens to bestow. He was advanced
in years, and might well claim rest and repose
after the burdens of laborious life. He bore in
his breast the proof of almost deadly injuries
received in successive'battles for his country.
What more need he of fame or earthly honor?
But his impetuous Irish nature will not be still
when battle rages. His noble patriotism could
not remain unmoved while freedom fought
her battles. Once more he becomes a soldier,
and on successive battle-fields proves that age
has neither clouded his patriotism nor dimmed-
his courage.
Sir, James Shields has served his country
well. Whether on the plains of Mexico, or iu
the valleys-of Virginia doing- battle with the
enemies- of his- adopted country-; whether in
the h-ot political campaign doing battle for the
party of his choice, or in the peaceful pursuits
of private life, James Shields is a patriot,
without blemish on his private or public record.
And now, when the people of his congressional
district have chosen him, in the sunset of his
life, to represent them in this Hall, I deem it
a privilege as well as a duty to say, let his
constituents be heard in their choice and let
the old hero enjoy, for a brief period, the hon-
ors which they have accorded him.
Shields vs. Van Horn.
SPEECH OF HON. J. 0. CHURCHILL,
of new york,
In the House of Representatives,
February 21, 1S71,
On the contested-election case of Shields vs. "Van
Horn, from the sixth congressional district of
Missouri.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
support the report of the majority of the sub-
committee of Elections, to which was referred
the papers m the contested election case arising
in the-sixth district in Missouri, which report
concludes with the following resolutions :
Resolved, That James Shields is not entitlod to a
seat m the House of Representatives in the Forty-
First Congress from the sixth congressional district
ot Missouri. . , ,
Itesoleed, That Robert T. Van Horn is entitled te
a seat in the House of Representatives in the Forty-
First Congress from the sixth congressional district
of Missouri.     ., _
Jiewhed, That the sum of S5.03!) be paid to James
Shields out of the contingent iund of the House, m
full for time spent and expenses incurred in contest-
in"- the lignt of Robert X. Van Ilorn to a seat in the
Forty-Firs r. Congress from the sixth congressional
district of Missouri.
This case presents many features with which
the previous experience of the House in con-
tested-election cases coming from the State of
Missouri have made it familiar. The majority
of the votes for Representative in the Forty-
First Congress oast at the election held in the
sixth congressional district of Missouri on the
3d day of November, 1868, were cast for James
Shields, as appeaVs from the following state-
ment of the votes polled in the several coun-
tiescomposing that district, the correctness of
which is conceded- by both of the parties to this
contest:
For James For Robert
Counties. Shields. T. Van Born.
Clinton    659 567
Clay  319 286
Platte '.  792 537
Jackson  3,027 1,432
Caldwell  398 825
Rav  559 750
Lafayette  559 696
Carroll  832 947
Saline  395 58S
Chariton  839 778
Total  8,379
7,396
The secretary of State of Missouri, to whom
by the laws of that State the returns from the
several counties in each congressional district
are sent, and whose duty it is to give certifi-
cates of election to the persons who shall
appear from these returns to have received a
majority- of the votes cast in each district,
assumed to receive evidence impeaching the
registration and election in the counties of
Platte and Jackson, and thereupon rejected
the votes from those counties, and gave the
certificate to the sitting member, who had a
majority of 867 in the remaining eight coun-
ties of the district.
That this officer had no right to receive this
evidence, or to entertain or pass upon the ques-
tion which he assumed to decide, has been
divided by the supreme court of Missouri in
two cases recently adjudicated in that State,
(The People tw. Rodman, 43 Mo., 256; The
People vs. Steers, 44 Mo., 224, 228.) and which
are accepted now by all parties as correctly
stating the law upon the questions involved.
We concede, then, that the contestant in this
case should have received the certificate of
election, and that the relations of the parties
to this contest should have been reversed.
But the evidence of fraud which the secretary
of State of Missouri had no right to receive or
to consider has been presented to this House,
and is sufficient, in the judgment of a majority
of your committee, to warrant and require the
rejection of the entire vote of the county of
Jackson, for such frauds and irregularities in
the appointment of the officers of registration,
in the making of the registration, and in the
conduct of the election, as make botti registra-
tion and election a nullity.
By the constitution and laws of Missouri
relating to the registration of voters and to
the couductof elections, it is provided that the
Governor of the State, by and with the advice
of the seuate, shall appoint in each senatorial
district in the State a superintendent of regis-
tration, who should appoint in each county in
his district three suitable and discreet persons
to register the voters of the county, and who
could be removed at the discretion of the
superintendent " for incompetency or for any
other cause."
The causes of exclusion from registration
by the constitution of the State ot Missouri
were numerous, and, by the circumstances at-
tending the civil war iu that State, are appli-
cable to a large part of the adult male popula-
tion of the State; and it was made the special
duty of the registering officers diligently to
inquire and ascertain as to each person offer-
ing himself for registration that he had not
done any of the acts specified in the constitu-
tion as causes of disqualification.
To make this more clear I will call atten-
