174
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Shields vs. Van Horn—Mr. Churchill.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
tion to the third section of the third article
of the constitution of Missouri, and also to
the ninth section of the law governing the
action of the registering officers:
" Sec. 3. At any election held by the peopleunder
this constitution, or in pursuance of any law in this
State, or under any ordinance or by-law of any
municipal corporation, no person shal 1 be deemed a
qualified voter who has ever beerfin armed hostility
to the United States, or to the lawful authorities
thereof, or to the government of this State, or has
ever given aid, comfort, countenance, or support to
persons engaged in any such hostility; or has ever
in any manner adhered to the enemies, foreign or
domestic, of the United States, either by contribu-
ting to them or by unlawfully sending within their
linos money, goods, letters, or information ; or has
ever disloyally held communication with such ene-
mies, or has ever Advised or aided any person to enter
the service of such enemies; or has ever by act or
word manifested his adherence to the cause of such
enemies, or his desire for their triumph over the
arms of the United States, or his sympathy with
those engaged in cxciting or carrying on rebellion
against the United Srates; or has ever, except under
overpowering compulsion, submitted to the author-
ity or been in the service of the so-called 'confed-
erate States of America/ or has ever left this State
and gone within the lines of the armies of the so-
called 'confederate States of America,^ with the
purpose of adhering to said States or armies, or has
ever been a member of or connected with any order,
society, or organization inimical to the Government
of the United States, or to the government of this
State; or has ever been engaged in guerrilla warfare
against loyal inhabitants of the United States, or in
that description of marauding commonly known as
'bushwhacking,' or has ever knowingly and will-
ingly harbored, aided, or countenanced any person
so engaged; or has ever como into or has left this
State for the purpose of avoiding enrollment for or
draft into the military service of the United States,
or has ever, with a view to avoid enrollment in the
militia of this State, or to escape performance of
duty therein, or for any other purpose, enrolled him-
self, or authorized himself to be enrolled, by or before
any officer, as disloyal or as asouthcrn sympathizer,
or in nny other terms indicating his disaffection to
the Government of the United States in its contest
with rebellion, or his sympathy with thos6 engaged
in such rebellion, or having ever voted at any elec-
tion by the people in this State, or in any other of
the United States, orin any of their Territories, or
held office in this State, or in any other of the Uni-
ted States, cr in any of their Territories, or under
the United State?, shall thereafter have sought or
received under chum of alienage the protection of
any lor<«ign Government, through any consul or
other officer thereof, in order to secure exemption
from ini>it>iry duty  n the militia of this State or in
the Army of the Unired States; nor shall any such
person be capable of holding in this State any office
of honor, trust, or profit under its authority, or of
being an officer, councilman, director, trustee, or
other manager oi any corporation, public or private,
now existing or hereafter established by its author-
ity, or of acting as a professor or teacher in any edu-
cationalinstitution or in any common or other school,
or of holding any real estate or other property in
trust for the use of any church, religious society, or
congregation. But the foregoing provision in rela-
tion to acts done against the United States shall not
apply to any person not a citizen thereof who shall
have committed such acts while in the service of
some foreign country at war with the United States,
and who has since such acts been naturalized, or may
hereafter be naturalized, under the laws of the Uni-
ted States; and the oath of loyalty hereinafter pre-
scribed, when taken by any such person, shall be
cons;dered as taken in such sense."
"Sec. 9. The board of registration shall have
power to examine, under oath, any person applying
for registration, as to his qualifications as a voter,
aud they shall, before entering the name of any per-
son on the registry of qualified voters, diligently
inquire and ascertain that he has not done any of
the acts specified in the constitution as causes of
disqualification; and it, from their own knowledge,
or evidence brought before them, they shall be sat-
isfied that, any j>erson seeking registration is dis-
qualified under any provision of the constitution,
they shall not enter his name on the list of qualified
voters, though he may have taken and subscribed
before them the oath of loyalty aforesaid; but if he
has taken and subscribed such oath, shall enter his
name on aseparate list of persons rejected as voters,
and in connection with such entry, they shall state
the grounds of the rejection, and they shall also note
every appeal from their decision, by making an en-
try of the fact opposite the name of the party taking
finch appeal. The board of registration, oranymem-
ber thereof, shall have power to administer oaths to
all parties appearing before them for registration or
as witnesses."
The only appeal from the action of these
registering officers was to a board of appeal
composed of themselves and one other officer,
elected by the people of the county, and their
decision was final. The courts of the State
were expressly forbidden to interfere by man-
damus, either for the purpose of adding to or
taking from the list of registered voters the
name of any person for any cause whatever,
and the officers of election were forbidden, un-
der heavy penalties, from refusing to receive
the vote of any person whose name appeared
upon the list of registered voters, and also from
receiving the vote of any person whose name
was not on that list. It will be seen at once
how delicate and responsible were the powers
of the registering officers, and how completely
it rested with them to determine whether the
safeguards which the constitution and laws of
Missouri had thrown around the ballot-box
should be effective. It will also be seen that
the power of the superintendent to select and
toreipove and change these registering officers
at his discretion would enable him to determ-
ine the character of their action, and that it
would depend on the wisdom and honesty of
this officer whether or not a just registration,
and one according to the laws of $he State,
should be made.
For the fourteenth senatorial district of
Missouri, which includes the county of Jack-
son, the Governor appointed Thomas Phelan
superintendent of registration. The evidence
shows that he was very solicitous to secure
this appointment, and that one reason given
by himself to a friend, whose influence he
wished to obtain, was, il that he was low in
finances, and that if he got the office he could
make it pay." (Mis. Doc., Forty-First Con-
gress, second session, No. 18, p. 33.) It ap-
pears, from other evidence, that at the time
of his appointment he expected to become a
candidate for sheriff of Jackson county upon
the Republican ticket, and also that he ex-
pected to be able to use this office to aid him
in obtaining that nomination.
To the Governor, before his appointment,
Phelan represented himself as one of the
strongest Radical Republicans, indeed so ex-
treme a Radical that the Governor for that
reason hesitated to appoint him, and only did
so in deference to the opinions of some of the
leading Republicans of that senatorial dis-
trict. He informed the Governor that many
had voted at the election in 1806 who were
not entitled to vote, and suggested various
methods by which to secure a registration
which should exclude all who were not so
entitled. After his appointment he appointed
three Republicans—K. M. Ainsworth, Charles
F. Quest, and Henry E. Vantrees, as regis-
tering officers for the county of Jackson.
Phelan became a candidate for the office
of sheriff, but was not nominated. He then
offered, if he could have the nomination of
clerk of the Kansas City court of common pleas;
to overlook his disappointment in not being
nominated for sheriff. In this he failed. He
thereupon determined to change the regis-
tering board of Jackson county, and just as
the registration was about to commence he
removed the Republican officers before ap-
pointed, and appointed in their places three
Democrats, Milton J. Paine, Jeremiah Dowd,
and W. N. 0. Monroe. His motive for so
doing, and the anticipated effect of this change
upon the registration and upon the result in
the county at the approaching election, will ap-
pear from his own statement, made to Joshua
Thome, the United States assessor of inter-
nal revenue for the sixth district of Missouri,
as sworn to by that gentleman, and to which
I call the attention of the House:
"Question. State your name, business, and place
of residence.
^ "Answer. Joshua Thorne, United States assessor
sixth district, Mibsouri; live at Kansas City, Mis-
souri.
"Question. Are you acquainted with Thomas Phe-
lan, late superintendent of the fourteenth senatorial
district?
"Answer. I am.
"Question. State what conversation, if any, you
had after the removal of Dr. Aiaswurth and Mr.
Vantrees as registrars of Jackson county, and after
the appointment of Messrs. Paine and Dowd.
44Answer. About the 29th, as near as I can remem-
ber, of August, 1868, 1 went to Independence to see
Mr. Phelan; I saw him there. My first question to
him was to ask him why he had acted so strangely
in removing the officers Vantrees and Ainsworth.
He stated, to be revenged upon the leaders of the
Radical party in Jackson county, because of the
treatment, and because they had played him false;
that they, the leaders of the Radical party, had
promised him the nomination of sheriff of Jackson
county, which nomination had been refused him.
He said that he had then offered said leaders that
if they would give him the nomination of clerk
of the Kansas City court of common pleas that
he would overlook the insult in regard to sheriff,
and would have continued the old officers, Ains-
worth and Vantrees; that they refused even this,
and, in consequence, he had made good the threat
which Ire had long since made to myself and others,
that if he were dragged down he would drag the
leaders of the party of Jackson county with him.
I argued with him upon the score of old friend-
ship. lie said he was sorry that he had taken the
course he had taken on account of many friends
in the Radical party—myself and Colonel Van Horn
among others. He expressed great desire to see
Colonel Von Horn, I asked him to come to Kan-
sas City and see him. He said no; he could not
look in the face the man who, without provocation,
he had so deeply wronged. That he had removed
the officers and had appointed others; that the act
was done; that he. however, could be induced to re-
sign. After repeating this in several times, and that
there were conditions under which he would resigu,
he asked me how much money we had, meaning the
Radicals. Istated to him that I did not come upon
any mission of money; I came to see him as an old
friend, one who had always pushed him for positions,
to know from him personally why he had acted so
strangely. He answered, stating he was glad I had
como, but just now old friendships amounted to but
little; that he could not undo what was done with-
out resigning; that if he resigned he must leave the
country. He knew the Radicals had lost confidence
in him by his late actions: that he knew the rebels
had no confidence in him, and that if he resigned he
could not live here. His resignation would elect the
Radical candidates in this county. lie thought they
could afford to pay for it. I told him I was not a can-
didate; I presumed if the candidates choose to com-
ply with his conditions, alluding to his statements
alone, that itwas an affairof their own, not mine. I
asked him, incidentally, how many votes he ex-
pected from Osage precinct, under the new register-
ingofficers, Messrs. Paine and Dowd. He assured
me not less than three hundred. I asked him if he
was well acquainted down there. Said he was. I then
asked him now many loyal voters there were in the
precinct, in his opinion. He assured me from twelve
to fifteen—not more. He stated that if he had been
treated properly by the party the county would have
been carried by the Radicals by a large majority—I
think ho mentioned by four hundred—while, as it
was, the Conservatives would carry the county by
twelve hundred at least. He stated further that he
was still a Radical, still a friend of Colonel Van
Horn, mine, and others in the party; that this re-
venge was more personal than political.—Mis. Doc.
Forty-First Congress, second session, No. 18, page 43.
But the evidence shows conclusively, in
my judgment, that in his action in changing
the board of registration in Jackson county
Phelan was influenced by other and more sordid
considerations.
The evidence of C. J. Corwine, (pages 15-27,)
who was the editor and publisher of tbe leading
Democratic paper in Kansas City, in Jackson
county, prior and up to the election in Novem-
ber, 1868, shows that the buying up or getting
control of the superintendents of registration
was a subject of deliberation and consultation
among the leading Democrats of the State}
that this was particularly true in Jackson
county and its vicinity ; that it was understood
that Phelan had got the office to make money
out of it, and that it was believed that if he
failed to get the Republican nomination for
sheriff he could be bodght up by the Demo-
crats ; that a caucus was held on Sunday at the
house of M. J. Paine, the same man whom
Phelan afterward appointed one of the regis-
istering officers of the county, at which the
subject of buying up Phelan was discussed, the
sum necessary for that purpose considered,
and the best person to arrange with Phelan
agreed upon, who was Charles Dougherty, the
Democratic candidate for sheriff; that Paine
was fixed upon as the man to talk with Dough-
erty upon the subject; that money was raised
for that purpose; that an arrangement was
effected with Phelan by which the Democrats
