1608
THE CONG-RISSIOMA'L GLOBE.
February 24
Mr. WOOD. I have it in my hand and will
state it in a moment. I preface it by saying
that the amendment I deaire to'offeririof vastly
more importance to the people of this country
at tfcis particular period than this bill alto-
gether. " In the present condition of the poorer
classes, who aredependent upon fuel for a sub-
sistence, it is time that this Congress should
take the duty off coal, and hence' I offer this
amendment, " that hereafter all coal imported
into the United States shall be free of duty.*!
Mr. DAWES. I raise the pointof order on
that amendment. ;
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
iteld in the chair.) The Chair sustains the
point of order. •
Mr. WOOD. DoestheChair rule my amend-
ment out 1
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. WOOD. I do not desire to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair, but it
does appear to me that we have a right in an
appropriation bill to determine the economy
of running these vessels which it is proposed
to support by this sum. [Cries of "Order!"
"Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
jnan is not in order.
The Clerk read as follows :
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen, $150,000.
Loans and Treasury noted:' for paper, engraving,
printing, express charges, and other expenses ijf
making and issuing the national currency, $75,000.
Mr. COX. I desire to move to amend the
paragraph' in relation to sick and disabled sea-
men by adding to it the following proviso:
Provided, That any coal purchased for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen shall b&purchased from
people who shall have it free of duty from Nova
Scotia. > -.
[Laughter.] : .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That para-
graph has been passed and another one read.
Mr. COX. The Chair is sometimes kind
enough to go back when gentlemen cannot
keep up with the reader of the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the
House grant unanimous consent to go back?
Mr. DAWES. For what purpose?
Mr. COX. To have an article read from
the New York Evening Post as to the coal
conspiracy, by which the people are being
freezed to death. I appeal tq py" humane
friend. [Laughter. J
Mr. DAWES. There is nothing about the
coal conspiracy in this bill. J object to going
back,   ' '
The Clerk read as follows:
For expenses in detecting and bringing to trial and
Punishment persons engaged in counterfeiting Treas-
ury notes, bonds, and other securities of the United
States, as well as the coins of the United States, and
other frauds upop the Government, $125,000.
Mr. McGREW. I move to amend that par-
agraph by inserting after the words "coins of
the United States," in line one hundred and
twenty-three, the words "and national bank
notes."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no ;
why cannot they take qare of their own notes?
Mr. McGREW. There is a proposition now
being considered by the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency which originated •syitjx the
Treasury Department 
Mr. DAWES. I do not see any objection
to that amendment.  
Mr. BUTLER, pf Massachusetts. I do.
Mr. McGREW. I was-saying that there is
a proposition now being considered by the
Committee on Banking and Currency which
originated with the Treasury Department,
having for its ostensible purpose the "pybjeo-
tion of the country against counterfeits' of the
national bank currency, and the plan is one
that is perhaps familiar to the House. Now,
I suggest that if the Committee, on Appropria-
tions will consent to extend this provision of
the bill'to the national batile cirfjalittinn if will
be mtich more effective in protecting the coun-
try against counterfeiting than the proposition
ftow being considered by the Committee on
Banking and Currency. I therefore propose
this amehdmtefrt, and hope the House will
adopt it.
Mr. ©AWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that' his ^amendment would come in more
Appropriately after the word " bonds " in line
One hundred and twenty-two.
Mr. McGREW. I think the gentleman is
correct, and I will modify my "amendment in
that way.' '
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
the words "national barik notes " wonld come
in more- appropriately' before the words " and
other frauds." But the objection to the amend-
ment is this: the United States ought;te pro-
tect its own currency and its coin from coun-
terfeiting, but that it should go into the busi-
ness of taking care of the national bank notes
is a new proposition. The expense of taking
care of the national bank notes ought not to
be saddled on the Treasury of the United
States. Let the national banks sustain that
expense. "
Mr. M AYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest that this is a mattejyjn Which the
banks are not concerned so mueh'as are the
people who receive their notes. The people
are principally interested in this.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, yes;
I am aware of all that. I am told by gentle-
men all around me here that the United'States
Government makes the notes for these banks.
Besides the Government also pays them for the
privilege given out tq the banks for circulation.
And now the next thing to be done is to put
the United States to the expense of caring for
them while the banks get all the profits. That
is the proposition before the House, and I do
not care to add anything to the mere statement
pf the proposition.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, i^llow me to
make a statement. '' ■ -
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In a bill which
the Committee on Banking and Currency have
authorized me to report, and which has been
reported to the House and ordered to be printed
and recommitted to that committee, and which
I have the right to call up at any time on the
motion to reconsider the, recommitment, is
a section which requires every national bank
in the United States to stamp with the word
"counterfeit," or to cut through every note
presented at its counter or coming into its
possession that is counterfeit. I agree with
the gentleman that we ought not to saddle
this expense on the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. POTTER. I am surprised at the oppo-
sition by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] to this amendment. We famish
these national banks with these notes;' we
pay them for circulating them; We give them
a sort of quasi credit; and surety for consist-
ency's sake, considering that we have done
more for these banks than for any one or any-
body else in the United States, we ought tq
pay for detecting frauds upon them. 1 think
the amendment should prevail, upon the princi-
ple that we have done so much for them, and
as a friend near toe suggests, we ought perhaps,
to pay their clerk hire also.
Mr. McGREW. The point I desire to make
is this: that the proposition has emanated
from the Treasury Department for the purpose
of protecting the people of the country, not
the banks, against the counterfeit bank-note
circulation that is now being passed among-
the people.: The Committee ori Banking ana
Currency have for some time* been considering
that" proposition, and, as has just been stated
to the House by the chairman of that com-
mit^, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] a bi|l has been prepared and reported
to the House, not fbr the purpose of protect-
ing the batiks, but for the purpose of protect- j
ing the people of the United States. If that |
bill, to which allusion has been made, shall
meet with the favorable consideration of the
House and of Congress, and become a law, it
will involve an expense to the Treasury of the
United States of perhaps half a million dollars,
and a like expense to the baaksof the country.
Now, if the Committee on Appropriations and
the House will consent to extend this provis-
ion of the bill tq the circulation of the banks
of the country, it will effect quite as much, and
at much less expense, as the bill proposed to
be reported from the Committee on Banking
and Currency. It was for the purpose of sav-
ing money and protecting the people that I
•have offered this amendment.
Mr. BURCHARD. The bill which has been
referred to by the gentleman from Ohio, the
chairman of the Committee on Banking and
Currency, [Mr. Garfield,] will require an ex-
penditure upon the part of the Government
of from two to three hundred thousand dol-
lars in the preparation of new plates and the
printing of a new circulation. Now, it seems
to me that if the Government proposes for the
protection of the people to issue new notes
and prepare new plates therefor, it is far more
reasonable that a small portion of the sum
appropriated for the detection of counterfeits
should be used to detect counterfeits of that
currency and destroy plates already in exist-
ence or that shall hereafter be prepared by
counterfeiters. The national Government has
the control of the printing of the national
currency; it has the care and custody of the
plates from which that currency is printed, and
it can far better provide for the detection of
those counterfeits and for the protection of
the people than can individuals, or corpora-
tions, or associations. It is for the protection
and safety of the people and not for the bene-
fit of banks that this is proposed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. All that I said
about the pending bill before the Committee
on Banking and 'Currency was exactly as I
meant to have it. But I was mistaken in one
particular in the last remark I made, in inti-
mating that this expense ought not to be in-
cluded as part of the expense to be borne by
the United States. It is the fact that counter-
feiting must of course be prosecuted in the
name of the United States. It is not an offense
against a bank; it is an offense against the
Government; and the people who hold the
counterfeit notes are the sufferers. I do not
know whether it is necessary to insert this
amendment here; but it seems to me it is
just as much the concern of the Government
to protect the people against the counterfeiting
of national bank notes as to protect them
against the counterfeiting of Treasury notes.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
House will not at this time go off into a debate
on the merits of a bill which is in the hands of
the Committee on Banking and Currency. The
only question is, whether, under a national
system, under the control of United States
law, carried on by institutions that are the crea-
tures of that law, the counterfeiting of whose
notes is punishable under United States law,
in United States courts by United States offi-
cers, it would not be worth while to extend our
investigations to the counterfeiting as well of
these bank notes as the Treasury notes. These
banknotesare all engraved under the direction
of the Treasury Department. Counterfeiting
them is prosecuted, under the direction of the
Treasury of the United States, in the United
States courts. The counterfeiting of one class
of notes goea along with the counterfeiting of
the other. The business is carried on by pro-
fessional counterfeiters, who cqunterfeit the
national bank notes as well as Treasury notes.
The national banks themselves have nothing
to do with engraving their own note3. These
notes are engraved by the United States. The
banks cannot take their own measures to pro-
tect themselves against counterfeiting, because
the law of the United States Requires that the
notes shall be engraved and printed in a par-
