1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
41st Coxa....3d Sess.
Southern Pacific Railroad—Mr. Morey,
Ho. op Heps.
were to control the registration through him ;
and that this arrangement., as Corwine under-
stood it, was a pecuniary one; and that from
that time Plielan acted with the Democratic
party.
This evidence of Corwine was taken on the
9th day of June, 1809. subsequent to which,
oil the 28ih day of June, 1869, M. J. Paine,
and on the 27th day of July, 1869, Thomas
Phelan, were examined on behalf of the con-
testant as witnesses in this case, and no at-
tempt was made to disprove or explain by
either of them these statements of Corwine.
This omission must be taken as a substantial
admission of the truth of his evidence; and
with that evidence uncontradicted, as proving
that the appointment of Paine, Dowd, and
Monroe was the result of a corrupt arrange-
ment made by Phelan with Charles Dougherty,
the Democratic candidate for sheriff in Jack-
son county, and his political friends, and that
one at least of the persons so appointed, and
who seems to have been one of the most active
and influential members of the board of regis-
tration of the county, Milton J. Paine, was a
party to that corrupt arrangement.
Mr. Speaker, the registrars thus appointed
acted throughout in disregard of the first and
most important duty imposed upon them by
the law. The language of the law is, "they
shall before entering the name of any person
on the registry of qualified voters diligently
inquire and ascei tain that he has not done any
of the acts specified in the constitution as
causes of disqualification."
The evidence establishes conclusively that
all that was required in order that a person's
name should be put upon the list of qualified
voters was that he should take the oath of
loyalty prescribed by the constitution of the
State.
Peter J. Miserez, (p. 34,) B. F. Neugent,
(p. 42,) Joshua Thorne, (p. 45,) Henry 'full,
(p. 46,) Elijah Thomas, (p. 47,) Charles P.
Quest, (p. 48,) R. W. Dawson, (p. 50,) and
JacobS. Boreman, (p. 54,) who wer.e present
at various meetings of the board of registra-
tion, all agree in testifying that 110 inquiries as
to the causes of disqualification mentioned in
the constitution were made by the board, but
that the applicant in all cases, on taking the
oalhot' office, was registered. The result of
this registration was that 5,186 were registered
as qualified voters in 1868, while only 2,284
were so registered at the prior registration
made in 1860, and only 2,967 at the subsequent
registration in 1809, (p. 15.) in which latter
year the whole number of votes given in the
county of Jackscn at an election for members
of the house of representatives of the State
of Missouri was only 1,569, (p. 94). The con-
testant received in this county at the election
in 1868, 3,027 votes, (p. 1,) or more than the
entire number of qualified voters registered in
the county in 1866 and 1869, and neatly twice
the entire vote cast in that county in the latter
year.
Charles F. Quest swears that 56 of the
persons registered by the board in 1868 as
qualified voters were refused registration in
1866 by the registering board of that year, of
which he was a member, because they had
been disloyal to the United States during the
late rebellion. The same witness, with Joshua
Thorne, both testify that Phelan told them that
there were not to exceed from twelve to fifteen
persons in Fort Osage township entitled to
registration as qualified voters, yet that town-
ship was so registered by the men he appointed,
that 183 qualified votes were returned as cast
at the election of November 3, 1868, of which
174 were cast for the contestant and only 9
for the sitting member, (pp. 44, 48.)
A. L. II. Crenshaw, who was one of the
judges of election at lilue Springs in the Sui-
ft-bar township at the election in November,
1868, testifies that six persons were registered
as qualified voters in that township who were
bushwhackers in the late rebellion ; that seven
otberswere so registered who were in the south-
ern army, as they themselves had informed him.
and that twenty-five others were so registered
in the same, township who were open sympa-
thizers with the rebellion, and three of whom
were known to him to have been in the rebel
army.
Mr. Speaker, none of the evidence in this
case connects the contestant in any way with
the frauds to which I have referred; nor is
it claimed by any one that such connection
exists. A brave soldier and a gallant com-
mander in the armies of the Republic, who
has shed his blood for his adopted country
upon more than one of its battle-fields and in
more than one of its wars, his reputation is
dear to the country as well as to himself, and
it gives me pleasure to make this disclaimer
in his behalf.
But, Mr. Speaker, the fraudulent and cor-
rupt agreement in pursuance of which the re
gisteting officers of Jackson county are shown
to have been appointed; the disregard by those
officers in performing their duties of the plain-
est and most impartial provisions of the law
under which they were acting; the registration
by them of numbers of persons shown not to
have been entitled to such registration ; and
the extraordinary and unexplained increase in
the number of persons placed upon the list
of qualified voters, an increase, as the vote
at the next, subsequent election showed, accru-
ing especially to the advantage of but one of
the political parties in the field, overcame the
legal presumption in favor of the correctness
of the action of public officers and the prima
facie claim to correctness which would other-
wise attach to the returns of the election in Jack-
son county in November, 1868,and warrant and
require the House, as they warranted the com-
mittee, in accordance with many well consid-
ered decisions, both of the House and of the
courts, to reject those returns ; and as no
proof other than those returns has been offered
of the legal vote in that county, it follows that
the whole vote of the county must be rejected.
The rejection of this vote makes the vote of
Robert T. Van Horn in the district 5,964, and
of James Shields 5,352, and elects the former
by a majority of 612.
Southern Pacific Railroad.
REMARKS OF HON. FRANK MORBY,
OP LOUISIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 21, 1871,
On the bill (S. No. 63) to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company and to aid the construc-
tion of Us road, and for other purposes.
Mr. MOREY. Mr. Speaker, I offer the fol-
lowing two items as new sections, to be num-
bered sections twenty-two and twenty three,
and I offer them as amendments to the amend-
ments of the chairman of the committee, the
gentleman from Nev/ York, [Mr. Wheeler:]
And be it fuither enacted, That the North Louisiana
and Texas Railroad Company, a corporation created
by  n net of the Legislature of Louisiana, is hereby
authorized to extend its said hue so as to connect
with said Texas Pacific Railroad Compiny at its
eastern terminus, at or near Marshall, Texas, and
said North Louibiana and Texas Railroad Company
shall be subject to all the restrictions in the trans-
mission of Ireight and passengers imposed by this
act upon the Texas Pacific Railroad Company.
Ainlbe it further enacted, That the North Louisiana
and Texas Railroad Company shall be entitled to all
the lauds heretotore granted by act ot Congress,
approved June 3,1856. granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the Texas line in the
State of Louisiana west of the town ot Greenwood,
via Greenwood, Sbreveport, and Monroo. to a point
on the Mississippi river, opposite vicksburg.
The first amendment is said to be unneces-
sary. All admit that it gives no subsidy or
aid in any shape whatever, and all admit that
it will do no harm. Then why not admit it?
The second amendment merely renews an old
land grant passed by Congress in June, 1856,
which lapsed because of the interruption of
internal improvements during the war. When
1 say it revives the grant I mean that it revives
the grant to the extent of giving to the rail-
road company all the land that remains of
that grant, which has been lessened by home-
stead and other en tries.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this House is divided
into three elements, so far as action on this
bill is concerned. The first is composed of
those who favor a bill which is in fact as well
as in name a southern Pacific railroad ; that
is, one providing for a branch, with a land
grant, to the great commercial emporium of
the South, New Orleans, and providing also
for the revival of the old grant to the road
from Vicksburg and Shreveport, thus enabling
this road to speedily complete its one hundred
miles of yet unconstructed road, and forming
a continuous line of road through the southern
States to the Atlantic sea-board, and with a
gauge of five feet, which is the gauge of all
southern railroads. The second of the ele-
ments to which I have referred is composed
of those who favor a southern railroad, pro-
vided it is controlled in the interests of north-
ern railroads and is made a feeder of roads
terminating as far west as the Mississippi river,
and in no case terminating further east than
Cincinnati. The third element is composed of
those who are hostile to any southern Pacific
railroad; some of whom are hostile because
of the land grant involved, while others, I am
compelled to say, are actuated by no higher
motive than a desire to build up the Union
and Central and the Northern Pacific railroad,
by'crushing any attempt to charter a railroad
on the thirty-second parallel.
Now, sir, my reason for offering the first
amendment is this: from Marshall, Texas, to
the Louisiana State line is about twenty miles,
over which a railroad is operated under a State
charter to the Southern Pacific railroad of
Texas. By the provisions of the bill now
befoie us, all roads built to the Southern
Pacific railroad may connect with that road.
Under that provision the road from Marshall
to the State line may connect with this road,
but this little road may then refuse to connect
on fair terms with the road running east from
the State line, and by so doing may give great
advantages to the branch roads running north
and northeast from Marshall. That this is
probable I believe ; fori am informed on most
excellent authority that the parlies who will
contiol the organization of the company have
acquired a controlling interest in the Southern
Pacific road of Texas, and are also largely
interested in the Cairo and Fulton and the
Pennsylvania Central railroads, the latter, as
is well known, holding a lease of the Ohio and
Mississippi railroad.
Now, m regard to the second amendment
which I have offered. Sir, in 1856 there were
granted to the State of Louisiana, in trust, to
aid in the construction of the roads named in
the bill, the "odd-numbered sections of public
land to the extent of six sections per mile.
One of the roads to which this aid was given
is the road from Vicksburg to the Louisiana
and Texas State line, known now as the
Northern Louisiana and Texas railroad ; and
right here I wish to state that this Congress,
that now refuses to renew a small grant to this
road, which is the connecting link between
Marshall and the net-work of railroads east of
the Mississippi river at Vicksburg, voted at a
previous session to renew a similar grant to
the Cairo and E'ultoa railroad, and increased
the grant. You have, by your action, placed
yourselves ia the position of aiding, by a land
