1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information.
The bill was read. It proposes to abolish
the officer of surveyor at Chester, Pennsyl-
vania, provided by the act establishing that
port, approved March 29, 1867. The second
section provides that a deputy collector of
customs, to reside at that port, or a resident
inspector of customs with the powers of a
deputy collector, shall be appointed for the
port, and shall perform such duties as may be
devolved on him according to law ; but the
compensation of such officer is not to exceed
that allowed by law to inspectors of customs
at the port of Philadelphia.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not interpose any
objection to* the introduction and considera-
tion of this bill; but I want to ask my col-
league [Mr. Towxsexd] a question. There
is now a surveyor at Chester with a salary of
$000 
Mr. WOOD. I object to the bill,
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does this bill come from
a committee ?
Mr. TO\VN"SEND. No, sir; I desire to
introduce it for action at the present time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
JOIIN L. THOMAS, JR.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have been directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to report
a joint resolution for the relief of John L.
Thomas, jr., at present collector of customs
at Baltimore, and late United States desig-
nated depositary.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury Department be authorized and di-
rected, in the settlement of the accounts of
John L. Thomas, jr., as collector of customs
of the district of Baltimore, and as late
United States designated depositary, to allow
him such amounts as are shown to have been
stolen or embezzled by his late deputy col-
lectors, Richard N. Bowerman and Thomas
J. Wilson, the-Secretary of the Treasury being
satisfied that such embezzlement or larceny
did not occur through the negligence or default
of Thomas; and provided thafin case any of
the moneys so embezzled or stolen shall here-
after be recovered, the same shall inure to the
benefit of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does this joint resolution
come from a committee?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynaud] asks consent to report
it from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MAYNARD. The subject has been
referred to our committee, and I have been
directed to report this joint resolution.
Mr. DAWES. It is rather strange that a
private claim like this should have been referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MAYNARD. Itis not a private claim.
Mr- DAWES. Certainly it is.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is a report accom-
panying the joint resolution ; and if that be
read it will explain this matter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the consid-
eration of the joint resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the House will
either allow the report to be read or will hear
a statement of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Swanst,] whom I see on his feet.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
hearing the statement; but I do not think it
will obviate my objection to the joint resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. If there be nonobjection
the report will be read, the right to object being
reserved.
Mr. SWANN. With the permission of the
gentleman who has charge of this bili, I will
state, for the information of the House, that I
am acquainted with General Bowerman, who,
during the period of the term of Colonel eb-
ster, collector of the port of Baltimore, was
conuected with that department. He was con-
sidered an upright and honest man, and I am
not sure that I did not unite in the recom-
mendation of that officer to Colonel Webster
as one of the most Competent men who could
be recommended to him in connection with
his office.
I have reason to believe, sir, from my knowl-
edge of the facts connected with this case, that
no vigilance on the part of the collector of
customs at Baltimore, Mr. Thomas, could have
prevented the defalcation which has since
occurred in that department. I believe that
everything has beeh done which could be done
to prevent any inaccuracy which might have
occurred in the accounts of that gentleman;
and although, sir, I have been opposed to Mr.
Thomas in politics, I consider it due to that
gentleman to bear my testimony to the vigil-
ance with which he has in the main discharged
his public duties; and I have risen to say here
that I consider it fair and just he should be
relieved from the responsibility which has
been imposed upon him by this unfortunate
transaction.
I will state further, Mr. Speaker, that Gen-
eral Bowerman, throughout the State of Mary-
land, has occupied such a position and has had
such a character that no man within the limits
of that State would have suspected for a moment
that a defalcation could have occurred in that
quarter. And I entirely concur in the report
of the committee. I consider it but just and
proper that Mr. Thomas should be relieved
from this responsibility. I have been informed
that if this claim is enforced against Mr.
Thomas it will sweep away every dollar he has
for the support of his family; and although he
is prepared to relieve his indorsers as far as
his private means will go, I think, sir, it is a
very hard case, and that it is only just and
equitable he should be relieved from the
unfortunate position in which he has been
placed by the defalcation of this officer.
I have said this much in justice to Mr.
Thomas.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the House will
hear the report read.
There was no objection; and tho Clerk read
as follows:
The Committee of Ways and Means, to whom was
referred the petition and accompanying papers of
John L. Thomas, jr.. collector of the port of Balti-
more, for relief, beg leave to report:
On the 1st of May, 18G9, John L. Thomas, jr., was
appointed collector of customs for the port of Balti-
more, and entered upon the dutiesof his office. On
his taking charge of his office he found one Richard
N. Bowerman acting as special deputy collector, and
who, as such, had general supervision of the custom-
house. This man, Bowerman, had been appointed
by Mr. Thomas's predecessor, and had held the office
for some four years prior to Mr. Thomas's coming
into office.
As soon as the collector had opportunity to dis-
cover the workings of the system at thattime pre-
vailing at said port (the collector acting in tho du-
plex capacity of collector and designated deposit-
ary) he became satisfied that it was defective and
liable to great abuse; and setting himself to work
to correct the same, he addressed to the Secretary
of the Treasury the following communication:
Treasury Department,
Office of tiie Secretary, March 26,1870.
Sir: During the last year my attention Jias been
frequently called to tho fact that the business of
Baltimove was rapidly increasing, and that the neces-
sity existed for the establishment of the office of
Assistant Treasurer there as an independent office.
At present the public moneys are deposited with the
collector, who holds and disburses the same.
I inclose a copy of a letter received ftom the col-
lector of that port, in which he sets forth the rea-
sons for establishing the office of Assistant Treasurer.
Accompanying this is a statement ot the receipts
and payments by him during the fiscal year ending
June 30.1869. , , 4 •
I concur in the views presented by the collector,
and respectfully recommend the establishment ot
the office of Assistant Treasurer at Baltimore. Should
this recommendation meet the approval ot the com-
mittee to which it may be referred, the Department ,
will, if desired, furnish a draft of a bill. ;
I am. very respectfully, Arc.. _ ;
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary. |
Hon. James G. Blaine. " . ;
Speaker House of Representatives. .
Custom-Hottse, Baltimore,
Collector's Office, March 9,1st0,
My Dear Sir : Soon after the assembling of Con-
gress, in December last, I wrote you an. official let-
ter, calling your attention to the want of an Assistant
Treasurer at this port, and requesting you to ask
Congress for the establishment of such an office.
Nothing as yet has been done in the matter; and I
again desire to call your attention to the same, in the
hope that it may not be overlooked, I consider it of
great importance that something should be dons in
this direction. It is utterly impossible for me to act
in the double capacity of collector of customs and
United States depositary, as both of them cannot
receive my personal attention.
The business of this port has increased so rapidly
that it is as much as one man can do to attend to the
duties of collector faithfully, and I do not think it is
right that the Government should compel me to act
in a twofold capacity.
The responsibility of beitfg the United States de-
positary is a heavy one, and ought to have the undi-
vided attention of one person as its chief. This can-
not be done when, at the same time, you arc com-
pelled to watch the vast business of the custom-house.
Boston, New York, Philadelphia, New Orleans,
San Francisco, and St. Louis, have each of them an
Assistant Treasurer, and the collectors of these ports
can «ive their undivided time to the legitimate busi-
ness of their offices.
I think Baltimore ought not to be made an excep-
tion, and the increased duties on imports, together
with the amount paid each year on interest of the
public debt, show that she is entitled to this consid-
eration.
I hope, therefore, my dear sir, you will ask Con-
gress to pass a law authorizing you to appoint an
Assistant Treasurer at this port.
I am, sir, very respectfully, yonr obedient servant,
JOHN L. THOMAS, jr.. Collector.
Hon. Geo. S. Boutwell, Secretary of the Treasury.
The result of this was that on the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury an act was passed
establishing the office of Assistani Treasurer tor the
port of Baltimore.
In transferring the accounts from the collector
to the Assistant Treasurer, whose office was thus
created, and while balancing the bank books of the
late depositary with the check books at the collect-
or's office, it was discovered that the deputy collector,
Bowerman, had, foe a series of years, extending
back into the administration of Mr. Thomas's prede-
cessor, purloined large suras of money, ot which ho
made no report and which he had appropriated to
his own uses. It was also discovered that Bovver- .
man had used a great deal of the money thus pur-
loined in covering up his illegal transactions under
Mr. Thomas's predecessor.
Investigation was immediately set on foot by the
collector, and also by the Treasury Department, and
the matter was brought to the attention of the grand
jury of the United States district court for the Mary-
land district; and theee facts, in great length of de-
tail, appeared upon these investigations:
The full amountpurloined by .Bowerman has been
ascertained, and as appears from the report of O. I>.
Madge,, the chief of the special agent bureau of
the Treasury Department, amounts to the sum of
§27,540 25. Of this amount $4,729 was received by
Thomas J. Wilson, late deputy collector, and never
deposited by him to the credit of the United States.
By order of the Treasury Department suit has been
brought to recover back about ten thousand dollars
of the moneys purloined by Bowerman, and which
will, in all probability, be recovered. Both Bower-
man and Wilson have been indicted by the grand
jury of the United States court, and are now await-
ing trial.
The Secretary of the Treasury appeared before tho
committee and expressed the opinion that the col-
lector was not only not in complicity with these
transactions, but that he was guilty of no dereliction
of duty, or any want of cfue attention to have pre-
vented them. Indeed, the committee are satisfied,
from their very nature, and the opportunities the
deputy collector had for perpetrating these offenses,
and the excellent character he bore, and the degreo
of confidence universally reposed in him as an offi-
cer, it would have been impossible to have detected
them for years had not the change in the systrm
been effected by the passage of the act to provide
for the appointment of an Assistant Treasurer at
Baltimore, approved Juno 15,1870.
Mr.O. D. Madge says in his report to the Secretary
of the Treasury:
. "That in the investigations necessary to develop
these fraudulent transactions there is nothing that
in the slightest degree reflects on Collector Thomas,
nor to show that it was the result of any neglect of
duty on his part."
He also states " that Mr. Thomas, in addition to nis
duties as collector, was at the time the designated
United States depositary, and, so far as his divided
attention between the two important offices would
permit, established, from time to time, such regu-
lations as seemed to be necessary to correct all irreg-
ularities and defects in the manner of conducting
the custom-house business, and instituted many
reforms materially benefiting the revenue."
He further states " that thy lack of a general sys-
tem of proper cheeks upon the actions of all sub-
ordinates was wanting, and that it does not appear
that such a system everexisted at that port."
Special Agent Morris says in his report:
"That from the manner in which the books and
accounts of the office had been kept for years, it wu3
almost impossible to have discovered the defalca-
tion sooner, and that he knew of the etforts made by
the collector from time to time to simplify the modo
of keeping the accounts."
Archibald Stirling, jr., theLmted States district
attorney of Maryland,says:
"That from his official investigation he fully
