784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
exonerates the collector from all blame, that Bow-
errnan was regarded as a faithful officer, and that a
strong public opinion was instrumental in his reten-
tion in office, and that his frauds were so disguised
and concealed that time alone could have discovered
them."
He further states:
"That ho traces the success of these frauds to a
want of a proper system of checks, which the exist-
ing laws are to blame for and not the collector."
The foreman of the grand jury whicUinvestigated
these eases states:
" That there was nothing to cast the leastimputa-
tion upon the honor and integrity of the collector,
that liowerman was looked upon as a model officer,
and that his retention by Mr. Thomas in office met
with universal approbation."
The committee are of the opinion that officers
charged with the custody of moneys are responsible,
not merely for ordinary diligence as much as a care-
ful man would give to his own business, but for
extraordinary diligence, diliyentia strictisfsima, and
should only be relieved in cases of loss, which, in the
naturo of things, it would have been impossible for
them to have prevented.
This class of cases has been beforo Congress on
various occasions, resulting in the following acts of
legislation, (see United States Statutes-at-Large:)
An act for the relief of Brevet Major James Bel-
ger, approved February 3,1857. (Vol. 11, p. 491.)
An act for the relief of James G. Benton, E. B.
Babbitt, and James Longstreet, approved June 1,
1858. (Vol. 11, p. 537.)
Ail act for the relief of Enoch B. Talcott, late
collector of customs at Oswogo, approved March
3,1859. (Vol. 11, p. 569.)
An act for the reliof'of J. B. Rittenhouse, fleet
paymaster of tho Pacific squadron, approved April
10, I860. (Vol, 14, p. 578.)
An act for the relief of John Hastings, late sur-
veyor and depositary nt Pittsburg, approved July
27,1860. (Vol. 14, p. 604.)
An act for tho relief of James Fulton, paymaster
United States Navy, approved March 2, 1867. (Vol.
14, p. 030.)
An act for tho relief of John Sedgwick, collector
of Internal revenue of the thir&collection district of
California, approved March 2, 1867. (Vol. 14, p. 644.)
An act for the relief-of James J. Iludnali, ap-
proved March 2,1867. (Vol. 14, p. 645.)
An act for the relief of Lieutenant Ulysses S.Grant,
approved June 17, 1862. (Vol 12, p. 905.)
An act for the relief of Gilbert B. Thornton, ap-
proved February 25,1863. ( Vol. 12. p. 921.)
Joint resolution for tho relief of James L. Hidgely,
collector of internal revenue, second district ol
Maryland, approved May 4,1870. (Second Session
Forty-First Congress.)
The committee arc satisfied from the proofs in the
case, written and oral, that the collector could not,
from the circumstances of this case, acting under the
system in operation when he entered tho office, havo
discovered or prevented the defalcation in this in-
stance. They therefore report the following joint
resolution, and recommcnd its passage.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Tennessee having charge of
this bill whether the Committee of Ways and
Means have in view the introduction of any
measure looking to reform in the checks upon
the collection of customs? In that connection
I wish to say a word. Some five or six years
ago a similar defalcation took place in the
Philadelphia custom-house, under the admin-
istration of General William B. Thomas, ap-
pointed collector of that port by President Lin-
coln. General Thomas was a man of wealth,
and rather than make application to Congress
for.relief, as well as for other reasons, he paid
some fifty or sixty thousand dollars himself.
Mr. O'NEILL. Let me ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to ask whether that
deputy collector was not appointed by General
Thomas himself.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
report being made?
Mr. RANDALL. I do not object to the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. At the instance of the
Committee of Ways and Means Congress passed
an act establishing an Assistant Treasurer at
Baltimore, which resulted in the exposure of
l his defalcation.
Mr, RANDALL. I am not reflecting in the
least upon the present bill. Unlike General
W. B. Thomas, at the port of Philadelphia, this
gentleman is utterly unable to pay this defal-
cation.
Mr. HOAR. I objectrto debate.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. BiarjAinx] withdraw his objec-
tion?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution is
not before the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will ask, then, that the
report and resolution be printed and recom-
mitted.
The SPEAKER. The motion of recom-
mittal cannot be put when the joint resolution
is not before the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask leave to report the
joint resolution, and to move that the report
be printed and recommitted.
There was no objection; 'and the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 471) for the relief of John
L. Thomas, jr., at present collector of customs
at Baltimore and late designated depositary,
was received, read a first and second time,
and, with the accompanying report, referred
back to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
order of business.
Several members called for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the morning hour begins, at
twenty-three minutes to one o'clock. Reports
of a private nature are in order from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
southern express company.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back the
bill (H. R. No. 2546) to incorporate the South-
ern Express Company.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I desire to
state that the Senate has passed a bill which
is precisely in the language of this bill, and I
wish to move 
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order,
whether this bill is of a private nature. It
appears to me to be essentially a public bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not
determine that question until the bill is read,
i Does the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
' man] object to the reading?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, after
which the point of order may be raised.
The bill was read. It provides that Henry
B. Plant, William B. Dinsmore, Samuel M.
Shoemaker, James Shuter, Henry Sanford,
John Hoey, J. 0. Babeock, Frederick Love-
joy, Alfred Gaither, W. B. Figures, Gurdon
H. Wilcox, Michael Hahn, John W. Affron,
and such other persons as may be associated
with them and their successors, are hereby cre-
ated and declared a body politic and corporate
in deed and law, by the name of the Southern
Express Company, and by that name shall have
succession, and are hereby invested with all the
powers, privileges, and immunities necessary to
carry into effect the purposes of this act as herein
set forth. Tho second section provides that
the said corporation is hereby authorized and
empowered to engage in the express forward-
ing business, and to do all acts and things per-
taining thereto. The third section provides
that the corporation hereby created shall be
located in the city of Washington, and District
of Columbia, and shall be subject to taxation
only upon the reasonable and just value of such
property as the said corporation may actually
have, hold, and possess in its own right. The
fourth section provides that the said corpora-
tion shall be bound at all times, and whenever
thereunto required, to forward the moneys,
bonds, coin, and other valuables or other prop-
erty belonging to the Gbvernment of the Uni-
ted States, or any of the Departments thereof,
upon the several lines of transportation em-
ployed by the said corporation, and shall always
give to the property of said Government the
preference as far as practicable over that of
any individual or corporate bodyin case when,
from excessive quantity, all cannot be for-
warded at the same time. The fifth section pro-
vides that the capital stock of the said cor-
poration shall consist of ten thousand shares of
$100 each, with the right to increase the same
to an amount not to exceed fifty thousand
shares, which shares shall be paid in full in
lawful money, or in property at its cash value
owned by the corporators, and necessary for
the use of the company, and all increase of
the capital stock of the company shall be
paid in lawful money, or from the profits of
the company. The sixth section provides
that Henry B. Plant, William B. Dinsmore,
and Samuel M. Shoemaker, or either two of
them, shall, within three months from the
time of the passage of this act, give notice of
a meeting of the corporators, to beheld in the
city of Washington for the purpose of organ-
izing the company and electing its officers,
which notice shall be mailed to the address of
each corporator at least fifteen days before the
time of said meeting, and within sixty days of
the time of the organization of the company.
The president and secretary shall make a cer-
tificate which shall show the fact that the com-
pany is duly organized, and the amount of its
capital, and cause the same to be published at
least one week in two daily papers published
in the city of Washington. The seventh sec-
tion provides that the officers of the said cor-
poration shall comprise a president, vice presi-
dent, secretary, and board of directors, com-
posed of not less than three nor more than
twelve members, each of whom shall be a
stockholder in the said corporation, and who
shall be elected annually and shall hold until
their successors are duly qualified, not exceed-
ing six months after the expiration of the year
for which they were elected; and the said cor-
poration shall have full power and authority to
adopt such rules, by-laws, and regulations for
its own government as may not be inconsistent
with the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and the laws applicable to common
carriers, and the laws ol any State in which it
shall do business, and the same from time to
time to alter and amend. The eighth section
provides that Congress hereby reserves the
right to determine the rates above which the
company shall not charge for transportation
and for insurance, and to alter, repeal, or
amend this act at pleasure. The ninth section
provides that said corporation shall be capa-
ble of suing and being sued, plead and be im-
pleaded, in aify court of the United States ;
and all stockholders shall be held individually
liable for any debts or liabilities of the corpor-
ation to an amount equal to the stock owned
by them respectively in said corporation. The
tenth section provides that the franchise here-
inbefore granted shall continue for twenty
years, and no longer; and nothing in this act
contained shall be held to exempt the prop-
erty of said corporation from taxation under
the laws of the respective States wherein the
same shall exist or shall do business.
The SPEAKER. To what portion of the
bill does the point of order of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] apply?
Mr. HOLMAN. It applies to the general
provisions of the bill, which, I submit, make
it a public and not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule in regard to the distinction between
public and private bills from the Manual,
page 167.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The line of distinction between public and pri-
vate bills is so difficult to be defined m many case-"
that it must rest on tho opinion of tho Speaker and
the details of tho bill. It has been the practice in
Parliament, and also in Congress, to consider as
private such as aio 'for the interest of individuals,
public companies or corporations, a parish, city, or
county, or other locality.' To be a private bill it
must not be general in its enactments, but for the
particular interest orbeneiitof a person orpersons."
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
this is not a public bill, being for the interest
of a public company or corporation.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. As I was
about to state when the point of order was
raised, the Senate has passed a bill in the pre-
cise language of this one, and it now lies on
the Speaker's table. I wish to substitute the
Senate bill for this one, so as to save the neces-
sity of sending the bill back to the Senate.
