176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 I 
[February 15,
Ho. ©b Reps.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Stiles.
41st Cong.,..3d Sess.
subsidy, a northern branch, while refusing to
renew a grant to a branch which is a direet
eastern extension of the road to a connection
with the railroads of the South.
In conclusion, I wish to state that the rea-
son given for striking out the gauge of the
roads deceive no one. It is too transparent.
We all know the gauge of the northern roads
is the narrow or four foot eight and a half inch
gauge, which is also the gauge of the Cairo and
Fulton railroad, which is to be the main north-
eastern branch of this road; while every road,
with a solitary exception, south of the Ohio
and Potomac rivers, has a five-foot gauge, to
change which will cost the impoverished rail-
roads of the South,' loaded now with debt as
they are, at least $70,000,000. Now, we will
take this bill, poor as it ia, for it is plain that
it is the best we can get; but I do not propose
that you, gentlemen of the North, who have in
your magnanimity given us this apology for a
bill, shall take to yourselves 'any credit for
doing as you have done in the interests of the
South. It is clearly in the interests of north-
ern corporations and intended to be a feeder
to them, to the disadvantage, as far as possi-
ble, of the roads south of the Ohio and east
of the Mississippi.
Congressional Election Law.
SPEECH OF HONTJOI-IN D. STILES,
of pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
February 15, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill (H.
R. No. 2634) to amend an aet approved May 31,1870,
entitled "An aot to enforce the right of citizens of
the United States tovotein the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes "—
Mr. STILES said:
Mr. Speaker : Some of us on this side of the
House remember the debate at the last session
on the bill proposed to be amended by this act.
We then believed, and said to the House and
the country, thattbe bill conferred unwarranted
powers upon the Federal Government; that it
was an attempt to interfere with the freedom
of elections. To meet our objections, and to
quiet the public mind as to the purposes of the
measure, Judge Davis, then a member of the
Judiciary Committee, not now a member of
this House, in defense of the bill said, " It
undertakes to preserve the rights of man, and to
infringe upon the rights of no man." And the
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Bingham,]
with his usual eloquence, exclaimed, "Let
the people speak by the ballot unawed ; let
them exercise their equal right to the ballot,"
&c. Such were declared to be the purposes
of the bill, and every Radical member of this
House voted for it, I then regarded it as the
most important, the most dangerous bill that
was ever placed upon the statute-book ; and
in the discussions upon it I said:
"Never before did the Radical party venture upon
so bold an act to subvert the rights of the States."
It was an attempt, disguised to some extent,
to interfere by congressional enactment with
elections, to place in the hands of the Presi-
dent the Army and Navy of the United States
to be used at the beck and bidding of some
miserable tyrannical deputy marshal on some
pretense to control the elections in all the
States of the Union. The framers of that bill
intended to exercise a jurisdiction over the
States unwarrantable and wholly unnecessary
by the condition of affairs at the time it became
a law. It should have been our policy to have
peace at the elections. The presence of sol-
diers at the polls was not a thing unknown to
the people. They had been used during the
war to carry elections, and discontent as to
these outrages came up here from more than
one of the States, North and South.
Sir, the law of May last, which this iniqui-
tous amendment adds to, greatly and seriously
changing its provisions, was the authority
under which United States soldiers were quar-
tered in a number of the southern States, and
in some of the northern States, on the day
of elections. In North Carolina and Georgia
and other southern States it is charged that
the people were overawed and overpowered by
military power. In the State I have the honor
in part to represent Federal troops sent from
distant posts were quartered in Philadelphia
without the knowledge or consent of either the
State or municipal authorities. Sir, the Rad-
ical Governor of Pennsylvania felt that his
State had been disgraced and her gallant, law-
abiding citizens humbled and dishonored. He
had been a gallant officer in the Army for the
protection of our flag and defending our honor
in a foreign war, and in the late unhappy strug-
gle he was in many a contest, and was at
Gettysburg on the soil of his own State defend-
ing more bravely than ever the integrity and
honor of our people from the rebel invader.
Governor Geary, in his annual message to
the Legislature last month, echoing and re-
echoing the sentiments of all classes of our
people, called the attention of the country to
the alarming usurpations of the Federal Gov-
ernment over a sovereign State. I send to the
Clerk's desk to have read a portion of that
message.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The employment of United States troops at elec-
tions, without the consent of the local and State
governments, has recently received considerable
attention and reprehension. It is regarded as an
interference with the sovereign rights of the States,
which was not contemplated by the founders of the
General Government, and, if persisted in, must lead
to results disastrous to peace and harmony. The
practice is ono so serious in its character and so in-
jurious in its tendencies as to merit prompt consid-
eration and decisive action, not only by tlie General
Assembly, but by Congress. One of the complaints
of the colonists against the iiritish king was the
oppression growing out of the assumption of this
power. They said, 'he has kept among us in times
of peace standing armies, without the consent of
our Legislature;' and, what is especially pertinent
to the ease in point, 'he ha-s affected to render the
military independent of and superior to the civil
power.' The alleged authority for the use of troops
at our State elections is derived from the tenth sec-
tion of an act of Congress, approved May 31, 1870.
entitled 'An act to enforce the right of citizens of
the United States to vote in the several States ot the
Union,and for other purposes,' which authorizes Uni-
ted States marshals to call to their assistance 'such
portion of the land and naval forces of the United
States, or of the militia, as may be necessary to the
performance of the duty with which they are charged,
and to insure a faithtul observance of the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution ot theUmted States.'
But it must be a forced construction of this law that
will justify the presence of armed national forces at
our places of election when no necessity exists there-
for, and -where their presence is calculated to pro-
voke collision. With a good President, the exercise
of the power referred to might have no injurious
results; but in the hands of a bad man, governed
by personal ambition, it might provo exceedingly
calamitous. Unconsciously a good President might
be induced to employ it wrongfully; abadone would
bo almost oertain to use it for his own advancement.
Under any circumstances, in my opinion, itis unsafe,
and antagonistic to the principles that should gov-
ern our republican institutions.
"At the last October election United States troops
were stationed in Philadelphia for tho avowed pur-
pose of enforcing the election laws. This was done
without tho consent or even the knowledge of the
civil authorities of either the eity or the State, and
without any expressed desire on the part of the citi-
zens ; and, as far as can be ascertained, without exist-
ing necessity. Prom a conscientious conviction of
its importance, X have called your attention to this
subject. A neglect to havedone so might have been
construed as an indorsement of ameasure that meets
my unqualified disapproval. The civil authorities
of Pennsylvania have always been, and are still,
competent to protect its citizens in the exercise of
their elective franchise, and tho proper and only
time for United States military forces to intervene
will be when the power of the Commonwealth is
exhausted and their aid is lawfully required."
Mr._ STILES. This is the language, sir, of
a Radical, but an independent executive officer
of a great Commonwealth in his official char-
acter. What a commentary upon the speech
of the gentleman who to-day seeks to enlarge
the powers of the President and his military
satraps by this amendment 1 What a rebuke
from a Radical Governor to this Congress !
The Governor of New York, too, adds the
voice of that great State against military in-
terference in the elections of that State. In
the city of New York soldiers were stationed,
marshals, armed with the arms of the United
States, paraded the streets in multitudes, ships
of war were anchored in the harbor of New
York ; and it was feared in a conflict between
the legal authority of the State and city and
the usurped authority, the military, there would
be a fearful loss of' property and large sac-
rifices of human life. It was only the de-
termined spirit of Governor Hoffman that
prevented both.
Mr. Speaker, the two great States of this
Union have spoken against this most outrage-
ous attempt to control and corrupt the ballot-
box. Wheneverand whereverthe people have
been denied the elective franchise and the
ballot, so dear to them and so formidable in
their hands against abuses of power, they have
always rebuked the man and the party that
dared to take away one jot of that inalienable
right.
You now by this bill propose to enlarge
your jurisdiction over the States, and to estab-
lish another bureau, an election bureau. It
contains more than twenty pages, and makes
it the duty of the judges of the United States
courts to appoint two supervisors of elections
in cities and towns of over twenty thousand
inhabitants for every election precinct and
district, giving them complete control over
the registration of voters and the elections. I
have time only to refer to one or two sections.
Section six provides—
That the better to enable the said supervisors of
elections to discharge their duties, they are, and
each of them is, hereby authorized ;rnd directed, in
their or his respective election districts or voting
precincts, on the day or days of registration, on the
day or days when registered voters may be marked
to be challenged, and on the day or days of election,
to take, occupy, and remain in such position &r posi-
tions, from time to time, whether before or behind
the ballot-boxes, as will, in their judgment, best
enable them or him to see each person offering him-
self for registration or offering to vote, and as will
best conduce to their or his scrutinizing the manner
in which the registration or voting is being con-
ducted; and at the closing of the polls for the recep-
tion of votes they are, and each of them is, hereby
required to place themselves or himself in such posi-
tion in relation to the ballot-boxes for the purpose
of engaging in the work of canvassing the ballots in
said boxes contained as "will enable them or him to
fully perform tho duties in respect to such canvass
provided in this act, and shall there remain until
every duty in respect to such canvass, certificates,
returns, and statements shall have been wholly com-
pleted, any law of any State or Territory to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Other sections of the bill compel the super-
visors to "guard and scrutinize" the registra-
tion and the manner of conducting the elec-
tions.
Sections eight and nine give the power to
the deputy marshals to arrest voters, with or
without process, for alleged violations of the
law of Congress, and they are to be tried be-
fore United States courts and commissioners.
Thus the whole control of elections is taken
from the States and placed in the hands of
supervisors, an officer heretofore unknown.
These supervisors can call upon the marshals
of the United States, who have unlimited
authority to appoint deputies, to aid the super-
visors in guarding and scrutinizing the voters
and the ballots.
The tenth and fourteenth sections of the
act of May to which this is a supplement are
not repealed by this bill. Under those sec-
tions you give to the marshals and President
the control of the military to carry out the
provisions of these laws.
Sir, I cannot enter into all the details of
the bill as I would like to do. But it cannot
fail to be read by the whole country. It is
attracting attention from these galleries ; and
