1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
w
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Texas Pacific Railroad—Mr. Wliitmore.
Ho. of Reps.
as it effects the rights of all elasses it will
not fail to attract the attention its import-
ance demands. I consider it more dangerous
than all of your legislation in the forms of
reconstruction. Honestly or dishonestly exe-
cuted it will cause more alarm and discontent
than all of your other unconstitutional and
arbitrary legislation.
You will giye the President and the officers
created directly by him the power to control
by force the popular elections all over the
country. The first election under this act will
be next year, when a President, Vice Presi-
dent, and members of this House are to be
chosen. You place in the hands of a military
chieftain, now occupying the Presidency, and
who is seeking a reelection, the sword and
bayonet, who can wield it with despotic will
for (lis ambitious purposes, lie is now seek-
ing, in the dispensation of his patronage, to
silence the opposition in his party; and when
the time comes to strike for a new lease of
power he will use all the means placed within
his control. Grive to anyone, with or without
fame, who has ambition, the powers conferred
by this bill, and with an unscrupulous party
behind him, it will require such stern resist-
ance as becomes a patriotic people against
these encroachments upon their reserved
rights. The love of power, the love of fame,
the thirst for renown, the grasping spirit—
"Howe'ar concealed by art
Reigns more or less in every human heart."
And in him who now sits "at the other end
of the avenue" this truth is more than ever
exemplified.
Sir, we should add nothing to the powers
already conferred upon the executive depart-
ment of this country; certainly none such as
are here given, without limitation or restraint.
The time is coming when such legislation will
receive the just condemnation of the people.
I know how patient we have been, and how
we have yielded obedience to the demands of
power. 1 know the restless and aggressive
spirit that prompts the enactment of such a
law as this. The power conferred upon you is
fast, rapidly passing from your hands. In a
few more days a hundred conservative men
will fill these seats. Steadily and certainly
the power wielded by an unscrupulous party
will pass from you, and this is the last struggle
to hold your waning, sinking fortunes. Hur-
riedly, in the lapsing days of this Congress,
castingabout for the hist plank, after you have
been repudiated and condemned, you seek to
hold on to that power you have so long abused
by blackening the records with the most in-
famous proposition ever ponceived.
.Will gentlemen on the other side tell us
where the power is given to Congress to re-
vise the registration of voters ? The States,
until now, it was always supposed had the
right to fix the qualification of voters. _ In all
ol the States we have election laws which the
States have enacted. No congressional inter-
ference with the manner of conducting elec-
tions until this Congress, in its wisdom, has
undertaken to throw in this fire-brand to in-
. vite the people to riot, bloodshed, and murder;
because, if the people were ever determined
upon the question of their political rights, it is
now. They have had enough of your interfer-
ence, too much of your arrogance, and in the
coming presidential election there must be no
trifling with the people.
These, sir, are perhaps the last words of
protest 1 shall ever utter in my place here.
And, protesting as I do in the name of a patri-
otic people who have honored me with a seat
in this House, I shall return to that people
feeling assured they will join me in demand-
ing that you shall not abridge the right of the
humblest citizen to cast his vote iu accord-
ance with his own judgment. The way to eiec-
tionsmustnot be surrounded with supervisors,
41st Coxg. 3d Sess.—No. 12.
marshals, or the military; and if such is the
intention of this partisan Congress and this
Administration, you haye timely notice here,
and the voice of State after State that these
constant attempts to interfere with the free-
dom of elections will neyer prevent the people
of this country from exercising the high priv-
ilege of American citizens in choosing their
public servants by the peaceful means of the
ballot.
Texas Pacific Ilaiiroad.
SPEECH OF HON. Q. W. WHITMOBE,
OF TEXAS,
Is the House of Eepresentatites,
February 21, 1871,
On the bill (S. No. 637) to incorporate the Texas
Pacific railroad, and to aid in the construction of
its road, and for other purposes.
Mr. WHITMORE. Mr. Speaker, of all the
States of this glorious Union Texas has been
the most unfortunate as regards railroads.
As long ago as 1853 she chartered numerous
roads, endowing them.with magnificent grants
of land, and lavished nearly three million dol-
lars of her specie school fund on them in order
that she might have rail communication speed-
ily to develop her great wealth. The railroad
fever ran high among the people at that time,
and they were told that with this aid from the
State the steam-horse would soon be speeding
over our great prairies, slaking his thirst at
the headwaters of our rivers, driving before
him the bloody Comanche and the hated
Kiowa, awakening from their quiet rest the
strange companions, the owl, prairie dog, and
the rattle-snake, infusing life aud energy in
our people, and bringing in its train a stream
of stalwart men whose brawny arms were to
make glad the heart with the sounds of hus-
bandry and whose cottages should dot our
waste places as the stars do the eternal heav-
ens. Eoutes were surveyed, maps and charts
were filed in our land office, as per the condi-
tions of the various charters. Laborers were
employed, and the work for a time went boldly
forward. B'rom early morn to dusky eye the
sound of the workmen was heard in prairie and
forest, and the people rejoiced. But, alas,
there came a killing frost, yea, a withering
blight, which nipped the bud of our growing
greatness and hurled us headlong into a cruel
war! Its fruits have been those of driving from
our country the abused and condemned system
of degraded slave labor, and of clothing all
with equal rights before the law and throw-
ing over all the broad mantle of suffrage and
citizenship, under the fifteenth constitutional
amendment. So good, great, and glorious are
the results as to be worth all the stream of
treasure it has cost the nation to bring them
£jbout. Yet with us a decade of years has
rolled away, and the stage-coach and the
ox-wagon are our only means of travel, and
our products find their way to market drawn
steadily on by the patient and faithful ox.
The headwaters of our rivers are drank
only by the wild deer, buffalo, and red man.
The strange companions of the prairies slum-
ber quietly in their homes, and the many cab-
ins which were to spring up as by hand of
magic are among the mythical things of the
age. The richest cotton and grain growing
regions of our Stake, instead ot pouring into
the markets of the world vast products, are
producing only grass and herbs for flocks and
herds to feed upon. Sir, our people have long
hoped for the coming of better and brighter
dajs, when they would no longer be shut out
from their fellow-man and the great marts ol
the world; and these hopes have been so long
deferred that their hearts have grown sick.
Our people want railroads; and they believe
that capitalists of energy and means will at
once take hold of them and build them if
Congress will assist them as they have other
roads under like circumstances; and, as we
are now one of the family of the Union, we
have no fears on that question. This feeling
among the people of eastern and northern
Texas is universal. The white and the black,
the rich and the poor, the Republican and the
Democrat, all meet upon this common ground,
and ask that this great work shall go forward.
Mr. Speaker, much has been said on thisfloor
of the great Northwest; its mineral wealth,
its grazing lands, its vast forests, and in short,
its advantages for all the industrial pursuits
of man; and that the great (Grenius who is to
pay the national deht lies slumbering there.
Let us examine the country through which this
road is to pass, and see if his huge proportions
are not basking in the rays of a southern sun.
This road enters the State at or near Waskumo
station, in Harrison county, from which point
it is in good running order to Longview, some
fifty miles west, which carries it near the
Sabine river. This road passes through dense
forests of pine, oak, hickory, and black-jack,
and much of the way over a solid bed of iron
ore which yields from forty to sixty per cent,
pure metal.
This main line, beginning west of the Mis-
sissippi at Vieksburg, passes due west through
Monroe, Shreveport, Marshall, and to Halls-
ville, near the thirty-second parallel; thence
on a straight line to Tyler and Porter's Bluff,
on the Trinity river, after passing Henderson
aud Yanzandt counties. Along this line we
enter the prairies of northeastern Texas, which
are unsurpassed in richness of soil by any lands
on the continent. Here lies a vast extent of
country, extending from the eastern to the
western boundary of the State, almost eight
hundred miles in length and two hundred
miles in width, aa area of one hundred and
sixty thousand square miles, or 102,400,000
acres, adapted to the growing of wheat,
rye, barley, oats, corn, hemp, and tobacco,
and the best cotton region in the world.
There the great staple can be produced in
quantities of from five to eight hundred pounds
per acre. Of this 102,400,000 acres of land
there is not less than eight tenths adapted to
cultivation, or 81,920,000 acres. Supposing
those lands were all cultivated, and three
fourths were planted in cotton, (which is a
fair estimate,) we would have at an average
five hundred pounds per acre as the annual
product of that staple alone. At the present
rates this would bring to our coffers §6,758,-
400,000 per annum, or a sum three times that
of the whole national debt. Now, sir, we find
that the total gold and silver product for the
year ending January 1, 1807, of the United
States, States and Territories, to be as follows,
to wit:
California   
Nev&dti        20,000,000
Montana  12.000,000
Idaho  G,000,000
Washington 
Oregon   2,000,000
coiSmdo.:..:.:..:.... ^H00
New Mexico    l,OUu,0w
To.ooo.ooy
Add to this bullion derived from unknown
sources, unaccounted for by assessors and
express companies 
875,000,00'-)
From these figures it will readily be seen
that it would take just ninety years for all Uim,
gold and silver mines of the country now being
worked to produce an amount equal to the
cotton crop of this region for a single year.
The total amount of gold and silver pro-
duced in the United States from 1848 to July
1, 1867, as nearly as can be ascertained, is
§1,255,000,000, or less than one fifth of the
money value of a single crop of cotton that
