1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1611
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For facilitating communication between the At-
lantic and Pacific States by electric telegraph, §40,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by adding
the following proviso to the clause just read:
Providefl. That no part of this amount shall be
paid to any company which shall refuse or neglect
to perform telegraphic service for the Government
of the United States, in accordance with the pro-
visions of an act entitled "An act to aid in the con-
struction of telegraphic lines and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes," approved July 24,1866.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask from the chair-
man of the committee an explanation of the
pending clause. I find in the deficiency bill
passed yesterday an item in precisely the
mine language. I desire to know why the
item is repeated in this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I will tell the gentleman.
When the Western Union Telegraph Company
was chartered to build the telegraph line to
California there was a contract that the Gov-
ernment would pay the company §40,000 a
year for, I believe, ten years for Government
telegraphing. Last year the appropriation for
this purpose was by accident omitted in the
estimates and not included in the regular
appropriation bill; hence, the appropriation
for the present fiscal year was included in the
deficiency bill which was passed yesterday.
The appropriation in the pending bill is for
the next year, which I will add is the last year
of the contract.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For fuel, lights, and water for public buildings
under the control of the '.treasury Department,
$225,000.
Mr. POX. I move to amend the clause just
read by striking out the word "fuel." In the
city of New lork the poor people are now
freezing almost to death for want of fuel.
This is caused by the legislation of the Repub-
lican party in this House. I do not see the
necessity for making this enormous expendi-
ture for the purpose of toasting the shins of
Government employes in this city, friends of
the Republican party in this House. Hence
move this amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the indulgence of the
House to allow me to go back to add after
liie clause in lines one hundred and seventeeu
to one hundred and nineteen, relating to ex-
penses for engraving, printing, and issuing
national currency, the following:
And the certificates of indebtedness of the United
States issued under the actof July8,18i0. shall be
considered as clue and payable upon the same terms
as the remainder oi the public debt.
Mr. MOREY. Will the gentleman give us
some explanation of this provision?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection to allowing the gentleman irom Massa-
chusetts to offer an amendment to a part of
the bill which has been passed?
Mr. GUISWOLD. I reserve the right to
object until I hear the gentleman's explana-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. It will be recollected that
last year an act was passed refunding to the
States of Massachusetts and Maine certain war
debts of 181*2 by the issue of certificates of
indebtedness; but in consequence of an over-
sight it was not provided when and how those
certificates should be paid. I ask the Clerk to
read a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on this subject.
The Clerk rend as follows:
Tubasury Dkpartment,
Washington', 1J. 0., January 21, Ik'l.
Sir: I have to invite yours-tUMition t<> a provision j
emit uined in the art <>f .J ul\ 8, ISi•>, Statute-:, l.'<. !
1U8.) providing for rcfumliuj? intevett paiu by tae I.
State of Massachusetts on money expended by her on
account of the war 1812.
After directing the issue of certain certificates of
indebtedness the first section provides:
"Each certificate to run five years from its date,
to draw interest, payable semi-annually, at the rate
of four per cent, per annum, and to be payable, both
principal and interest, in lawful money of the United
States, to be hereafter appropriated and provided for
by Congress."
These certificates have been is3tved in conformity
with the act. and the first coupons thereon fall due
on the 1st of March next. It will be necessary, in
order to provide for their payment, that an appro-
priation bemade.orthat the clause " to be hereafter
appropriated and provided for by Congress " be re-
pealed. Andlwould sugge3tthat the following form
of a section be introduced as an amendment to some
one of the appropriation bills:
"And the certificates of indebtedness of the United
States issued under the act of July 8, 1870, shall be
considered as due and payable upon the same terms
as the remainder of the public debt."
With thisprovision of law. there is ample author-
ity to pay the principal and interest of these certifi-
cates on maturity without a specific appropriation.
Very respectfully,
GEOEGE- S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. H. L. Dawes, Chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, Home of Representatives.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. The legal
effect of that will be to direct the payment in
gold.
Mr. DAWES. Not in the slightest. I have
no idea such as that. If it admitted of any
such construction I would change the phrase-
ology.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I object, and insist on
my objection.
The Clerk read as follows :
For photographing, engraving, and printing plans
of public buildings under the.coutrol of the Treasury
Department, 810,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As we have made
appropriations for these purposes already I do
not see the necessity of doubling these appro-
priations. Why should we appropriate $10,000
for the purpose of making these photographic
pictures? We have provided for paying every-
body who is engaged in making these pictures
by the bill which passed this House some time
ago. There is a photographic establishment
kept up in the Treasury Department at the
Government expense, and I do not see why
we should also pay for the making of these
pictures. I therefore move to strike out this
appropriation of $10,000 for extra pictures.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
41, noes 82.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To pay the State of Massachusetts the amount
found due on the report of the commissioners ap-
pointed in pursuance of the joint resolution of Con-
gress, approved July 26. 1866, for coast defenses,
$230,100. without interest thereon, the same to be
received in full for all claim on the United States
for expenses incurred by said State, under direction
of the Government of the United States, found due
under said commission.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
that out for the sake of hearing something
about it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point of
order that it is not in order to this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point of
order will be reserved.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker^ I will state
how this comes into the bill. The indebted-
ness of the United States to the State of Mas-
sachusetts was for expenses incurred under the
direction and advice of the Secretary of State
from 1861 to 1862 and 1863. By a joint reso-
lution of Congress the subject was referred to
a commission appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to hear and adjust it; and they heard and
adjusted it and reported this sum to be due.
The report was submitted to Congress and
referred to the Committee of Claims of this
House. The Committee of Claims of this
House reported it unanimously, and the House
referred it to the Committee on Appropriations
for approval, and they put it into this bill.
That is how the appropriation came into this
bill. . . ,
Mr SARGENT. On the question of (act
1 should like to say a few words. This appro-
priation follows the recommendation of the
commission appointed under the legislation
of Congress to examine and report on this
matter. That commission deducted certain
claims and made and settled the balance. It
is that balance we propose to pay, as reported
by a commission sitting under the orders of
Congress and appointed and confirmed regu-
larly. That report has been examined by two
committees of this House and recommended
by them both unanimously to be concurred in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Under whose author-
ity was this expense incurred ?
Mr. SARGENT. The original authority
was the call made by the Government of the
United States through Mr. Seward, Secretary
of State, at the time when there was danger
of invasion by rebel cruisers as well as by
foreign Powers on our coasts. The Govern-
ment of the United States, seeing the necessity
of some extraordinary means to be taken iu
such a state of affairs, addressed, through the
Secretary of State, a communication to the
Governor of Massachusetts—I presume a like
communication was sent to the Governors of
other coast States—requesting that necessary
preparation be made by the State for the
defense of Boston and other places in Massa-
chusetts, pledging that the Government would
pay the expense. The Governor of Massa-
chusetts communicated with the Legislature
on the subject, and laid before it the letter of
the Secretary of State. An appropriation of
$1,000,000 was made by the Legislature ; but -
of that amount only four or five hundred thou-
sand dollars were expended. A portion was
expended in the purchase of sites, and that
was deducted by this commission as well as
money realized from property sold, and the
amount charged for interest. And now, the
Appropriation Co.mmittee refuses by this pro-
vision of the bill to allow even interest on the
liquidated and ascertained balance at that time
due and ever since unpaid. The Committee
of Claims of this House in passing upon the
matter say that after a rigid examination they
believe that the money was economically spent,
and that the commission cut down the account
as low as it could possibly be done with any
justice in the circumstances.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman state
what was the character of the expenditures ?
Mr. SARGENT. The expenditure was for
ordnance and building fortifications at ex-
posed points—generally that kind of service
which was done by the United States for other
places, and done so far as it could in the State
of Massachusetts itself, I suppose. The Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts acted as an auxiliary
of the General Government in taking charge
of that part of the coast and preparing to resist
invasion.
Mr. WELKER. Was there any expenditure
for troops?
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir. There was no
pay for troops whatever.
Mr. BURR. Were the accounts in gold or
lawful money?
Mr. SARGENT. In lawful money, although
the money spent by the State of Massachusetts
for these purposes at that time was probably
about the value of lawful money now. It was
at an early stage in the rebellion when the
money had not much depreciated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] has slurred over
this thing 
Mr. SARGENT. I have not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH.^ And has given a
very different representation of the case from
what is presented in the joint resolution and
report of the commissioners. In 1866 Con-
gress passed the following joint resolution :
A resolution providing for the examination of the
accounts of the State ol Massachusetts lor moneys
expended during the war for ooast. defense.
Resolved hv the Senate and Home of Representative.*
of the United States of Auiei leu ill Conoi ess
That the President of the United (states be. ami be
