1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
785
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall have to object to
that.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Then I
move to put this bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce on its passage.
Mr. JDDD. I ask the gentleman from
Louisiana whether this is a corporation for
doing business in the District of Columbia?
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. The bill
provides that the domicile of the corporation
shall be in the District of Columbia, but it
may do business in any part of the United
States.
Mr. JUDD. I merely wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to the system we are here
called to enter upon at the expense of State
legislation and the expense of newly-formed
State constitutions. I desire, if the gentleman
will allow me, to say a few words.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I wish to
say a few words myself, and then I shall yield
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd.]
The object of this bill is to prevent the taxa-
tion of non-resident corporations or persons in
the southern States differently from what resi-
dents of those States arc taxed. Now, it hap-
pens to be a fact that in many of the States,
while their own citizens are taxed, say $250 a
year for a license, these companies are taxed,
as I am informed, $1,000 for a license. A rule
of taxation discriminating against non-resi-
dents prevails in various States, and the object
of giving this company a national charter is
to avoid that unjust discrimination.
I would inqnire now how long the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Judd] wishes?
Mr. JUDD. Just a few momeuts.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I yield for
three or five minutes to the gentleman.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, it is not because
of any opposition to this particular measure,
but of opposition to it as one of a class, that
I desire to call the attention of the House to
this kind of legislation. We are beginning
now, in variousbills that are pending before
Congresjs, to assume the power to create cor-
porations in competition with corporations
created in all the States of the Union for the
ordinary purposes of business. It is with me
a question, not of constitutional power, but
a question of expediency and propriety. It
raises the question whether the Congress of
the United States shall become a great reser-
voir for all kinds of corporations to do business
throughout the United States of America.
Now, Mr. Speaker, to call the attention of
the House to the extent and operation of this
class of legislation, I would say that we have
seen, in the State of Illinois for instance, the
evils of this incessant creation of corporations,
and our constitutional convention which re-
cently framed a, new constitution for the State
- has undertaken, in the organic law, to restrain
the creation of these various corporations. _ If
we assume in Congress to pass laws of this kind
we destroy the fundamental laws of the various
States restraining the creation of corporations
of this kind; we interfere with all the corpora-
tions now in existence, and we place the cor-
porations that we create beyond the control
and authority of the States inwhich they do
business. I do not refer particularly to the
bill of the gentleman from Louisiana; butthis
is one of a class of cases reaching all kinds of
business, and I desire to call the attention of
the House to this kind of legislation. If this
were a corporation that proposed to confine its
business to the District of Columbia it would
be another question; but it is a corporation
such as twenty years ago nobody would have
dreamed of asking Congress to create, extend-
ing all over this Union for the ordinary pur-
poses of business.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Will the gentleman from
Illinois state to the House whether he voted
for the air-line railroad bill or not?
Mr. JUDD. Yes, sir; I did.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Will he state the differ-
ence between that case and this?
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 50,
Mr. JUDD. That is a case of public neces-
sity. It is not for private interests, but for the
public convenience, as is within rny personal
knowledge. But I did not raise the question
of power to pass this act of incorporation. I
raised the question of the expediency of cre-
ating cqrporations for express companies and
banking companies not doing business or in-
tending to do business in the District of Colum-
bia, but to extend their business all over the
Union at the.expense of all the corporations
created under the State laws.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I now yield
five minutes to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I have not ex-
amined the bill before the House; but I have
heard this little discussion upon it, and I am
Satisfied that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Judd] has placed his grounds of objection to
it upon a foundation that cannot be shaken.
We have already chartered trust companies,
banking institutions, and other corporations,
which are overshadowing State institutions,
extending their branches into every portion
of the United States, and transacting business
upon the assumption that they, being incor-
porated by the Federal Government, have njore
capital, more substance, and are better entitled
to individual patronage than are other corpor-
ations.
Now, sir, beside the inexpediency and im-
propriety of this kind of legislation, I doubt
the constitutional power of Congress to create
institutions of this character, and when the gen-
tleman from Louisiana gives us his reason why
we should incorporate this express company,
that he desires to take this corporation from
out of the power of the States, so that the
States cannot tax their property, I say that it
is the strongest argument in the world why we
should not pass it and interfere with the rights
of the States to tax property for the support
of the State governments.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I am sure
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
does not wish to misrepresent me.
Mr. WOOD. Certainly not.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I stated
distinctly that I desire to deprive the States of
the power to tax the property of non-residents
on any different principle from that on which
the property of residents is taxed. That is
the design of this bill.
Mr. WOOD. If there is any design by this
bill to enable these individuals to avoid their
responsibilities to the States in which the com-
pany proposes to operate and transact its busi-
ness, that is an additional argument why we
should not pass this bill. State governments
are to be supported, and have their constitu-
tional rights.
For one I am opposed to this kind of legis-
lation. I am not in favor of opening the door
to applications for all kinds of schemes of
private individuals or corporations who come
to Congress and, for merely speculative pur-
poses, seek to be relieved from State author-
ity so that they may make money, backed by
Federal authority and Federal power. If we
go on in this way we will soon have no time
for the general legislation of the country, but
our whole time will be occupied in grinding
the axes of individuals and corporations of all
kinds, at the expense of the State govern-
ments and also at the expense of the Federal
Government.
Sir, from the very moment that we give the
authority of law, by the passage of this act, to
a proposition of this kind, the Federal Gov-
ernment will be bound to sustain the corpora-
tion ; and we do not know what claims rqay be
made upon us hereafter, growing out of this
very authority which we propose to give to this
Adam's Express Company. I am opposed to
this bill. Let these private enterprises be left
to individual enterprise. Let the States still
retain their constitutional right to govern all
local institutions of this character, institutions
which are purely local and speculative, and
have no connection, direct or indirect, with,
any interest of the Federal Government.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I propose
now to call the previous question.
Mr. KERR. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a few minutes.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Ifthepre-
vious question shall be seconded I will be
willing to allow some time for further discus-
sion. If it shall not be seconded, of course the
bill will be open to debate.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to aquestion of order
on this bill.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, (to Mr. Pot-
ter.) I think your point of order has already
been raised and overruled.
Mr. POTTER. I understand that the point
of order which I proposed to raise, that this
is not a private bill, has already been raised.
The SPEAKER. That point of order was
raised by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] and, under the rules, the Chair was
obliged to overrule it.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the previous question: and upon a division
there were—ayes 51, noes 62; no quorum
voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that this bill be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wiil appoint
tellers upon the question of seconding the
previous question, in order to ascertain the
presence of a quorum. The motion that the
bill be laid on the.table will bo regarded as
pending.
Tellers were accordingly ordered; and Mr.
Sheldox, of Louisiana, and Mr. Holman" were
appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 55, noes 79.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Holmast, that the bill be laid on the table.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I ask leave
to withdraw the bill.
Mr. POTTER. I object.
Mr. KERR. Has not the gentleman aright
to withdraw a bill he has reported?
The SPEAKER. The Digest says:
"A motion may be withdrawn at any time before
a decision or amendment; but not after tho previous
question has been seconded. It may, however, be
withdrawn while the House is dividing on a demand
for the previous question."
The Chair entertained the motion of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] that
the bill be laid on the table, and suspended
taking the question on it merely to ascertain
the presence of a quorum in the House.
The question was then taken on the motion
to lay the bill on the table; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 84, noes 45.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid oh the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
No farther reports of a private nature were
made from the Committee on Commerce.
john k. holland.
Mr. PETERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 1118,
for the relief of John R. Holland, and moved
that the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that the same be referred to the Committee
of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
MARY A. ELLIOTT.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 472) for the relief of Mary A. Elliott;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
