1612
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
is hereby, authorized and requested to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, two
commissioners, who shall examine into the claim of
the State of Massachusetts for moneys expended
for coast defense during the war, and shall make a
full and complete report thereon to Congress at its
next session.
Approved July 26,1866,
This commission of two persons was ap-
pointed to examine into the claims of Massa-
chusetts, and to report the facts at the next
session of Congress. They made the report
which I hold in my hand, the commencement
of which I will read in order to shov what
were the items on which this claim vraff founded.
Mr, _ GARFIELD^ of Ohiq. I understand
there is a point of order pending which is a
point of law. The gentleman is now proceed-
ing to deal with the fticts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have read the law.
That is all the law there is about it. That is
all the law there is to justify the patting of
this claim into the appropriation bill.
' Mr.SARGENT. The law is just as I stated it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The commission
does not recommend the payment of this sum.
They examined the accounts and struck the
balances, and they say:
The undersigned commissioners, appointed under
a resolution of Congress, approved July 26,1866, pro-
viding for the examination of the accounts of the
State of Massachusetts for moneys expended during
the war for coast defense, respectfully report:
That we have heard the proofs and allegations
.upon that subject, presented by Hon. Benjamin
J?'. Butler, of counsel for the State of Massachusetts,
and Brevet Major General James A. Hardie. on
behalf of the United States.
That the said elaim of Massachusetts, as presented
to this commission on the 21st day of February, 1867.
is as follows:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts claims of the
United States Government the several amounts set
below:
To amount as per exhibit A, to the 1st of January,
1864 :  $354,346 11
To Colonel Harrison Ritchie's account, for
use in Europe    10,000 00
To William S. Chase, for h^rbfepobstrup- --
tions    ... 90 Q0
TPutnam Mac hi no Company, and for
fortifications at New Bedford, Glouces-
ter, Maiblehead, Plymouth, and Prov-
incetown  46,268 05
Expenditures in the year 1866  2,936 12
Total .$413,640 2S
Errors and omissions excepted and interest to be
added.
Exhibit A, referred to in statement of claim.
Statement of expenditures made by Colonel Rit-
chie.
Printing bonds  SJ500 00
Mr. SARGENT. That was dis-
allowed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is
allowed.
Ilarbor obstructions    1,4-51 64
Telegraph to forts  9,700 00
Fortifications of Salem  4,646 93
Land for arsenal   4,983 40
21,280 97
Miscellaneous.
Ordnancc:
Guns, projectiles, and powder, bought
of United States Navy Ordnance
Bureau $12,440 16
Guns components, and projec-
tiles, bought in I3ngland  238,823 10
Putnam Machine Company  19,989 29
Proof of guns    4,577 29
Insurance  4,492 06
Freight, land carriage, han-
dling guns, &c  31,512 23
Commissions—Naylor, Benzon
& Co  1,402 81
Duties  26 97
Incidentals—Naylor,Benzon &
Co :   90 04
Engineering guns and car-
riages  2,330 39
Traveling expenses, $1,291 39,
$4,856 03  6,147 42
341,831 76
Credited by interest accrued
abroad  8,7(36 62
  333,065 14
Total expendituresto December 28,1864, $354,346 11
The commission go on to say that these guns
have been delivered to the State of Massachu-
setts, and "are-still in the possession of Mas-
sachusetts," and that that State proposes to
deliver them to the United States when Con-
gress shall pay the State of Massachusetts this
money. The guns are in the possession of
the State of Massachusetts yet, tor aught that
appears, and the United States have never got
this property back.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JUDD. I would like to ask the gentle-
ma,n from Illinois if the report does not show
that the State of Massachusetts sold about
one hundred and thirty or one hundred and
forty thousand of these guns to Chili ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It shows that after
the claim was presented it was discovered by
these commissioners, in their investigations,
that the State of Massachusetts haa resold
some $150,000 worth of the guns to some other
Government, perhaps to that of Chili, and
they deducted that amount from the account.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will rule on the point of order. The act of
1866 authorized the appointment of a com-
mission to ascertain the amount that the State
of Massachusetts claimed, but did not author-
ize its assumption by the Government of the
United States. The Chair therefore sustains
the point of order, and the paragraph will be
stricken from the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know for
what purpose this matter was referred by a
vote of the House to the Committed on Appro-
priations.
Mr. JUDD. On whose motion was it so
referred ?
Mr. DAWES. On the motion of the gen-
tleman who reported it from the Committee
of Claims. I do not know who it was, but I
think it was the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Cobb.}
I|r. HOLMAN. A mere reference of the
subject to a committee certainly does not
change the rule.
- Sir. DAWES. Well, I do not know what
it was teferred to us for. '
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is of the opinion that the paragraph is not in
order; but the gentleman has two remedies:
he can appeal from the decision of the Chair,
or he can move to suspend the rules so as to
allow the paragraph to be considered now.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to do that
in behalf of a claim for Massachusetts.
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose further debate
would be out of order, and consequently that
it is out of order for me to show that the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farjjsworth] has
very badly misstated the facts in this case.
The Clerk read the next paragraph.
Mr. SARGENT. I would inquire if it is
too late for me to appeal from the decision
of the Chair with reference to that paragraph
of the bill which has been stricken out ? I
was interrupted by the immediate resumption
of the reading by the Clerk, but I desired to ask
an appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] who
has charge of the bill stated that he did not
desire to appeal, and the Chair directed the
Clerk to resume the reading of the bill. The
Chair is willing that the gentleman shall take
an appeal, if there is no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object to going
back.
Mr. DAWES. I only spoke for myself. I
do not think, situated as I am, that it would
look very well for me to appeal. I understood
the House by a deliberate vote last year to
instruct the Committee on Appropriations to
put this in an appropriation bill. It is for the
State of Massachusetts, and I do not propose
to appeal from the decision of the Chair; but
the Chair will permit me with all respect to
express my surprise at that decision.
Mr. SARGENT. So confident am I, al-
though the House may not agree with me, that
the Speaker is wrong in his ruling that if the
House will allow me I will take an appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
hopes there will be no objection to an appeal
being taken. The Chair dislikes to say that it
was too late.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
at all to his taking an appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore.. The Chair
will then entertain the appeal, and the ques-
tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
sis the judgment of the House?"
; The question was put; and there were—ayes
69, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. SARGENT. I will not ask for a further
count, because it may be that the House thinks
the Speaker is right in his ruling. I withdraw
the appeal, and move to suspend the rules in
order that this provision may be considered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish the House
to understand what they are voting on.
Mr. SARGENT. I think every one under-
stands it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
is to suspend the rules in order to make the
clause ruled out by the Chair in order for con-
sideration. It does not adopt the clause. It
only makes it in order to consider it.
The question was put on Mr. Saegen't's
motion; and there were—ayes 41, noes 56; no
quorum voting.
Mr. "SARGENT. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SHAFER. I move to insert after line
one hundred and eighty-five the following:
J?or rent, fuel, lights, postage-stamps, stationery,
printing, and incidental expenses of the secretary's
office of Idaho, for the fiscal year ending Juno 30,
18T2, $3,000.
In support of that amendment I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury recommending the pay-
ment of this sum.
The Clerk read as follows :
Tef.asxtrv Department,
Washington, D. C-, February 17,1871.
Sir: I have the honorto inclose herewith an esti-
mate from the secretary of the Territory of Idaho,
asking for a deficiency appropriation of 84,130. I
am informed that the appropriation asked for in the
book of estimates of $20,0J0 for legislative expenses
will not be needed, and the IHrst Comptroller id of
opinion that §3,000 will be sufficient to meet tho
items estimated for in this deficiency. In view of
these facts. I have the honor to recommend that an
appropriation of this amount (53,000; be included in
the deficiency bill.
Very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL, Xccrctary.
Gon. II. L. Dawes, Chairman of Committee on Appro-
priations, House of Representatives.
Mr. SHAFER. I will say further that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Dawes] consents to this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
so's, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to Senate bill No. 710, to provide for
the better security of life on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, and
for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed,with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was-requested,
the following bills of the House:
A bill (H. R. No. 1619) to restore Robert
Boyd, jr., to the active list of the Navy of the
United States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2615) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
so-called treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June GO, 1872,
and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed and requested the concur-
rence of the House in a bill of the following
title:
A bill (S. No. 1370) for the payment of
salary and expenses of United States district
judges in Texas.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
that the amendments of the Senate to the
