1871.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Southern Pacific Railroad—Mr. Biggs.
Ho. 03? Reps.
of peace would bring with it, also a glad and
joyous return to the ways that were constitu-
tional and legal, and made for peace, equality,
fraternity, Union, and true loyalty, and notfor
perpetuating and augmenting causes of dissen-
sion, and continuing a course of policy that
plants broad spread the seeds of war which
may sooner or later, like the sowing of the
dragon's teeth, call into existence on all hands
armed men, who know their rights, and, know-
ing, will dare to maintain them.
But, sir, to speak more particularly concern-
ing that invaluable property of the Govern-
ment, the public lands; they should be the
priceless heritage of the people and their chil-
dren's children, through long periods of time.
The old traditional and well conceived and
considered policy of old statesmen of all par-
ties was to part with them slowly and surely,
to the end that they should fall in small por-
tions into the hands of actual settlers. Hence,
we had preemption and homestead laws, by
the effect of which they, radiating from the
seats of population, came under the operation
'of husbandry and the genial influences of civil-
ization and enlightenment in a gradual man-
ner, like the steady rising of the tides of the
sea.
Such in all human probability would have
been the natural effect of the old land system
of statesman for many generations to come
had not the scheme of false pretenses under
the new power pointed out to speculators the
means of'aggrandizing themselves by procuring
vast grants of such lands for the purpose of
constructing the Central Pacific railway. It
was. forsooth, a necessity for war purposes to
fasten by iron bands the Atlantic and Pacific
States. The commonest sagacity pointed to
the fact that such a road could not be finished
so as to be of service in what was called the
crushing of the rebellion. That would be ended
one way or the other long before such a road
could be constructed. But then there came to
the aid of the speculators the idle allegation
that the commerce of the Bast was to passover
the route and that the old routes were to be
as dead in practical effect as those which built
up cities prior to the monopoly of the trade of
the lidst. by Great Britain.
She also, our great rival and enemy, was to
be destroyed by the effect of the Pacilic Cen-
tral railway, although it was as plain then as
now that she would profit by the canal at the
Isthmus of Suez. Again, the said road was
to open up the public domain, just as if it
would not be gradually opened up, as my friend
Holmax, of Indiana, said, as all public domain
had before been, by the steady advancing
wave of migration from the eastern States and
from the Old World.
Well, sir, what has been the result or effect
of building said road by endowing a corpora-
tion with untold wealth in public lands, which
are to be sold to settlers in its own time and
at, its own exorbitant rates? The war was not
clo.sed by it. The demands in connection with
the commerce of the Bast are. not at all sat-
isfied by its construction, but it is now as
obvious as ever that the commerce of the
Atlantic and Pacilic oceans, if it is ever to be
diverted from European depots, requires the
construction of a ship-canal at the Isthmus of
Darien.
We have, then, as the practical effect of the
building of the Pacific railway with lands given
ad libitum to speculators, the bold fact of loss
of such lands to the Government and to labor.
But more than this. The example has been
seized upon by other speculative interests for
procuring, for private purposes of gain, other
public lands, in regions as large as States, for
the construction of another transcontinental
railway, the Northern Pacific, which, after all,
according to the speculators that laid siege to
Congress, was the true route for the commerce
of the Pacific, and which, unlike the Central
Pacific route of reported desert and mountain
waste, was through a region of unsurpassed
fertility and mildness of climate. Time was
when ideas of varied and natural production
were associated with tropical or semi-tropical
or temperate zones. But this is all reversed
now, and the regions in the high latitudes,
where snow and cold are commonly supposed
to prevail, and where production is limited,
are the seats of a most delightful climate, and
are gardens of perpetual fertility and bloom.
For a long time at the last session of Con-
gress this speculative scheme was dead to im-
portunities for public lands. „The hostility to
it was so effective, upon the good ground of
wasting the public domain, that it was com-
mitted to the committee from which it was re-
ported, and that action was supposed to be
final and fatal. The grounds for belief were
based upon precisely the ideas that are put
forth now, that the waste of the public do-
main for huge speculative associations must be
stopped. Yet, strange to say, the measure
came back into this House from the commit-
tee without any change in its character, and it
was passed without word or vote in opposition
from those Republicans who, but an hour be-
fore, had declared unrelenting war upon it on
grounds of principle.
Pray, sir, after such an exhibition of the
weakness of human nature, what are words of
like parties worth here now, to the effect, that
with another enormous grant of land for a
Southern Pacific railway across desolate re-
gions to provide a third channel for a com-
merce of the Pacific ocean and the Orient which
is never to come to either, the wasting of
the public lands is to end, and ^hat there is no
hope hereafter for the schemes at present and
prospective for other railways intersecting the
great lines named, and cutting up the conti-
nent like the lines upon a chess board. There
is none whatever, as succeeding sessions of
Congress will assuredly show, and the words
to the effect are but as empty wind, which we
heed not. The fact is the public lands are
doomed, if the Radical party be kept in power,
to be robbed from labor, as they have hereto-
fore been, for the benefit of huge corporations
and speculators; and thus are the rich to be
made richer and the poor poorer, by the very
domain of the people which was to be, under
the old policy of patriot statesmen, the best
security of the liberties of the people in avast
breadth of territory in small holdings by a hardy
yeomanry.
The annals of history in all climes and times
afford us no example of public crime at ail
comparable with that of the Republican party
in robbing the public lands from labor and
conferring them upon capitalists and specu-
lators.
A tithe of the profligacy in politics in other
days which has marked the Radical party with
respect to the public lands would have broken
down any party, Whig or Democratic?
When, in these remarks, 1 have spoken of
barren and desolate regions, through which the
transcontinental railways extend, I have used
the terms employed by the speculators who
besiege Congress to procure railway land
grants.
My own impression is that most of the lands
are useful for some purpose ; as for mining,
for town sites, for mill seats, and for farming
and lumbering operations.
These, in connection with the income of the
railways, are to make gigantic monopolies of
untold wealth. These, as well as existing and
prospective trunk lines, are getting to be a
great power, menacing to the liberties, rights,
and interests of the people.
lam free to admit if anything would justify
a departure from State rights it would be to
legislate by Congress in restraint of the aug-
menting powers of those monstrous monopo-
lies. But the Radical party is by no means
content with its profligate policy in respect to
mammoth railway monopolies under the pre-
text of supplying what the war so far destroyed,
namely, our eminent commercial position upon
the seas; it is proposed to take money out of
the Treasury, the proceeds of a grinding taxa-
tion, to build up monopolies in the ocean
steamship service. They certainly cannot be
determined otherwise than monopolies, when
it is coolly proposed'to subsidize lines, by
large payments from the Treasury, when other
parties come forward and propose the estab-
lishment of satisfactory international steam-
ship communication by an allowance to them
of the proceeds of postage.
This has fortunately dissipated the illusion
about the cheaper built and cheaper manned
steamships of foreign countries. The imposi-
tion is so bold that the original scheme of rapa-
city in respect to subsidies to steamships can
hardly fail to be abandoned. But they are but
as the small dust in the balance as compared
with existing monopolies in the form of the
bonded debt interest, the national bank system,
and the protected manufacturing interest. For
the benefit of those great monetary interests of
the East, whence your Secretary of the Treas-
ury comes, a return to specie pay mentis denied
both by the Executive and Congress. As the
revenues are paid in gold, and as the bonded
interest is also paid in like mariner, the non-
resumption of specie payments is beneficial to
the protected manufacturing interest and to
the bondholder to the amount ol the difference
between paper and gold values. Sir, it was
in the power of the Administration to have
brought about a resumption of specie pay-
ments longago. It is a dodging of the question
by the Secretary of the Treasury in seeking to
create the impression by his last annual report
that the premium upon gold, as compared with
greenbacks, has been gradually diminishing.
For above a year there has been no gradualism
about it. It then touched as low a figure as ten
per cent., ami has never been much above that
rate since. If the Secietary of the Treasury
had the power to prevent its rise by the threat
of throwing four millions of gold into Wall
street, what might he not do by actually pay-
ing out the gold in the Treasury in Govern-
ment dues, and m requiring the like payment
in taxes, just as it is required for the revenues
and for the payment ot interest on the public
debt ?
It is in the power of the Administration
to force the national banks to redeem their
notes in gold. Twice before the last stoppage
of specie payment the banks suspended," aud
tlicy had the honor to resume of their own
accord, though there was not a tithe of the
specie in tlie country at the date of the first
resumption that there now is, and not near as
much at the date of the second resumption,
though it was a few years after the discovery
ol gold ia California. There was an honor-
able etfort on the part, of the banks to resume.
That is a worthy example to the pampered
national banks ot'the present period. In both
instances, when it was announced that banks
in the leading cities had resumed specie pay-
ments, confidence was restored, and there was
no run for specie. In fact, specie had been
locked up in private hands, just as it is now,
and was immediately turned from dead capital
into a living investment.
So too now if the Administration should de-
cree the resumption of specie payments, and
enforce it upon the national batiks and in all
its transactions, and not confine it to revenue
and paying interest on the national debt, not.
only would the $100,000,000 that are locked
up in the Treasury be thrown into the market
and made available for business operations, but
it would also release as much more which is
