788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
to us by the Quartermaster General was that
it was sold for its full value at the time of sale.
The purchaser was put in possession of it, and
has been in possession of it ever since that
time. Of course we called no witnesses before
us to ascertain the present value of the prop-
erty. We did not deem it to be a question that
■we were to determine. If it was right and
proper that the sale should be made, and a
fair price was obtained for it at the time the
sale was made, it did not occur to the com-
mittee that we ought to investigate the present
value of the property. We undertake, by
reporting back the Senate bill, simply to carry
out the contract made by the Quartermaster
General: and, as I said before, we have inform-
ation, and I believe it is incorporated in the
letter which has already been read from the
Quartermaster General, that it was sold at
Eubiic sale to this purchaser as the highest
idder, that the price paid was a fair price,
and that the contract ought to be carried out.
Mr. McCORMICK. of Missouri. What kind
of title did the purchaser receive?
Mr. WELKER. An article of agreement
of sale. The sale was after public advertise-
ment.. The property is a rolling mill built by
the Government during the war. At the close
of the war it was understood by the quarter-
master general's department, thai it was an
"elephant" on the hands of the Government,
and that they had better dispose of it. They
did not want to carry on the business of mak-
ing iron any longer, and therefore it was
thought best by the military authorities to
make a sale of the property, after public
advertisement; ami it was sold.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Well, they ought to
have consulted Congress. The question comes
to just this: shall Congress run the Govern-
ment, or officers run it without authority of
law? Sir, L cater my protest against any such
proceedings.
Mr. WELKER. I ask the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was put upon ordering the
bill to a third reading; and there were—ayes
31, noes 30; no quorum voting.
Tellers wcie ordered: and Mr. Welkek, and
Mr. BCTI.gr of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 57, no<-s tiO.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
yeas and nays,
The y<jRS and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Has the
morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not; and, more-
over, the House is acting under the previous
question.
Mr. MAYNARD, Would it be in order to
inquire whether this matter was ever before the
Comlniiteo on Military Affairs, and whether
this bill had their sanction?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was before
the Committee on Military Affairs tiiree years
ago.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to say one word
more in relation to this matter. This question
was before the Committee on Military Affairs
of this House in the Fortieth Congress, and
was fully investigated by that committee. That
committee was satisfied that this measure was
all right and that this contract should be com-
pleted. It came to the Committee on Private
Land Claims of this House for this Congress.
It was fully considered by that committee, and
I was directed at the last session of Congress
to report it, favorably So the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, Wasthe
committee satisfied that the Government re-
ceived a full consideration for this property?
Mr. WELKER. At the time of the sale?
Yes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How
about the value of the croperty at the present
time?
Mr. WELKER. It would probably sell for
a great deal more money now. But if the
Government at the close of the war sold this
property in good faith, I ask if it is fair and
honest to require it to be sold again now, wh?n
the property has increased in value in con-
sequence of the improvements made by this
very party ? It was sold at public sale, at a
fair and reasonable price at the time. Bids
were received, and this man was the highest
bidder.
Mr. JENCKES. Has the Government re-
ceived the money for this property?
Mr. WELKER. It has.
Mr. TOWNSEND. How much?
Mr. WELKER. One hundred and seventy-
five thousand dollars.
Mr. HAWKINS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Welkek] state to the House whether
or not these are the facts in this case? I re-
member that a year or two ago I had occasion
to investigate this subject. My recollection now
is that while this property fell into the hands of
the quartermaster's department at the close of
the war, and there was an order for its sale,
when the time to make the sale came there was
no sufficient bidder for it; thereupon it was
leased to this individual at a given price, as I
now remember. This party came before the
Committee on Military Afifdirs and asked that
an absolute title to this property might be trans-
ferred to him by the Government, when it was
not a sale by the Government or a purchase
on his part, but merely a lease. As a mem-
ber of the Committee on Military Affairs at that
time I investigated this matter and came most
distinctly to the conclusion that it was not right
to make this transfer of this property on any
such lease.
At my request this matter has been held up
for a time. There are pending at this time other
measures of legislation, which I cannot now
describe more particularly, but which I think
ought to be considered by this House before
this bill is disposed of. My impression is that
there is a law requiring the proceeds of this
property to be devoted to tho benefit of com-
mon schools in the State of Tennessee; and
as a Representative of that State, I cannot con-
sent to any bill for the transfer of this property
without its being sold.
Mr. WELKER. In reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Hawkins] I would say
that if he had paid attention to the reading
of the letter of the Quartermaster General
he would have seen that this was an absolute
sale, although for mere matter of form it was
reduced to a contract in the shape of a lease.
The Quartermaster General says to us that he
gave public notice of this sale, and that this
purchaser was the highest bidder at that sale.
And in further reply to tho gentleman from
Tennessee, I will say that at the last session
of Congress the Committee on Private Land
Claims directed me to report this bill favor-
ably to the House. I notified the gentleman
that if he knew anything about this matter
the committee would be glad to hoar any objec-
tions he might have to make to the passage of
this bill. The gentleman did show me, on one
occasion, a letter from some gentleman in
Chattanooga in reference to this bill. I have
delayed from time to time reporting this bill
for the purpose of giving to gentlemen an
opportunity to lay before the committee any
objections which they may have to the passage
of this bill. The gentleman from Tennessee
has given the committee no information upon
this subject; and I have this day, under the
instructions of the committee, reported this
bill to the House.
Mr. KERR. Did the original advertise-
ment under which this sale was made pro-
vide in terms for an absolute safe, or was it
for a lease ?
Mr. WELKER. In reply to the inquiry of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. KbbkJ I can
only state what the Quartermaster General has
stated to us in the letter which has been read.
The committee did not have before thera a
copy of the original advertisement, and I can-
not state what were its exact terms. The
Quartermaster General informs me that the
reason why this property was disposed of in
the form of a lease was that the Government
might have some difficulty in protecting at
that time an absolute purchaser of this prop-
erty in Chattanooga. It was therefore thought
best to have this property conveyed in the
form of a lease, so that this party might ap-
pear to be holding this property under a lease
from the Government. But the Quartermas-
ter General informs us that it was an absolute
sale.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to lay this bill on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that,will not be
done. It is said this property is more valuable
now than when parted with by the United
States. Certainly it is, because the parties
have been making improvements during the
period it has been treated as private property.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is the
motion to lav on the table debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WELKER. Has the gentleman from
Massachusetts possession of the floor to make
the motion to lay on the table?
The SPEAKER. No one has the floor for
debate. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wel-
ker] would, after the ordering of tho main
question, have been entitled to the floor, if he
had claimed it, to close the debate. But, as
the Chair understood, he waived his right for
the purpose of allowing the vote to be taken
on ordering the joint resolution to be read a
third time.
Mr. KERR. Is it in order to ask that the
joint resolution and the letter of the Quarter-
master General be again read ?
The SPEAKER. They will both be read.
The Clerk read the joint resolution and the
letter of the Quartermaster General.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Allow me
to say that this seems to be a fair and square
transaction.
The motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massachu-
setts, to lay tho bill on the table, was not
agreedto; there being—ayes fourteen, noes
not, counted.
Mr. WELKER. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays on ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
now withdraw the demand. He can attain his
object only by a motiou to reconsider the vote
by which the veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WELKER. I make that motion.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurring on ordering the yeas
and nays, they were not ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to a thiul
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid 011 the table.
The latter motiou was agreed to.
FINES OF MAIL CONTRACTORS.
TheSPEAKER, by unanimousconsent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Postmaster General, transmitting a report of
fines imposed on contractors carrying the Uni-
ted States mails for the year ending June 30,
1870; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
ADVEftTISHMEXT Off MARINE CASUALTIES.
TheSPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to
advertising, and stating tho importance of giv-
ing prompt notice by advertisement of the
breaking adrift of light-vessels and buoys and
the occurrence of other casualties; which was
