180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Southern Pacific Railroad—Mr. Biggs.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
now hoarded in private hands, after the exam-
ple of the Government, which amount also
would go into the channels of business.^ The
Government could buy up bonds with its re-
serve of gold, and thus save five or six million
dollars a year, and the premium upon specie
being done away with, the cost of imported
articles wouTd be reduced some twelve per
cent., or the figure, of difference between the
Tallies of gold and greenbacks.
Then we should have a specie currency, an
object that was long ago made a prime article
in the creed of the Democratic party, arid was
finally reached after long years of struggle
against the banks, which were then very potent,
but not near as much so as are the national
banks of the present day, if we are to accept
the imputation of Senator Sherman, of their
great strength in this House. Indeed, both
the Administration and Congress seem to be
deaf, dumb, and blind to public interests that
suggest any reform in respect 10 them. So
great are the atrocities of the present system
that Mr. Treasurer Spinner, liimselfa Had ical of
the deepest dye, has recommended an abridg-
ment. of their powers, and, I believe, steps for
enforcing specie payments by them; but the
recommendation felt dead upon all official
ears. I have shown that the releasing from
the Treasury of its hoarded gold would atop
the payment of interest on bonds t.o the extent
of $6,000,000 a year, and would save three
times that sum to the people by reducing the
costs of foreign imports. Besides, it would
unloose at least a like sum now hoarded in
private hands, and thus accelerate business in
all its parts.
Then, why is not resumption decrecd by the
Administration? Simply from the bald and
patent fact that it is, body and breeches, execu-
tive and congressional, in the hands of jobbers,
bankers, and monopolists, and is part and
parcel of them. If resumption were to take
place the bondholders would not get as much
money of the sort, the people have to take
from the Government, and the banks as inter-
est upon their bonds. It would limit the
gorged profits of the national banks by com-
pelling t hem to keep such a reserve of specie
for the redemption of their notes as the people
might require in the avocations of life, it
would reduce the profits of the protected in-
terests by the difference in present values be-
tween gold and greenbacks. This perpetuat-
ing of non-resumption therefore costs the peo-
ple in round numbers some twenty-five million
dollars in taxation to support the monopo-
lists, whose money, atid liothingbut that, is the
hope of the Radical party in the presidential
campaign. The front of the monopoly inter-
ests against, the people is like that of the array
of satau against ilie heavenly hosts, as de-
scribed by Milton :
"ApprOiii'liinff Kt'u^ nml huq:c: ill hollow cube
Training his devitKh enginery, impaled
On every .side wish shadowing squadrons deep
To tiido Uto fraud.'''
1 sometimes despair of the cause of the peo-
ple when I think of the vast monetary inter-
ests arrayed against them. I have described
how the lands of the people are being absorbed
in the maelstrom of monopoly, and have ad-
verted to the project of subsidies for steameis
to monopolize our trade upon the seas, and
which proposes to take money out of the Treas-
ury of the taxed people rather than to lower
duties upon articles entering into the business
of ship-building, because the protected manu-
facturing interest of the East, while obtaining
free import of what emers into their own
Operations, are unwilling to extend the like
advantage to American shipping interests; for
what is a burden to commerce is an advan-
tage to what is called protected home interests.
And here I may say it is seated, even in Radi-
cal-quarters) that the chief scheme to mulct
tho Treasury by a subsidy of over two million
dollars a year, to make in a series.of years
over eighty million dollars, had not a mer-
chant of repute in it, but three are ex-mem-
bers of Congress, ex-agents of the revenue,
and ex-custotn-house officers.
And here let me inject what I shall not have
time to speak of in detail or elsewhere, that
reliable accounts concur iu the frauds of those
ex custom-house officials, by which they are
enabled to plunge into business transactions
requiring the largest amount of capital. Why
cannot ex-internal revenue officials also in-
vest, whose appropriations of public money,
constituting defalcations, are not prosecuted,
nor are resolutions of inquiry respecting them
by Congress met with response from the Treas-
ury Department. Indian officials also, the
most reliable data assert, may also engage
in large adventures in business of a subsidized
character, the which they and their confeder-
ate robbers of public money are so competent
to advance in so far as Government action is
concerned.
1 have spoken at some length of that aspect
of robbery of the means of the people by Gov-
ernment opposition to what should bring about
specie payment. Byitthe occupationof banks,
brokers, stock gamblers generally, would be
damaged to a serious extent, and those ele-
ments of population are therefore directly in-
terested in keeping up a state of things by the
Government which makes the Wall streets of
the land the plunderers of honest instruments
in the form of securities that arc in the public
interest, such as State and city credits for in-
ternal improvements. Sir, the last revenue and
tax tiill which passed this House, according to
Mr. Schenck, freed stock-gambling operations
from tax, and \*as largely brought about by the
lobbying of stock gamblers. Bat bad and mis-
chievous as were all the acts which 1 have de-
picted, and tor which the Radical party is
responsible, they by no means comprise or
compose the sum of all villainies iu legisla-
tion that characterize the day and the hour.
You have permanent subsidized interests—
subsidized out of the people's pockets—such
as the protected manufacturing interest, the
bondholding interest, and the national bank
interest, which in the aggregate multc the
people, over and above what is right and
proper in carrying on the operations of the
Government, of at least $120,000,000 a year,
if tho bonded debt were forced into the form
of a long bond, at four per cent., or less, in-
terest, as was proposed by your Shermans,
Butlers, and Stevenses just after the war,
and when the distresses of-the people in pay-
ing taxes arising from the war were keenly
felt and had not been blunted by actual ex-
periment as to what the people can bear from
tyrannous and exacting sway in the interest
of monopolies, our expenditures, and conse-
quently our taxation under the head of said
bonded debt, would be less by $40,000,000 in
annual interest than what it now is.
But ihe cry now is against a long bond and
reduced interest, in the failure to adopt which
in Congress Mr. Thaddeus Stevens said he
would go over to the Democratic party. It is
now held that such a plan oflegislation, in con-
sistency with the experience of all Govern-
ments in defraying war debts contracted at
ruinous rates in a time of public peril, would
be repudiation, just as if it laid in the mouths
of usurers and extortioners, whose claims are
disallowed in courts of justice, to thus plead,
or plead at all. Indeed it- has beer, well said
that at the rates iu gold with which the Gov-
ernment war debt, was taken by shoddy people
who had robbed tho Government,in contracts,
the debt has been already paid in the extor-
tionate interest upon the face of the obliga-
tions that has been thus far discharged from
year to year.
But, Mr. Speaker, so far as principle is con-
cerned in this respect, the defenders of usurers
and extortioners are barred of pleading repu-
diation by their own act; for have they not
sought to issue new bonds at a low rate of in-
terest upon which to raise money in Europe to
pay off the present usurious war bonds? And
does it matter to the holders of those how the
value of their investments is lowered, whether
by a practical reduction of the interest on
their bonds, or by borrowing money at a low
rate whereby to get rid of them altogether,
and thus destroy their present value as an
investment? I only make this point to dissi-
pate the idea of what is called repudiation of
obligations, but which I call a method of
reducing the annual tax arising from them,
consistently with their value to the Govern-
ment when extorted from capitalists, to pre-
serve that Government, without which they
would not have had the ill-gotten gains of
shoddy contracts.
The equity of the reduction of interest under
along bond is not affected by the fact that the
speculative parties have shoved them off into .
the hands of innocent persons. The legal
maxim applies that the buyer must take care.
I have no morbid feeling about a course of
legislation which should be in consonance
with that of all nations that have contracted
a war debt upon usurious terms at periods of
peril.
The probability of their being reduced in
value by subsequentaction of the party mulcted
at tho time, namely, the Government, fully
enters into the minds of usurers and extortion-
ers when they enter into the original negotia-
tion.
No reason can be given why we should pay
double the rate of interest upon our war debt
that England does, the richest nation on earth,
the holder of the profits of the trade of the
world for long generations, which was incurred
to destroy the power of Bonaparte. There is
none. But the usurious interests affected,
whatever were the wishes or pretenses of the
Radical leaders at the close of the war to
relieve the people of a grinding taxation, are
too much for the people, or rather the people's
Representatives.
Nevertheless, as a necessity for a show of
decency iu this regard, we have a legislation
which is a "mockery, delusion, and snare,"
in that it is a form of sham effort to lessen
the burden of public debt by proposing to
borrow money to pay debts of capitalists in
nations of Europe which have no money to
loan and who will have their hands full to
maintain the credit of their own Governments.
A,nd even if there are capitalists in Europe
who would invest in our securities, would
they not purchase existing six per cent,
bonds, which may be bought at a small
advance, rather than new ones bearing four
to five per cent, interest?
Would our own citizens invest in the pre-
tended new form of reducing the public debt,
and interest on it, when that form itself might
be superseded by another one less valuable as
an investment? No, sir. I cannot refrain,
under all the circumstances, from character-
izing the new way of paying old debts, by bor-
rowing rather than by discharging their obli-
gations at a discount, as a tub to the popular
whale, and only to be useful to the machinery
that is and shall be employed to achieve an
impossible object. So, therefore, the defray-
ing of the bonded debt must go on at usurious
rates ; and to make it permanent and reliable
as an investment, the people of this day, and
not of coming generations, must bear heavy
burdens iu taxation ; and to make it still more
valuable, no redemption of specie payments is
to continue indefinitely.
The cost, too, of national banks is some
twenty million dollars a year to the tax-payers.
