1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
c. i>. elgin.
Mr. MORPIIIS, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House papers in the case of C. P. Elgin.
.MMES Vf. FLOOD.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House petition and accompanying papers of
James W. Flood, of Powhatan county, Vir-
ginia, late adjutant of fifth regiment New
Ilampshire volunteers, praying compensation
for a horse killed in the service, &c,
william p. prestos.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Accounts was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition of William P. Preston, and the same
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
LEAVE OF ABSENCES.
Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence for ten days.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 2G15) making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling so-called treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1872, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The reading of the bill
having been concluded, general amendments
are now in order.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by
adding a proviso to the last paragraph of the
printed bill; so that the paragraph will read
as follows:
For contingent expenses of trust funds, 82,100:
Provided, That no bonds of tho United States shall
be istued for trust funds or other Indian purposes,
unless duly authorized by statute.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend, for the
purpose of correcting an error in an enrolled
bill, by adding the following as a new section :
And le it further enacted. That the act approved
July 1 o, 1870. making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses ot the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for tho year ending Juno 30,1871, and
for other purposes, be amended by adding the fol-
lowing section, which was inadvertently omitted m
the enrollment ot said act, natn^ly:
It And be it further enacted. That nothing in
this itct contained orin anyof the provisions theieof
shall be so construed as to ratify, approve or disaf-
tiim aiiv treaty made with any tribes, bands, or par-
tic" of Indians siuee the 20th of July. 1867, or affirm
lr disnflirm any of the powers of the Lxecutive and
cs of Indian siuerthe 20th of July. 1867, or affirm
,.r disnflirm any ot the f
Senate over the subject.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe this amendment
is right.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. BECK. Ipropose an amendment; and
before it is read, I will only say that it is the
same additional section which was passed by
the House the other day unanimously. It was
then attached to a small bill reported from
the Committee on Commerce, and it ia now
in conference between the two Rouses, liie
Committee on Commerce are afraid that it
will embarrass their bill, si rid ask that we Eshajl
'propose it in another place. Ihig is where it
more properly belongs, and I hope there wiU
be no objection to it. I now send to the Clerk s
desk an amendment, which I desire to comem
as an additional section of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
SEC. 6. And be it 'er^er ?.?
contract or agreement of any kind shall be made by
any person with any individual or tribe
for the payment ot any money.or other tiling or
value to him or any other persoaia «ftsiaeifttian ot
services or protended services for said Indians rela-
tive to their lands, or to any claims against annuities
from or treaties with the United States, and all such
pretended contracts or agreements hereafter made
are hereby declared null and void, and all money or
other thing of value paid to any person by any In-
dian or tribe, or any one else, for or on his on. their
behalf on account of such pretended services, may
be recovered by suit in thename of the United States
in any court of the United States regardless of the
amount in controversy, one half of which shall be
paid to tho person suing for tho same, and the other
naif shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States, for the use of the Indian or tribe by or for
whom it was so paid; and the person so receiving
said money and his aiders and abettors shall, in
addition to the forfeiture of said sum, be subject
to prosecution for misdemeanor in any coiirt of the
United States, and on conviction shall be fined not
les3 than $1,000 and imprisoned not less than six
months, and it shall be the duty of all district attor-
neys of the United States to prosecute such cases
when applied to to do so, and theirfailuro andrefusal
shall be ground for their removal from officc. And
any Indian agent or other person in the employment
of the United States who shall advise, sanction, or
in any way aid in the making of such contracts or
agreements, or in making such payments as are here
prohibited, shall, in addition to the punishment
hereby imposed on the person making said contract
or receiving said money, be, on conviction, dismissed
from the service of the United States, and be forever
disqualified from holding any office of profit or trust
under the same.
Mr. SARGENT. The substance of that
amendment has been thrde tiroes passed, and
ia the law now upon the statute-books; first
in 1847, again in 1852, and the last time in
1868. Congress has by every means, except
the fixing of penalties to the law, endeavored
to break up the practice of robbing Indians
under the idea of powers of attorney. We
now have what we believe will reach the result
desired, by fixing adequate penalties. The
House has assented to this amendment in
another form, and I think there will be no
doubt that it ought to be attached to this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to inquire
whether this will apply to all future appropria-
tions or simply applies to those in this bill?
Mr. BECK. It applies to all.
Mr. SARGENT. That was the intention.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. T move to add the
following as an additional section.
The Clerk read as follows:
Nothing in this act is intended or shall be con
strued to deny the power of the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to eon-
elude treaties with foreign nations, which shall be
binding upon the legislative department ot the Gov-
ernment. whether such treaties shall or Shalt not
require the payment of money to be appropriated
by Congress.
Mr. SARGENT. I make the point that
that amendment is not germane to this bill. _
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken. . ,
Mr. SMITH; of Oregon. I wish to ask a
parliamentary question: whether it is not ger-
mane to the explanatory amendment adopted
yesterday on the motion ot the genUeman from
Ohio, [Mr. LawrexCeV]
The CHAIRMAN. It is 111 the line of new
legislation, and therefore, for aiiother reason,
is not in order.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
To enable the Secretary of tha Interior ito pw to
the parties entitled thereto '^baUncosduetheered-
itors of the upper and lower bands of Sioux Indians,
on account of supplies furnished said Indians prior
to the 3d day of December, lSGfl, there is hereby ap-
propriated, in accordance with the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Interioi, made June W,
1870, the sum of 865,812 ii.
Mr. SARGENT. Has the gentleman any
recommendation from the Secretary ?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Ihaveareport
from the Secretary, which I ask to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department op the istferiok.
WaSHISSTOS, Jane 13, JSlU.
c*tp ■ On the 19rh day of June. 1858, treaties were
Ffirh of these two treaties, in the third article* con
said Indians.
The treaties -were negotiated in this city, and sev-
eral of the creditors of the Indians were present. The
different bands were desirous that ail their obliga-
tions should be canceled, and the sum named in the
third article of the treaties was based upon an esti-
mate which, a,t that timev was thought tobeeufBeient
to cover all demands that might be made against
them; but upon an examination of the accounts
which, after examination and abatement by the In-
dian department, were allowed, it was ascertained
that after the payment of theamouut provided by
the treaty to satisfy the indebtedness of the Indians,
at the date of the treaties, a balance of $57,616 35
remained asrainst them.
In 1862 the Indians, parties to the troatics, com-
menced hostilities against the citizens of the United
States, known as the Sioux Indian ma?saei*e, which
resulted in the abrogation of all treaties with the
Sioux, their removal from the reservations in the
State of Minnesota, and the confiscation of their
annuities.
There is also due by the lower band5* of Sioux
Indians tbe sum of $S,196 12. being a balance ot
claims against them arising subsequentto the treaty
Mr. Secretary Smith, on the 31st day of May, 1801.
after a consideration of the subject, directed the
payment of the debts of the Indians to the extent
named in the treaties# namely, §140,000, which
amount was to be paid, wro rata, to the claimants in
full satisfaction of all demands against them.
The money was accepted by the creditors under
protest, and application was afterward made to the
Departmentfor the balance due by the Indians, and
it appears that Mr. Secretary Usher was inclined to
direct the payment of the same, but there was no
appropriation within the control of thi3 Department
applicable thereto.
In the treaty of 19th February, 1867, with the Sioux
Indians, (upper bands,) provision was niside for the
payment of the balances due by them to their trad-
ers; but the Senate struck out of said treaty arti-
cles six to fourteen, inclusive, which embraced the
provision referred to, and the matter has, since that
time, remained unacted on.
The parties to whom the balances are due are now
applying to be paid. „
An examination of .the case satisfies me that the
claims are probably just and should be paid; but
there areno funds at the disposal of this Department
that could be applied to their payment.
I therefore respectfully invite the attention of
Congress to the propriety of making an appropri-
ation to meet these claims, for which the sum ot
$65,812 47 would be necessary, to enable the secre-
tary of the Interior to pay to the parties entitled
thereto tho balances due the creditors of the upper
and lower bands of Sioux Indiana, on account ot
supplies furnished said Indians prior to the ud clay
of December, 1860.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, ^ ^ ^
Hon. James O. Blaine.
Speaker of the Mouse of Representatives.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I raise the point of
order on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Missouri will state his point of order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The point of order is
that these are private claims that are not proper
subjects foran appropriation bill, because there
is no law authorizing their payment.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is,
well taken. .
Mr. SARGENT. There is an error in the
bill on page i. line seventy-five, where Nevada
is treated as aTerritory, instead of being treated
as a State. I move to amend by inserting before
the wot'd "Nevada" the words "State of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mf. SARGfiNT. I no* move that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill and amend-
ments to the House.
Mr. PROSSER. Before the question is put
on that motion, I ask the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] whether he is pre-
pared to furnish any information, which I
understood him to promise the other day, m
regard to the reason why the $5,000 whica
were appropriated last year to establish schools
among the Pueblo Indians were not used for
that purpose?
Mr. SARGENT. We have passed the part
of the bill which was subject to any amend-
ment in regard to the matter to which, the
geThe CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Pkossek]
that the inquiry he has made is not now rele
vant.
The question being put on the motion that
the commitlee rise, it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; anc! the
