1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1615
treatment of the insane of tho Army and Navy,
revenue-cutter, and volunteer service, who may
have beenmeinsnne sinec their entry into tho service
°l £r® J<P1'eA btates, and of tbe indigent insane
of tho pistrict of Columbia, in the Government
Hospital for the Insane, including $500 for books
stationery, and incidental expenses, $125,000.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I move to amend
that paragraph by striking out "$125,000"
and inserting "$100,000." It seems to me
that this is a very extravagant appropriation.
I notice that the appropriations for the asy-
lums for the insane in the city of Boston and
in the State of Illinois are not equal to the
appropriation made for this hospital in the
District of Columbia. The population of the
entire District does not, perhaps, amount to
more than two hundred thousand, and I can-
not understand why such an immense estab-
lishment, and such an immense expenditure as
this are necessary.
Mr. DAWES. It is for the insane of the
entire Army and Navy.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. We have a pop-
ulation of more than two millions and provis-
ion no greater than this i3 made to meet their
wants in that regard. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
see that there are appropriations in this bill
amounting to $480,870 for the District of
Columbia, including the police, this hospital,
and various other hospitals and asylums, mak-
ing an enormous expenditure to be paid by
the people of this country to support these
institutions in the District of Columbia. It
has been the ease ever since we have had a
Government that immense amounts of money
have been paid out for the purpose of support-
ing the inhabitants of the District of Columbia.
I could wish that the time would come when
this Government would not have these people
to support as ''wards of the nation," which
I believe to be the proper phrase. While other
States and other localities support their own
insane, keep up their own hospitals, meet what-
ever demands of chanty are made upon them,
the people of the United States are expending
hundreds of thousands of dollars annually here
in this city for this a; well as various other
purposes connected with the city of Washing-
ton, which is a perpetual drain upon the tax-
paying people of this country.
Sir, if we had the public buildings of this
Government on ground exclusively belonging
to the Government, without any city govern-
ment to be run by Congress, I think it would
be a great improvement in this regard. And
then I think that all the people outside of the
immediate limits of the Government should
take care of themselves, without the Congress
of the United States taxing the people of this
country to take care of some of them during
the whole history of this Government. I have
no doubt but this appropriation will pass, and
therefore I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the amendment for the purpose of correcting
a misapprehension. There are over five hun-
dred insane soldiers and sailors in this institu-
tion,- who do not reside here, and have never
been here except as they have been brought
here as insane persons from the Army and the
■Navy. I know that Illinois is a very large
State. But the gentleman should remember
that there were three million men in the armies
of the United States, many of whom became
insane from over-exertion in the cause of
their country; and I want to tell the gentle-
man that a large number of those very insane
soldiers are from the State of Illinois. I now
withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb :
For the support of tho institution, including sal-
aries and incidental expenses, the maintenance of
the beneficiaries of the United States, and §500 for
books and illustrative apparatus, $40,500.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move to
amend the paragraph just read by striking
out "$40,500" and inserting in lieu thereof
"$25,000." I make this motion for the pur-
pose of inquiring of tho chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] what
is the number of the beneficiaries of this insti-
tution. _ If we can know the number of pupils
in this institution, we will then be better able to
judge of the propriety of this appropriation.
Mr. DAWES. I am unable to tell the gen-
tleman the exact nu mber of pupils; but a report
has been made to Congress and laid upon the
tables of members, to which he has access as
well as myself. I would very cheerfully an-
swer the gentleman if it was in my power. I
believe it is the universal testimony of every-
body that no institution in the Union has been
conducted in a better manner and in a more
prudent and economical way than this institu-
tion.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. There is
no man on this floor more desirous than myself
of providing for the education of the deaf and
dumb of the District of Columbia. But I am
also desirous, while that shall be done and
done thoroughly, that there shall not be exor-
bitant appropriations brought in here for the
support of this institution. It does seem to
me that $40,000 is a very large sum to be
appropriated for this purpose in the District
of Columbia. I will, however, withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I would like to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions [Mr. Dawes] who are meant by the bene-
ficiaries of the Government? I find half a
dozen paragraphs here making appropriations
for the beneficiaries of the Government. Now,
I want to know who are the beneficiaries con-
nected with this deaf and dumb institution.
Mr. DAWES. Previous to last year the law
provided that there might be twenty-five per-
sons sent to this institution from the different
States. Last year we provided that that num-
ber might be increased to forty, but that the
States should pay the expenses of those forty
persons ; so that none of that number arc now
supported at the expense of the United States.
All that are supported at the expense of the
United States are those unfortunates who come
from the District of Columbia, and from the
Army and the Navy.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the support of the Columbia Hospital for
Women and Lying-in Asylum ovi.r and above the
probable amount which will be received from pay
patients, $15,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to raise the
point of order on this clause, that for it and
several other clauses there is no authority
of law.
Mr. KELSEY. Precisely the same author-
ity of law that there is for the Deaf and Dumb
Asylum.
Mr. DICKEY. Precisely the same law as
for all these charities.
Mr. KELSEY. As for the insane.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I refrained from making
the point of order on them.
Mr. MAYNARD. There has been a law for
it for many years past.
Mr. LAWRENCE. There is no particular
law authorizing it.
Mr. KELSEY. Precisely the same law as
for the others.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I say to the Speaker
that there is no law authorizing this appropri-
ation.
Mr. KELSEY. I contradict the gentleman.
I say there is such a law.
Mr. DICKEY. I too say that there is. Now
let tho gentleman show if he can that there is
not. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro temporeK (Mr. Sco-
riEi-d.) The Chair overrules the point of order.
Appropriations for tills object have been in-
serted in the regular appropriation bills for a
number of years. This is an appropriation in
continuation of one already made.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Is not the
institution in question a private institution?
Mr. KELSEY. No ; it is incorporated by
the General Government.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The rule
with reference to amendments to appropriation
bills is that no amendment shall be in order
"for any expenditure not previously author-
ized by law, unless in continuation of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as
are already in progress." Appropriations
for this purpose have been made from year
to year.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move, then, to amend
by striking out the clause. Imakethis motion
for the purpose of submitting a few remarks.
Mr. Speaker, this is an institution located in
this city and designed for the benefit of this
city alone. I have no objection to this or to
any similar institution ; but I have an objection
to taxing my constituents and the people of
the country generally for the support of this
institution. If I can have the attention of
the House for a very few minutes, I will state
some of the reasons why, in my judgment, this
and similar institutions ought to be supported
by this city alone, and ought not to be main-
tained by taxes levied upon our constituents.
I hold .in my hand, and shall ask leave to
append to my remarks, a letter from the Treas-
ury Department, accompanied by a table show-
ing the amount of money expended from the
national Treasury annually, during a series of
years past, for the benefit of this city. It will
be seen from this table that the annual expendi-
tures of the Government in this way exceed
$1,000,000. We support the poor of this city,
and no tax is levied upon the property of the
city for their support. We build court-houses
and jails for this city ; we pay its judges and
jurors, and various other expenses which I
need not enumerate, for they are well under-
stood by the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has not the gentleman
resided long enough here to know that this
city is supported mainly out of the Treasury
of the United States, and must necessarily be?
It is the national capital, and only the capital,
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman is not
asking a question.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is no business
here except that which comes here by reason
of the location of the capital here. The city
must be supported in great part by the Gov-
ernment. If we do not support it directly,
does not the gentleman know that we shall
have to do so indirectly in some way ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I know that this city
is supported substantially out of the Treas-
ury of the United States ; but I do not know,
as the gentleman from Tennessee says, that it
is necessarily so supported. I know that the
system by which the Government supports
this city is an imposition and a wrong upon the
people of the United States. I call the at-
tention of the House to the following state-
ment from the collector of this city, showing
the annual rate of taxation on the property of
this city for eleven years past:
colleototl's office,
West Wixg of City Hall,
WASnixGrox, 1). C., Februarys, 1871.
Sir: In reply to yours of this date I have tho
honor to submit the following as the rates of taxa-
tion for the respective years, namely:
1860 $0 Co
  50
  75
  75
  1 10
  1 00
  1 10
  1 1:5
  1 50
  1 40
1870  1 80
Very respectfully, <fcc.,
F. A. BOSWELL, Collector,
per Clerk.
This statement shows that the average an-
nual rate of taxation during the last eleven
years has not exceeded 1.07 per cent.
I also ask attention to the following letter
1861..
1862..
1863..
1861..
1865..
1866..
1867..
180S.,
I860..
