790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
"Wheeler reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the spe-
cial order, being House bill No. 2615, making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling so-called treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1872, and for other purposes, and had directed
him to report the same to the House with
sundry amendments.
Mr. SARGENT. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is first on
the amendments. If a separate vote is not
demanded on any of the amendments they
will be considered as concurred in.
No separate vote was asked for, and the
amendments were concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SAIIGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message fu01i ti1h president.
A message from the President of the United
States, in writing, was communicated to the
House by Mr. Porter, his Private Secretary.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BBA.TTY, fsom the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same :
An act (II. li. No. 2360) for the relief of
Arnton Smith;
An act (H. It. No. 2529) making appropri-
ations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year end-
ing June 80, 1872 ; and
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 170) author-
izing the sale of a portion of the Fort Leaven-
worth military reservation to the Kansas Agri-
cultural and Mechanical Association of Leav-
enworth county, in the State of Kansas, for
fair grounds.
ohdeu of business.
Mr. SARGENT. " I ask leave to offer a
resolution for consideration now.
Mr. HOAR. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the House will resume the
consideration of the Senate joint resolution
(S. R. No. 11) extending the time to con-
struct a railroad from the St. Croix river or
lake to the west end of Lake Superior and to
Bayfield, on which the gentleman i'rom Indiana
[Mr. Holmax] is entitled to the floor.
proposed adjournment over.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] yield to me to make
the motion that when tho House adjourns
to-day it will adjourn over until Monday?
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. RANDALL. I move, then, that when
tho House adjourns to-night it be until Mon-
day next.
The SPEAKER. The House some days
ago agreed that this afternoon it would take a
recess and have a session at half past seven.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] now moves that when the House ad-
journs to-night it be until Monday next.
Mr. DAW ES. I hope that will not be done.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
53, noes 46; no quorum voting.
Mr. RANDALL. Before tellers are ordered
I beg to say that I am willing to modify my l]
motion so that there shall be a session to-
morrow devoted to debate only.
Mr. KELSEY. Oh, no ; let lis have to-
morrow for business.
The SPEAKER. The proposition now made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 object.
The Speaker, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers; and Mr. Dawes and Mr. Randall were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 74, noes 57.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the yeas and nays.
We are within five weeks of the end of the
session, and there are five appropriation bills
undisposed of.
Mr. RANDALL. With a view that the time
of the House may .not be occupied in calling
the yeas and uays, I will again make the prop-
osition to the House that, we shall have a ses-
sion to-morrow which shall be devoted to debate
only.
Mr. KELSEY. We want a session for busi-
ness.
Mr. DAWES. I would beglad to acquiesce
in that proposition, but five appropriation bills
have not been touched yet, and we are within
five weeks of the end of the session.
Mr. RANDALL. Since I have been in Con-
gress I have never seen a House that was more
disposed than this House is to facilitate the
business of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. I agree to that.
Mr. RANDALL. Every sort of business
has been pushed aside for their benefit; and I
approve of that course. But the gentleman
from Massachusetts need have no apprehen-
sion whatever that auy of his appropriation
bills will riot pass in ample time.
Mr. DAWES. I have-not a word of com-
plaint to make of the House. I agree to what
the gentleman has said. But 1 am very much
afraid myself that these large appropriation
bills will be embarrassed. If, however, the
majority of the House are very strongly of the
opinion—as the vote just taken would seem t,o
indicate—that we can get along without a ses-
sion to-morrow, they have been so indulgent
to the Committee on Appropriations that I
will withdraw the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I submit the propo-
sition that the House shall meet to-morrow
as in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for debate only.
There was no objection; and the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the tahle.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. IIOLMAN resumed the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. With the consent of the
gentleman from Indiana, I desire to offer a
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state,
though he has not the slightest disposition to
interfere with the gentleman from California,
that under the call for the regular order,
which tho gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoak] insisted on, the gentleman from Indi-
ana has no right to yield.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will not insist on his demand.
Mr. HOAR. I withdraw it.
military aid at elections.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved. That the President be requested to
inform the House of Representatives whether the
Governor of the State of California htfs since the 4th
day of July, 1863, asked for military aid for the par-
pose of keeping the pence at elections in that State,
and to transmit to the House the correspondence in
regard thereto.
Mr. BROOKS, of Xovv York. I must object,
unless we can put in N"ew York and Delaware.
Mr. RANDALL. And Pennsylvania.
Mr. SARGENT. I am willing that each of
those Stales shall go in. I \yant the informa-
tion as to my own State.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Well, we
want it as to all the States.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 have no objection.
Mr. ALLISON. I must object.
fort dakota military reservations
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, sub
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas Senate bill No. 569, which passed this
House on the 25th instant, provides for the sale ot
the Kort Dakota military reservation ; and whereas
the said reservation was vacated by the act of July
14, 1870, and made subject to private entry under the
provisions of the preemption and homestead laws of
the United States; and whereas it is represented
that a large number of persons have settled on the
said vacated reservation and have made valuable
improvements thereon: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the House of Representatives, That
the Senate be requested to return to this House
Senate bill No. 5G9.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsojt,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed joint resolutions p,nd a bill of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 268) concerning
the compensation of the collector of customs
for the district of Willamette, in the State of
Oregon;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 302) for the
appointment of General William T. Sherman
a Regent of the Smithsonian Institution; and
An act (8. No. 1083) to repeal so much of
the act approved July 14, 1870, entitled "An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," as continues the income tax after the
31st day of December, A. D. 1869.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a House bill and joint resolution of
the following titles, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (II. R. No. 1351) prescribing the
form of the enacting and resolving clauses of
acts and resolutions of Congress, and rules for
the construction thereof; and
A joint resolution (H. II. No. 420) for the
relief of William P. Thomasson.
st. croix and bayfield railroad.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R. No.
11) extending the time to construct a railroad
from the St. Croix river or lake to the west
end of Lake Superior and to Bayfield. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN addressed the House iu
remarks which will be found in the Appendix.
At the conclusion of his speech he said: I
yield the remainder of my time to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Knott,] hoping
that he will, if possible, yield five minutes to
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Axtell.]
Mr. RANDALL. How much time has the
gentleman remaining?
The SPEAKliti. Thirteen minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before yielding to the
gentleman from Kentucky I enter a motion to
recommit the bill.
Mr. KNOTT. I would like to occupy about
half an hour in addressing the House upon
this bill.
Mr. KERR. I was just about to move that
the time be extended so as to allow the gen-
tleman from Kentucky one half hour. I hope
this will he done by unanimous consent.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. It is cer-
tainly acting very unfairly toward gentlemen
who support this bill if its opponents are to
use up all the time and then move to recom-
mit without leaving to the friends of the hill
an opportunity to expose the incorrectness
of the statements which have been made in
reference to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose to enter that
