1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1617
Citizenship of patients.
New York  54
Pennsylvania  58
Massachusetts  77
&>hiieeti<rfit  28
Vermont-  18
Maine    10
Illinois    E
Iowa  17
Ohio    31
Virginia    154
South Carolina  27
Horth Carolina  13
Missouri   5
Florida.  1
Tesas  21
Rhode Island  2
Maryland  142
Delaware     5
Kentucky   3
•Hew Jersey  43
District of Columbia    282
Unknown...    72
Memoranda.
Number cared 1,163
Number relieved  52
f umber incurable-  27
umber died    10
umber under treatment at date of report.... 77
•Total.:..-  1,829
Number of birth3  76
I respectfully submit the following estimates for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1872:
For support of the institution over and above
the probable amount to be received from pay
patients $15,000
For rent and repairs  3,000
For books and instruments r  500
Total $18,500
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
j. h. thompson,
Suraeon-in- Chief.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Kelsey] has stated the
number of these persona received as patients in
this institution in the city of Washington hailing
from other States. 'I toish to ask him if they
are simply visitors here and are accredited to
other States, how it is they are here and why
they remain here, why they do not return to
their people?
Mr. KELSEY. They are the wives of clerks
in the Departments who cannot procure other
accommodations for them. This is one of the
most necessary institutions in the District.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. 1 would like to
ask the gentleman another question. Is it a
fact that the clerks in the Departments are in
such a desperate situation that they cannot
take care of their families?
Mr. KELSEY. Some of those who have
large families require to take advantage of this
institution. Some of them do pay a certain
stipend per week. This appropriation is in
addition to the amount which the institution
expects to receive from patients. And no
patient is admitted without paying, unless by
order of the Surgeon General of the Army or
of the Secretary of the Interior. The insti-
tution is entirely under the control of the Gov-
ernment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to say a word
or two further. I make no objection to this
institution. I believe it is a beneficial and
useful institution. I believe it is well man-
aged. I say nothing against it. Gentlemen
ought not to place me in the light of opposing
the institution. The questiou is not whether
it is a useful institution; the question is how it
should be supported, and I say that it should
not be supported at the expense of my con-
stituents or of the constituents of other gen-
tlemen upon this floor.
Mr. DICKEY. Then I ask the gentleman
why, if this is a good institution, a well-
managed institution, his attack should be
directed against this particular institution
and not against others?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I must begin some-
where. I would attack the supporting of any
of these institutions at the expense of my
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 102.
constituents. That is all the point I make. I
must tnak6 the point of attack somewhere.
Mr. DICKEY. You allowed the appro-
priation to some of these institutions to pass
before you made the attack on this institution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is
exhausted on the pending amendment.
The question being taken on Mr. Law-
rence's amendment, it w&s not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For purchase of thebuildingnow occupied by said
hospital, irith forty thousand feet of ground, 825,000:
Provided, That the title to said real estate shall be
vested in the United States for the use of said hos-
pital, and that no part of .the real or personal prop-
erty now held or to be hereafter acquired by said
mstitntion shall be devoted to any otherpurpogethan
a. hospital^ for women and lying-in asylum; and
that in addition to the directors, whose appointments
are now provided for by law, there shall be three
other directors appointed in the following manner:
one Senator by the President of the Senate, and two
Representatives by the Speaker of the House. These
directors shall hold their office for the term of a
single Congress, and to be eligible to a reappoint-
ment.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend the
paragraph by striking out from the word
"for," in line three hundred and fourteen,
down to and including the #ords "lying-in
asylum " in line three hundred and eighteen,
as follows:
3?or the use of said hospital, and that no part of
the real or personal property now held or to be here-
after acquired by said institution shall be devoted to
any other purpose than a hospital for women and
lying-in asylum.
I offer this amendment partly for the pur-
pose of making an inquiry of the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations. I do not
see why, if the Government pays for this prop-
erty, it should be tied up. I think that this
properly ought to remam under the control of
the Government. It seems to me if an appro-
priation is made for the purchase of the prop-
erty, and it is tied up in this way, it would
revert to the purchaser if any other use should
hereafter be made of the property which at
the time might be regarded as proper. We
might want to change the site or location of
the institution.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest that the gen-
tleman's object would be served by having
inserted in line three hundred and eighteen,
after the words "lying-in asylum," the words
" without the consent of the United States."
Under that the property will be held for this
especial purpose until the United States says
differently.
Mr. GRISWOLD. If that accomplishes the
purpose I have in view I have no objection to
accepting the gentleman's amendment.
.Mr. DAWES. I think if the gentleman will
look at it he will find that by means of those
words his object, which is a proper one, will be
reached. They would put it under the control
of Congress, so that the property shall not be
diverted from this purpose or disposed of until
Congress shall authorize the disposal of it.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I withdraw my amend-
ment in favor of that which is suggested by the
gentleman from Massachusetts. [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I move, then, to amend by
inserting in line three hundred aue eighteen,
after the words "lying-in asylum," the words
" without the consent of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph was read:
For the St. John's Hospital, in Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, $10,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend that para-
graph by striking oat the words " for the St.
John's Hospital" and inserting in lieu thereof
the words "for the erection of a children's
hospital and home for the St. John's Sister-
hood."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then read as follows:
Botanic Garden:
For concreting and paving walks around the build-
ings of the Botanic Garden; for general repairs to
the buildings; and for improving the large basm,
with hrick or stone wall, with white marble coping,
$6,000,
Mr. PETERS. I offer a verbal amendment
to that paragraph, to insert before the words
"with white marble" the word "and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS. I now move to add the fol-
lowing ;
For the completion of the paving of the main walk
through the Botanic Garden with Seneca brown-
stone flagging, and taking up and removing the blue-
stone flagging now on the main walk and relaying
the same on Maryland avenue, along the south side
of the Botanic Garden, $9,840.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS. I move to add "for two
additional laborers at the Botanic Garden,
$850."
Mr. DAWES. I am opposed to that amend-
ment.
Mr. PETERS. This is actually necessitated
by the law reducing the hours of labor from
ten to eight. The Committee on the Library
agreed to the amendment, and Mr. Spofford
was to have requested the Committee on Ap-
propriations to put it in another bill, but he
forgot it. It is absolutely necessary to employ
some very cheap laborers—one fireman and
one messenger—for the accommodation of
members of Congress and other gentlemen.
I hope there will be no objection to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Public buildings:
Under the direction of the architect of the Capitol
extension—
For finishing and repairing the work on the Capi-
tol extension and for curbing and flagging upper
terraces, £65,000.
Mr. JENCKBS. I offer the following amend-
ment from the select Committee on the Ven-
tilation of the Hall, to come in after the para-
graph just read :
For enlarging air shaft, plastering ceiling of cor-
ridor, readjustment of flues under the floor, new
register and fornewfloorin the Hall of the House of
Representatives, for additional fans for exhaustion
of vitiated air from the Hall, and for engine to oper-
ate them, and for additional ventilators in the roof
of the Hall, and for necessary alterations in light-
ing, heating, and ventilating-apparatus, 820,000, or
so much thereof as may be necessary.
The best argument in support of this amend-
ment is the condition of the air in the Hall to-
day. During the greater portion of this ses-
sion the ventilation has been reasonably good.
There has been very little complaint from
members either of too much air, or of too
much heat, or too much eold. But this is one
of the days on which coal fires will hardly
burn, on which the best chimneys will not
draw, and, as many gentlemen have noticed
and remarked to the officers in charge, there
are downward currents felt in various parts
of the Hall. The reason of that is that the
principle upon which this Hall is sought to ba
ventilated is by forcing air into the Hall from
below and allowing it to escape at the roof,
expecting that there would be a continuous
flow of air from the place of supply to the
place of discharge ; but on days like this the
current is cheeked, and we consequently feel
the air revolving over and over in the Hall
without its moving freely out of it. The object
of this amendment is to enlarge the air-shaft
that descends from the roof down to the neigh-
borhood of the ascending flues of the chimney
with which it is now connected, to double its
capacity, and to place within it or adjoining it
two additional fans of the same description as
those that now force the air into the Hall, for
the purpose of exhausting the vitiated air
from it.
The amendment is also for another purpose.
In the construction of the floor of this Hall
the registers were so placed that much of' the
dust in sweeping, and many of the scraps- of
paper, and of one thing and another that is
thrown upon the floor, is drawn into them
during the day; and when in the naornings
the hot air is forced into the flues, in winter,
