792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jauuary 27,
Croix and Bayfield railroad, upon which Mr.
Pomeiios was entitled to tbe floor,
Mr. MeCRARY. With the consent of my
colleague, I move that the House do no
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind
the gentleman that the House has 6rdered
that this evening shall be devoted to debate,
as in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. He wilt therefore please modify
his motion.
Mr. MeCRARY. I move, then, that the
House take a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
printing of a report.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Before the
question is put upon that motion I ask unani-
mous consent to have printed the report of the
Committee on the Public Lands on House bill
No. 2499.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
charles cooper and others?
Mr. KERR. I desire leave to report from
the Committee on the Judiciary a private bill,
which I forgot this morning when that com-
mittee was called for reports. There will be
no objection to it, I know. It is a bill for the
relief of Charles Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones,
Jerome Rowley, William Hannegan, and John
Hannegan.
I will state that a bill was passed for the
relief of the same parties at the last session of
Congress, which went to the President, and
was by him vetoed, and the original bill and
tho veto message were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. They have been consid-
ered by that committee, and they concur in the
only two objections made by the President to
the original bill. They now recommend that
the original bill and the President's message
be laid on the table, and that a joint resolu-
tion, which I ask the Clerk to read, shall be
passed, which resolution is precisely in the
i'orm which the President suggests.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest, as a ques-
tion of order under the Constitution, when a
hill comes back from the President with his
objections, must we not then pi-oceed to vote
upon it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
remark that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] should have reported back the bill with
the President's veto, and have allowed the
Houso to act upon it, and then reported the
resolution.
Mr. KERR. I will now, if the House
pleases, report back the original bill with the
President's message, and let the House take
such action as it pleases. And I ask the House
to pass this new joint resolution, which obvi-
ates all the objections suggested by the Presi-
dent to the bill.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that Charles Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones,
Jerome Rowley, William Hannegan, and John
Hannegan shall be released and discharged
from all liability to the United States under
and by reason of their bond executed thereto
to secure the faithful performance by William
Hannegan and John Hannegan of their con-
tract with the United States for the improve-
ment of the Des Moines rapids in the Missis-
sippi river, in the State of Iowa, and that the
action at law now pendiug in the circuit court
of the United States for the sixth circuit,
the northern district of Ohio, to enforce the
said bond, be discontinued by the proper offi-
cers of the Government at the cost of the
parties.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a point
of order. I desire to inquire whether we are
not, under the Constitution, obliged to vote on
the veto?
The SPEAKER. This is a separate reso-
lution, so that the constitutional point is not
involved,
Mr. ARNELL. I object to the reporting
of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of the question. A private bill passed
at the last session of Congress was vetoed by
the President. The veto message, after being
read, was referred, with the bill, to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. That committee now
reports back a different bill, framing its lan-
guage and provisions to-meet the views and
objections expressed in the President's mes-
sage. It is a distinct bill, and of course can
be considered. The only question is will the
House, by unanimous consent, give leave to
have it considered now?
Mr. SHANKS. I object.
execution of a judicial decree.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 287G) to carry into
effect a decree of the United States district
court for the eastern district of Louisiana;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
consular courts ix japan.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, for
the consideration of Congress, a report from
the Secretary of State, with accompanying
papers, concerning regulations for the consular
courts of the United States in Japan ; which
were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
st. marx's falls canal.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary ofWar, recommending an appro-
priation of $100,000 to oontinue the improve-
ment of the St. Mary's Falls canal, Michigan ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
CLAIM OF It. C. JACKSON.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a report
in relation to the claim of H. C. Jackson, of
Nashville, Tennessee; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
rebecca j. siieppakd.
On motion of Mr. MYERS, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 887) for the relief
of Rebecca J. Sheppard, of Philadelphia, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
regent of smithsonian institution.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, there is now
a vacancy in the Board of Regents of the
Smithsonian Institution. The Senate has
passed a joint resolution electing General Sher-
man to fill that vacancy. I ask unanimous
consent that the joint resolution (S. R. No.
302) for the appointment of General William
T. Sherman a regent of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution be taken from the Speaker's table for
consideration now.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information.
The joint resolution, which was read, ap-
points General William T. Sherman a member
of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution, in- place of Richard Delafield,
resigned.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this joint resolution at the
present time?
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I object.
john harkins.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, _ by
unanimous consent, obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the House papers relat-
ing to the claim of John Harkins, late a lieu-
tenant in the thirty-ninth Kentucky infantry,
reconsideration 01? references.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsiderthe
various votes by which bills, joint resolutions,
&c., have this day been referred or recommit-
ted; and also move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. McCIlARY. I now move that tho House
tak§ a recess.
Mr. YOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, is it pro-
posed to hold a session this evening for busi-
The SPEAKER. The House will meet us
in Committee of the Whole at seven and a
half o'clock for debate only, no business what-
ever to be transacted. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Upson] will occupy the chair. To-
morrow the House will also meet as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, for debate only, and the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Chcrchii.t.]
will occupy the chair.
The motion of Mr. MeCRARY was agreed
to ; and accordingly (at four o'clock and fifteen
minutes p. m.) tho House took a recess until
seven and a half o'clock p. in.
EVENING SESSION.
x\t half past seven o'clock p. m. the House
reassembled.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Ursox
in the chair.) The House, under previous
order, meets this evening for debate alone, no
business whatever to be transacted ; and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Air. Kellky]
is entitled to the floor.
DOMtNlCA.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, the desire of
President Grant to acquire direct trade with
and a footing upon San Domingo, the richest
of the West India islands, is inspired by a keen
perception of the commercial requirements of
the country, and sanctioned by the action of
Washington and his most illustrious success-
ors in the presidential office. Oil tbe 14th
of October, 1789, less than six months after his
inauguration, Washington addressed an auto-
graph letter to Mr. Gouverneur Morris, who
was then representing us in Europe, in which
he said -.
" Let it be strongly impressed on your mind that
the privilege of carrying our productions m our
own vessels to their islands, and bringing in return
the piuductions of those islands to our ports and
markets, is regarded here as ot the greatest import-
ance. "
Time and observation increased Washing-
ton's appreciation of the importance of this
trade to our country. He adhered to the
point with the tenacity which characterizes
the efforts of President Grant. And in his
letter of instructions to Mr. Jay, our minister
to England, nearly five years after his letter
to Mr. Morris, in May, 1794, he said:
"If to tho actual footing of our commerce and
navigation in the British Kuropean dominions could
be added the privilege of carrying direetl,^trom the
United Stages to the British West Indies, in our bot-
toms Generally, or of certain xpectjiedburdens. the articles
which by the act of J'arliameat, (28 Geo. III., chap. 6,)
may be carried thither in Britixh bottom v and of bring-
ing others thence directly tothe United Stales in Amer-
ican bottoms, this would afford an acceptable basis
of treaty for a term not, exceeding fifteen years."
It was not, however, permitted the Father
of his Country to secure to its people this im-
portant commercial privilege, even as to a few
articles and in vessels of limited tonnage.
Presidents Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Mon-
roe, aud John Quincy Adams made the same
object^ a leading feature of their respective
administrations, but with like want of success.
It is possible that the younger Adams might
have succeeded but for the fact that what Wash-
ington and the others had sued for as a priv-
ilege he demanded as a right. By thus placing
the negotiation upon a new footing he failed
as the others had done. At the end of more
than forty years, however, President Jackson
succeeded in accomplishing this fflQst desirable
