184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Ho. 03? Bep;
Foreign Policy of the Government-—3Ir. Mwngen.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
that the rule of its Czars is upheid by the im-
plicit obedience of vast masses of Slavonians,
whose ignorance, abasement, and superstition
render them the docile instruments of oppres-
sion. That is the " front of brass of the pagod
thing," as Byron says.
But let us see. It is below the mark to esti-
mate that there are at least sixteen millions
in that empire who are not Slavonians, includ-
ing Finns, natives of tHe Baltic provinces,
Germans, Caucasians, Transcaucasians, Tar-
tars, and other races. Among the sixty mil-
lions remaining are sixteen million Poles
within the Russian empire, who, though Sla-
vonians, hear an nnextinguishable hatred to
its rule, in the conterminous empires of Aus-
tria, Turkey, and Prussia are probably twenty-
five or twenty-six million more Slavonians, in-
cluding Poles, Bulgarians, Bohemians, Serves,
Croats, Kuthenians, Slavonians proper, Bos-
liiacKs, Ulyro-Dalmatians, Montenegrins, and
others. This makes the whole Slavonic race
or family in and out of Russia about eighty-six
millions. But though they all speak a tongue
of Slavonic derivation, it is divided into more
languages than that of the Latin family. They
differ in religion, in habits, and traditions, and
bitter animosities exist between them.
We may as well talk of the Latin family in
Europe, aud take France, half of Belgium,
Spain, Portugal, Italy, the Moldo-Wallachians.
They are about as numerous us the Slavo-
nians ; the languages they speak of a common
derivation do not differ more from each other
than those of the Slavonians. They are all
of one religion ; yet we know that between
French, Spanish, Portuguese and Italians have
been centuries of war and no intimate fellow-
sVip. We know that we are of remote rela-
tionship to that so called Anglo-Saxon race—
an improper appellation invented 1 believe by
Sharon Turner, but convenient to designate
that mixture of Celts, Greeks, Latins, Danes,
Northmen, Anglo-Ssixons, Teutons, ajid French
who compiise the population of Great Britain
and tlie United States, who speak the English
language, and in which mass there is not ten
per cent., nay, probably not live, of the Anglo-
Saxon blood. We not only have the same
origin, speak the same language, have the same
literature, but in most respects the same laws
and habits ; yet do we, the people of the Uni-
ted States, feel any fraternal or sentimental
regard for the British people; and have not
two out of three of our foreign wars been with
tlicm ?
Now, the Slavonians differ in religion.
Some, the Poles and Croatians, are Roman
Catholics, and the Poles in and out of Russia
number from twenty-four to twenty-six mil-
lions. Others, the Muscovites, or real Rus-
sians, the Litt.lo Russians aud Cossacks, the
Bulgarians, Servians, &e., belong to the Greek
church. Others, again, are Protestants, and a
lew even are Mohammedans, Most of them dis-
like each other as much as reciprocally do the
Spaniards the Portuguese, and the Hollanders
the Belgians. The hatred of the Poles to Rus-
sian rule is universal, unextinguishable, and
so profound as to have required unexampled
oppression and persecution—political, social,
and religious—to engender and justify such
hostility of feeling. So much for the phantom
of Pan-Slavism. We may as reasonably,
because there are eighty million Latins and
about seventy-five or eighty million so-called
Anglo-Saxons, bring into a prospective calcu-
lation the elements of a Pau-Latmism, (which
Louis Napoleon tested in Mexico,) or a Pan-
Anglo-Saxonism.
The real strength of the Russian despotism
is to be found only in its own Slavonic popu-
lation, after the Poles have been deducted, or
among the remaining forty-four millions : and
there its chief reliable element is among the
Muscovites, the real Russians, from Great
Russia, for the Little Russians and Cossacks,
originally a Polish stock, are a far less manage-
able people. The ignorant, barbarous, and
superstitious masses of the Muscovites have
been hitherto devoted to the Czars ; but the
educated classes among .them sigh for a change
of government. Their dreams are for some
measure of personal freedom and independ-
ence, not of extended national dominion, which
would only rivet fetters which they have the
enlightenment to feel. But even among the
brutalized masses of the Muscovites vague
ideas of freedom are fermenting which assume
the form of communistic aspirations. All
others, Slavonian or otherwise, who have been
under Russian rule within the empire, or
who, beyond its pale, have come in contact
with or acquired any knowledge of it, loathe
its very name. And herein you have "the
feet^of clay of the pagod thing," and the provi-
dential,limitation of the extension of a Power
which has been, and yet is, strong enough to
do and to be doing incalculable mischief to a
great portion of mankind.
But if Russia were, in truth, the mighty
colossus, the growing giant., she is represented
to be, and held out to us, disinterestedly, the
hand of friendship and alliance, let us see
what we can gain by it in any possible contin-
gency. If we were even engaged in a war
in which we required allies, do we want her
armies? Could she possibly ever place them
where they would be useful if we did? Can
she furnish us money from her exhausted
treasury, or can her poor and overburdened
population furnish us? As to her military, it
is an interesting fact, not generally known, but
for the accuracy of which [ vouch, that when
the war began between Russia and Turkey,
which led to Frcnch and British intervention,
one single New York steamboat-man offered
to contract with the Turkish government to
drive from the Black sea that Russian fleet
which Russia was finally compelled to destroy
at Sebastopol, after such an expenditure of
blood and treasure. That individual was
George Law. He bad his eye on two naval
officers for the command: one then in his ser-
vice, who subsequently became an admiral in
our Navy; the other became a major general
in our struggle. There was nothing visionary
in his project. He then controlled eight or
ten steamships, the slowest of which was sev-
eral knots an hour faster than any vessel in any
European service. This was proved when
exactly the slowest, after they had passed out
of his hands, were used by the French Govern-
ment as transports. The Dahlgren eleven-inch
gun was of larger caliber and longer range than
any ship-gun then used in Europe, lie pro-
posed to use twelve-inch Dahlgrens. Two or
three vessels with such comparative speed
and superiority of armament would, with im-
punity, have made mince meat of both the
fleets which fought at Trafalgar.
In war the alliance of such free cities as
Hamburg or Bremen, when they were so, was
far more valuable to us, or, if they were not
ours already, that of a single one of our third
or fourth class ports and cities, such as Balti-
more or Boston.
Let us soe what we gain in time of peace by
our alliance with Russia. Is it vast and mutu-
ally beneficial commercial intercourse ? No ;
our total commerce, exports and imports, with
this vast empire of seventy-six millions of pop-
ulation, is utterly insignificant, besides being
fluctuating and uneeitain. It will scarce be
credited by those who have not examined the
record that, as before remarked, it is a most
trifling percentage of our trade with Great
Britiiiu, France, and other countries. Turning
to the official Russian tables of 1863, in the
Gotha Almanac, I find it, including exports,
lo be only 1,900,000 roubles, or §1,765,000, not
much overamiuion and three quarters of dol-
lars. The same authority gives our trade with
Great Britain in 1864 at $190,000,000, and with
France at $38,000,000, Russia's trade being
less than one per cent, of that with Great
Britain. In fact, the, trade with Russia would
not support the smallest port of entry, and
there are single firms in New York and other
cities who do a larger business in dry goods
and groceries. A, T. Stewart does a business
alone of from fifty to sixty million dollars
annually.
Neither is it a commerce that can grow to
any importance, for the reason that all the
staples Russia produces and exports are staples
which we produce and export as well. Russia
wants nothing of ours nor we of hers, nor are
we reciprocally ever likely to want it.
That is not all. Russia is detrimental to us
as a rival in the markets of Europe, from which
her competition, aided by our high protective
tariff, shuts us out. We could well afford
yearly to give as a bonus many times the mon-
eyed value of our total intercourse with her
if there wore no such country in the world.
That competition reaches us even at our own
doors. Spain, whose narrow policy never
allowed her colonies to produce wheat, or wine,
or oil, or anything she grew at home, obliged
Cuba to take all her flour from Spain. Some
years ago the mother, or step-mother country,
being straitened by short harvests, had no flour
to export. Instead of allowing the island to
supply itself from the United States, and not
more than eighty miles away, the Spanish Gov-
ernment placed on American flour duties of
from ten to sixteen dollars per barrel, or from
two to three hundred per cent., and making a
monopoly of its importation from Europe,
drew it from Russia, five or six thousand mile3
away; and by such prohibitory duties, besides
vast profits, was enabled to force the Cubans
to purchase a barrel or bag of damaged flour
with every barrel of wholesome flour.
There are now, Mr. Speaker, more ways than
one by which the best interests of the uncon-
scious citizens of this great and free Republic
have been injured by the wretched foreign
policy—if wo have any policy at all—of our
State Department,, which has so long hugged
to its bosom the Russian despotism, while for
sister republics or patriots struggling for free-
dom, as in Cuba, it has only frowns ; and thus
it helps to strangle liberty almost within sight
of our own shores. Now, as to the friendship
which Russia, or rather its masters and its
agents here, have been so ostentatiously cul-
tivating, let us examine its sincerity by the
light of a little common sense.
If the Americans would only put them-
selves for a moment in the place of these sov-
ereigns and princes, or reigning over consti-
tutional and more or less limited monarchies,
they would see at once what the true feelings
of the princes must be toward our Republic.
They would see at once their hypoCritic blan-
dishments and professions, taken at their true
value. For argument's sake, we will grant
that the constitutional sovereigns of England,
Sweden, Denmark, Holland, Belgium, Italy,
and Portugal are honest in their intention to
preserve the compact with their people, be-
cause it might be unsafe to do otherwise; and
that they prefer, for thetnselves and their suc-
cessors, in view of the greater security, a con-
stitutional to a despotic crown with its accom-
panying dangers. Still, they cannot but know-
that the success of a great republic must, by
degrees, impair the stability even of that con-
stitutional throne. But they have only one
immediate successor, and usually other chil-
dren to provide for ; and these, in their view,
can only be suitably provided for by intermar-
riage with other sovereign families, great or
small; and these, in proportion to the more
or less arbitrary character of their Govern-
ment, are theatened by the example and sue-
