1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1619
the facts which I will state. The reason why
I ask an increase of this appropriation is just
this: the House of Representatives a few
days since, passed a bill authorizing certain
parties, under the preemption laws, to enter
each forty acres of timber land. In the Ter-
ritory of Montana there has never yet been an
acre of timber land surveyed. It is necessary
that those timber lands should be surveyed,
both for the interest of the Territory aud the
interest of the United States, because, while
enabling the Government to dispose of its
public lands, it at the same time opens up the
Territory to actual settlement. The surveyor
general recommended an appropriation of
$45,000. Thirty thousand dollars were voted
last year; but that was not sufficient; and
I ask now in behalf of the settlers upon the
public lands in Montana that this $10,000
additional be given for the purpose of these
surveys. And I desire to state further to the
chairman of the committee that in making
appropriations for the survey of the public
lands the Government receives compensation,
because the lands cannot be entered and can-
not be taken up until surveyed. For that
reason I trust the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] will refrain from antagon-
izing my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Colorado, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile
for standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and
ten dollars for section lines, $40,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to inquire
why the rates are so much higher for surveys
in Colorado than in these other Territories?
Mr. DAWES. It is because in Kansas and
some of the Territories surveying is much
cheaper than in Montana, Colorado, and
Idaho.
Mr. MAYNARD. I also notice that the i
same rates are fixed for surveying the prairies
of Minnesota.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman must see,
froin bis knowledge of the topography of the
two different countries, that it must cost twice
as much for surveying in Colorado as for sur-
veying the prairies of Minnesota.
Mr. MAYNARD. Minnesota is not amount-
ainous country, according to the information
I have, while I always had supposed that Mon-
tana was a mountainous country.
Mr. DAWES. Exactly so. Now, what is
the gentleman's complaint?
Mr. MAYNARD. My complaint is that
one is either much too little or the other far
too great.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I will explain
to the gentleman from Tennessee. In Min-
nesota all the public lands composing prairies
have been surveyed, and the surveying here-
after to be done will be of timber lands and
rougli country; and, as a consequence, the
Government is not able to get the surveys
made at the same price as formerly.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move the following amend-
ment:
For the survey of the public lands within the limits
of the land grant to the Kansas Pacific Railroad
Company in tlioTerritory of Colorado, $30,000: Pro-
vided, That the foregoing appropriations for sur-
veys of public lands within the limits eft the above
railroad land grants shall bo conditional upon the
compliance of said companies or parties in interest
with the requirements of the twenty-first section
of the act of July 2,1861, entitled " An act to amend
an act to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the Paoific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the use of
the same for postal, military, aud other purposes,"
approved July 1, 18o2. (Statutes, vol. 13, page 3G5.)
The Clerk read as follows :
For surveying the public lands in Idaho, at rates
not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten
for section lines, $20,000.
Mr. SHAFER. I move, in line four hun-
dred and thirteen, to strike out "$20,000"
andinsert "$30,000." The appropriations for
surveys heretofore made for the Territory of
Idaho have been extremely limited, and the
inconveniences which have resulted have been
such that I have to ask the House to make this
appropriation larger. In southern Idaho there
is one settlement of about fifteen hundred
persons who have been living there for four,
five, or six years, and not one single acre of
land has ever been surveyed in that por-
tion of the Territory. And I have abundant
assurance that next spring there will be a
large immigration to the Bear river and Bear
lake country. In northern Idaho also oar
surveys have been extremely limited, and it is
very desirable, as that portion of the country
has been settled up for five or six years, that
those surveys should be made, so that the men
who have settled there may acquire a title to
their lands.
There is another reason also for my amend-
ment. There is a large body of mining lands
in the Territory of Idaho, none of which have
ever been surveyed, and it is desirable that
they also should be surveyed. I have there-
fore to ask the House to increase this appro-
priation from $20,000 to $30,000. I believe
that in offering this amendment I have the
concurrence of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and I trust there will be
no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For surveying the public lands in California, at
rates not exceeding eighteen dollars per lineal mile
for standard lines, fifteen dollars for township, and
twelve dollars for section lines, $70,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
paragraph by striking out the words "eight-
een," "fifteen," and "twelve," and inserting
in lieu thereof "fifteen," "twelve," and
" ten,"respectively ; so that it will read :
For surveying the public lands in California, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten
dollars for section lines, $70,000.
There can be no sort of reason for these
high rates. The reason previously given does
not exist here why there should be so much
higher rates for surveying California, as com-
pared with Arizona and New Mexico and
Colorado. The forests of Minnesota do not
occur as a reason. There is no reason. Cali-
fornia is not now what it once was, an un-
known, almost unheard of, fabulous region.
It is one of the loveliest spots in this whole
country. And any man who is engaged in
surveying, if he were to take his choice of all
parts of the United States where he would go
and work day after day, mile after mile, would
select this beautiful land of fruits and flowers,
and all that is lovely and precious, above any
other part of the United States. Why, sir, in
Arizona, where the surveyors are among the
Apaches and the Arapahoes, far from civiliza-
tion and from all its delights and pleasures,
the committee think that fifteen dollars per
mile is sufficient and abundantly ample. But
when we strike California, where so different
a state of things prevails, we have an increase
of twenty per cent, for all the different classes
of surveys. I think, then, that this amend-
ment ought to prevail, and that the sums stated
in the section should be reduced.
I know very well the argument with which
I will be met. I see my friend over there from
California [Mr. Sargent] rising to give it.
We bad that argument here for many years:
that prices were so high and the cost of living
so great that all their supplies had to be carried
around the Horn, or over the Isthmus, or across
the plains. Those reasons no longer operate.
California now abounds in breadstuffs, and in
all that supports life, and the reasons that
operated for those enormous salaries and enor-
mous appropriations which we find placed with
reference to California in the legislation of ten,
fifteen, or twenty years ago, no longer obtain
owing to the facilities of intercourse.
And this—and I want to call the attention
of the House to the fact—is one of the indirect
advantages, and not one of the least of them,
attendant upon the building of the Pacific rail-
road: that it has equalized the style of living
on both sides of the continent, and has brought
down the fabulous prices which then prevailed,
and which found their way into our legislation.
I submit, then, that we might as well begin here
aud equalize the prices for the whole country
and give no more to California than we give to
any part of the country where the same amount
of work and the same sort of work is to be done.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the amount
faxed in this bill is the same that was fixed
last year for California, Oregon, and Wash-
ington Territory. It was done upon the spe-
cial recommendation of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office and of the Secretary
of the Interior, for the reason that surveys
were practically suspended in the State from
the fact that they could not get the surveying
done for the rate fixed by law. The valleys
which the gentleman has so poetically painted
are nearly all surveyed. The surveys now are
made in the mountains, where we have some
seventy-five or one hundred thousand people,
in those two States and in that Territory, and
where are their homes. These surveys are
partly for the purpose of giving effect to the
mining legislation last session, under which
for the first time you recognized the principle
of.preemption in placer-mining claims and
authorized those claims to be surveyed and
brought into market. By reason of that legis-
lation hundreds of thousands of dollars will
pour into the Treasury at the purchase price
of those lands. Now these mining claims and
our mountain homes are scattered through the
mountains, all the way up from a thousand to
seven thousand feet above the level of the
sea. Many of them are situated upon yawning
canons. I know of places in my own district
where a bird flying from one point to another
would traverse only two and a half miie3, while
a wagon-road between those points runs a dozen
miles to get around the cafion.
These surveys have to be made on mount-
ains densely covered with chaparral, which
obstructs the views of the surveyors, so that
often they are compelled to cut a way for a con-
siderable distance before they cau get sight of
an advanced station. These surveys are to
be made upon heavily timbered mountain
ranges, and hence the necessity of paying this
amount of eighteen dollars a lineal mile for
the purpose of makiDg surveys. This is no.t
peculiar to California, and I do not place it
upon the ground of the extra cost of living
there, although, in spite of the construction of
the Pacific railroad, the cost of living has not
been equalized ; and I will remark to my friend
that the actual cost of living there cannot well
be ascertained by any gentleman who visits
the State casually, who gets his tickets free
upon the railroads, and all other means of
transportation without cost, and whose hotel
bills are paid, and even his champagne bills
and cigars, by generous people. No man can
arrive at a proper estimate of the comparative
expense of living under those circumstances.
I have lived among my people for nearly half
my life, and I know that the expenses are
greater at the present time than they are in
other parts of the country.
This is no innovation made by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations. It is the recommend-
ation of the Department; and I want to tell
my friend that our people press for these ap-
propriations, that our material interests are
impeded for want of surveys, and these cannot
be prosecuted unless you make a decent appro-
priation for them. This is the recommend-
ation of the Department that has this matter
in charge, and furthermore an appropriation
which would suffice to survey all the lands in
California which can be entered for settlement
would bring three or four million dollars into
the Treasury. We charge the maximum price
for all the lands sold for mining purposes ex-
cept the quartz lands, for which we charge five
dollars an acre. Then, too, a large portion
of the State is traversed by land-grant rail-
