J 871 .j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Foreign Policy of the Government—Mr. llungen.
Ho. or Reps.
cess of a great republic, just as they are all
interested in the permanency of the great Rus-
sian despotism, on which they have repeat-
edly leaned and recovered themselves when
tottering or overwhelmed by popular upris-
ings. The breaking up of a republic whose
prosperity and growth threaten the future of
their children, if not their own security, is,
therefore, what they all must and do in their
hearts desire, with an ardor proportioned to
the difference of the systems over which they
preside from ours. Outside of rivalry—for
these sovereigns who throw populations and
provinces as you would bones to a dog, and
then quarrel at times like dogs over them—■
outside of rivalry, the Czars of Russia have
a great hatred to France and England; the
one as a country of probable revolution, and
the other as a constitutional mqparchy: be-
cause constitutional monarchies are an eye-
sore iu their sight and endanger autocracy by
example and prosperity.
In such eyes be sure a democratic form of
government is simply an abomination. But
as the Russian emperors, who would give the
brightest jewels in their crown to see our
Republic swallowed by an earthquake or go
out iu anarchy and blood, can do nothing
toward our overthrow, nothing to retard our
prosperity, they conclude to cajole and cat's-
paw us by using us in some future contingency,
by pitting us against some of those Powers
they liate only less than ours, and with whom
they have more proximate rivalities of inter-
est. It we can gain nothing from the friend-
ship of Russia, can any one suppose that she
does not see where she can make our friend-
ship, gained by a few honeyed words, avail her?
Do you think that she did not perceive that
the United States before the late_ rebellion in
maritime power was wing and wing with and
about to pass Great Britain, and that in the
long run must and will, with a change of our
foreign policy, which is certain to occur,
resume her prime place upon the ocean? Do
you think it never occurred to her that if she
were involved in a contest with Great Britain
or France or Germany embroiling the United
States with them, or drawing us into an entang-
ling alliance with her, might facilitate her
ambitious designs upon her neighbors?
But if Russia really were strong, if our in-
tercourse with her were valuable, if her friend-
ship were sincere, and if the advantages of
political intimacy with her were reciprocal,
which they are not, should we desire any fel-
lowship with a Government, a system, and a
people so diametrically antithetic to our own?
Whatever analogies may have been invented
or fancied, we are in all things—in history, in
our own condition, in the principles we re-
spectively represent, in our past, in our pres-
ent, in our prospective future—as far apart as
the poles. Russia is a semi-Asiatic ana semi-
barbarous despotism, glossed over with the
varnish of civilization, and using the appli-
ances of that civilization to retard its march,
just as the eagle was stricken by a shaft feath-
ered from its own wing. While it is true that
the surface of the country resembles ours, as a
regionhalf of forest andhalf of prairie, nature,
as if to mark the difference, has made these
extend east and west with us and north and
south with her.
When some two centuries and a half ago a
handful of our race felled the first trees and
drove the first plow into the soil in our wilder-
ness, the Muscovites, the real Russians, the
only Russian nation, had been, as history shows
us, for seven centuries before settled upon
theirs. Conquered by a few Scandinavian
adventurers under Ruric, (for they have no
history before,) they were numerous enough
to have constituted a considerable people at
that time; and beneath his rule and guidance,
and that of his successors, and under the Scan-
dinavian laws and supremacy, formed the great
republic of Novgorod, and afterward Kiew
(Kief) in southern Russia. The blood of the
guiding race, shed in distant operations, or its
descendants, enervated or demoralized by con-
tact with the vices and corruption of the Byzan-
tine empire, the capital of which they threat-
ened or besieged, became in a few centuries,
as we would say, "played "out;" and, left so
to themselves, these Muscovites were overrun
and subjugated by the Mongolian and Tartar
hordes, comparatively insignificant in num-
bers, who ruled them with an iron rod for two
centuries, destroyed the civilization the Scan-
dinavians had imported, and kept them trib-
utary long after, till they relapsed into barbar-
ism and insignificance.
From barbarism partially, and from insig-
nificance as a country and people, the Rus-
sians were drawn by the vigorous hand of Peter
the Great, who is said to have combined in his
person all the prominent characteristics of the
civilized man and of the savage, or rather of
the gross barbarian, but whose figure looms up
in history like that of a grand, rough-hewn
statue, stained with the mud and filth of the
shamble-sewer in which it had been rolled.
We admire him as the voluntary ship-carpen-
ter in the dock-yards ofDeptford and Saardam,
or submitting to drill as a corporal and ser-
geant, thus breaking the power of patriarchs,
Boyars, and Strelitzes, and through the tram-
mels of conventionality, superstition, and pre-
judice. We admire him when vanquished with
eighty thousand men by four thousand Swedes
at Narva for persevering till at length he stood
victorious over Charles XII, on the field of
Pultowa; and for liis judgment in selecting for
his empress a camp-follower, the captive and
widowed wife of a Swedish soldier, the first
Catharine, who saved him afterward by her
woman's wit when hopelessly encompassed by
the Turks.
But we turn with horror from his cruelties;
from the murder of his son, from the infliction
of the torture of the knout on hisinnocent first
wife, and from the spectacle of a prince behead-
ing his subjects with his own hand till his arm
was tired and then sitting down to see the
butchery pei formed by others. Nor can we
read without disgust of his coarse and bestial
habits; visiting foreign courts with half a dozen
concubines with their bastard children, and all
traveling in the company of his wife ; and that
one of his pastimes was to resort with his favor-
ite, Menchikoff, to kabacs, or low drinking-
shops, where bets were made by the guests
on races between vermin picked from their
bodies, which is still a popular amusement with
the lower classes of Russians; and on such
occasions, when he could not find on his own
person pedicnlre sufficiently vigorous and fleet,
expected Menchikoff to procure one, and
whaled him soundly with his stick if he failed
to do so. Yet Peter the Great made Russia
a power in the world, and first established lier
in the European family of nations.
It may be said that in the beginning of the
last century, midway in his reign, Russia
obtained a fair start. The Russian empire
before he died was computed to contain some
twenty-five or thirty millions, at a time when
our American colonial population was less
than a million. From that time to the pres-
ent the population of the Russian empire,
with all the same natural advantages we have
enjoyed, has hardly augmented threefold ; and
more than one third of that accretion having
been by conquest over still unreconciled races,
it results that the Russian people have barely
doubled in one hundred and fifty or one hun-
dred and sixty years; while we, trammeled for
nearly half that time by the leading-strings of i
the mother country, have multiplied oar pop- ;
ulation forty times. _ i
The United Kingdom of Great Britain, |
though then comparatively densely peopled,
has meanwhile fourfold augmented her pop-
ulation by natural increase, besides some
twenty times multiplying it by conquest. To-
day in her Indian empiret for all practical pur-
poses divided from England by nearly half
the circumference of the globe, she has more
miles of railroad in operation than there are
in the Russian empire. Look at these facts,
and then say whether you can call Russia a
progressive country, and tell me, if you can,
where in these respects there is any analogy
between her and ourselves.
Where she is thrust forward as the repre-
sentative of the Cross, against the Crescent and
of religious toleration against Mohammedan in-
tolerance, have you inquired on what grounds?
While so-called religious liberty exists in Rus-
sia, that is to say that certain recognized creeds
are tolerated, it is not permitted their mem-
bers to change to any other than the Russo-
Greek State religion. For instance, a Calvin-
ist, or a Lutheran, or an Episcopalian cannot
become a Methodist or Roman Catholic, and
vice versa. If they change it must be to the
Russo-Greek church, of which the Czar is the
supreme pontiff. In the reign of Nicholas its
hierarchy—metropolitans, archbishops, ex-
archs, and all—were under the direction, tem-
poral and spiritual, ofa board consisting chiefly
of army officers. There was then a numerous
community of Roman Catholics who had, from
their first conversion to Christianity, been part
of the Roman Catholic church, but whom the
Popes permitted to say mass in the Slavonic
language. The Emperor Nicholas decided by a
ukase that they were members of his church.
They resisted, and then began a persecution
unparalleled since the Middle Ages, and in
comparison with which Louis the Fourteenth's
revocation of the celebrated edict of Nautes
was a mild proceeding. Scores of thousands of
the united Greeks were flogged to death or
perished through mal-treatment and privation,
or died upon their way to the distant exile to
which they were condemned. The populations
of whole villages and towns were uprooted and
transported thousands of versts away, to begin
life anew in a strange and distant home in a
state of utter destitution. These united Greeks,
thus persecuted into compliance, amounted to
three millions. There is no more revolting
chapter in the history of religious persecution
than that of the Minsk nuns of Poland by
Nicholas. In the space of a few months all
this community of helpless, harmless women
had died under the infliction of repeated
scourgings and other cruelties, such as drag-
ging them through and half drowning them in
ponds, and other horrors unnamabie, except-
ing two, the abbess and one nun, who escaped
to France. The agents and advocates of
Russia denied and ridiculed the story, declar-
ing that no such convent had ever existed,
that the abbess named had lived aud died
centuries ago, that the infliction of corporal
punishment could not occur in the Russian
empire, and that the only punishments author-
ized by law for religious derelictions were of
the mildest nature.
But the controversy which ensued, and in
which the poetess, Mrs. Norton, and daugh-
ter of the gifted Sheridan, as well as the cele-
brated General Henningsen, bore noble parts,
ended conclusively by fixing public opinion
against the defenders of Russia, by the pro-
duction of the published official Russian list,
in which both the convent and the abbess
were named, by the authentication of lier
status by the Pope, and by the invitation
given to ladies to see for themselves the ter-
rible marks upon her person and that of her
companion in misfortune, at the convent of
the Sacrfi Cdeur at Paris, where they obtained
asvlum.
Jews iu Russia, if unconverted, though sub- •
