186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Ho. of Reps.
Foreign Policy of the Government—Mr. Mungen.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
jeets of the Russian empire, from which prac-
tically they are not allowed to depart, are not
permitted, without special license, to reside in
or even to enter Great Russia or Russia proper.
Such is the religious toleration of Russia. Only
last year the Russian Jews appealed to the
President for protection.
Now, the intolerant Turk, as he is called,
thougli he forbids Mohammedans to change
their faith, allows all other sects and religions to
worship as they please, without let, hinderance,
Or molestation, and of late years Christians are
eligible to and do fill the highest offices of the
State. On native dissidents, Christian, Jew,
or pagan, he imposes or did impose a poll tax
of about one dollar and a quarter a year; but
in return they were exempted from the con-
scription to which Mohammedans were sub-
ject, while Russia imposes a poll-tax on all her
subjects not noble, and conscripts dissidents
besides, including Jews. Sometimes, indeed,
in Turkey, when a bishop or abbot of the Greek
church administers discipline by the scourge or
by incarceration, the party disciplined appeals
to the Turkish authorities, anil as such things
are unknown among them they protect the
appellant from such treatment. Thereupon is
generally raised a cry of religious persecution
and inteiference with the Greek church. Rus-
sia sends threatening notes. The French and
British embassadors advise the Porte to con-
cede, which, for the sake of peace, he does, or
did before the capture of Sebastopol; and so
the persecuted Greek bishops and abbots could
continue, with the sanction of the Czar, to dis-
cipline their flocks as Turkish officials could
not dare to do with Mohammedan, Christian,
or Jew.
As a defender of the Christian faith, Russia
did nothing but crouch, cower and submit,
when it was menaced by Asiatic inroads,
while Poland and Hungary were for centuries
the breastwork, or breakwater protecting Chris-
tian Europe. Russia who took her Christianity
from the depraved Byzantines and has molded
that religion and her policy on their pattern
is the exponent in the East of that kind of
Christianity in a more degenerate form than it
has ever descended to among any except the
Abyssinians or the South American Indians.
By comparison the Creseentof the Moslem, with
nil its materialism, shines brightly beside this
travesty of the desecrated Cross. This Greek
church is a mere parody of the church of Rome,
■with all its pomps, and forms, and ceremo-
nies, and superstitions infinitely multiplied, but,
without its spiritualism, learning, devotion, or
love of art.
The Greek church has never called to its aid
classic knowledge, or architecture, or sculp-
ture, or painting, or music. Its temples are
barbaric, their adornments gaudy. Hideous
conventional pictures of saints are enshrined
in jeweled plates of silver or gold, having fam-
ily resemblance to Hindoo and Chinese idols.
The clergy, with few exceptions, are ignorant
and piofligate,drunkaids, gamble! s,and cheats.
Their flocks ate plunged in the lowest depths
of superstitution ; and one result, either of
their ministry or of the civilizing influence
of the Czars, or of both, is that all who have
come in contact with members of the Greek
church, and especially of its Russian members,
and have also come in contact with the Moham-
medan Turks, agree that it is as rare to find a
Russian who is truthful or honest as it is to
find a Turk who is otherwise.
The rule of the Czars over the masses of
the Russian people or Muscovites, who, except-
ing the enlightened minority, are their willing
slaves, and other nationalities unwillingly sub-
servient, has resulted in a manner sad to con-
template. Between them I hey constitute Rus-
sia. On one part the Romanoff family, on
the other the sevent.y-six millions. The one
family enlightened by contact wjth western
civilization a century and three quarters ago
and ever since are alone to blame, the seventy-
six millions to be pitied. We in the United
States know, more or less, what we have come
to in the past one hundred and seventy-five
years. Let us inquire, with all the immeasur-
able advantages in her favor, what Russia has
since become.
Vast, inaccessible, undisturbed, beyond ex-
ample in Europe during that time, the bulk of
her people are the poorest fed, the filthiest, the
most ignorant, the most oppressed of any in
Europe. With an immense area of unculti-
vated, virgin soil, which they have been occu-
pying, as we know, for one thousand years,
their food is coarse, the luxuries they enjoy are
fewer, their poverty is more heavily taxed than
that of any of the white race anywhere ; and
the average of human life as a consequence is
shorter.
While Russia competes with us in the sale of
our surplus wheat, which we only export as
surplus and after the poorest of our citizens
are satisfied, the vast majority of the Russian
population export because they cannot afford
to eat it, and do not, except on Sundays and
holidays. Their daily food is rye bread with
fermented cabbage, a little buckwheat with a
seasoning of tallow or hemp-seed oil.
The Emperor Alexander, after he inter-
views one of his Muscovite subjects, always
had pastils burned. The Russians steam and
bathe themselves at least twice a week, but
rarely change or wash their clothes monthly,
or even for many months. They bathe and
steam themselves in public baths—men, women
and children, old and young, promiscuously;
after which they rush out, without even a fig-
leaf, to roll in the snow. This of late years
the police has prohibited in cities and towns,
that is the rolling in the snow on the street;
but to this day and at this hour, while 1 am
speaking, there are multitudes of Russians,
male and female, thus disporting in their vil-
lages, which have populations larger, many of
them, than what we denominate cities. Can
we call this state of things civilization? This
is the condition of the governed millions; what
is that of the instruments of government?
The hundred be-titled and be-starred real-
ize incomes monthly greater than any of our
Presidents—at least until the present Adminis-
tration. Then comes the thousands, then the
tens of thousands of officials, who cannot pro-
vide uniforms on their pay, and who must
starve or steal, and they will not starve ; and I
scarce have the heart to blame them for not
so doing.
The Russian semi-Asiatic system is an in-
felicitous combination of the Byzantine and
Chinese. We cannot accuse it of Brahman-
ism or caste or aucestral worship, which are
almost synonymous, but it is a military Chinese
bureaucracy, universally characterized by the
most gross venality and extortion. All the
administrators of the law, all judges, all gov-
ernmentofficials, and all in governmentemploy
are uniformed, down even to the street lamp-
lighters. The officials are divided into fourteen
classes of nobility, which correspond with a
like number of military ranks. The most abject
servility is exacted by superiors from their
inferiors through these fourteen gradations.
Some whose opportunities are limited, though
with orders on their breasts or in their button-
holes, are without a shirt beneath their uni-
forms or stockings on their feet: others who
may be indifferently the sons of waiters or of
princes, on salaries of seventy-five to one hun-
dred dollars per year, drive fast teams, wear
kid gloves at a dollar a pair, and drink cham-
pagne daily at two to three dollars a bottle.
Officials with the rank of major will take a
bribe of a geiimik, or about eight cents of our
money, if they can get 110 more; and judges
bargaining for their decisions in cases before
them will stipulate for a case of wine to be
thrown in. All this notoriously goes on under
the very nose of the emperor as well as
throughout bis empire, notwithstanding laws
of the most Draconian severity to prevent it,
and it may be inferred how the governed
suffer.
Something of the same kind I know is done
among ourselves of late years. But though we
are a go-ahead people, and have progressed
faster than any other of whom we read in his-
tory, it would require us one hundred and fifty
years, although it is down hill all the way, to
descend to the level of Russian inbred cor-
ruption. In fact the empire of all the ltus-
sias, for so the emperor is styled—that is to
say, empire of Great Russia and Little Rus-
sia, and of Red Russia and of White Russia-
makes up altogether a very black Russia, which
might, indeed, the color alone, commend it
to some of the members of this House, and
certainly would to Russia's chief advocate in
the other wing of this building, were it not that
he has long been persuaded 011 other grounds.
We have probably all heard of the will of
Peter the Great, in which he directs his suc-
cessors to keep their eyes open and fixed on
Constantinople; and whether this be apoc-
ryphal or not, it is certain that they have done
so. All the difficulties between Russia and
Turkey for the last century, and more, have
been of the " wolf and lamb " character. Rus-
sia is like the fox in the fable, who when caught
on Christmas eve in the priest's poultry-yard
and taking liberties probably with his turkey,
excused himself by alleging that he was in-
spired by the pious motive of wishing to cele-
brate worthily so august a holiday.
We have been taught so persistently since
childhood that Russia will eventually drive the
Turks out of Europe and possess herself of
Constantinople that we almost regard it as
one of the inevitable facts of manifest destiny.
If this were a fact it is not desirable, and if it
were an accomplished fact, we ou^ht, in my
view, and in the best interests of Christianity
and civilization, to wish that the fact were re-
versed. ] f we believe in the Divine origin of our
religion, must we not suppose that its cause will
be eventually injured by its spread in so de-
graded a form as to bring it only into contempt
andto make Mohammedanism shine beside it by
comparison with the church of the Czars? Or
are we to believe that either the Turks, or the
Christian population of Turkey, or the Rus-
sians themselves, would be benefited or bet-
tered by the extension of a rule which has
degraded the Slavonians under it, below any
other Caucasian race ?
The Slavonians are, I believe, a Caucasian,
at all events a white race, and as a people
have no right to be measured by the same
standaid which we might use in estimating
savage negro sovereigns of whom we read, on
evidence of British and other European trav-
elers journeying in the interest of negrophobist
sentiment. When one of those African kings
is presented with a splendid rifle at the expense
of British, perhaps American, negro worship-
ers, he tests it by shooting an unoffending
passing woman. We are told that others brain
their wives or concubines with a club, and
afterward eat them ; and that when, in one
instance, a young woman, well conditioned in
flesh, was thus wantonly shot by way of amuse-
ment and experiment, the disgusting monster
swallowed raw the tid bit of fat that protruded
like marrow from the fatal bullet-hole in the
poor creature's side.
Neither have the Slavonians the right to
be weighed in the same scale with the prover-
bial eastern despots of Mongolian or Hindoo
breed, and their slaves or subjects, whose out-
rageous and fantastic cruelty have become a
by-word. We must judge Russia, or rather
its sovereigns—for they have made and kept
