1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1623'
fitting np the room, and preparing the boxes
and shelves for this cabinet. And it belongs
to the Government, and to no one else than the
Government. I think, therefore, that per-
haps the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] is mistaken about the service the late
Commissioner of the General Land Office has
rendered in the matter to which he has referred.
It was perhaps the service that the brother of
the Commissioner rendered; for if the gentle-
man will remember we paid him at the last
session of Congress some thirty-five hundred
dollars. The bill passed the Senate at this
session to pay him for that extra service.
Mr. BANKS. Is not that the service for
which the Attorney General's Office called
upon the Commissioner of the Land Office?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. If it was known
to have been proper and legitimate and val-
uable to the Government, why was not the
bill presented and passed upon its merits?
Mr. BANKS. We do not pretend that it
was a legitimate claim for him to make.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. If $10,000 is to
be given to this man let u3 say that we give it
to him, and not pretend that it is to buy a
cabinet from him that he never got up, that
never cost him a single dollar, and for which
the Government itself has paid all the ex-
penses.
Mr. BECK. I would not have said one word
upon this subject but for the onslaught made
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Kel-
set] upon his colleagues on the Committee on
Appropriations, under the privilege of general
debate. If I understood him correctly he said
he would not stand up here and see $10,000
stolen for this man, Joseph S. Wilson. Sir,
I want to say to him that all the rest of the
members of the Committee on Appropriations,
eight of them, who were in favor of allowing
this $10,000 to Mr. Wilson would be as far
from stealing from this Government for any
purpose as wonld the gentleman himself. The
facts in the case were laid before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and every member
of that committee but the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kelsey] were in favor of mak-
ing that allowance, and we did not suppose by
so doing that any member of the committee
"would stand on this floor and east any imputa-
tion, on the motives of his colleagues because
he happened to differ with them on this or any
other subject. I suppose we are all as honest
as the gentleman from New York.
We have laid before the House for their
consideration the facts in this case, and the
House can adopt or reject our recommenda-
tion ; there can be nothing dishonest or fraud-
ulent in that; and, notwithstanding the insane
aversion of the gentleman from New York
against this very meritorious officer, I believe
this Hquse ought to allow it to him, and will
do so. The only accusation that the gentle-
man from New York ever could make against
tbe late Commissioner of the General Land
Office was that he had neither squandered
nor stolen the public money in his charge
during all his long official career. When delin-
quent after delinquent was brought before the
Committee on Appropriations and censured for
expending not only all the balances they had,
but for creating deficiencies in violation of law
and of the known will of Congress, this officer
was faithfully accounting for every dollar, and
saving every dollar, and paying into the Treas-
ury annually largesuins as the unexpended bal-
ances of the appropriations for his office. That
money was then no longer underhis control nor
subject to his draft, but he could have expended
all the appropriations every year, and would
have done so if he had been like most of the
Others. The report of the Secretary made an-
nually to Congress shows how much the Com-
missioner had remaining annually of unex-
pended balances, that he could have spent and
would have spent but for the fact that he is
an economical and honest man ; so that there
could be no concealment about it. And the
gentleman from New York can find nothing
else against him except that he saved to the
Government in this way some four hundred
thousand dollars, which, according to rule, he
ought to have squandered or stolen.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman answer
a question?
Mr. BECK. Yes; any question the gentle-
man can ask.
Mr. KELSEY. Could he not have paid the
expenses of his office out of those balances ?
Mr. BECK. No; and he did not do so until
we appropriated those balances expressly for
that purpose. We gave him the authority to
draw on those unexpended balances and then
he did so, and not before; but even if he could,
and did not, what wrong was done? The money
was in the Treasury, properly accounted for,
and by reason of it we were able last year to
appropriate several hundreds of thousands of
dollars less than we would otherwise have been
compelled to do—and this enabled the gentle-
man's party to make pretense of economy by
appropriating that much less than formerly—
and now Mr. Wilson is abused for his integrity.
When this matter came up of paying Mr.
Wilson for the very meritorions work of col-
lecting such a museum as he had I went to
look at it. I never saw it before; I never heard
of it before. It is admitted by every man who
has seen it that it is actually and intrinsically
worth $500,000, and for scientific purposes
not less than $1,000,000; and yet the gentle-
man now says it is not worth a cent. There
is not a scientific man in the country who will
not say that it is worth an almost incalculable
sum for scientific purposes. Doubtless there
are men who have no appreciation of such
things as are collected in that museum, though
they inform the wo'rld of our vast undeveloped
wealth and resources. I suppose the gentle-
man from New York would not give a wagon
load of hay for a wagon load of the finest speci-
mens there, as far as their scientific value is
concerned. Everything depends on how peo-
ple look at things. There are hundreds of
negroes in my district who would not give a
dollar for the museum as such ; but that does
not argue that it is of no value.
I call attention to a letter which I have here,
from the man in charge of this museum to Mr.
Wilson within the last few days, which has
just been handed to me. Let it be published
with my remarks, as 1 have not time to read it.
He says:
■Washington, D. C., February 16,1871.
Beak Sir : In compliance with your request, I have
the honor to inform you that no systematic collec-
tion of minerals has been made in the General
Land Office prior to 1863, though a large quantity of
unlabeled copper ores from Lake Superior, including
a few specimens of iron, lead, and other ores, was
piled upon the table in the Commissioner's room;
also, a small ease containing a variety of gold and
silver ores was filled, which is still there. Several
hundred pounds of these specimens, not tons, (for the
the table would not have borne the weight.) were
transferred to the apartments now occupied by the
geological and mineralo'gical cabinet. They were
of little value to it, owing to the fact that they were
all of one kind and from one State, with a few ex-
ceptions. The real existence of the museum dates
from the 20th of March, 18(38, and I do not hesitate
to say that if it had been inaugurated ten years ago,
and if contributions had been coming in at the pres-
ent rate, we would have to-day a museum of geology
and mining that would rival anything of the kind in
the world.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. R. KOESSLER.
Hon. Joseph S. Wilson, Washington, D. G.
From that letter it will be seen that it is not
true that this museum was erected by Mr.
Edmunds, or originated by him. True he had
taken some steps in that direction ; but even
that much was due to Mr. Wilson, who was then
his chief clerk. Until 1868 this museum was not
organized ; and since that time it has gone on
increasing until ithas reached its present pro-
portions. The gentleman from California
[Mr. Saugent] and others brought in speci-
mens for Mr. Wilson and he put them in the
museum, when he might have kept them if he
had desired to do so ; but he did not, and the
country has the benefit of his work and his
property. It has not cost the Government a
cent except for clerk hire express charges,
and boxes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend this paragraph by increasing the
amount $500 for the purpose of saying a word
upon this subject. This gentleman has been
in office under several successive Administra-
tions; and no man has ever said or believed
that he did not do his duty fully, honestly, and
faithfully. More than that, he became an
enthusiast in his office, and worked very many
over-hours, as I was aware years ago. And
in his work of over-hours he devoted his time
to putting this museum in order.
,1 agree that some of these minerals came to
him from the various land agents and survey-
ors of the Government as they gathered them
in their several localities, but also a great
many of them were sent to Mr. Wilson him-
self, personally, from abroad. He might have
put them in his own parlor and had them for his
own when he got through with his services as
an officer of the Government; there would have
been no law against it. He might have taken
them himself and there would have been no
inquiry made about them; or if there had been
any inquiry made, no one could have gainsaid
his right so to do.- But being an enthusiast in
his office, and thinking, perhaps, that the work
in that office would be his for life, and desirous
of doing more than his duty to the Govern-
ment, he collected these specimens together
and made a valuable collection of illustrative
specimens of the resources of the country.
Although it is true that Mr. Edmunds began
to collect the materials, Mr. Wilson was the
first to put it in form and make it a museum,
with such an index and such memoranda as to
make it useful to the student and historian.
I admit most freely that the President had
a right to remove him from the office, and
perhaps it was well enough that he did so, a3
the Secretary of the Interior might well wish
to choose his own subordinates. No one that
I know of has any complaint to make of that.
I pray gentlemen to remmeber that it is not
proposed, by remunerating Mr. Wilson for his
services in this behalf, to pass any censure
upon the President for this act so fully within
his own judgment; no one feels that way that
I know of. And the only question is whether
we will give Mr. Wilson a gratuity for doing
his duty, and more, so well. In other words,
whether we will say to other men in office,
"If you will be faithful, if you will take care
of the interests of the Government, if you
will save all you can for the United States, the
Congress of the United States will remember
it when you get through with your services.'*
Mr. KELSEY. Let me ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not time in five minutes.
Besides, in its conduct before the House this
is the most remarkable case I have ever heard
of. The only general debate on this bill, this
great appropriation bill of $33,000,000, when
the gentleman had the right to debate every-
thing under the bill,was by the gentleman from
New York himself, upon this single item of
$10,000. What is in this proposition which
causes all this feeling? What is in it which
should produce the special objection of the
gentleman from New York? The Committee
on Appropriations have recommended to the
House this bill, appropriating millions upon
millions of dollars. All of these appropria-
tions must have come here by a majority of
that committee, after full discussion and action
in the committee-room. But what do we see
in this particular matter? The very moment
that the bill is brought up for consideration
the gentleman from New York evidently
renews the discussion which took place in the
committee.
How is it, Mr. Speaker, that we cannot fol-
low this committee in making this appropna-
