1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
41st Coxg....3d Sess.
Government and Education—Mr. Prosser,
Ho. oi? Reps.
received the money, thinks fit to liquidate the
individual claims. As none of the claimants
against Prance, for whom in the purchase of
Louisiana the United States retained $4,000,-
000, much less those for whom Andrew Jack-
son peremptorily recovered the amount of
their claims from Louis Philippe, have yet
received one single dollar, the American vic-
tims of Spain cannot expect compensation in
less time or till after they are paid.
Great Britain actsmore promptly. About the
time of these outrages, when American citi-
zens, notwithstanding consular protest, were
executed first and tried afterward, a British
subject was incarcerated and threatened with
like fate. A British man-of-war steamed into
the harbor and demanded his release. The
authorities must send to the captain general.
The British commander would not wait. The
Spanish Governor dared not give him up for
fear of the volunteers. The Britisher sprung
his broadside on the place, sent up a middy
with nine sailors or marines, who took the
intended victim out of jail without molestation,
and he has no doubt by this time claimed and
obtained damages. After this who will say that
the spirited British woman was wrong to wear
her blue ribbon, qr that she was an unprotected
female?
No better evidence could be given of the
influence of Russia on our foreign policy than
the action of our ministers at Constantinople
during several decades past, and especially
during the past decade. It is well known that
in all important questions calling for diplo-
matic expression the United States have sided
■with Russia, and that the sympathy of our
officials has been against the Porte in all con-
flicts and insurrections intended to weaken
Turkish power, although it is equally well
known tliat these insurrections and conflicts
are fomented and stimulated by Russia for the
purpose of carrying out her designs upon Tur-
key, whicli country she is anxious to absorb.
"Constantinople is by virtue of its position,"
said the first Napoleon, "calculated to be the
seat of universal dominion." At present it is
a cosmopolitan city, held in trust tor Bqrope
by a weak and unaggressive Power. Its vast
commerce is carried on by the merchants of
all nations, and its population enjoy the largest
liberty of person and conscience. The posses-
sion of this great city is the objective point of
Russian policy in Europe; so that, unassail-
able herself, with the keys of the Dardanelles
in her hands, she may reduce the western Pow-
ers to insignificance, cut England off from her
eastern possessions, and with a formidable
navy dominate the Mediterranean sea and dic-
tate to the world, It is a magnificent dream ;
but why should we aid in the project? Our
interests lay in no such direction, but with
England and the western Powers of Europe,
from whom we have derived our blood, our
language, our religion, our laws, and our insti-
tutions.
Poor Poland represents the fate of all others
who shall fall beneath the despotic hand of
Russia. Yet we sit quietly by and allow the
inspirations of St. Petersburg to find an echo
in Washington; and I have been told that
Baron Stoeckel, formerly a Russian embassa-
dor here, used his influence to keep a late min-
ister of the United States at Constantinople in
his position, and that his efforts were seconded
by the chairman of the Senate Committee on
Foreign Affairs, who added to Russian influ-
ence a petition from certain Greek merchants
for the retention of that same minister. In
other words, two avowed enemies of a foreign
Power combine to secure a representation in
their interests at the court of that Power.
This same Russian influence operating upon
the State Department and upon the Foreign
Affairs Committee, has likewise controlled
the other foreign appointments in Europe
in its interests, looking, no doubt, to har-
monious cooperation between Russia and
the United States in the adjustment of the
balance of power in Europe, as indicated by
the chairman of the Senate Committee on
Foreign Affairs on more than one occasion.
Is this honorable? Is this avoiding "entang-
ling alliances?" Is it not, on the contrary,
the foreshadowing of a mischievous attempt
to inject American ipfluence into the " bal-
ance- of-power " question in Europe? If ever
the time comes for that I shall certainly not
be found trying to aggrandize the power and
extend the influence of our only growing rival.
This great Republic must play second to no
power on earth in the future.
Government and Education.
SPEECH OF HON. W. P. PROSSER,
of tennessee,
Is the House op Representatives,
February 11, 1871,
0a the bill (H. B, No. 1326) to provide a system of
national education.
Mr. PROSSER. Mr- Speaker, it is prob-
able that the science of government is still
in its infancy. With all the varied experi-
ences which the world has seen in the last few
thousand years in the way of Governments of
different kinds, the ideas still entertained by
the most of people on this subject seem to be
of the crudest and most indefinite description.
The rapid strides of improvement in the
industrial arts and sciences, in the methods of
transportation and communication, and in the
varied fields of human invention, do not seem
to be accompanied by corresponding progress
in the greatest of all sciences, that of govern-
ing and regulating the masses of mankind so
that the greatest good of the greatest number
may be secured. Perhaps this result may be
owing to the fact that but few men, compara-
tively speaking, devote their lives and energies
to the study and practice of true statesmanship.
Whatever may be the cause, the fact is indis-
putable. Yet, the reverse might have been
expected. Many of the brightest minds in the
world have devoted the best of their years to
an investigation of the powers and duties of
government.
Experiments have been made in different
countries, and in different ages of the world,
with the view of arriving at perfection in the
regulation of society. In its early history,
the rulers were the heads of families. ^.11
government was patriarchal in its character.
For generations all civil government was con-
fined to the family. In the course of time fam-
ilies grew into tribes, and trihes into nations.
The father was the natural head, ruler, and
teacher of the family. And so long as the fam-
ily conducted itself in such a way as not to
trench upon or interfere with the duties, rights,
and privileges of others, no individual, family,
tribe, or people had any right to interfere with
its government or discipline. There are cer-
tain secrets, usages, and observances belonging
to the family that no man or body of men
have any right or authority to disturb. But
when a family voluntarily becomes part of a
corporation, city, town, or State, then it is
pledged *to give up certain rights for the greater
good of the body politic, and in return it has
a right to protection more complete than it
conld command in its isolation.
It, also has a claim upon all the public and
general privileges and benefits resulting from
The corporation, whether large or small, to
which it has become attached. The •'reserved
rights'' of the family, however, remain iutact.
They are such as belong to the family as a
family, and are such as do not affect the peace,
prosperity, or character of any other family or
individual. It will, therefore, be readily seen
that the family is the basis of all government.
From this source, as from a fountain, all man-
ner of organizations have sprung up, whether
limited or absolute, whether monarchical or
republican in form or nature, for the preserva-
tion of social order. Here, in the United
States, we are disposed to believe that we
have almost reached the perfection of human
government, and to pride ourselves upon the
advances we have made upon all systems here-
tofore adopted. A very slight investigation
will however convince us that we have much
to learn and many improvements to make be-
fore we can lay claim to anything approach-
ing perfection. Even among our own citi-
zens, of more than average intelligence upon
other matters, the ideas held in reference to
popular government are of the most vague and
indefinite character.
4- large and influential party is constantly
endeavoring to frighten timid people by rais-
ing the cry of centralization, and warning as
of the dangers attending an increase or an ex-
ercise of the national authority, while they
claim for the several States almost all of the
attributes of independent organizations. An-
other party denounces the doctrine of State
sovereignty as heretical and pernicious, aad in
some degree destructive of the end and aim of
all good government. The line of separation
which divides State and national authority
seems to be an imaginary one, whose begin-
ning, course, and ending are not limited by
law, but are left to the mental tracing of each
individual according to his own sense of pro-
priety. There is no well-defined liitit either
to State or national authority. But a recol-
lection of the rights, duties, and relations of
the family affords an illustration of the rights,
duties, and relations of the several States to
the nation. Their internal affairs with which
other States have no concern, and which have
no relation or bearing upon the rights or inter-
ests of others, belong to each individual State
to be regulated by itself.
When a district or Territory applies for ad-
mission into the Union, it is required not only
to give proper assurances that it is capable
of sustaining a State government, but also to
submit a constitution that in letter and spirit
corresponds and harmonizes with the national
charter of rights and privileges, and then it is
admitted. After its admission it cannot claim
as among its " reserved rights " any privileges
or practices, or the neglect of any duties, which
are injurious to the great body of which it is
a member. Like the family, it surrenders a
certain portion of its independence, and takes
upon itself the performance of such duties,
and submits itself to such requirements, as
may be necessary for the good of the whole
nation, in order that it may reap the benefits
flowing from a union of States for the purposes
of government. If it is allowed to foster
ignorance and crime, or to permit evils to
grow up with impunity, these evils will he
transferred to sister States, and thus the de-
fects, faults, and crimes of one member of the
Union corrupt and demoralize those around
it, and the whole body-politic suffers the con-
sequences. Perhaps it would be well before
proceeding further in the discussion of this
subject to notice the principal objects to be
secured in the organization ot any or all kinds
of government.
These are of the plainest and simplest char-
acter, but it is evident that thus far they have
been'but lightly considered and very imper-
fectly understood even by the masses ot intel-
ligent and thinking people. The preservation
of social order is the primary duty of govern-
ment, but there are those who believe that
everything requiring a combination of men tor
anv purpose whatever should be perlonned,
or controlled, or regulated by the constituted
