190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 17,
Ho. of Reps.
Government and Education—Mr. Prosser.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
authorities of the country, while others are
equally strenuous in the belief that nothing
should be done by the Government which is
not essentially necessary for its own preserva-
tion. To accommodate the first class would
require an amount of complicated machinery
which could never be kept in order, and which
/would retard a variety of enterprises which in
private hands would make much more rapid
progress. All our experience goes to prove
that railroad and steamship companies, mining
and manufacturing enterprises, insurance com-
panies, and other organizations of a similar
character are much more efficiently managed
and are more profitable under private control
than they have ever been under public man-
agement,.
Neither the General Government nor indi-
vidual States have thus far been successful in
conducting such enterprises. Private energy,
if not restrained, will build ships and rail-
roads better and cheaper than any Govern-
ment. The success of our own countiy is due
in a very large degree to the fact that it has
afforded larger opportunities for individual
enterprise and development than has ever
before been seen in the history of the world.
The restraints imposed by the Government
have been of the lightest possible character.
The intelligence of the country has had the
fullest and freest advantages in the way of
growth and expansion, of enlargement of its
industrial and intellectual faculties, unchecked
by class legislation, and to a great degree
nntrammeled by political power. The result
is seen in a national growth in wealth, popula-
tion, and power which has no parallel withiu
the limits of our historical knowledge.
It may be said that this growth is largely
owing to the geography, or the geology, or
the climate, or the many other natural and
physical advantages which we possess, but in
my judgment it is due in a greater degree
to the facilities afforded fur intellectual and
individual improvement and development than
to all other causes combined. Our experi-
ence would therefore seem to justify us in
arriving at the conclusion that the duties of
government, especially of a republican gov-
ernment like our own, are of the simplest
and plainest possible character. The more
simple the machinery of government the less
easily is it thrown out of order. The less
restraint there is upon private enterprise, the
more rapid will be its growth and prosperity.
The success of private enterprise is the success
of the whole nation, because it is made up of
individuals, and the legitimate success of one
is contributing so much to the success of the
country. These duties, or the obligations rest-
ing upon the Government of the United States,
may therefore be briefly stated under the fol-
lowing propositions: first, the protection of
life and property; and second, to see that every
citizen is properly prepared to discharge his
duties to the country at large and to improve
the advantages by which he may be surrounded.
Perhaps, when a wiser degree of statesman-
ship has been reached than we have yet seen,
the duties devolving upon our Government may
be enlarged or increased; but until that time
arrives the requirements of our political organ-
ization will be found included or embraced in
the foregoing propositions. Heretofore govern-
ments have been conducled upon the pnnciple
that physical force was the element essentially
necessary for the preservation of the peace of
society. Armies and navies, swords and guns,
have thus far been deemed the most effective
means of controlling mankind, as though good
behavior could only lie secured by operating
upon our passions, and eliciting our fears of
punishment for misconduct. It is time that
governments were carried 011 upon principles
more in consonance with the advanced stages
of civilization which have been reached in
other departments of human labor. It is
time that the intellectual faculties should be
consulted, and that the higher motives of our
organization should be allowed a controlling
influence in political as well as other pursuits.
Perhaps it is hot too much to hope that when
our ideas of government conform more nearly
to the advanced stage of enlightenment we
enjoy we shall have Cabinet officers whose
duty it shall be to protect and cherish the in-
terests of commerce, education, and labor
throughout the country, and that a portion at
least of the vast sums we expend upon armies
and navies shall be devoted to more noble pur-
poses. The money we every year expend to
keep up a military and naval organization is
unproductive, returning nothing whatever for
the investment; but the judicious expenditure
of like sums to promote the interests of com-
merce, education, or labor would be sowing
seed which would yield in return some forty,
some sixty, and some one hundred fold, at a
compound ratio of interest, to bless the land
in increased prosperity for all time to come.
The money we expend for cannon, powder,
shot, and shell, in building forts and ships of
war, is like " water spilled upon the ground,
that cannot be gathered up again;" but that,
which is expended in developing our physical,
moral, and intellectual resources returns to
us in more than geometrical progression, in
enlarged power for good and capacity for use-
fulness.
The power of mind over matter was long ago
acknowledged in all the other departments of
life except the one in which it is most needed
and should have been first recognized, to wit,
the department of government. Some years
ago a thoughtful and intelligent man in the
island of Great Britain came to the conclusion
that steam could be utilized, and one improve-
ment, followed another until the capacity for
work ofthat island alone was greater than the
combined ability of the whole human race
before that man mad  his sublime discoveiy.
A few yeais ago one of our own citizens demon-
strated the fact that the lightnings of heaven
could be made serviceable to the world of
humanity, and the result was an entire revolu-
tion of the whole business of the gtobe and of
the manner in which it was transacted; but his
magnificent invention was the result of his own
energy and perseverance, and was made in
spite of every variety of obstacle and difficulty.
Then, as now, there were shallow and super-
ficial thinkers connected with the Government,
who ridiculed the propositions that were made
locking to another conquest of mind over mat-
ter, but the great inventor pursued his experi-
ments until he gave us transformation more
brilliant and at the same time more useful
than anything ever dreamed of in the Arabian
Nights' Entertainments.
There are still many men in high positions
who imagine that the Government should be
one grand circumlocution office, and that its
motto should be ''how not to do it," instead
of endeavoring, 111 an honest and straightfor-
ward way, to discharge its duty to the country
at large and promote the general interest.
Compare, if you please, Cave Johnson, of
Tennessee, ridiculing the invention of the
magnetic telegraph, and throwing all manner
of obstacles 111 its way, instead of tending it
some encouragement, in bis place in the House
of Representatives, on the 21st day of Febru-
ary, 18io, and the members of the Senate and
House of Kepresentatives of the Forty-First
Congress, in the month of February, 1871,
taking the same course and doing the same
thing in regard to the Bureau of Education.
But the magnetic telegraph became a magnifi-
cent success, in spite of the ridicule of Cave
Johnson and his associates, and is now an in-
dispensable necessity to the whole civilized
world; and the Bureau of Education will be
equally indispensable when we arrive at a full
conception of the powers and duties of govern-
ment.
The name of Morse will be remembered with
pleasure and delight by millions of people
when hundreds and thousands of petty states-
men who pride themselves upon their famil-
iarity with the principles of true government
are entirely forgotten. The air we breathe,
the earth upon which we move, and the waters
under the earth, are all full of undeveloped
treasures, only waiting to be brought forth and
made useful by our intelligence. The discov-
eries that have been already made in chemis-
try, geology, astronomy, botany, and many
other practical and useful branches of science
are only the beginnings of their development.
We are only standing upon the shores of the
great ocean of knowledge, and the progress
we have made in the past fifty years is the
result of only a few experiments or essays
iu venturing out upon it. The inexhaustible
resources of earth and air, sea and sky, are
almost a sealed book to us, because of our
ignorance, while they are only waiting to be-
come our willing and obedient servants when-
ever our eyes are opened to their character
and value. They were placed at our disposal,
and we were given " dominion" over them by
the Creator of the universe, and we were at
the same time given minds to comprehend
and utilize them, but it was made an indis-
pensable condition that those minds should
first be enlarged and improved by education.
The mind only grows in knowledge by con-
stant and unremitting energy and application.
There is absolutely no royal road to intellectual
advancement. It can be secured in but one
way, and that is a rugged and thorny one. The
same law applies equally to the intellectual as
to the physical creation, that " in the sweat of
thy face shalt thou eat bread." But if it is
unpleasant to remember how slow and partial
and incomplete has been the use we have made
of the natural resources with which we have
been gifted by a beneficent Creator, how sad is
the recollection of the ignorance with which we
are surrounded in the mental, moral, and in-
tellectual world 1 The difference between mat-
ter and mind is as wide as the poles. The one
is perishable, the other imperishable. The one
is mortal, the other immortal. The one crum-
bles to dust when the other is only beginning
its career of good or evil. The one is mortal,
the other "must put on immortality." The
one is corruptible, the other "must put 011
ineorruption." The capacity of the one is
limited, that of the other is boundless as eter-
nity, and is only known to Him who has set the
stars in their places, and who holds the waters
of the great deep in the hollow of His hand.
"What a piece of work is man! How noble
in reason, how infinite in faculties ; in form and
moving how express and admirable; in action
how like an angel, in apprehension how like
a god; the beauty of the world, the paragon
of animals!" Yet, even in our own country,
where the opportunities of obtaining a limited
education are supposed to be so ample and
general, there are people counted by millions
to whom the books of nature aud revelation
are closed by reason of their ignorance, and
who are but a grade in intelligence above the
aboriginal inhabitants, who were almost as sav-
age as the wild beasts upon which they sub-
sisted. These millions of people have the same
capacity for improvement, and their mental re-
sources, if developed, would prove as rich and
valuable to the world, as their more favored
fellow-beings. They are just as much entitled
to the benefits of intellectual improvement as
are those who enjoy its inestimable advantages.
I heir minds are just as much open to instruc-
tion^ Every child in the land is entitled to
receive the benefits of education just as much
as it is to breathe a pure atmosphere, or to
