1871."
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Government and Education—Mr, JProsser.
Ho. of Reps.
enjoy the benefits, in after life, of free govern-
ment. If it does not, tiiere is something wrong
in the legislation of the country, and a remedy
should be applied as speedily as possible. This
can only be done by the Government. The
Government is the organization we have estab-
lished whose duty it is to preserve social order
and to protect the general interests of the com-
munity. In our country these duties are in-
trusted to the General Government. We have
adopted a Constitution which begins as follows:
" Wo, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fence, promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity,
do ordain and establish this Constitution lor the
United States of America."
It is not necessary to go into any general
argument to prove that the sovereign power of
the people of the United States is committed to
the General Government, and with that power
allot'its duties and responsibilities. Whatever
may be done in the future by the Government
to advance the interests of commerce or to pro-
tect the interests of labor, it is clear among
its hist duties are the protection of life and
property and the preparation of the youths of
the country for the discharge of their duties as
citizens. No one will object to the first propo-
sition. It is indispensable to the good order
of society. It is the duty of the General Gov-
ernment, because that Government has been
vested with supreme authority by the people,
and because the primary object of government
would be defeated if such protection were
afforded to a portion of the country, or to
some of the States and Territories; while they
were not afforded in the others.
So it is with education. It is not trespass-
ing upon the reserved rights of the States, be-
cause it is a matter of general concern and of
importance to each and every State, that edu-
cational facilities should be provided for every
other State. If ignorance, lawlessness, and
crime are allowed to giow up with impunity in
any one State or States, the troubles and diffi-
culties arising therefrom are felt in their effect
and demoralization in the other portions of the
country. It is to the interest of every citizen
of the United States, without regard to his
locality, to see that every other citizen is edu-
cated. Even now the balance of power in the
country is held by the uneducated, and the des-
tinies of the Government are in a great meas-
ure at the mercy of the thousands of voters who
are as ignorant of their duties and responsibil-
ities as citizens as they are of the first rudi-
ments of education. Who is responsible for
this ignorance? It is not merely a question
of local interest in any particular State, but a
matter of universal concern.
Local matters and interests are left to the
several States to be arranged to suit them-
selves; but the question ot education is one
that concerns the general welfare, and there-
fore it is the duty of the General Government
to make the necessary provision or provide the
necessary legislation. Even if all the btates
made provision for the education of their chil-
dren—which they do not by any means—there
would be still a large number to be provided
lor in the Territories and in the District ot
Columbia. It is a gross injustice to those
States that have already established and main-
tained schools, at large expense, that other
States by their neglect should allow ignorance
and crime to drag down and retard the pros-
perity of the whole country.
It is a gross injustice to those States that
have received no large donations from the pub-
lic domain for educational purposes that those
States which have received such donations
should refuse to aid, in any way, those which
are now in need of such assistance. Yet there
are shallow and unthinking men in public life,
and out of it, who seein to have given but lit-
tle consideration to the objects, duties, and
responsibilities of government, or to the rela-
tions existing between the government and the
governed, who would have us believe that the
national authorities have no power to act in
the premises. If so, the grants of immense
quantities of lands to the western States for
educational purposes were unauthorized, and
the donations already made should be recalled.
If so, our appropriations for the Military and
Naval Academies are unwarranted and should
cease, because we are in far more danger in
the future from ignorance in stupendous masses
at home than from invasion or hostilities from
abroad. If so, we have no right to use the
plainest, simplest, and cheapest means of self-
preservation at our command, in order that free
institutions may be perpetuated and that a
republican form of government may be made
a complete success.
But, strange as it may appear, we have large
numbers of men calling themselves statesmen
who do not seem to comprehend the fact that
the largest liberty of the individual, in a legit-
imate way, can only be exercised or secured
where the Government is firmly administered,
where life and property are protected, and
where -intelligence makes liberty desirable.
We have among us men calling themselves
statesmen who hesitate and deliberate in regard
to the repression and punishment of crime, as
though the first and highest duty of every Gov-
ernment was not the preservation of social
order. Nor do the same class of men seem
to remember that the power to punish crime
carries with it the power to prevent it, and
that education is the best possible preventive,
not only of crime, but of all other kinds of
social disorder. Ever since our first parents
partook of the fruit of the tree of knowledge
of good and evil, the active mind and heart
and soul of man has followed with intensity
either the one or the other. If not led and
directed in the channels of usefulness and
taught the power of good deeds, he will in-
evitably follow evil, and habits formed in
childhood will control and govern our future
careers.
There is not in the whole range of human
experience a more melancholy specacle than
that of an ill-directed, misspent, useless, or
criminal life; yet we sec thousands, and there
are in our country millions, of such lives,
made so by the want of proper training and
education in the days of their childhood.
Habits once formed are not easily changed
or improved. To neglect the education of
the youth of the Republic is a crime of the
first magnitude. The Government which neg-
lects to provide the means of education lor
the children under its care makes itself parti-
ceps criminis in the crime which results from
ignorance; and most of the crime in the coun-
try is the result of a want of education and a
want of a proper direction to the mental, moral,
and intellectual energies of the people of the
country. We all desire appropriate legisla-
tion and a good Government, but the basis
of all the legislation of the country is the bal-
lot-box, and we intrust its manifold and pre-
cious interests to men without intelligence and
without a just appreciation of their respons-
ibilities.
To the American people is intrusted the last
experiment of Iree government. No such
responsibilities ever before rested upon any
people. Not only our own present and future
interests are involved, but almost every other
nation on the face of the globe is anxiously
watching our progress and imitating our exam-
ple. Yet all our interests, now and hereafter,
are wrapped up in the ballot-box. lu its purity
are our safety and prosperity. The Government
simply and only reflects the character of the
ballot-box in the course of its administration.
If the one is corrupt, the other is weak, unde-
termined, and vacillating. If the one is im-
pure, the other is in a corresponding degree
helpless and inefficient. Let the ballot-box be
characterized by ignorance, fraud, and treach-
ery, and the Government will be characterized
by oppression, violence, and injustice. The
interests of humanity are all at stake and are
all dependent upon the wisdom which controls
and the honesty and intelligence which regu-
late the conduct of voters.
A good Government is the greatest blessing
that can be vouchsafed to mankind. It brings
with it peace, prosperity, and happiness to the
most bleak and sterile regions of the earth.
On the contrary, a corrupt and wicked Govern-
ment brings with it all manner of ills, and the
greatest calamities which can befall any peo-
ple. The violence and crime which are the
results of selfish ambition, bringing with them
war and bloodshed, pestilence and famine, are
but a few of the evil effects which follow in
the train of bad government. Yet in our coun-
try all the greatness we anticipate in the future,
all the happiness we expect to flow from the
enjoyment of free institutions, are dependent
upon the purity of the ballot-box. No meas-
ure of public importance is of so much and of
such lasting consequence to the good of the
whole country as that which has for its object
the preservation of that purity. That can only
be done by educating the voters of the coun-
try. Intelligence is just as necessary to a
proper discharge of our duties as citizens as
a pure atmosphere is necessary to physical
health. It is indispensable, and to neglect
any means to provide for that intelligence is a
crime. To promote that intelligence should
be the highest ambition of every statesman.
It is not my purpose, Mr. Speaker, to dis-
cuss the legal and constitutional questions
involved in the proposition made in this bill,
that the national Government should take
charge of the subject of education. Those
questions have been fully discussed already
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
rbxce,] the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoak.] and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Air. Towxsexd.J I only propose to
consider the subject in its general relations,
and to appeal to the members of this House,
and to the men who lead and control public
sentiment throughout the country, to give the
matter the attention and consideration its im-
portance demands. Every one must feel that
all other subjects of legislation are local,
trifling, and temporary in their character, com-
pared with that of popular education. With-
out it, we know that the purity of the ballot-
box and the proper disposition of the many
questions coming up to be decided by the peo-
ple are an utter impossibility. With it, no
question is too difficult of solution. With it,
every subject of dispute, however embarrass-
ing, can be properly settled.
We are sometimes appalled at the evils of
intemperance, and we look around and about
us for the remedy; but it does not consist in
unavailing efforts to change the habits that
to adults have become a second nature. Pro-
hibitory legislation has proved a failure, and
we have the sad spectacle of thousands and
hundreds of thousands of people, in spite
of laws and lectures and pledges, destroying
themselves and bringing misery, ruin, and
death upon those around them, because they
are unable to break loose from the wretched
habits they have unfortunately contracted. If
you would lessen the evils of intemperance,
instead of seeing them increase and multiply,
educate the youth of the country and direct
their feet in the paths of art, science, litera-
ture, poetry, aud philosophy, and they will
have levver inducements to indulge their pas-
; sions in the stimulus of intoxicating drinks.
: ignorance is the mother of vice, idleness, and
i dissipation of every description. No other
