1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
Now, if this be so, then it follows that we
cannot, if we acquire San Domingo, if we ac-
quire Cuba, or indeed if we acquire the whole
Antilles, it follows as a consequence that we
cannot make those countries productive unless
we organize the labor in them under some
system of coercion. This, Mr, Speaker, we do
not wish to do. The idea that we will longer
maintain anywhere the system of slavery has
been given up by our country.
Sir. WELKEll. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry?
Mr. McCORMICK. of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. W ELK Ell. If slavery is maintained
in San Domingo, would the gentleman then
be in favor of its acquisition ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. No, sir;
I would not. I know, Mr. Speaker, that the
island of Cuba is the brightest gem in the
crown of Spain. I know that that island
exports an immense amount every year. But,
sir, the products of that island are forced from
the labor of slaves. And while San Domingo,
which is now occupying the attention of the
people of this country, was held in bondage
by France and by England, it was largely a
producing and exporting country. But as
soon as it became a free country the inhab-
itants, of their own volition, retrograded to a
state of semi-barbarism.
Well, Mr. Speaker, if we cannot make these
countries productive unless we organize the
labor system there upon the basis of slavery,
then, sir, you and all who hear me will agree
with me that we want to have nothing to do
with it. Go to South America and what do
you find? Brazil is a producing and export-
lng'country, and it is a slave country. But go
into any of the South American republics,
none of which have slavery, and you find there
the labor system in such a condition as that
none of those countries can be productive.
If we look iuto ancient history we find the
same truths exemplified. We find that none
of the countries within the tropics, in ancient
or in modern times, have ever been product-
ive except where the labor of the country
was brought into the condition of slavery. I
am aware, Mr. Speaker, that in India Great
Britain has acquired a great and valuable
commerce, which is still augmenting. But
all who are acquainted with the history of
India understand and acknowledge that the
labor system of that country is a system of
slavery. And Great Britain, in order to main-
tain her authority in that country, sacrifices
hundreds and thousands of her own children
as soldiers there every year. I was struck, in
reading the medical reports of the British
army in India, by the fact which I found
stated, that the average life of the English
soldier in that country is four and a half
years. The case is very similar with the
Spanish soldier in Cuba. While Hayti was
held by France and by England there was the
Mime trouble. The mortality was very gre«.t
among their soldiers.
Mr. Speaker, if such be the lessons of his-
torv, ancient and modern, I ask what do we
waiit. with these islands? If we are t,o acquire
San Domingo, and all the ignorant people who
fire there are to remain free, and if they are
to labor only just as much as is necessary for
their maintenance, how are we going to make
the acquisition remunerative? How are we
going to realize the immense commerce and
the immense wealth which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] expects we will?
I assert, Mr. Speaker, and I do so sincerely
believing that what 1 say is correct, that when
we require those islands we must then com-
mence an expenditure of money and of life
from dur own country which will be a con-
slant drain upon the purse and upon the life-
bluod of this nation. And I assert that unless
we organize labor in these countries under a
£\s'em of coercion they will prove in our
hands what Hayti did in the hand? of France
and of Great Britain, an acquisition which we
will be glad to get rid of at any cost and at
any expense.
Mr. Speaker, I have made these statements
in reference to this matter because I believe it
will be an epoch of evil to this country when
we begin the annexation of intertropical coun-
tries. VVe have now in our own public domain
immense areas of country, sufficient to furnish
homes for four or five times the population we
have now. Our country now, our Government
now,has become large and unwieldy; and the
more we add to it, the more we increase our
territory and domain, the more certainly do
we increase the risk and the danger of sooner
or later involving ourselves with questions
which may lead to the overthrow of our Repub-
lic ; because the wider our country is the more
diversified our interests must be, and the more
diversified our interests the more certainly will
there be causes of discord in our country.
I therefore, in all sincerity, believe that it is
wisdom on the part of the Government of the
United States to avoid the acquisition of any
of the West India islands; that it is wisdom oil
the part of the Government of the United States
to concentrate its energies on its possessions
near at home, and that we should endeavor,
if possible, to relieve ourselves from the great
burden of debt that is now hanging upon our
eountry, and by every means within our power
to develop the resources of the country which
we now have, and which is yet undeveloped,
without attempting to acquire in tropical coun-
tries, in South America or in the West India
islands, new possessions which must, in the
long run, prove prejudicial to this country.
Mr. Speaker, we have in Mexico a republic
of a class of people who are unfitted to govern
themselves, and have proved themselves unfit-
ted to govern themselves. They are, if not in
a tropical country, in a country far south of
this; and in that country we find a system of
slavery prevailing, known as Mexican peonage.
All these things lead me to believe that we can
acquire no southern country and make that
country profitable, and make it contribute to
the increase of our commerce and material
prosperity, unless we do adopt some system of
slavery to govern the labor there; and I believe
there are no people in the United States who
wish to see such a system once more ingrafted
upon our institutions.
Mr. TILLMAN. If I understand the gen-
tleman, he means this : that there is such re-
luctance among those who live in tropical
climates to labor that they will not make the
soil as productive as it is capable of being
made unless they are forced to labor.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Yes, sir;
that is what I mean.
Mr. TILLMAN. I ask the gentleman if lie
does not think that the improvements in the
•implements of agriculture have been such that
as much labor is not required to make these
islands productive now as may have been
necessary in the past?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Why, I
would refer my friend to the speech which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
has made to-night, in which he tells you that
the whole republic of Dominica is without au
iron plow. VVe have hundreds and thousands
and millions of agricultural implements, and
yet these people have not, according to the
statement of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, a single iron plow in their dominion !
I believe, sir, that it is a principle that per-
vades the human race in southern latitudes
that the laboring classes will only work to
produce a sufficiency for their maintenance.
But I have been told by a good many gen-
tlemen that we have evidence to the contrary
of this in our southern States; that the black
people who have been emancipated in the
southern States are an industrious and pro-
ducing people, and that for the last five years
the black people all over the South have
labored more diligently and-more effectually
than they ever did in their lives before. I am
not prepared to say that they do labor more
diligently or produce more since they have
been free than they did while they were slaves;
but, Mr. Speaker, the present race of black
people in the South were born and educated
and reared and trained under the iron hand
of slavery. The present generation of blacks
in the South are industrious, I will admit; but
I fear that the history of our cotintry will prove
in the coming generation that these black peo-
ple at the South, instead of maintaining their
present habits of industry, will retrograde and
become less industrious, less enterprising, and
less productive than at present.
Mr. TILLMAN. I do not dissent from the
gentleman's position in regard to the acquisi-
tion of this island; I;do not know but that I am
opposed to it; but I dissent from the position
which he takes, that free government is impos-
sible or incompatible with human nature
in the tropics. I think that is an erroneous
position.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I will not
say that it is impossible; but I will say this,
that in no history have I ever learned that a
republic has been permanently and success-
fully established within the tropics.
I will say this, Mr. Speaker, that the very fact
that so far as regards the northern races of
men, the Caucasian race living in the northern
regions, their wants being such as to require
their constant exertion, being influenced by
the coldness of the climate; the sterility of the
soil, and all the accumulated wants growing
out of the climate and soil to meet and supply
by their exertions, their habits of industry and
their energies both of body and mind are culti-
vated and sharpened. They become indus-
trious and drilled to habits of discipline, order,
and government.
But place one of that race even in a country
where but little exertion is required in order
to procure means for his subsistence, and he
will naturally become indolent and relaxed in
his habits and discipline. And the very fact
that ho lacks the discipline which labor gives
will make him poorly qualified for a system of
government like ours.
Mr. TILLMAN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman as also contending that intelligence
and education are incompatible with a tropical
climate? I understand the gentleman to say
that no more labor than is merely sufficient to
supply animal wants can be got out of a man
in a tropical climate except by the lash.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Not by
the lash.
Mr. TILLMAN. Or by some means of
coercion.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Of the
laboring classes.
Mr. TILLMAN. Of the laboring classes,
yes. Well, does the gentleman also hold that
it is incompatible for the laboring classes to
be educated and intelligent in a tropical cli-
mate? Is that the gentleman's position?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. No, sir;
but I will say to the gentleman that there is
found in southern climates the same difficulty
in training the minds of men that there is in
training them to habits of labor. In other
words, in a tropical climate men are inclined to
be indolent both in body and in mind. Take
the history of the world, and show me if you
can where a people living within the tropics
have made great advances in the arts and
sciences. I suppose the gentleman would go
back to the times of ancient Egypt, or some
other oriental nation. But you will find no-
where in the history of the world that these
degenerate intertropical nations have ever pro-
duced any great results among the families of
the earth, as compared with the achievements
of nations living in the temperate or the cold
countries of the world.
Mr. TILLMAN. I think the gentleman is
assuming that we must judge of t.he'future pro-
gress of the world, in any latitude, by what has
been, in the past. Sir, I think the world is pro-
