800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
greasing, and is improving in all latitudes, and
that the history of the world proves that to be
the case. That progress is the law of the world,
is a rale governing the human family. In the
latter days, as we are told, "many shall run
to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased."
We are now having an increase of knpwledge,
and many are running to and fro. [Laughter.]
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I presume
the ancient Romans thought so, too; and an-
cient Egypt also thought the same. Yet those
empires have arisen, flourished, and gone down
in the history of the families of mankind. We
are not authorized to suppose that there is
going to be any great change produced in the
laws governing the progress and history of
mankind. As long as nature remains as it
now is; as long as the seasons revolve as they
now revolve; as long as the wants of man
exist as they now exist, so long will the same
causes of climate and latitude and soil exert
their influences upon coming generations, as
they have upon the generations of the human
race that have passed away.
For these reasons I have, without prepara-
tion of my argument, given it as my opinion
that the nations existing within the tropical
countries of the earth have never shown them-
selves capable of the achievements that have
been produced by the human race in more
temperate regions. I have given my reasons
why I think that we in this temperate latitude
are likely to achieve more under our repub-
lican form of government, in the advancement
of civilization and Christianity, and in fostering
the arts, science, and literature, than any  a-
tion that has ever existed, or perhaps ever will
exist, within the tropics.
I know, Mr. Speaker, it is asserted that the
great Creator has made all men alike. But, sir,
we cannot dispute these great facts, that within
the tropios are the black races of mankind and
within the temperate zone are the white races,
and that the latter are superior in intellectual
and physical power to the other.
Mr. TILLMAN. I regret to say that the
most conclusive evidence I see of retrogression
is in the doctrine that is now being preached
by the Democracy.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I will only
say, in conclusion, that I do not believe the
doctrines of the Democratic party will bring
about any retrogression in this country. On
the contrary, X believe that the maintenance
of those doctrines and adherence to them will
work great and good results for the nation. I
know that the Democratic party is denounced;
bat, sir, that party came into power when Mr.
Jefferson was elected President of the United
Stales, and for more than half a century it
shaped and controlled the destinies of this
Republic. Under its guidance the country
grew to greatness and power. I feel assured
that this party, when restored to governmental
control, will guide the ship of State aright.
Mr. WELKER. I now renew the motiou
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at nine o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
i'etitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARNELL: The petition of Thomas
Blaekwell and 20 others, citizens of Hender-
sonville county, North Carolina, asking aid for
common schools.
By Mr, BUCKLEY: The petition of Wil-
liam S. Penick, a citizen of Elmore county,
Alabama, asking the removal of his political
disabilities imposed by the third section of the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
George A. King and41 others, citizens of Barn-
stable, Massachusetts, praying that a commis-
sion be appointed to audit and determine the
claims no account of damages by the Alabama
and other British cruisers, and to pay the same.
Also, the memorial of Richard G. Luce and
24 others, citizens of Martha's Vineyard, Mas-
sachusetts, praying for the same.
By Mr. DONLEY: A petition of sundry
eitizens and soldiers of Greene county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the passage of a bill
granting land to soldiers without occupancy.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of Lucia Marden,
for pension.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE : The petition of Mr.
Bolens and others, citizens of Dodge qounty,
Wisconsin, with reference to the furnishing by
the Government of envelopes at and below
their cost.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: A petition of citizens
of the city of Meadville, Pennsylvania, praying
for the repeal of the law imposing a special tax
on retail dealers in snuff, cigars, &c.
Also, a petition of citizens of Clarion county,
Pennsylvania, praying for additional pay for
assistant marshals engaged in taking the late
census.
Also, a petition of citizens.of Crawford
county, Pennsylvania, of like import.
By Mr. HAWLEY: The petition of Robert
Tillson & Co., praying Congress to allow them
a sum of money as damages for failure on the
part of the United States to comply with cer-
tain contracts for materials furnished by said
Tillson & Co.
By Mr. LEWIS: A petition to establish a
post route between Marrow Bone, Kentucky,
and Celina, Tennessee.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of Thomas
D. ICelly, for pay as second lieutenant.
By Mr. McKENZlE: Petitions of certain
citizens of Fairfax county, asking for the pur-
chase of the bridge at the aqueduct, and to
make it free.
By Mr. MORGAN: The memorial of Major
T. J. Piatt and 57 others, soldiers of the Union
Army during the late civil war J asking that sol-
diers may be allowed to enter land without
being required to settle and cultivate the same.
By Mr. PECK: A petition of the National
Tobacco Association, with a communication
from Chase, Ishervvood & Co., manufacturers,
asking that the tax on sales be abolished.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of James
W. Flood, of Powhatan county, Virginia, late
adjutant of the fifth New Hampshire volun-
teers, praying compensation for horse, saddle,
and saddle-cloth lost in the service.
Also, the petition of Ellis A. Haines, of Win-
chester, Virginia, praying a pension, having
served as a scout and guide in the service of
the United States, been wounded four times
during the war, and being incapacitated from
obtaining his subsistence by manual labor.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of Williams, Haven & Co., and other influen-
tial business men of New London, Connecticut,
asking that a commission be appointed, as
recommended by the President of the United
States, to audit and determine the claims on
account of damages by the Alabama and other
British cruisers.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of Anna
Maria Bailey, of Baltimore, for a pension.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 28, 1871.
The House metat twelveo'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Ciitjbch-
ILLinthe chair.) The House, under previous
order, meets to-day as in Committee of the
Whole, for debate alone, no business whatever
to be transacted; and the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Mayham] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MAYHAM. I will yield for a few min-
utes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Soofield. J
amnesty bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill
to authorize certain leaders of the late rebellion
to hold office. All the other leaders and all
the rank and file have that privilege already. A
small number, understood to be the contrivers
of as well as actors in the revolt', are excluded
by the fourteenth amendment from places of
trust. The exclusion covers only those who
were guilty not only of the crime of treason
but of that meaner crime, false swearing and
betrayal. They are not, however, by virtue of
any Federal law, excluded from the franchise.
The national Government does not withhold
the ballot from a single rebel, high or low. It
permits them all to vote. In other countries
such leaders would have been beheaded. Our
fathers banished the Tories and forfeited their
estates. Wo all believe this rebellion was
causeless; we all know how many precious
lives it cost us; we all know how much treas-
ure it consumed; we all know how many hearts
ache to-day by its bereavements; yet the Gov-
ernment has not avenged itself with the life of
a single criminal. None are banished, none
are under bonds. All can vote, nearly all can
hold office; a few cannot; a very few compared
to the whole number. As near as I can make
out it is about one in one hundred of those
who participated in the war against the Gov-
ernment.
The impression has gone out that some pen-
alties are imposed, that some of these offenders
are still in danger of death or imprisonment
or loss of property, at least that some are not
allowed to vote, and that none can hold office.
All this is error. Neither the Constitution nor
laws of the United States impose any pen-
alties, disabilities, or restrictions of any kind
whatever, upon the authors of our great na-
tional sorrows except to exclude a few of the
worst from office. This bill proposes to remove
that slight restriction. It proposes to put those
who attempted to destroy the country upon an
equal footing iu all respects with those who
risked their lives to save it. It proposes to
.put patriotism and treason on a common level;
to make patriots and traitors equal before the
law. The public judgment may make a dif-
ference, but the law is to furnish no censure
for the one and no approval for the other. I
am pot now speaking against the proposed
amnesty. I am only describing it. I do not
want the House to forget, nor the country to
forget, that all the actors in the rebellion
already have all the privileges of the Republic,
except that a few leaders cannot hold office,
and that this bill does away with that restric-
tion. I do not think the advocates of amnesty,
in Congress or out of it, have been very par-
ticular to let the people know how little there
is left upon which it can act. They have not
been particular to tell the people that its whole
and only purpose is to enable the leaders to
hold office. They are not particular now to
tell them that this bill is an invitation to these
leaders to come back to Congress and to the
control of States.
Now, before we remove this restriction, be-
fore we give this invitation, we ought to con-
sider its original purpose. What was th at pu r-
pose? Not punishment certainly. No new
new provision was necessary for that. By pre-
existing law, notonly these leaders, but all their
followers were exposed to the gallows or, by
commutation, to imprisonment, banishment,
and forfeiture. The purpose of the exclusion
was safety, nothing else. We forgave the crime
at once, and legislated only for the future safety
of the Republic. There was a time in our
history, not very remote, when the words " in-
demnity for the past and security for the
future'' controlled the action of the then domin-
ant party. We exacted from the confederates
no indemnity for the past, but made this slight
restriction as security for the future. Security
against what? it is asked. Do you fear a sec-
ond rebellion? No, sir, I do not. Security
against legislation in the interest of the con-
