'192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February IT,
Hq. of Reps.
Government and Education—Mr. Grosser.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
cause will serve to produce bo groat an amount
of misery and distress in all its varieties as
unmitigated ignorance. As 9. preventive, noth-
ing is more efficacious than educational facili-
ties. As a question of police, if for nothing
else, it merits the attention of all those con-
nected with the Government. The actiyemind
of man must have occupation, and will busy
itself either for good or for evil. What more
important subject can occupy the minds of
legislators than that of giving proper direction
to the young and impressible minds of the
country, whose capacity for good or evil is
boundless, and whose growth is not that of a
day or a year, but is for eternity itself'/
We look upon the labor question, and justly
too, as a very serious one, demanding the
earnest attention of the law-makers of the
country) but the only solution to the labor
question is the universal education of the labor-
ing classes. The solution of that question is
not in labor unions to be controlled by dem-
agogues and deceived by capitalists, but that
the laborer be educated, and he will cope with
the capitalist or with any one else, and be able
to take care of his own interests ; but unless
the laboring classes are educated they will
always be made the prey of designing, selfish,
and ambitious men, more intelligent and more
unscrupulous than themselves. The laborer
who has devoted ten or twelve or fifteen
hours out of the twenty-four to his daily toil
is in no condition to investigate or examine
questions of demand and supply, or labor, or
of capital, but must accept the opinions, often
erroneous, of those in whoin, whether justly or
not, he has confidence.
I appeal, therefore, on behalf of the labor-
ing classes throughout the country, for a sys-
tem of universal education that will give to
pvery child in the land an opportunity of com
peting successfully in the race of life with
those around him. No other interest is so de-
serving of the patient attention of the legisla-
tor, as that of the working people, and yet it
is almost entirely overlooked in the lialls of
Congress. In 110 other way could that interest
be so successfully promoted and advanced as
by providing the means and opportunities of
education lor their children. Wo are threat-
ened with railroad and manufacturing monop-
olies in every part of the country, but the
most effective weapon that we can provide
against these dangers is universal education.
A thoroughly intelligent people can never be
bound hand and foot, by any combination
whatever. The question of. female suffrage is
agitating the country, but education fjrgt is
indispensable. Without it no one is fit to exer-
cise the sublime privilege of the elective fran-
chise, whether male or female.
It is the well-grounded complaint of some
of the strongest advocates of female suffrage
that women are lacking in the education neces-
sary to make them intelligent voters. Some
comprehension of our duties as citizens is in-
dispensably necessary to the proper discharge
of our duties as voters. In any republican
State or government intelligence is an essential
requisite to the success of that government,
because it is simply the reflection of the char-
acter and the ability, the hopes and the aspi-
rations, of those who control the ballot-box.
But in our own country it is the more import-
ant, because of the vastness of the interests
involved, the extent of our territory and pop-
ulation, and the effects that will be produced
thx-oughout the entire world in the event of the
future and complete success of our form of
government. All these interests combine
together and implore us to see to it that these
precious trusts are placed in the hands of those
who understand and appreciate them, and that
those who hold in their hands such respons-
ibilities should be made worthy of them. * 'We
must educate or we must perish," said a dis-
tinguished citizen of our country many years
ago ; and what was true then is still more true
to'day, when wealth and .power, aided by the
genius of invention, with their grasping monop-
olies, are striving to secure the control of the
best interests of the county.
There is absolutely no safety in the future
from the monopolies which now threaten us
except in universal education, and we cannot
commence the work a moment too soon. In
these days of the rapid accumulation of wealth
in the hands of q few individuals, when the
lines are being more rigidly drawn between
the rich and the poor, it is evident to every
reflecting mind that the only effective means
of preserving the equilibrium of society is to
be found in the education of all classes of
people, especially of those who are not abun-
dantly able to educate themselves. The rich
need 110 assistance or encouragement, but
those who live by their daily labor, and whose
energies are exhausted in providing the means
of subsistence, do need the care and attention
of the government in the work of educating
their children. If he was properly declared a
public benefactor who made two blades of
grass grow where but one had grown before,
how infinitely greater would that government
be in its benefactions that made itself instru-
mental in putting millions of immortal minds
in the way of grasping and utilizing the ele-
ments of nature that are around and about
us entirely at our service, if we did but com-
prehend them. Every branch of industry in
the country would be benefited by popular
education.
The primitive methpds of agriculture with
which the world was long satisfied are no longer
profitable, and new and improved means are
being constantly demanded by those engaged
m that important interest, in order that they
may keep up with the improvements of the
age. It is now essential to the success of
the farmer that he should understand the laws
which govern the elements from which his
crops are produced. A kuowledge of chem-
istry, geology, climatology, and other sciences
is absolutely necessary to his success. He
must be familiar with the trade and commerce
of the country. All these things are the nat-
ural outgrowth of the rudiments of early edu-
cation, which should be furnished to every
child in tho land. The artisan, the mechanic,
the laborer, as well as the farmer, find intelli-
gence indispensable to success. It was said
by the wisest of men :
"Happy is the man that findcth wisdom and the
man that getteth understanding. Lenglll of days is
in her right hand, and in her left hand riches and
honor."
fie might have said the same of nations as
well as of individuals. With increased intelli-
gence in the more advanced nations of the
world has come not only an immense increase
of wealth, but a decrease of mortality. In
England the mortality has decreased two fifths
in a single century. In the year 1740 the rate
of deaths in Boston was one in twenty-eight
of the population ; now it is one in forty-two.
The statistics of Geneva, it is said, show that
from ICOOto 1700 the average length of human
life in that city was thirteen years and three
months, from 1700 to 1750 it was twenty-seven
years and nine months, from 1750 to 1800 it
was thirty-six years and three months, from
1800 to 1883 it was forty-three years and six
months. This remarkable increase is, undoubt-
edly, owing to increased intelligence among
the people of that city, bringing with it its
accompanying advantages of industry, a
knowledge of the laws of health, and other
corresponding benefits.
Who can estimate the beneficial effects that
would inevitably flow from a universal system
of practical education ? The only useful people
in the world are those who have some educa-
tion, either practical or theoretical. They are
not only useful, but they live longer and enjoy
life infinitely more than barbaric or savage
races, or the ignorant classes in our own coun-
try, who are but a grade or two above barba-
rism. It is a reasonable proposition, from the
facts before us and from past experience, that
the harmonious cultivation and development
of the physical, mental, and moral powers of
the people of the United Stateswould increase
their longevity fifty per cent., and make a still
greater increase in their capacity for useful-
ness and enjoyment. Could the statesman de-
sire a more worthy object, or devote himself
to the accomplishment of a more worthy pur-
pose? Yet there are shallow and unreflecting
people in high positions who would have us
believe that so desirable an object is no part
of the duty of the Government. There is no
other organization that can secure or bring
about this result. In no other way than
through the instrumentality of the Government
cquld the "general welfare " be so effectually
promoted.
In addition to the vast amount of ignorance
which exists in the country, there is another
point deserving of consideration, and that is
the imperfect, superficial systems of education
now in use in various parts of the country.
The inefficient and hybrid methods of instruc-
tion, the irregularity of attendance, the short
time which many children are allowed to attend
school, the want of thorough and practical
teachers, all combine to neutralize in a great
degree the benefits resulting from our pres-
ent educational facilities. Some legislation is
pecessary to correct these evils. A large part
of the money npw expended for school pur-
poses is wasted because ofthe existence of these
irregularities. Not only so, but in many cases
the instruction conveyed is of a pernicious
character.
I hold in my hand a copy of what is called
a Southern History of the U nited States, which
is the only history allowed in the schools of
one of the largest cities of the South, which is
full from beginning to end of false and trea-
sonable statements, and which is calculated
and intended to inculcate sentiments hostile
to the United States Government and to re-
publican institutions. It is scarcely possible
to believe that a Government would allow,
under any circumstances, a book to be fur-
nished to the youth of the country so utterly
at variance with all the principles which true
patriotism would dictate should be taught
them. To elevate the leaders of the rebellion
to the rank of heroes, and to disparage, mis-
represent, and vilify the men who saved the
Union by the sacrifice of their lives upon its
battle-fields, is hardly the duty of those who
assume to be the educators of the country.
But, Mr. Speaker, time will not permit me
to further elaborate this subject. It is too
vast and too important to be properly discussed
in the remarks of an hour. 1 only throw out
a few suggestions, with the hope that, they may
be followed up and agitated until every man,
woman, and child in the nation will see the
necessity tor prompt and efficient action on
the part of the Government to secure the de-
sired result. Let me beseech those who exer-
cise an influence upon public sentiment, and
those who occupy responsible positions in the
country, to give the subject the attention its
importance demands. Years may be neces-
sary to bring about the results we desire to see
accomplished, but generations to come will
reap the benefits and bless the efforts of those
who labor in so divine a cause. The wisest
and best of us, as—
" Wc lsnee! upon tho altar stair.-i
That slope through darkness up to l^ud."
know but little either of our duties or our
destiny.
Let us use our efforts to extend the little
