1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1627
can famish. I recall the art statistics of the Capitol,
derived from the Journals of Congress and reported
by the Commissioner of Education. And this I do
■with the single remark that when most of these ap-
propriations were made a dollar would purchase
twiee as much as it will now:
Grotesque relievos for Rotunda- $14,000
Friexe and w%ath-work  9,500
Fig-are of Liberty and oaglo      1 850
Design and model figures, east front....  1.500
Statues of War and Peace, east front,  24,000
Bust of Jefferson, by Carracei........  4,000
Statues of J efferson and Franklin, by Powers... 20,000
Equestrian statue of Washington, by Mills,... 50 000
0roup for north pediment, by Crawford  45.950
Bronzedoors for Senate wing.  56,495
Design for south wing  8,940
Bronze doors for House of Representatives,
by Rodg-ers...     23,796
Pedestal, by Britti     560
Statue of Hamilton, by Stone  10.000
Design of figure on Dome, by Crawford  3,000
Bronze statue of Goddess of Liberty, by Hills, 20.796
Group. Rescue, by Greenough  24.000
Group, Coltfwbus. by Persico..   24.000
Additional on both.~     8,000
Undrnped statue of Washington, by Green-
ough  28,000
Additional  23,000
BronseequestrianstatueofJackson, by Mills, 28.500
Addition al   ,    10.000
Bust of Lincoln, by Mrs. Ames.  1,500
Additional.., ;    500
Twenty thousand dollars, appropriated to H. K.
Brown for an equestrian statue of General Scott, was
regarded as a sum insufficient to warrant the com-
mencement of the work. AH the statues above
named, except the bronzes, and the bust of Lincoln
by Mrs. Ames, are of second-class marble, showing
stains and diseolorations which very much mar the
general effect. Mrs. Ames's bust of Lincoln, though
of first-class marble, is in three pieces. Yet no one
thinks she was paid too much for herexcellent work.
This life-size statue by Miss Ream is a real mono-
lith. pure as the snow and perfect as mortal art can
make it.
In a letter from Franklin Torrey, the American
consul at Carrara, he says :
"Sbe has certainly been fortunate in theexecution
of her statue, and I assure you that with my twenty
years' experience in the marble quarries I have
never seen a more spotless piece of statuary marble
thnnshehfts in her statue."
Judging, then, of the actual value of the work in
its material and its faitbfuNikenes3 to the original,
it is certainly worth twice the sum which Congresshas
appropriated. If an. body is of ray mind I hope they
will say so. I do not ask an expression from those
who are of an opposite opinion. I usually get that
without asking.
B. SUNDERLAND.
Mr. MUNGEN. I would like to offer an
amendment to the amendment for the pur-
pose of saving a word only. [Loud cries of
"Vote!" Vote! "]
The question was put on Mr. Banks's amend-
ment to increase the appropriation to$10,000j
and there were—ayes 87, no^s 56.
Mr. KELSEY and Mr. FERR1SS called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 70, not voting
92 ; as follows :
YEAS— Mes?rs. Arnell. A'per, Atwood, Axtell,
Banks, Barry. Beatty, B<xles, Booker, James Brooks,
Roderick R. Butler. Calkin, Ccs?na. Sidney Clarke,
Clinton L. Cobb. Conger, Conner. Cox, Crebs, Darrall,
Joseph Dixon, Donley, Dyer, Eldridge. Fox, Gibson,
Griswold. llnmill, Harris, llolmcs. ilotehkiss, Kel-
logg, Kerr. Lawrence, Lon?. Marshall. Mayham,
Maynard. McKenzie, McNeely, J esse H.Moore, Mor-
gan. Daniel J. Morrell. Mungen, Myers, Negley,
Newsham, Niblack,O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Palmer,
Peters, Phelps, Prosser, Kinney, Reeves,Roots,San-
ford, Schumaker, Shanks, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, Starkweather. Strader, Strickland, Strong,
Sypher, Taffe, Tillman, Trimble. Van Horn, Voor-
hees, Wallace, Wilkinson, Witcher Wolf, and
Wood—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Beaman, Benton, Bethune, Bird, Blair. George M.
Brooks, Buckley. Buffinton, Burcnard.Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Churchill, William T. Clark, Amasa
Cobb. Cowles. Cullom, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dox,
Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher. Haldeman,
Hole, Hambleton, llawley. Hoy, Iloar, Thomas L.
Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Lamn,
Lynch, McCarthy, McCormick, McGrew, McKee,
laorcur,WilIiamM«ore, Morphia, Samuel P. Morrill,
Packer, Halbert E. Paine, Perce, Piatt, Pomeroy,
Porter, Potter, Rice, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield,
Stiles, Stoughton, Tanner, Taylor, Tyner, Willinm
B.Washburn, Welker, Willard, and John T.Wil-
son—70. . ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Ayer,
Bailey, Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Biggs,
Bingham, Bowen, Boyd. Buck, Burr, Cake. Cleve-
land, Coburn, Cook. Corker. Dickinson. Nathan F.
Dixon, Dockery, Duko, Duval, Farnsworth, Fitch,
Garfield, Getz, Gilfillan, Haight, Hamilton, Haw-
kins, Hays.Heflin, Hill, Hoge, Holman,-Hooper,
lngera<^l, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd, Knapp, Knott, Lash, Lewis, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Manning. McCrary. Milnes. Eliakim *H.
Moore, Morey, Morrissey. William W. Paine, Peck,
Poland, Price, Randall, Rogers, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober, Slocum, Joseph
S.Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stokes, Stone. Swann, Sweeney, Townsend,
TwichelK Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wells,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitmore, Williams, Eugene
M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, Woodward, and
Young—92.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HOLMAN said: I am paired upon this
question with the gentleman from Minnesota,
Mr. Wilson.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
The Clerk read as follows:
For defraying the expenses of taking the ninth
census of the United States, SI,250,000.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move to amend that
paragraph so as to reduce this appropriation
$•50,000. My object is to call attention to the
fact that the census of 1870, so far as its chief
object is concerned, of obtaining a correct
basis for an apportionment of the representa-
tion of the people among the several States,
is an absolute failure. I do not find fault with
the able and energetic superintendent of the
bureau. The fault does not lie with him, but
with Congress, which not only failed to pass a
law suited to the progress of statistical science
and in accordance with the recommendation
of all statistical congresses, but also failed
to take into consideration the delicate duties
which fell upon the deputy marshals in conse-
quence of the fourteenth amendment.
Under the law of 1850 and 1860, under which
the late census was taken, the census was to
be taken by deputy marshals appointed by the
marshals in the several States. In the State
of Pennsylvania, for instance, with a popula-
tion of three and a half millions, the marshals
of the eastern and western districts were com-
pelled to appoint their deputies from among
men entirely unknown to them. Those depu-
ties were not under the authority of the Super-
intendent of the census. The sub-districts were
formed by men not acquainted with the neces-
sities of the census and not subject to the
supervision of the Superintendent. In many
States half the deputy marshals were negroes,
most of them unable to read and write, and
were compelled to take whites with them in
going the rounds to the houses of their former
masters. In some States half a dozen of these
deputies have been imprisoned for selling their
returns at the corner groceries ; but the main
difficulty has been that these deputy marshals
had judicial duties imposed upon them under
the fourteenth amendment. They were to
determine in the various States what citizens
were excluded from the privileges of suffrage
for other reasons than participation in the
rebellion or crime.
Now nearly every State excludes some of its
citizens from voting for other reasons than
those, such as want of sufficient residence,
poverty, idiocy, insanity, want of educational
qualifications and of property qualifications.
The State of Rhode Island, for instance, has
a property qualification, and the consequence
is that at the very last congressional election
in that State in one district there were less
than twenty-five hundred votes polled; and
in the other district where there was a great
contest, five gentlemen running in opposition
to each other, less than ten thousand votes
were polled. In Massachusetts, where there
is an educational qualification, there were less
upon an average than fifteen thousand votes
polled in each district. Now, in New York
and Pennsylvania, and in the States of the
great West, where the population is constantly
increasing by immigration, the average is much
greater, from twenty to twenty-five thousand.
Having stated these preliminary facts, I wish
to call the attention of this House and of the
country to the further fact that the deputy
marshals have returned tables which do not
show the number of citizens of the several
States who are excluded from the right of suf-
frage for other cause than participation in the
rebellion or for crime. The consequence is
that when you come to prepare a bill appor-
tioning representation among the people of
the several States you will do injustice to the
whole West; you will do injustice to Pennsyl-
vania, you will do injustice to New York, and
impair the whole foundation of representation
in this House.
Mr. DAWES. I oppose the amendment, and
call for a vote npon it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
# For the payment of pensions, under the act grant-
ing pensions to certain soldiers and sailors of the
war of 2S12, and tbe widows of deceased soldiers,
approved February 14.1871, S4,500,000.
No amendment was offered.
Mr. McGREW. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
election contest beard vs. corker.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House papers in the contested-elec-
tion case of Beard vs. Corker, from the fifth
congressional district of the State of Georgia ;
which were ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee of Elections.
william a. griffen.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, askedand obtained
unanimous consent for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the papers in the case of
William A. Griffen.
The question was then taken on the motion
to adjourn ; and it was agreed to.
Accordingly (at five o'clock and forty-five
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The memorial of Sanford
Lyne, W. P. Daniel, and a large number of
others, citizensof Woodford county, Kentucky,
praying Congress to grant a charter to the
Cincinnati southern railroad.
Also, the petition of Philip B. Thompson,
of Mercer county, Kentucky, praying for relief
from legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of John
Merrick, a citizen of Ozark, Dale county, Ala-
bama, asking the removal of his political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution.
By Mr. DUVAL: The petition of Benjamin
Sanders, of Brook county, West Virginia, pray-
ing for a law to enable him to take an appeal
from a decision of the United States court,
western district of Pennsylvania, now barred
by limitation.
By Mr. HAMILTON: A bill (accompanied
by a memorial from the Florida Legislature]
to establish a post route from Quitman, Geor-
gia, to Deadman's Bay, Florida.
Also, a bill to establish certain other mail
routes.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of William
Sellers and Coleman Sellers, praying Congress
to permit them to file their application for an
extension of letters-patent less than ninety
days before the expiration of the original term
thereof with the same effect as if they had filed
the same more than ninety days before its expi-
ration.
By Mr. VAN WYCK: A petition of citi-
zens of New Jersey, that public lands be not
donated to railroad or other corporations, but
reserved for actual settlers.
