1628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 24, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
mis, I). D.
Tho Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the reading of
the Journalbe dispensed with.
Mr. VICKERS. I object to that. Iwant
to know what was done last night. . •
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
Journal. .... - 
Mr. CAMERON, (at elevep' o'clock and
sixteen minutes a. m.) I perceive there is a
quorum present now, and therefore I move
that the further reading af the Journal be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. THURMAN. I object. Iwant it read.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal;
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 3000) relative to the
taking of depositions de bene esse in the
courts of the TJnited States, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Comiiiittee on the
Judiciary.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 519} extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal was read
twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution
will be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands if there be no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that there
is nothing in that but to extend time. Let it
lie a moment and I will see what it i§.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint res-
olution will lie on the table for the present.
bridges in missouri.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a message from the House of Represent-
atives, asking for a conference committee on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 3033) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge over the Mississippi river
at Louisiana, Missouri, and also a bridge over
the Missouri river at Glasgow in said State,
in which the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Schdrz] who is absent on account of sick-
ness is interested.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that the con-
ference be agreed to, and that the Chair
appoint the conferees, composed of that Sen-
ator and others.
Mr. RAMSEY. The other "Senator from-
Missouri [Mr. BlairJ is here.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection to
a conference.
Mr. BLAIR. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendments and ask for a conference.
The motion was agreed to ; and it was
ordered that the conferees be appointed by
the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Blair, Pomeroy, and Ramsey the conferees
on the part on the Senate.
credentials.
Mr. STEARNS presented the credentials
of William Windom, chosen by the Legislature
of the State of Minnesota a Senator from that
State for the term commencing March 4,1871;
which were read, and ordered to be placed on
file.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the
petition of James P. Douglas, of Smith eoanty,
Texas, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented two* petitions Gf
citizens of Kentucky, praying1 for the-passage
©f the bill now before Congress to promote
the construction of the Cincinnati Southern
railway; which were- ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of B. B.
Lindsay, praying payment of bounty to soldiers
of the regtilaf Army who served in the late war
and were enlisted prior to the year 1861; which
was wsfewed to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
• Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
John H. Savage, of Warren county, Tennessee,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of W. H.
Battle, of Wake county, North Carolina, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
journal of yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. I want the question on the
Journal of yesterday reserved for a moment.
I want to look at it. I think there is an error
in the Journal as it was read. I want to call
the attention of the Senate to it if I find on
examining it that there is an error, so that it
may be corrected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
desires to reserve the Journal for correction.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think I shall have to
make the same request. There is an error
there. I am not at all surprised at it under the
ai p/inmetfln.f>OC
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proper time
is at the completion of the reading of the Jour-
nal, when its correction would be in order. At
any other time it will require a motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration Of it. The proper
time for its approval is when it has been read;
but business has intervened since. If there be
no objection, however, the Chair will reserve
the point for the two Senators. It is so
reserved.
itomrt boyd, jr.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1619) to restore Robert Boyd, jr., to the
active list of the Navy of the United States,
have directed me to report it back with an
amendment, and recommend its passage; and
I ask for its present consideration. It will
only take a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The amendment of the Committee on Naval
Affairs was to strike out all after the enacting
clause and insert in lien thereof the following:
That the President of the tT nited States be author-
ized to nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate to appoint Robert Boyd, jr.,
now on the reiiredlist as a commander in the active
list of the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend -
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
general steamboat law.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the House amend-
ment to the bill (S. No. 716) to provide for the
better security of life on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, ana for
other purposes, have directed me to report it
back. The amendment made by the House of
Representatives is in the form of a substitute.
It is precisely the same bill, with immaterial
modifications, which passed the Senate. The
committee has examined it, and have unani-
mously directed me to report it back and ask
that the Senate concur in the amendments of
the House of Representatives. It is the same
bill that the Senate passed last year, a very
important bill, and I ask immediate action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives 1 The Chair hears
none, and it is so ordered.
bridge at boonville.
Mr. BLAIR. In the absence of my col-
league, who is detained at home by illness in
his family, I ask the Senate to rake np and
consider the bill introduced by him for the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at Boonville, which has been reported from
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1236) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river at Boonville, Missouri. The bill provides
in the first section that the Boonville Railroad
Bridge Company, a corporation existing under
the laws of Missouri, be authorized to. construct
and maintain a bridge over the Missouri river
between thecity of Boonville, in Cooper county,
and Franklin, in Howard county, in that State.
The bridge is to be a lawful structure, and to
be recognized and known as a post route,
upon which, also, no higher charge shall be
made for the transmission over the same of
the mails, the troops, and the munitions of
war of the United States, than the rate per
mile paid for the transportation over the rail-
road or public highways leading to the bridge:
and it is to enjoy the rights and privileges of
other post roads in the United States. If the
bridge be made with unbroken and continuous
spans, it is not to be of less elevation in any
case than fifty feet above high-water mark, as
understood at the point of location, to the bot-
tom ehord of the bridge, nor shall the spans
of the bridge over the main channel of the
river be less than two hundred and fifty feet in
length, and the piers of the bridge shall be
parallel with the current of the river. If it
bo constructed as a draw-bridge, the draw or
pivot shall be over the main channel of the
rives at an accessible navigable point, and the
spans not less than one hundred and fifty feet
in length in the clear; and the piers shall be
parallel with the current of the river, and the
spans shall not be less than ten feet above
high-water mark to the bottom chord of said
bridge; and the draw shall be opened promptly
upon reasonable signal for the passing of boats.
The right to alter or amend the act so as to
prevent or remove all material obstructions to
the navigation of the river by the construction
of bridges is expressly reserved.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with an amendment,
which was stated to be at the end of the third
section to insert the following proviso:
And provided further. That all railway companies
desiring to use the said bridge shall have and do en-
titled to equal rights and privileges in the passago
of the same and in the use of the machinery and fix-
tures thereof, and of all the approaches thereto,
under and upon such terms and conditions as shall
be prescribed by the district court of the United
States for the western district of Missouri, upon hear-
ing the allegations and proofs of the parties in case
they shall not agree.
Mr. BLAIR. The amendment recommend-
ed by the committee was to strike out the third
section allowing a draw-bridge on the Missouri
river at all. We do not want a draw-bridge
on the Missouri. The channel changes there,
so that you may have a sand-bar right in the
draw one year where the channel ran the year
before. The Secretary will find that the rec-
ommendation was to strike out that section
allowing the draw-bridge.
Mr, RAMSEY. I think the Senator is mis-
taken, That was the representation of the
Missouri delegation in regard to the bridge bill
nowin thehandsof a committee of conference;
but at the time this bill was reported, at an
earlier day, there was no such opposition on
the part of the Missouri delegation.
Mr. BLAIR. I make the motion on behalf
of my colleague to strike out the third section.
We cannot rely upon the channel remaining
in the same place year after year.
