194
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
Ho. of Reps.
Claim of 3IcOarrahaii—Mr. Lawrence.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
to the most earnest consideration of this
House, and of the whole country. I cannot
hope, iu the light of what I have seen here,
that they will arrest the attention of the gen-
tleman from New York, or even the gentle-
man from Ohio, whose brief dialogue with the
Chairman of the Pacific Railroad Committee
ended in his happy reconciliation to the South
Pacific bill. But they cannot fail to be pon-
dered by those who prize the equal rights of
the people and the broad interests of the whole
country, untrammeled by special influences.
The question presented by the railway power
of the United States is the question of com-
mercial feudalism. It is the question of democ-
racy on the one hand, and aristocracy on the
other, meeting in deadly conflict for the mas-
tery. It is the question whether we shall have
a Government resting upon the policy of small
farms, compact communities, free schools, and
equality of rights, or a Government owned
and dominated by great corporations which
never die, which band themselves together as
a unit against the rights of the people, and
will accept nothing short of imperial power
over Congress, State Legislatures, and the
courts. The railway, as one of the great forces
of American politics, is new ; but in this age
of marvelous activities and commercial greed
it already represents a larger moneyed interest
than that through which three hundred thou-
sand slaveholders so long and so absolutely
governed the country. "It took generations
to limit the baron's prerogative by law, but in
less than twenty years the law has been made
the servant, to do the bidding of the railway."
Sir, I ask gentlemen to take these startling
facts home to themselves, and lay them to
heart in season. I ask them to consider
whether our hot-bed policy of building up
towns and great cities, amassing vast private
fortunes, and fostering luxurious and extrav-
agant living is not eating out the virtue of
the people, and sapping the very life of our
institutions? Democracy can only grow and
thrive in the sun and air of equal laws and
equal opportunities. It gathers its vitality
from the conditions which surround it. It
must breathe the atmosphere of the whole
people, and renew its life in the fertilizing
dews of their common humanity. It needs
to be cherished and strengthened by ceaseless
discipline and care, like the life of the body,
and must wither and die under the shadow of
aristocracy and privilege in whatever form.
In theory ours is a Government of the peo-
ple ; but in practice it is rapidly degenerating
into an oligarchy of grasping capitalists, wield-
ing their power through our constantly mul-
tiplying corporations. Since the formation
of the Government we have sold in all only
one hundred and sixty million acres of the
public domain, a large proportion of which
was bought by non-resident owners for merely
speculative purposes, and is to day held back
from settlement by our homeless people; but
we have allowed two hundred million acres
to fall into the remorseless grasp of corpor-
ations, whose feudalization of land and labor
I have indicated, while bills are now on the
Speaker's table calling for the additional
quantity of at least one hundred million
acres. Can any thinking man face these facts
and feel that the Republic is safe?
Can a Government be called free whose citi-
zens are made landless by its systematic pol-
icy? Can a republic, still in the day of its
youth, be honestly lauded in which the number
of its land owners is constantly decreasing,
while the obstacles to the acquisition of homes
are constantly multiplied ? Let it be remem-
bered also that while these millions of acres
■ are«being surrendered to corporate wealth, and
still other millions are passing into the hands
of monopolists under the name of military
bounties, college scrip, swamp-laud grants, and
Indian treaties, Congress, as if the absolute
slave of these monopolies, persistently refuses
to legislate for the workingman and pioneer.
A bill to prevent the further sale of the whole
of our remaining public domain which is fit for
tillage, except to actual settlers under the pre-
emption and homestead laws, would prove a
more beneficent and far reaehing-measure than
even the homestead law itself. It would simply
carry out the avowed policy of the Adminis-
tration, and make it impregnable. It would
intrench it in the hearts and homes of the
people, and insure the Republican party a new
lease of its life. It would, I am sure, be wel-
comed by ninety-nine hundredths of the people
of the United States, and condemned by those
only who believe in the gospel of plunder and
spoliation.
I challenge any man, of any party, to give me
a single reason why Congress should not pass
such an act at once. I challenge any man to
account for the repeated votes in this body
against this proposition, without reference to
the corporate and special interests to which I
have referred, and whose will has uniformly
taken the shape of law. For years have I
striven for it in this House, and with increasing
earnestness, as I have seen the public domain
melting away under the shamelessly prodigal
policy of the Government.
The measure was voted down at the last ses-
sion on the yeas and nays by a large majority,
as it had been before, and 1 fear 1 shall not be
able to try the question again at this session.
We carried it as a measure applicable to a
few States and Territories in July last, at the
instance, of their Representatives, but our bill
sleeps rti the Senate Committee on Public
Lands, and will ktiow no waking, because it
would inaugurate a policy threatening the
profits which organized capital and financial
rapacity hope to realize through still further
raids upon the public lands. Let the people
note the fact, and let their watchword hencefor-
ward be the emancipation of the public domain,
and the emancipation of themselves from their
cruel and unnatural bondage to corporations
and associated wealth.
Claim of McGarrahan.
SPEECH OF HON. W. LAWRENCE,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
February 23, 1871,
On the report of the Judiciary Committee on the
memorial of William McGarrahan.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, there is
a tract of land in California known as the
"Panoche Grande rancho," consisting of
seventeen thousand five hundred acres. Wil-
liam McGarrahan claims that he is the equi-
table owner of all this land under a grant from
Mexico while California belonged to that re-
public, and that the treaty of 1846, between
the United States and Mexico bound the Uni-
ted States to ascertain the validity of his claim
and issue a patent to him. He also claims that
on the 14th of March, 1863, President Lincoln
duly executed a patent in his favor for this
land, which was recorded in the General Land
Office, and that the title is already in him;
but this was, as he insists, mutilated by pencil
erasures and otherwise, all unauthorized and
illegal. But he proposes to pay to the United
States $1 25 an acre for all the land, which
would bring into the national Treasury
$21,875, and on this condition he asks that
his title be confirmed to him. (House Report
No. 24, Judiciary Committee, third session
Forty-First Congress.)
There is another claimant for a part of this
land. The New Idria Mining Company claim
that under the mining act of Congress of July
20, 1866, (14 Statutes, 251,) they have acquired
a right to a patent for four hundred and fifty
acres of the land, by paying into the national
Treasury $2 50 an acre; in all, $1,125. And
there are perhaps a few preemptors who claim
portions of the land. 1 believe it is gener-
ally conceded that these four hundred and
fifty acres so claimed by the New Idria Min-
ing Company are very valuable for the quick-
silver they contain, and that the residue ofthe
land is neither valuable for mining nor agricul-
tural purposes—is practically of no value, or
that most of it is in this condition.
In the discussions in the House on the 15th of
May, 1868, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, showed that
the United States would receive more money
from McGarrahan under his proposition than
they w ould by any other mode of disposing of
the lands under any existing law. (See vol-
ume 07 of Globe for 1868, part 3, page 2478.)
And this, I believe, was not controverted.
If we were to look only to the pecuniary in-
terests of the United States as involved in the
propositions of McGarrahan and the New Idria
Company, under' existing laws the United
States would receive more money by confirm-
ing the claim of McGarrahan than that of the
New Idria Company.
But questions of right and duty arc not to
be measured by pecuniary interests. We are
bound by every consideration of justice to
respect all rights which have been acquired, if
there are any such. Fiat justitia ruat ccelum.
But I do not see that we are called on now
to decide whether rights have been acquired
or not.
On the part of the New Idria Company it
is claimed that the patent lo McGarrahan
never was properly executed, though it is
found recorded with President Lincoln's name
to it in the records of the General Land Office,
with a pencil erasure over the name, and other
erasures to indicate that it never was executed.
The Judiciary Committee of this House are
divided in opinion on the question whether
there is a valid record.
The report of the majority of the commit-
tee recommends the adoption of a resolution
declaring "that William McGarrahan is not
entitled to the relief piayed for."
The minority ofthe committee make a report,
through my colleague, [Mr. Bingham,] recom-
mending the adoption of a joint resolution
declaring—
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he
hereby is, directed to cause the record on pages 312
to 321 inclusive, in volume four of "California Land
Claims," of the patent of a tract of land known as
the"Panoche Grande,"as set forth therein, to be
transcribed into the records as the same stood on tho
record book of the General Land Office at the time
it was examined, without any mutilation or erasure
whatever, so that the legal eii'ect of the record so
transcribed shall be the samoas if the original record
had never been interfered with or mutilated; and
when such record shall have been so made, as herein
provided, it shall bo marked " cxaminedd" as it was
originally marked. And thePresident ot the Dmted
States is hereby authorized and required to do in the
premises whatevermay, in his judgmeut, be just and
equitable, without regard to any action or proceed-
ing had subsequent to the 14th day of March, 1863,
the date of the patent recorded.
Whatever rights McGarrahan is entitled to
have, if any, by virtue of the Mexican grant,
either through the action of the President and
the Commissioner of the General Land Oflice
acting under the law, or by proceedings in
court or otherwise, ought not to be lightly
stricken down by a law now to be passed. And
I am prepared to say the same of the rights
ofthe New_Idria Mining Company, if any they
have. Ifeiiher McGarrahan or this company
has rights I do not see how Congress can prop-
erly pass a law to defeat them ; nor can 1 per-
ceive why it can be necessary for the House
now to express an opinion by resolution that
McGarrahan is "not entitled to the relief
prayed for in his petition." To do so may,
iu the public judgment of the country, preju-
