1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
Mr. MORUILL, of Maine. Just another
question, and then I will cease my interroga-
tories.
Mr. MAYITAM. I have no objection to
answer any question the gentleman may ask
as well as L can.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask, then, if
it has not frequently been the case that there
has been a necessity to call upon the military
forces in order to suppress mob violence and
bloodshed within tjie precincts of the city of
New Yoik?
Mr. MAUI AM. I answer the gentleman by
s.aying that never on an election day has there
been the pretense, shadow, or show of violence
in '.he city of New York. I will appeal to that
p/'iitieman and to every gentleman upon this
floor who has ever been in the city of New
York on the day of an election, and I will
challenge them to contradict me when I say
t liar it is one of the most peaceable, one of the
uiu^t orderly, one of the most quiet localities
i". (tie Fedeial Union on the day of an election.
Sir, i visited the city of New York on the day
of an iiuyotfantelec.tion,on the morningof the
(.lection when (lie late Chief Magistrate was
clio.vfii, and but, for my knowledge derived
fioui the public press, and my knowledge that
it, was the day of holding the election, I as a
stranger in that city would not have known
thai mere was an election being held there.
Men come quietly 10 the polls and deposit their
ballots. ;i.nd with that industry characteristic
of that great city they then move on about
tlx-ir business and vocations, and you do not
see a knot of ten men in the corner groceries
on the day of an election. There is better
older there than there is in most of the quiet
and rural towns and districts in the interior
of the State. J venture to say that the gentle-
man wi'il find in his own district quiet, peace-
able. rural localities where he will see more
drunkenness, more debauchery, more riot, tur-
moil. and tumult on an election day than he can j
find in any locality in the city of New York. !
Mr. Speaker, if I am right in the introduc- |
tiou of th"se resolutions, and if the Governor j
of the State of New York has told the truth, j
if there has been an effort on the part of the j
Federal Government to interfere with the ,
ballot, no matter what the practical result of |
that tffort may have been, justice to the people j
and a proper self respect on the part of the
people deniurd that no such interference •
shall be tolerated. As I remarked, in an-
swer to the gentleman's inquiry, the casting
of the ballot is a voluntary act o? the citizen.
Under no circumstances should it be interfered
with with impunity. And, sir, so careful have
the people of the State of New York been in
guarding that, ballot that they have passed a
law piohibiting the organization, arming, or
paiading of military forces on the day of elec-
tion, or'within five'days prior to any election
ia that State. It, was, sir, with a view to
guard against the danger of having the citizen
fee'even that he is menaced by the military
power of the Government. It was for the
purpose of preserving the purity and freedom
of the ballot, and the volition of the voter
when he deposited that most sacred pledge of
the citizen, the ballot, by which the destinies
of this nation ought to be controlled. Sir, to
guard against that, as I betove remarkthe
Legislature of the State of New York have
passed a statute, and to show the gentleman
from Maine how careful the people of .New
York are to protect themselves against mili-
tary interference, I ask the Clerk to read sec-
tion six of the chapter of the revised statute
to which 1 refer.
'] he Clerk read as follows:
If any officer or other person $1mM «*noot or
v'ious thereto, except in cases of inv.
rfCiion. he shall forfeit tlip sun} oi ">r svory
such oiler* so,
Jif MAYHAM. The oboist for which the
provision just read was enacted is to my mind
perfectly obvious. It originated in the desire
of the people to preserve the purity of the
ballot-box and the entire volition of the voter.
The object is to prevent any military interfer-
ence therewith. Now, while I confess that
that statute has no legal or binding force upon
the President of the United States, yet it is
declaratory of the sentiments and views of the
American people in reference to the sacred -
ness of the ballot-box.
Sir, in the early history of our State, a
Slate whiehyou, Mr. Speaker, [Mr. Cuurchill
in the chair,] as well as myself represent in
part, the question of Federal interference v/as
discussed and considered by a very distin-
guished Chief Magistrate of that State ; a man
who, at that time, if I am correctly informed,
was Inderal in politics, who believed in a strong
Federal Government and a strong Federal
administration. The interference of which he
complained in one of his annual messages, and
concerning which he.used strong language,
was simply a pretended attempt on the part
of the Federal Executive to influence elections
through hisappointmentsin thedifferent States.
Against that kind of influence, against that kind
of coercion, against that kind of control of the
freedom of the ballot in the States, Governor
De Witt Clinton many years ago entered his
solemn protest. What would have been his
language if, instead of the appointment of offi-
cials and the attempt to control them, the mil-
itary arm of the Federal Government had been
sent there to mena.ee, to overawe, and to defy
the civil authorities of the State and to influ-
ence the result of the election ? I ask the
Clerk to read an extract from that message
of Governor De Witt Clinton, -which I have
marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
"As a member of the American Confe deraey. it is
not only our duty, but our interest, to sustain the
respectability and to promote tiie authority of the
national Government, by   patriotic and enlight-
ened exercise of our suffrages, and by contributing all
our eneigies to establish a wise and public-spirited
administration, liut in attending to measures so
importantweoughtnot to overlook the duties which
we'mve to ourselves. Our Government is complex
in its organization, and it i- essentially necessary to
preserve the State governments in their purity and
energy. A free government could never exist in a
country so extensive as the Untied States without. a.
judicious combination of the Federa.1 and represent-
ative principles. The apprehensions which some of
our wisest statesmen eutertuiued at the formation
of the Constitution, that thcStatp governments would
constantly encroach on the powers of tna national
Government, appearnot to have been realized, lhe
practical tendency has been in the opposite da-po-
tion. The power of the General Administration has
increased with the extension of its patronage. _ And
if the officers under its appointment shall soe bt, as
an organized and disciplined corps, to interfere m
the State elections, I .trust there will bo.lounrt a
becoming disposition in the people to resist these
alarming attempts upon the purity and ladepcnd-
enco of their local governments; tor whenever the
pillars whieh support the edifice of the general
Government are undermined and prostrated the
whole fabric of national freedom and prosperity will
bo crushed in ruiu. 1 have considered it my solemn
duty to protest against these unwarrantable intru-
sions of extraneous influence, and I hope that the
national Legislat ure will not bo regardless oi its duty
on this occasion."
Mr. MAYHAM. The history of the world
is full of instances of the danger to a republic
of interference on the part of the military
power. While I respect that arm ot the Gov-
ernment ; while I regard it as essential to the
preservation of any nation that there should be
a well-organized military department of the
Government, the exercise of that arm must be
in defense, and not in menace of the rights of
the people.
Take, for instance, the history of France.
After the republican sentiment in France had
compelled the abdication of Louis Philippe,
and the people had by ail overwhelming vote
declared in favor of a democratic republican
form nf government, and had elected one or
two chief magistrates, called presidents, after
he example of the Government ot the United
president, it will be remembered by gentlemen
on this floor, submitted to the people of France
th e question whether they would have a republic
or an empire.
But how was that question submitted ? Who
doubts but at the moment that question was
submitted there was an overwhelming majority
of the people in favor of a republican form of
government in France? Who doubts but that
a people just emerging from a monarchy and
just assuming the responsibilities of a free and
independent republic really believed that that
kind of government was better for the interests
of France than an empire ? And yet, under the
influence of the bayonet, (not exerted violently,
it is true, nobody killed, nobody hurt, butamili-
tary squad placed at every polling placed in the
en tire nation,) the popular vote on that occasion,
instead of expressing the popular sentiment,
was, so far as it expressed itself at ail, in favor
of an empire. Hence republican institutions
were forever blotted out in that fair land.
Who will dare to say that if the Federal
Executive of this nation can send his troops
to New York—that point of all others where
the vote is most strongly against him—and
can attempt to influence voters there, he will
not do what the Governor in his message an-
ticipates—-enforce by military dictation, even
stronger than heretofore, the will and the
wishes of the Administration?
Sir, I have no word of complaint against
President Grant. • I antagonize the principle.
I believe it to be opposed to our free insti-
tutions. 1 believe it to be at war with the
doctrine of a free ballot, so flauntingly put
forward by the Republican party at its organ-
ization, and under which they have acquired
for the time being the reins of government.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether at the election in New York the
military inspected the ballots to ascertain for
whom voters cast their ballots.
Mr. MAYHAM. No, sir, I suppose not;
but when you appoint a constabulary force,
armed with Navy revolvers, and place them at
the polls, they sympathizing with the Admin-
istration, and knowing that they are there U> do
its bidding, the voter very well understands for
what purpose such a force is placed there, and
many timid individuals may be influenced in
their action by the presence of those Federal
officials thus panoplied in Federal armor.
Mr. BENTON. One further question. At
the election in France, to which the gentleman
has referred, was there not ati opportunity on
the part of the soldier to determine how the
citizen cast his vote, whether for the empire
or for the republic?
Mr. MAYIIAJI. I do not know how that
may have been, nor do I care. The principle
which will allow interference to any degree
will authorize it to such an extent as to accom-
plish its object. The interference has its ob-
ject ; it is dictated by a motive; and if that
object may be carried out to any extent, it may
be carnedout to sucb an exteutas will accom-
plish the object.
Mr. BENTON. One further question, if
the gentleman will permit it. Can he state
that a single cass has occurred in his State
where, by the presence of the military at the
polls, the exercise of the right of suffrage has
been interfered with?
Mr. MAYHAM. Yes, sir. The exercise
of the right of suffrage was interfered with
when the Federal ship of war was placed with
its cannon pointed toward that cify in menace
of the free exercise of the elective franchise.
The right of the citizen was interfered with
when lhe legally appointed officers of the State
of New York, clothed as lliey were with all tiie
powers requisite to preserve Older and insure
a fair election, wero confronted oy Federal
ofticers charged by Federal authority to ignore
the authority of the State government.
Mr, BENT ON. I do not understand the
feml&man to state Ijow or -why the sight oi
uffrage' was {ntetfere'cl with.
