1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Amendment of Constitution—Mr. Lawrence.
Ho. of Heps.
dice some right of McGarrahan and embar-
rass the executive officers of the Government
in passing on his rights. If he has no rights
the President, the proper officers of the Land
Office and Interior Department, or the courts,
will so decide. And until we are asked by
some bill or resolution to give or confirm some
title to him I do not see that it is necessary
to express any opinion as to liis alleged rights.
If we were called upon to give or coufirm a
title a very different question would be pre-
sented. Then I would feel bound to carefully
investigate and inquire with all the old and
new lights and evidence there may be upon
the subject. But a mere expression of opin-
ion against him is unnecessary, and besides
settles nothing. Another Congress may re-
open the whole controversy ; and why make
declarations which would not he respected
even in the courts or in any Department of the
Government? It seems to me that with the
record of a patent in the Land Office a new
phase is given to this whole subject, and that
the rights of McGarrahan now, if he has any,
may be settled by the courts of the country.
If anything remains to be done by the execu-
tive department of the Government, it may
safely be left to do what may be authorized
and right.
I am not entirely satisfied that it is neces-
sary or proper to pass the resolution reported
by my colleague, [Mr. Bixgham.] His minor-
ity report recommends the enactment of a law,
" that the Secretary of the Interior be directed"
to transcribe into the Land Office records the
record of the patent to McGarrahan, without
mutilation or erasure, " as if the original record
had never been interfered with or mutilated."
The unauthorized mutilation of a valid record
is a grave crime. But if we may go into the
question of fact, whether there is a valid record
and whether it has been improperly mutilated,
and then restore it by law, we have gone a step
in the direction of saying that we may decide
and declare by law that any given patent has
been improperly issued, and provide for its
mutile ion and that it shall be annulled.
The validity or invalidity of the rccord of
this patent and the question whether it was
mutilated or not are judicial questions, as it
seems to me. Whether they may properly also
be legislative questions it seems to me we need
not now decide. The courts can inquire into
the alleged mutilation of the record and the
validity of the patent; and the proper execu-
tive department may also inquire and decide
for itself if there has been any such mutilation.
A court of chancery has power even to restore
a lost, mutilated, or destroyed record. Is not,
then, the question for decision on the record
of the patent properly a judicial question.
(1 Story. Equity Jurisprudence, section 254-
.184-440.)
Let. me be not misunderstood. I do not
affirm that if there has been a mutilation of a
valid record that Congress might not., in a
proper contingency, restore it by law ; but
this should not be done except on mature con-
sideration and lor urgent reasons. No effort
has yet been made in the proper executive
Department of the Government to ascertain
the facts and to remedy the wrong, if any
exists. Why not appeal to the Department?
We all know the difficulty of deciding contro-
verted facts in Congress.
The resolution also provides that—
The Pre<ddentofthcUnited8tates shall beouthor-
i?.cd to do in the premises whatever may m bisjudg-
ment be just and equitable, without reeard to any
action o** proceeding hadsubsequent tothc 11th day
of jkarch, 13G3, the date of the patent recorded.
This, it seems to me, is unnecessary. The
law now authorizes the executive department
of the Government to pass on the rights ut'llie
parties who claim this land as fully as this res-
olution proposes. In doing this the President
may be safely trusted, and he ought not to be
limited in any way which might impair the
rights of any party.
The resolution reported by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr.peters,] from the Judiciary
Committee, was as follows:
Be it resolved by the House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled. That
William McGarrahan is not entitled to the relief
prayed for in his petition, and that the committee
be discharged from a further consideration of the
same.
The gentleman from Illinois moved to amend
that resolution by adding to it, as an addition,
the following:
Resolved, That'in the opinion of this Ilouse there
is no sufficient evidence that either William McGar-
rahan or the New Idria Mining Company has a title,
either legal or equitable, to the land known as the
Panoche Grande, in the State of California; and
tbatsnch proceedings should at once be instituted
as will recover the possession of the same and assert
the title ot the United States therein.
I voted against the proposition to add this
resolution. In doing so I did not, intend to
express any opinion on the question whether
either McGarrahan or the New Idria Mining
Company had or had not any legal or equit-
able title to the land in controversy. It was
a vote merely against making the addition. I
did not desire to complicate the subject with
these additional questions. In the multitude
of engagements and duties imposed upon me
during this short session of Congress, it has
been impossible to make that examination
and investigation which would enable me to
properly decide these questions. Nor did I
see that it is now rendered necessary to decide
them.
Since this subject was examined by the Judi-
ciary Committee, two years or more ago, I un-
derstand much new evidence has been taken
and much new light has been thrown upon this
whole controversy. How far that may affect
the proper decision of these questions it is
impossible, without more consideration than I
have been able to give to the subject, for me
now to decide. I cannot now condemn the
action of this House on this subject two years
ago on the evidence then before them, nor can
1 now say that the new evidence and investi-
gations since made may or may not call for
different conclusions.
I have thus briefly expressed these views as
they now occur to me. I have never been
called upon to express opinions with more dis-
trust and doubt of their correctness than I
have done in this instance. I have not bad
the time to examine these questions as they
deserved. They are grave in their character;
and, in the midst of conflicting doubts, I be-
lieve the position I have taken is as nearly
correct as it is possible now to reach. They
at least can do no injustice to any party, and
so far they are safe at least.
Amendment of Constitution—Election of
Presidential Electors.
SPEECH OF HON. W. LAWRENCE,
of ohio,
I.\- the House of Representatives,
February 23, 1871,
On the joint resolution (H. E. No. 101) proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, on the 23d
of February, 1869, I had the honor to make a
report to this House recommending the passage
of a joint resolution proposing an amendment
to the Constitution, (House Report No. 31,
third session Fortieth Congress, page 90.) The
reasons, in part, in favor of this joint resolu-
tion are stated in that report. Since that time
a careful examination of the subject satisfied '
me that it was advisable to somewhat modify
the joint resolution, and accordingly, on the
22d of December, 1809, I introduced a sub-
stitute for it, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws, and is
now before that committee.
As this joint resolution presents a subject
of great importance to the whole country, one
of much more than ordinary gravity, I desire
to put on record some testimony in its favor.
It has become the subject of discussion in
learned associations, in tiie newspaper press,
and I liave received many letters in its favor.
I will accompany these remarks with some of
these evidences of the importance of the meas-
ure, by publishing them in the Glob®, in the
hope that they may aid in the consideration of
the subject hereafter. At this late day in the
session I cannot, expect, the attention of the
House to any lengthy discussion, and it is
manifest now that no final action can be had.
I content myself, therefore, now with present-
ing to the House some of the matter to which
I have referred:
Joint resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative
of the United Suites of America in Cmigre*s assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring.) That the lol-
lowing amendment of theConstitutionof the United
States be proposed totbeseveral Stntestoradoption,
pursuant to the iitth article of said Constitution :
Article —.
The electors of President, ar.d Vice President shall
be chosen as follows: two electors ot President ami
Vice President shall be chosen at large from each
State by the qualified voters therein. A number of
electors in each State equal to the whole number of
Representatives to which sncli State may be entitled
in Congress shall be chosen m smgledistricts ot con-
tiguous and compact territory, each containing:, as
nearly as practicable, an equal amount of popula-
tion. The times, places, and manner ot choosing
such electors shall be prescribed m each State by the
Legislature thereof, but the Congress may at any
time by law make or alter such regulations. Con-
gress shall by law provide for the ease of absence,
death, resignation, or inability of any elector. pre-
scribe the mode of determining the validity of the
choice of electors, and of contesting the right to tne
office ot President and Vice President.
31 Pembertox Squire.
Bosrox, November 1, 1869.
My Dear Sir ; * ~ A With this I
send you a copy of the New York Times, with an
abstract of a paper read bv me betorethe social
science meeting in New York last week. In accord-
ance witll rnv suggestion it Mas. \oted to niemoi i.i fixe
Congress ofii daily at the nest session m behalf of
your proposed amendment to the Constitution. This
memorial will be signed by some ot the strongest
names in the country, and wilt be pres-ed on C in-
gress through the agents of the association. YvV al^o
have the support of the New York Evening Po"t,
Times, and Tribune, ard of the Chicago 'iubune
pledged to the amendment.
I remain, &c.,
CHARLES F.ADAMS, jr.
Hon. William Lawrence.
Tribune Editort il lioons,
CniCAt.o, ToivwW 11,1S63.
Detit Sir,: *■-« -- Take a case: sup-
pose that at the next presidenlial election Indiana
votes for Hoffman as a State, pivinpr Jnm two Horr-
ors, and that he carries five districts; that General
Grant carries si r districts, and t_b.it <nw of the latter
dies or otherwise becomes ineligible, would it bo
proper to allow the seven lloiinian electors to lilt
the Grant vacancy with a llollman electoi ? Alt
vacancies that may occur should be filled with ru
elector of the same politics, and who would vole
for the same candidate as the decedent if he had
lived. To secure this result it is only necessary to
elect a substitute elector in each district. The pro-
posed amendment should be as free ol objections as
possible, in order to secure its ratification by the
Stn tes.
Yours, truly, JOSEPH MED ILL.
Hon. William L.urri:>:ck.
Tkipxxe Editoria.1.
chicago, Jmiuaiy 2, ib«0.
Dear Sir : ' * ' 4 The nccc^iry for
the adopuon of tlii* amendment is very jrreat; and
I trust that you will pres* the subject on the atten-
tion of Congress and the country. 'J.he present
tcrn is ft very d .mgerous one, and sooner or hiter will
result in a terrible civil war. Thar. time will come
when some party will clccf. a President by notorious
ballot-box Muffing just as New York was earned h-r
Seymour, while the majority ot Congress will be
