1871.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
41st Coxg....3d Sess.
Civil Bights—Mr. Manning.
Ho. op Reps.
$
election was accompanied with loud threat* of vio-
lence and resistance in ca e ashadow of doubt rested
on its validity, and yet, with that optimism which is
go marked a characteristic of the American people,
the nation goes on its course, apparently neither
learning irom the pat>t nur fearing for the future.
This good foitune cannot last forever. Every one
now aopreciate3 and cannot but dread the terrilic
and ever-increasing strain which each succeeding
I'csideniial election imposes on our Government.
Xhis periodical revolution, fur such it amounts to
now, is at once the safety-valve and the Weakest
point in our system. ltd regular recurrcnce docs,
indeed, relievo us of all apprehension of any other
or more violent change ol rulers; but on the other
hand, the prize at stake is becoming so enormous
and political molality so loose that it is greatly t<
be feared lest the declared result of the ballot will
not much longer command the public respect.
Too much attention, too much discussion, cannot
he given to this subject. If the problem were satis-
factory solved, if the ballot could be guarded and
the possible effect ot fraud reduced to a minimum,
if the country could be assured that by no possibility
could any man ever be cheated into the executive
chair, then indeed would the presidential election be
robbed of its dangers, and it would remain as the
feature in our system which contributed most to its
strength. Any other form of revolution would then
become as improbable as it would be unnecessary.
How this can be effected is the question now under
discussion. How can the influence of the fraudulent
ballot be restricted within the narrowest possible
limits?
If the existing system accomplishes a result the
reverse of that desired, if the end in view would not
be attained by abandoning the indirectness of the
present system and resorting to an election by the
direct plurality vote, then there is but a single other
alternative, and we are brought directly to the elect-
oral system conducted by districts. This method
of arriving at the result cannot be better described
than in the article in the Chicago Tribune already
referred to:
"The whole people of each State will vote directly
for Piesident and Vice President, and whoever re-
ceives the majority of the popular vote of the State
will have the two electoral votes which now corre-
spond to its two Senators; and the people of each
congressional district, as such, will vote directly
for President and Vice President, and a candidate
receiving a majority of the votes of the district will
have the electoral vote which corresponds to the
disrrict representative in Congress. This is simply
a change from a State electoral ticket to a district
electoral ticket. Like the plan of an election by a
funeral direct vote, it would not lessen the influence
ot the great party conventions over the nominations.
The people would still vote mainly in the two great
phalanxes, representing the progressive and conserv-
ative alternatives on the leading questions of pub-
lic policy. It would lessen very greatly the present
possibility that the result might not agree with the
ponular vote. But, above all, it would confine the
oQcct of fraudulent voting in any one district to
three electoral votes, namely, the two cast by the
State at large and the one cast by the district in
which theliaud arose.
" The twenty-seven thousnndfraudulentvotescast
in the city of New York at the last election could
only affect about eight electoral votes in all, instead
ot thirty-three, and practically would not have
beers resorted to to secure these, as they were safe to
the Democratic party without fraud. It is only in
districts where but one party has power that any
considerable degree of fraudulent voting can he
done. A strong opposition will always prevent it.
In such districts there would be no contest, and no
temptation to fraud, if their majority did not coun
teract other majorities belonging to outside dis
tricts. Hence, under the plan last proposed, not
only would the inducement to fraud almost wholly
disappear, but the violentrancorand heatof politics
in those disci icts which are all one way would dis
appear also."
Herein, it is believed, will be found a satisfactory
solution of ibo difficulty. It will confine the effects
of fraud within the narrowest possible limits, and
practically render it unavailing. Neither is it a
novelty in our system, as it was practiced in many
States during the earlier presidential elections, and
was continued in Maryland down to the year ISoo.
"it recognizes also the compromises of the Constitu-
tion, and by securing to the smaller States their two
senatorial votes, obviates the danger oi their oppos-
ing the reform.
How can the proposed change be effected / Ihc
clause of the Constitution which confers the regula-
tion ol the subject on the Legislatures of the several
IStHtes cilcctually stands in ihcwayof all congres-
sional nctiou of a final nature. It is futile to hope
lor any reform from the action of individual States,
lor it. would be Quixotic for any one or more States ot
tiie Union to divide theirown influenceiu piesiden-
\ i.il elections so long as neighboring States inM^t on
preserving theirs intact. The only remedy, there-
lore, lies in a unilorui adoption oi the system for all
the States alike, through the sJowproces* ofamend-
ing ihc Federal Constitution. This instrument has
been manipulated in so many rosoects of late that
there is now a strung and rapidly growing dispo-
sition to loavo it alone for the present. This is an
additional obstacle which must be overcome.
As u-mal, in all ea«es which touch merely on the
general koou, in which no material interest is con-
cerned, it is most difficult to bring party organiza-
tions to bear upon the work. Were this not so, the
existing method of choosing the Electoral Colleges
would long ago have been swept away, for neither this
discussion nor the measure of reform suggested has
anything in it of novelty ^ Hamilton early directed
his attention to it. President Jackson, in six con-
secutive messages, discussed thesubject, and recom-
mended the election of Presidents by direct popular
vote. Mr. Benton kept the matter almost continually
before the Senate during his thirty years of service
in that body. President Johnson, Senators Wade,
Suiiner, Buekaicw, and various members of the
House have all, with equal emphasis, condemned
the existing system.
During the year just passed, an amendment look-
ing to its reform was introduced into the Senate by
Mi. Morton, passed that body, and then—went to
its long rest. Now, however, the matter is pressed
upon the public attention from new considerations.
It is no longer, as in the days of Jackson, a mere
question of theory, but one of practical and vital
importance. The present system has now been re-
duced, in the sight of all men, to a machinery for the
encouragement and development of the most danger-
ous ot all forms of political fraud. Those who have
investigated the subject have arrived at the same
practical measure of reform. It has been quoted
Irom the columns of the Chicago Tribune; it can be
found reduced to the form ot a constitutional amend-
ment in the repoitof Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, to the
last ilouse of Representatives^
This has, then, been a commonplace of lifeles3
discussion almost from time immemorial. What can
be done to make it a subject for action? to forward
its adoption? Politicians, caucuses, and conven-
tions cannot be relied ou in this matter. This meas-
ure seeks to remove, not to create, a fountain of
corruption, it carries with it no political interest,
no claim on patronage, no spoils of victory. It is
simply a measure s.ggested by common sense and
common honesty for the common good. It is ra the
interest of ail, and not of a faction.
The student of social science seeks ever to pre-
vent crime, not by repression, but by removing the
hidden inducement to crime. He will seek to pro-
tect the ballot by removing, in so far as he can, all
inducement to commit frauds through the ballot,
lie will not pass laws to puniahfiauilulent voting if
he can prevent fraudulent voting by rendering it
useless. If there is, then, any public field in which
the labors oi this association can be made usetul, if
there is any political function it can fulfil!, it in
putting its shoulder to the wheel in aid of a work
ot reform like this, as necessary as it is thankless.
Somebody must doit. A machinery iu the State,
apart from all party organizations, aloof from all
politics, is greatly needed to keep public attention
continually awake to such subjects as this or the kin-
dred measuie of civil service reform, To this work
the Social Science Association proposes more espe-
cially to devote itself,land, to the end that it may
efficiently do so, it asks the support and encourage-
ment ot all who, wishing well to their country,
do not themselves render it that individual service
which they feel is its due.
I would now respecttuily suggest that this associa-
tion do memorialize Congress on tlie subject I have
had the honor ot di«cu^in&r.
CHAliLES FRANCIS ADAMS, jr.
After the reading of this paper was finished, it
was moved by Mr. James M. B.irnard as follows:
'* Rotohied, That the officers of this association be,
and hereby are, instructed to prepare a memorial to
the Congress ot the United State?, in relation to the
immediate passage by it, and the submission to the
Legislatures of the several States, with a view to its
adoption into the Federal Constitution, of the amend-
ment to that iiJSLiumcut lccommended at the clo?c
of Repoit No. oi, House Documents, thud session
Fortieth Congress."
Whien motion having been duly seconded, wa*
put to the vote of the association, and passed in the
affirmative, nem. con.
In pursuance of the above vote the following me-
morial was subsequently prepared and presumed :
Memorial addressed to the Con<rw\ of the United
States by the Amet lean Association for the Advance-
ment ot Social Science in relation to the choice of
electors of President and V ice President of ike Uni-
ted States.
The American Social Science Association would
respectfully represent to your honorable bodies:
Tnat by section one of article two ot the Consti-
tution of the United Status it is provided tiiat the
choice of electors of the President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States shall be made in such a
manner as the Legislature^ of the several States may
direct. . .
That, as in consequence of a said provision, it-has
become, and must remain, what is known as a "polit-
ical necessity''' that each of the sevetul Siatcs
should, with a view to the preservation of its whole
relative political weight to other States, choose such
electors as a unit, and without any icgardto tlie
divisions of opinion existing auion? its citizen-?.
Tnat. owing to the settlement, of new regions and
the lapid giowth ot large cities in the United States,
new ana veiy tempting opportunities arc ofieredtor
the pwrpetiation of frauds in elections, instances of
winch have been notorious, and, are esiabhslied as
ot record, through the investigations of committees
ot vour honorable bodies. .
Your petitioners would furtuer represent that the
choice of the Electoral Colleges as a unit, by popu-
lar vote in the several States, holds lorth peculiar
temptation, and aftoids especi.il facilities for the
successtul perpetration of such frauds,irom the fact
that they may, when perpetrated in large citie- or in
sparsely settled and lawless districts, be made to
decidethe vote of whole States, represented even by
thirty or more electoral \otes.
That this anomaly in our system obviously in-
creases the danger of an election of the Federal
Executive by fraud, and holds forth alaiming in-
ducements to violations ot the purity ot the bahot
in all presidential elction^.
Therefore, your honorable bodies are respectfully
petitioned to pass, and cause to be submitted to the
Legislatures of the several States for adoption, an
amendment to the Federal Constitution, providing
for the choice of electors of the President and Vice
President m the manner hereafter set forth ; to the
end tnat iraudo perpetrated in any particular local-
ities shall only ailect individual electoral vores, in-
stead of votes of whole colleges; that thereby the
inducement to fr uds through the ballot in presiden-
tial elections on a large scale, may be withheld, as
the accumulation of large fraudulent majoiities in
any given locality cannot then affect the general
results produced by the votes of other localities in
the same State; aud to the further esd that a pre-
mium may 110 *onger exist, as now, upon fraudulent
voting at each presidential election, which renders
the apprehension of fraud to be committed by one
party, in one locality, both an inducement and an
excuse lor the perpetration ot similar and counter-
balancing frauds by the opposite party in other
localities.
Your petitioners would therefore respectfully
commend to the attention of your honorable bodies,
as calculated to remedy the evils and remove the
dangers arising from the present constitutional pro-
visions on this subject, the following amendment to
the Constitution, prepared by one ot the committees
ot the House of Representatives of the Fortieth
Congress (Report No. '61, House Doc., Fortieth Con-
gress, third session:)
Article —.
The electors of President and Vice President
shall bo chosen as follows:
Two electors of President and Vice President
shall be chosen at large from each State by the
qualified voters therein.
A number of electors in each State, equal to ilie
whole number of Representatives to which such
State may be entitled m Congress, shall be chosen
m single districts of contiguous and compact terri-
tory, each containing, as nearly as practicable, an
equal amount of population.
The times, places, and manner of choosing such
electors shall be prescribed in each State by the
Legislature thereof; but Congress may at any time,
by law. revoke or alter such regulations.
Congress shall prescribe the mode of determining
the validity of the choice of electors, and of contest-
ing the right to the office of President and Vice
President.
€ivil Ittgbts*
SPEECH OF HON. J. MANNING,
0? XORTII CAROLINA,
In* the House or Representatives,
March 2, 1871,
On the bill (II. R. Xo. 3011) to protect loyal and
peaocabte citizens of the United Slates in the full
enjoyment of their rights, persons, liberty, and
property, and to enable such citizens to preserve
and perpetuate the evidence of losses claimed to
have been sustained by them in the war in tlie
States lately in rebellion.
Mr. MANNING. Mr. Speaker, coming as I
do fiom the South, and earnestly desiring the
peace, prosperity, and happiness of my coun-
try, I am tilled with sorrow at the language
uttered and the course pursued by many mem-
bers of tbe llepublican party in this House.
I cannot believe that this language is uttered
to irritate tbe people of the Kortli and excite
them to harsh and unmerciful conduct toward
their fellow-citizens of the South, i will not
for one moment suppose that the course pur-
sued by the majority on this floor has for its
objective point the poor and uncertain reward
ot a party triumph ; that fur this purpose they
aie willing to stir at'iesh the stagnant pools ot
sectional "haired ; that lor this purpose the,
terrible past of tlie last ten 3ears, With all its
dreadful recollections, its bitter tears, its agon-
izing partings, itsunnumbered gallant dead,
is called up 10 affright us and drive the mar-
row from our bones."
1 will not suppose that, the gross misstate-
