1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1631
ted a report thereon ; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 337) to provide reporters for the cir-
cuit court of the United States, reported
adversely th reon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 187) to facilitate
the business and to provide for the more per-
fect preservation of the records of the courts
of the United States, reported adversely there-
on, and moved its indefinite postponement;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
287) to amend an act entitled '"An act mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
80. 1871, and for oilier purposes," approved
July 15. 1870, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2170) to provide for the care and
custody of persons convicted in the courts of
the United States who have or may become
insane while imprisoned, to ask that the com-
mittee be discharged from its further consid-
eration. The committee are notopposed to the
bill: but they think it may need some amend-
ment. They ask that they be discharged from
its further consideration because there is no
time at this session to consider it.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred a
resolution of the Senate instructing the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to inquire and report
to the Senate whether the act of Congress
entitled "An act to prescribe an oath of office,
and for other purposes," approved July 2,
1862. is now in force, to ask to be discharged
from its further consideration,subsequent legis-
lation having made the legislation suggested
unnecessary.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. TheCommittee on the
Judiciary, who were authorized by resolution
of the Senate of December 9, 1870, to inquire
and report whether the railway companies
which have received aid in bonds of the United
States are lawfully bound to reimburse the
United States for interest paid on such bonds
before the maturity of the principal thereof,
and if so, what legislation, if any, is neces-
sary to compel such reimbursement; and by
resolution of February 16,1871, were instructed
to inquire and report as to the right of the
Treasury Department to retain all the com-
pensation for services rendered for the United
States by the Union Pacific railroad and its
branches, to apply on the interest of thebonds
issued by the United States to aid in the con-
struction. of said roads, have considered the
same and instructed me to respond by a report
in writing; and I move that this report be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to say in
connection with that report that I have not
been able to bring my own mind to the same
conclusion that the committee has arrived at.
I have not had time to prepare any minority
report, and do not care to do so; I merely state
that I do not concur fully in the conclusions
of the majority of the committee.
bill recommitted.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the bill (H.
R. No. 2986) for the relief of Charles Cooper,
Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome Rowley. William
Hannegan, and John Hannegan, which was
reported favorably a few days ago, be recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion waa agreed to.
judges in texas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report a bill
for the payment of the salary of a judge.
The bill (S. No. 1370) for the payment of
salary and expenses of United States district
judges in Texas wa3 read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that that bill be
put on its passage now. The circumstances
are these : Judge Winch was commissioned by
the President during the recess of the Senate;
but the accounting officers refuse to pay his
salary under a law passed in 1863, which pro-
hibits the commissioning of any officer during
the recess, where the vacancy existed while
the Senate was in session. The money clearly
ought to be paid. We have a letter from the
Attorney General on the subject. There is also
provision in the bill for the payment of the
other judge who held a court in the eastern
district underthe designation of Judge Swayne,
and was at the expense of eight hundred and
odd dollars, which he should be reimbursed.
I have a communication on this subject also.
We have put both items into one bill. I
think it can pass in a minute.
Mr. CAMERON. If there is nothing more
to be said on the subject I shall not object.
Mr. COLE. It will take no time.
The bill was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to pay to Joel C. C.
Winch, judge of the United States court for
the eastern district of Texas, his salary as
district judge, from the date of his commis-
sion as such by the President till the end of
the session of the Senate of the Forty-First
Congress, or until his successor is duly ap-
pointed and qualified, if before the end of
that session of the Senate. It is also a direc-
tion to the accounting officers to refund and
pay to Thomas H. Duval, district judge of the
western district of Texas, the sum of $828 75,
being the amount of expenses by him incurred
in holding courts in the eastern district of
Texas, in the year 1869, under the designation
and appointment of Justice Swayne, of the
Supreme Court.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
3036) making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain pub-
lic works on rivers and harbors, and for other
purposes, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. CARPENTER presented an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the
bill (H. R. No. 2816) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and for other purposes ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the amend-
mentto be proposed by Mr. Sherman to the
bill (II. R- No. 2579) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
for the year ending June 30, 1872 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
aud ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. ROSS submitted
amendments intended to be proposed to the
bill (H. K. No. 3063) makhig appropriations
for sundry civil expenses ot the Government
for the year ending 30th June, 1872, and for
other purposes; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
house bill rbfbkred.
The bill (H. R. No. 3036) making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
CLINTON BRIDGE.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 1301. It will not require
more than two minutes, I think. I do not
believe there will be any objection to it.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 1301)
in relation to bridges across the Mississippi
river.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert the following :
That the bridge across the Mississippi river at
Clinton, Iowa, and more particularly described ia
an act entitled "An act declaring Clinton bridge
across the Mississippi river at Clinton, iu the State
of Iowa, a post route," approved February 27.1867,
shall be open to the trains of all roads desiring to
cross on said bridge, to the extent of the capacity
thereof, and the person or persons, company or
corporation, owning or controlling the use of said
bridge shall permit snch trains to cross on payment
of a reasonable compensation as provided in rela-
tion to other bridges across said river by an act
entitled "An act to authorize the construction of
certain bridges and establish them post roads," ap-
proved July 25, 1866. And in case the parties inter-
ested cannot agree, the party or parties seeking to
cross said bridge may file a petition in any court
having general jurisdiction of civil actions between
the proprietors of said bridge and the party so seek-
ing the privilege of crossing the same, giving a gen-
eral description of said bridge, and stating, as near as
may be, the extent to which such petitioner or peti-
tioners wish to use said bridge, and also the fact of
his or their inability to procure an agreement for the
use of the same. Upon the filing of such petition
the parties owning and using said bridge shall bo
served with tbe notice required by the practice of
said court in civil actions, and upon a full and final
hearing of all the parties the court shall determine
the extent and manner of the use of the same by the
parties interested, and the compensation to be paid
for such use, with tbe approaches thereto, and the
time and manner of the payment of such compensa-
tion, and such court shall have full power to make
any order necessary for enforcing the provisions of
this act, subject to the right of appeal to either
party.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the
amendment 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired and the unfinished business
at the adjournment last night, being tbe bill
(H. R. No. 2634) amendatory of the act to
enforce the right of citizens to vote, is before
the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I trust the honorable Sen-
ator from New York will permit that bill to be
passed over informally for one minute. This
bill I am sure will not elicit any discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the proposed amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa, if there
be no objection.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment is in lines twenty, twenty-one, and
twenty-three of the amendments of the com-
mittee 
Mr. VICKERS. There is some objection
to that bill. It was before the Committee on
Commerce, and there are conflicting interests;
parties were there representing each side; and
it may lead to some discussion.
Mr. HARLAN. I think not. I have agreed
to the amendment suggested by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] which
was the only objection made. The chairman
tells me that was the only objection made,
and I have adopted his suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maryland insist on the objection?
Mr. VICKERS. I do not think Congress
has any right to give a railroad company the
privilege of passing over a private bridge.
This bridge, I understand, was constructed by
an incorporated company of a State, and it
has been made a legal bridge by act of Con-
gress and made a post route. Now a railroad
