198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Civil Rights—Mr. Manning.
41st Coxa....3d Sess.
ments made upon this floor, the extravagant
and exaggerated pictures drawn of affairs in
North Carolina, are all intended as a punish-
ment upon us for having voted the Demo-
cratic ticket. Why, Mr. Speaker, we are a law-
abiding people, as I propose to show with the
permission of the House; and if this be the
object, provided it is within the constitutional
powers of Congress, pass a law commanding
us to vote the Republican ticket or not to vote
at all, and we will submit not to vote ; but if
you allow us the elective franchise we must
use it as our judgments may advise and our
consciences approve. And would you, the
Representatives of a great people, claiming
as you do that suffrage is the birthright of
every American citizen, have us do otherwise?
1 cannot believe it. Nor will I believe that
Congress, by "appropriate legislation," in-
tends to crush out the free spirit of the south-
ern people, and thus make them the supple
tools of some coming tyrant, and having en-
slaved them, discover when it is too late that
you have placed shackles on your own hands.
No, Mr. Speaker, I rather attribute this lan-
guage and the conduct of Congress toward the
southern Slates to the general but most mis-
taken belief that the people of the South are
disloyal to the Government of the United
States, that the whites of that section are filled
■with enmity against the blacks, that they intend
that these '■ wards of the nation'' shall be free
only in name, and that by a persistent, organ-
ized persecution of them on account of their
loyally to the Republican party they are to be
intimidated and driven from the polls, and
that iti fact the recent elections in North Car-
olina and throughout the South were carried
against the Republican party by fraud and
cruelty.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these accusations touch
us most nearly. If true, they hold up the State
of North Carolina—-
"A fixed figure, for the time of scorn
To point Ins slow uumoviiig linger at;"
if false, tlie country should know it, so that tardy
justice may bo done my good old mother,
whose sons, though they may not have loved
liberty wisely, have loved well, and who would
to-day pour out her treasure and her sons in
defense of the honor of the nation and the
integrity of the Constitution, provided she is
admitted and treated as an equal among her
sisters. To her endless glory be it said, that
in our revolutionary struggle she was the only
State of theold Thiiteen that kept her full com-
plement of men in the field during the entire
war; to her glory be it said, that before the tea
was thrown overboard in Boston harbor by a
party of disguised men, her sons, without dis-
guise and m the open day, in the harbor of Wil-
mington, seized the stamp-officers, and threw
the stamps into the waters of the Cape b'ear;
that before the Boston tea-party had made
itself historic, the citizens of Udeutou resolved,
and kept their word, that no more tea should
be drank and no more English manufactured
goods be worn, that, before the pen of Jeffer-
son had traced the lines of our national Dec-
laration of Indpendence the hills and valleys
of western North Carolina had echoed with the
brave, gallant words of the Mecklenburg decla-
ration of independence. To the glory ot North
Carolina be it said that in the wars of 1812 and
of Mexico she was no coward ; buther earnest,
quiet, obedient, and brave soldiers were ever
at the post of duty and in the field of honor,
and, Mr. Speaker, to her glory be it said, that
in the war of the rebellion, although she had
no hand in bringing that terrible tiagedy upon
us, yet she nobly kept faith with her southern
sis'ers, was prodigal of her treasure and her
blood, and upon her soil the last southern
army went down before the victorious legions
of Sherman. With manly fortitude her sons
accepted the situation, and while they will
always honor their gallant dead, and endeavor
to alleviate the sufferings of their living com-
rades, they are ready to grasp with chivalric
courtesy the hand of the Union soldier ex-
tended in kindness, and to stand with uncov-
ered heads, while you, according to our own
beautiful southern custom, strew with flowers
the graves of the Union dead.
Immediately after the surrender of General
Johnston the President of the United States
began to put in operation his plan of recon-
struction, and the South accepted it. What
elsecould she havedone? We could not fore-
see the angry contest that was so shortly to
spring up between the President and the party
that but a few months before had elevated him
to the high office of Vice President of the Uni-
ted States, nor ought we to have been punished
for his mistakes, if he made any. We thought
that this plan received the sanction of the Cab-
inet and the approval of the people, and we
went to work faithfully to carry it out. A con-
vention of the State of North Carolina was
called, a constitution adopted, slavery abol-
ished and ever afterward forbidden, what was
known as the war debt repudiated, the integ-
rity and perpetuity of the Union proclaimed,
and secession reprobated, a Governor and
Legislature elected; and we were beginning to
repair our waste places, and duiing tlie whole
administration of Governor Worth in not one
single instance was it necessary to call to the
aid of the civil authorities either the military
or the civil power.
Congress, however, and the President made
war upon each other, and between the two
the South was well nigh ground to powder.
Reconstruction act after reconstruction act
followed each other with amazing and start-
ling rapidity. What was lawful to-day was
criminal to-morrow; what was loyalty one day
was treason the next. And negro suffrage,
opposition to which, as late as the spring
of 1807. had been pronounced by Governor
Hohlen tlie test of Republicanism, was declared
by Congress, under the new light that was
breaking upon the country, to be "parma-
ceti" for every wound; and, to quiet the
South, to secure the Government of the Uni-
ted States against the influence of the rebels,
to save ''the life of the nation," a little sooth-
ing syrup was administered in the way of polit-
ical disabilities for the whites and universal
suffrage and eligibility to every office for the
blacks.
The whites of the South, irrespective of
party, considered this a dangerous experiment,
and feared that it would hinder instead of
assist them in the struggle that was upon them.
In their simplicity they thought that it would
be time enough to enlist this new crew after
they bad succeeded in gathering up and placing
in form the few timbers that were left of
our old ship. Whether they were right or not
will appear hereafter. Universal suffrage, how-
ever, without regard to color, race, or previous
condition was accepted also, in good faith,
and no sane man in North Carolina, will ever
attempt, either directly or indirectly, to take
this right away from the negro ; but we pro-
pose, and expect to utilize this vote. The ballot
was given the colored man against our will ;
but let me assure this House, that when he is
deprived of it, it will be against our will also,
for it is manifest that before long the intelli-
gent, patriotic, and virtuous gentleman of the
South, to whom the colored man must look
for employment, for the education of his chil-
dren, the protection of his rights, and the
security of his home, must exercise over him
a controlling influence. If this is not so, then
is the future of the South desperate indeed I
These new and inexperienced voters were
then united in secret political associations,
whose purposes and objects were unknown to
the great bulk of the whites. All that we
knew was that these societies were composed
almost entirely of blacks, under the conirol of
a few whites, whose leading spirits were hos-
tile to us, unprincipled in character, broken
down in fortune, anxious for change, reckless,
unacquainted with our wants, our habits or
our means, strangers to us, adventurers, and
for the most part ignorant and vicious. Willi
these voters and these leaders a convention
was called, the Republican parly hud complete
control of this convention, a constitution was
adopted and universal suffrage became a part
of the organic law of the State of North Caro-
lina.
This constitution, outside of the require-
ments of Congress, was illv suited to our wants,
uncongenial to our habits, expensive, and
worked an entire change in our system of State
government. It put upon the poor and im-
poverished State, with a sparse and agricultural
population, a constitution well adapted, it may
he, for a thickly settled commercial commu-
nity, upon which it had gradually grown, but
entirely too big for us, and of the practical
working of which the best informed among us
were utterly ignorant. It did more than this ;
in mere wantonnessit abolished the distinctions
between courts of law and of equity, intro-
duced in the place of the common-law plead-
ings, with which the whole people were familiar,
the New York code of civil procedure, thus
increasing greatly the expense of litigation,
abolished our old county courts and the sys-
tem of county police, to which our people were
much attached, substituting county commis-
sioners and the expensive system of townships,
blotting out in many instances our old tradi-
tional names and boundaries, and increasing
the number and salaries of officers; in fact n
overturned our old house from " turret to
foundation stone," so that if it was our house
at all ihere were strange eats, not only in the
garret, but all over it, everywhere, in every
room and on every step.
A Legislature was elected overwhelmingly
Republican. The executive, legislative, mid
judicial departments of the Government were
under the absolute control of the party of pro-
gress and of moral ideas ; and immediately
the public debt of the State progressed from
seventeen to near forty million dollars, and this
at a time when the whole taxable property of
the State did not exceed in value 5150.000,000.
Bribery, till then unknown in North Carolina,
developed into a system, one man alone ex-
pending in bribes $2J1,000. Tne usage of
the State in making appropriations to railroads
utterly disregarded, and all their bonds placed
in the hands of bold, bad men, most of them
prominent Republicans, were by them thrown
upon the stock markets to be gambled for until
they went down to ten cents in the dollar.
The credit of the State was destroyed, the
people disappointed in their hopes of develop-
ing the material resources of the State, immi-
gration checked, and left in this impoverished
condition to support a State government re-
quiring $3,000,000 annually to pay thecurreut
expenses and the interest on the public debt.
The republican tree so carefully watered and
nurtured by the Congress of the United States
brought forth this fruit in North Carolina.
Apples of gold 1 Now, Mr. Speaker, I pro-
pose to show this House the " silver pictures''
in which these apples were set.
As I have remarked before, the war ended
in North Carolina. The camp-followers of
both armies regarded the State as fair game,
and finding in the unsettled condition of affairs
proper food for their selfish and depraved appe-
tites began at once to lay plans for their grand
field-hunt for office. The blacks of the South,
grateful for their freedom, ignorant of the
rights and responsibilities of freemen, credu-
lous by nature, dependent by their condition,
were made to believe that their late masters
