806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
to be opened up. Further on tho same writer
says:
" Every sensible observer at the opening of tho
year (3832) could not but perceive how deeply the
southern States were interested in obtaining, any-
where and at any cost, armed cruisers to launch
against the scattering shipping of tho Korth."
* >* * "As earb as January, 18G2, com-
missioned officers were sent over from Richmond to
take command of a, couple of gun-boats building for
the confederates iu Messrs. Laird's yard."
These gun-boats were the Oreto, afterward
known as the Florida, and the Alabama, which
has given a name to the whole catalogue of
injuries sustained by the United States grow-
ing out of England's complicity with the south-
ern rebellion.
It is needless to enter into details concern-
ing which so much has been said and written
upon both sides of the Atlantic. Sufficient is
it for my present purpose that not only was
the process of building, arming, equipping,
and sending forth the two vessels above named
suffered to proceed under the eye and with the
knowledge of the British authorities, but others
of a like class and for the same well-known
object were added to the list.
It was to no purpose that positive informa-
tion of their repeated outrages, supported by
sworn proof, was officially communicated to
the officers of the Crown by our representa-
tives abroad in time to prevent the threatened
mischief.
"Is this the guise? Is this the fashion of
the court of England? Is this the Govern-
ment of Britain's isle, and this the royalty
of Albion's king?"
It does not seem to me, sir, that the grave
questions to which the commission of these
repeated outrages gave rise were ever consid-
ered either by the British ministry or courts
of justice upon broad international grounds,
but rather by the narrow gauge of personal
rights, as limited and prescribed by munici-
pal law, as if they had no reach beyond the
observance or non-observance by the subjects
of the Crown of the English foreign enlistment
act.
The case of the Alexandra, first tried before
the lord chief baron and a jury, and after-
ward argued at full bench on a motion for a \
new trial, is illustrative of this position. In
his charge to the jury in that case the lord j
chief baron said of the English act:
"What that statute meant to provide for was. I j
own, t think, by no means the protection of the
belligerent Poiver." I
And the attorney general, in the course
of his argument in favor of a new trial,
expressed himself as being fully in accord
with that, opinion.
Mr. Harcourt, who wrote to the London
Times under the assumed name of ''Histor-
ieus," but whose marked abilities have been
turned against us upon the main question,
after the manner of a skillful advocate rather
than an impartial essayist, says upon this
subject:
"The foreign enlistment act can only be regarded
as a municipal statute intended to provide a con-
venient remedy against all persons and things within
the allegiance of the neutral Crown. And this is what
is really meant when it is said that the foreign en-
listment act is founded on international law: a prop-
osition unquestionably true if it is understood of
the obligation of the belligerent toward the neutral,
and not ol the neutral toward the belligerent."
« * * "The object ot the statute-book in
these matters is to prevent foreign nations injuring
us, not to protect these from one another."
The Government of the United States had
no interest in the enforcement of this act
against British subjects, further than it might
serve to prevent a premeditated attack upon
our shipping.
The question between the two Governments,
although it came up in the form of complaints
against certain vessels, was purely an interna-
tional one, and should have been so consid-
eredr The inquiry should have been directed to
the violation or contemplated violation on the
part of England, through the instrumentality
of hor subjects or otherwise, of the rule of'
strict impartiality and good faith to which, as
a nation among nations, she was irrevocably
committed. In the absence of any express
treaty stipulation between Governments it is
a rule which is implied by the common law
of nations. Reason and usage, the base and
superstructure of all international law, have
so declared it.
The adoption of any other principle leads to
the absurd conclusion that a Government may
assume a friendly attitude toward a belligerent
Power while the subjects of it may pursue a
course of continued hostility. A judge of the
English high court of admiralty has well said
that "there could be 110 solecism more inju-
rious to itself, or mischievous in its conse-
quences than to argue that the subjects of the
State had a right to act amicably or hosiilely
with reference to other countries without the
interposition of the State itself;" that "it
was the right of the States, and of States only,
to determine whether they would continue
united, or whether they would assume a bel-
ligerent attitude;" and that "they had the
power of preventing their subjects from being
belligerent if they agreed to it."
Tho right to declare war or make peace is a
sovereign right, and the obligations imposed
by a condition either of peace or war extend
to every citizen.
We quote from a letter of "Historicus" in
saying, " for a subject of the neutral Crown
to engage on his own account in war with a
friendly Power, or for a foreign belligerent to
induce him so to engage, is a virtual impeach-
ment, of the prerogative of the sovereign."
" If one neutral subject may do this a million
may do the same ; nay, we might have the State
collectively at peace while every" one of its
subjects was actually at war."
Such then being the doctrine of English law
writers and of English judges, we insist upon
its application to an English case. When the
Lairds, with their ship-yard at Birkenhead,
set up an independent Government, we will
enter into treaty stipulations with them; but
until then we shall insist upon holding Eng-
land responsible for their acts of belligerency
toward us, committed within her territory.
For one, sir, I protest against her endeavors
to make a shift of her responsibility upon any
number of her citizens. What her neutrality
laws may be, or whether, indeed, she has any
laws in subordination to the law of nations, is
nothing to us; the question is one of Govern-
ment against Government, and nothing less.
If we make a treaty with England, liussia,
or Spain, it is binding upon all the citizens,
of whatever grade, of the respective countries.
It is, in theory and in fact, a treaty with the peo-
ple themselves, acting and consenting through
their constituted authorities.
Again, if we have no treaty relations with
a foreign State, and be at peace with her, the
common law of nations steps in and makes
one for us of a general and equitable nature,
founded upon I'easou and usage among nations.
It is not and cannot be made any part of the
duty of our representatives abroad to furnish
evidence of the violation of foreign laws by
foreign citizens. They are not required to go
mousing around store-houses and dock-yards
to hunt up proof of either actual or intentional
I crime on the part of the populace, as it was
insisted in relation to Mr. Adams. They may,
indeed, do these distasteful things out of a zeal-
ous regard for the proprietary rights of their
countrymen, but they are not bound to do them
by any recognized rule.
This is the correct doctrine according to Sir
Boundell Palmer, who, from his place in Par-
liament, defined the duty of the English exec-
utive, in the matter of the rebel rams, in the
following terms :
" If an invasion of the statute law of tho land was
really about to take place, it was the duty of tho
Government to uso ali possible means to ascertain
the truth, anil to prevent the escape of of this
kind, to be u^ed airumst :i friendly Power.''
So far as ihe question of the Alabama c'aims
is concerned, it is a matter of no import-
ance to us what the neutrality laws of England
may have been, or whether, indeed, she had
any laws at all upon this subject. In either
event her duty and responsibility to us remain
the same. It is simply a question of her national
good faith, to be tried by international law, not
whether Englishmen were guilty of invading
our rights; for what Englishmen did, while
under the protection of the Crown, England
did, and to England alone we must look for
redress.
The celebrated marine ordinance of Louis
XIV, says Mr. Wheaton—
"Was issued by that monarch as a guide to hi-:
commissioned eruisers among others, who were
responsible to him as their sovereign for what they
did in war, under color of his authority, as he was
responsible to foreign States whose subjects might
be injured by their injseonduet."
That ships, fashioned and designed for war,
and for 110 other purpose, were built within
the neutral ports of Britain, by the subjects of
the Crown, under contract with the so-called
confederate government, and superintended, in
the mode of their construction, by the avowed
agents of the confederacy, is notorious at this
date.
It is equally well known that the British
Government allowed these vessels to put to
sea, in spite of the remonstrances of the Uni-
ted States minister, with full knowledge of their
character and purpose. Nay, more; she per-
mitted them to be armed with British cannon,
supplied from British magazines, equipped
from British armories, and manned by Brit-
ish seamen. When called to an account for
these and similar outrages-, she has the effront-
ery to claim it as the privilege of a neutral to
engage in this, as she would have it, innocent
traffic.
It is the question of this alleged right which
we now proceed luiefly to examine. Vattel
says:
"A nation to be neutral must in all things observe
a strict impartiality toward the belligerent Powers,
for should she favor one of the parties to the pre-
judice of the other she cannot complain of being
treated bv him as an adherentand confederate of his
enemy. Tier neutrality would he a fraudulent neu-
trality, of which no nation will consent to be the
dupe."
Again, he says:
"A state of neutrality solely relates to war, and
includes two articles: first, to give no assistance
when there is no obligation to give it, nor volunta-
rily to furnish troops, arms, ammunition, or any-
thing of direct use in war. I do not say to give
assistance equally, but to give no assistance, for it
would lie absurd that a State should at one and the
same tune assist twa nations at war with each other."
Bynkersboek, an authority upon this subject,
who wrote a century and a quarter ago, iu
speaking of contraband of war, says:
"Thelaw of nations on this subject is not to be*
d"awn from any other source than reason and usasre:
reason commands me to be equally friendly to two
of my friends who are enemies to each other; and
hence it follows that lata not to prefer either in
war."
44 Usage is pointed out by the constant and as it
were perpetual custom which sovereigns have fal-
lowed in making treaties and laws upon this sub-
ject." -. * * =• "I, who am the friend
to both parties, shall servethem both in those things
that are not hurtful to either, and in the same man-
ner both will serve ine in things that are indiffer-
ent."
Grotius, a still earlier authority, has defined
things contraband of war to be " those which
are directly useful as instruments of war.M
Such then is the rule among nations. Found-
ed, as we are told, in reason and usage, it is
conceded and upheld by the civilized world.
In all the more recent compacts between
friendly powers, the parties have bound them-
selves to its observance, but the specific arti-
cles justly held to be contraband of war have
not been left to the doubtful interpretation of
a political maxim. They have formed on
many occasions aschpduled list in treaty stip-
ulation.?. Hence in tho treaty of 1G70 between
Denmark and England, among the things con-
traband were enumerated ''soldiers, arms,
engines, guns, ships, or other necessaries for
: the use of war."
