1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
In tlio treaty of commerce and navigation
entered into between Great Britain and the
United States in 1794, there were included
under this head all kinds of military and naval
stores. So also in the treaty of 1801 between
Great Britain and Russia, the specification
mentions among other articles cannons, mor-
tars, lire-arras, pistols, bombs, powder, balls,
arid bullets.
Thus indirectly are we able to obtain a pretty
clear viesv of what England has long held to be
••contraband of war:' under particular cir-
cumstances.
It were easy to multiply facts equally con-
vincing, but it is unnecessary. All articles
which are contraband of war. although com-
ing from a neutral port, are liable to capture
and confiscation by one of two belligerent
powers in their transit to the territory of
another. Ships designed for war, although
sailing under the neutral flag, are included
in the list.
TechniQally the sending of such ships and
cargoes to a belligerent may not constitute a
breach of neutrality.
England regards it as a mere commercial
venture, in which her citizens are at liberty to
engage by taking the chances of loss by cap-
ture, which, wiili false clearances and lying
supercargoes, is at the worst an even hazard.
But what lias England to say to arming,
supplying, and equipping rebel piratical ships
within her neutral ports? Is there any ques-
tion that so flagrant an outrage, tried by the
settled usage among nations and adjudged by
the highest reason, is plaiuly and simply an
act of war?
Will England point out tlie real difference
between an act of such evident hostility and
the arming and equipping of hostile vessels
from British tenders a few miles from shore?
Such was not only the case in regard to the
Alabama, bat she actually ranged the sea alter-
nately under the British and (out of courtesy)
confederate flags, while England pretended
to be our friend, not largely and heartily it is
true, but technically and sparingly, according
to the smallest measure of the law.
In 1793, Great Britain found herself at war
with France, our friend and ally in that event-
ful struggle which terminated in establishing
the independence of the English colonies in
America. As it was natural, under the circum-
stances, the sympathy of the American people
leaned perceptibly to the side of France, and it
required but little urging to set on foot aggres-
sive movements against the mother country.
England, as it was l.er light, protested
against these unfriendly demonstrations. \\ e
had no neutrality laws then, and we did not
wait for any. But in recognition of that pro-
priety and justice which underlie all law, the
Chief Magistrate of the nation issued his man-
date forbidding these injurious practices, under
severe penalty, and the United States neutrality
laws followed.
But this was not ail. English ships which
had been seized in American waters weie
given up to their owners, not through the cir-
cuitous processes of law but by the direct
intervention of the Executive.
Mr. Jefferson, the then Secretary of State,
and afterward President, Kent in his Com-
mentaries, and Chief Justice Story, from the
supreme judicial tribunal of the country, have
all vindicated the rights and pointed oat the
impartial duty of neutrals.
1 might hold up to view many noteworthy
eases wlu-rein American neutrality has been
vindicated, but I prefer to draw my examples
from England, for the two things above all
others for which Englishmen have an unchang-
ing reverence are English precedents and
English opinion.
hi the yeai-1830 occurred what is commonly
known as the Terceira affair. The sovereignty
of Portugal had been usurped by Don Miguel.
An expedition of four unarmed vesseis. na.viiig
on board a number of Portuguese, aito un-
armed, set sail from Plymouth for the Azores,
in aid, as it was conjectured, of the rightful
sovereign: butthe Government, feeling thatthe
neutral rights of England had been infringed,
j dispatched a war vessel to prevent the landing
j of the expedition, and it was done by force
and bloodshed. It will be well to note that
the policy of the British ministry in this trans-
action was largely approved by both houses
of Parliament. The debate which ensued was
confined to two questions: first, whether the
neutrality of England had been infringed;
second, whether the vindication had been of
the right sort. The able English comment-
ator from whom I take my facts says:
" The reasoning borrowed by Mr. Peel from Yattei,
; that nations shall not suffer themselves or their pos-
sessions to be made instrumental in doing injury to
other nations, was common to both sides of the
house, and was not seriously impugned or debated."
There would seem to be a wide difference
between the English doctrine of 1830 and 1802.
Now for the Alabama. The English com-
missioners of customs, reporting to the min-
ister for foreign affairs on the 1st of July of
the year last named, say:
"It is evident the ship is a ship of war. It is be-
lieved and not denied that she is built for a foreign
(Joverumeiit," &e.
The attorney general, too, (Sir Roundell
Palmer,) in the course of his argument in the
Alexandra case, made the following state-
ment :
"I maysayhere, in orderthat Imaynotbe obliged
to udvei t again to a subject to which I advert at all
unwillingly, that any one who reads my speech will
tind that in it, rightly or wrongly.it was stated to be
the opinion of the advisers ot the Crown that the
A lab amah ad offended against the act of Parliament,
and should have been detained, had she not prema-
turely escaped."
He characterized the conduct of those who
I made themselves parties to the wrong, in vio-
j lation of the municipal law. as calculated, "if
not t« involve the British Government in hos-
tile relations, at least to disturb the amicable
intercourse between this country and other
Powers."
Here, then, wo have the opinion of the best
authority in England for all we claim. Is it
not a little startling that the Crown, regard-
less of the opinion of its law advisers, should
have suffered the Alabama quietly to depart
the poit. of Liverpool upon her career of de-
struction? Certain it is that if she offended
against the act of Parliament she offended
against the law of nations, upon which that
law is bjised.
Again, if the conduct of the Lairds and
their coadjutors was such as to endanger the
peaceful relations of Great Britain with the
i United States, it must have been because Eng-
I land is answerable to this Government for the
j damaging and offensive acts oi her subjects,
' amounting to a justifiable cause of war.
ij But we are told that the Alabama would
| have been detained had she not prematurely
escaped. Let us look to the facts. It was on
the 23d day of June that Mr. Adams com-
municated to the foreign office information
and proofs of the description and object of the
Alabama, then in the course of construction,
warning the Government that in ten day'stime
she was likely to be ready for sea, and solicit-
ing such action as might tend to prevent the
accomplishment of a purpose inimical to the
people of the United States.
These proofs were followed upby additional
ones to a period as late as July 24, which were
conclusive as to the character and intent of this
vessel, some of which were purposely delayed
by the English officials, or at least two entire
days were consumed in their transmission from
one office to another. Nevertheless, the latest
of them were in ample time for the seizure ot
the Alabama had the Government been dis-
posed to act. . .
On the 29th she put to sea, receiving her
armament and war supplies from a British
tender a little way from port._ Every subse-
| querst net of this piratical, cruiser is the rec-
ord of an English outrage upon our established
rights.
It has been remarked by an English writer
of ability that—
"If the Alabama had been a treasonable Feninn
privateer, on the eve of slipping her cable for tbc
Irish channel on a course of crime, one cannot help
hoping that the police would by thi« time have been
set in motion for purposes, if not of interference, at
any rate of inquiry."
The merchant marine of the llepublic. rely-
ing for its safety upon the known inability of
the rebels to build and equip, in any of the
ports of the United States, armed vessels, and
to elude the blockade in their passage to the
sea, and relying also upon the good faith of
every friendly nation, peacefully pursued their
accustomed trade.
One after another these merchant ships were
met upon the great highway of nations, sur-
prised under the cover of a friendly flag, cap-
tured under a broadside of English cannon,
plundered and given to the flames amid the
wild huzzas of native Englishmen !
Was the Alabama a "man-of-war," or was
she an English.pirate ? When, where, and by
what sovereign was she commissioned? Were
the ships captured and destroyed by her lawful
prizes? In what country and by what court
has the question been determined? Let Eng-
land answer us, for it is upon charges of com-
plicity with our enemies that we arraign her
before the tribunal of nations. But when she
answers let her be ready with the $30,000,000
which have been lost to our citizens, by means
of depredations committed upon the high seas,
through her instrumentality.
Tried by the examples of history, and de-
cided upon the authority of the whole array
of distinguished commentators upon interna-
tional law from the period of Grotius, England
is responsible to this Government for the full
measure of these wrongs and outrages.
Should she still persist in her refusal either
to pay the just claims to which they have given
rise, or at least to submit the whole question
to the arbitrament of a friendly and impartial
Power, let us still act with becoming dignity,
yielding nothing to which of right we are en-
titled and demanding nothing out of wrong, to
the end that whatever consequences may ensue
there shall be no stain upon the worthiness of
our cause.
As between the two countries, rightly con-
sideied. the advantages which would accrue
to England in making a correct determination
of these questions by a settlement of these
claims would, in view of the future which
awaits her, be more than equal to any tem-
porary gain to the United States, since in a
like perplexity on the part of Great Britain
the establishment of a system of neutrality
regulations based upon the course pursued by
that Government for the four years duration
of our late civil war might, and most certainly
would, be visited upon her commerce with
overwhelming disaster.
Mr. Speaker, it has been my aim in the
remarks which the indulgence of the House has
permitted me to make to utter no sentiment
and advance no doctrine which will not bear
the test of those just and humane rules which
go to make up the reciprocal code of Govern-
ments in the various relations which they may
be called upon to sustain to each other. But,
sir, we have already waited too long and too
patiently for some final determination of this
controversy.
Offensive and humiliating as the proposition
may be to the Government, it is nevertheless
true that its injured citizens, impatient of a
supposed indifference to their rights, are con-
templating a settlement without its aid. The
compact between them is twofold that of obe-
dience and support on the one hand, and pro-
tection upon the other ; protection of tile, lib-
erty and property against ail save the declared
enemies of the State. It is the failure in the
|i Government to insure this protection of its
i! subjects which justifies revolution. If the pn-
