1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
390
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Civil Biyhts—Mr. Manning.
Ho. of Reps
•were plotting to reduce them to slavery, were
extortioners, and unwilling to pay them fair
prices for their labor. By these wiles the vole
of the blacks was massed in solid column
against the whites, and these " honorable men"
were borne upon the broad shoulders of the
colored man into nearly all the offices, State
and county; and they bore themselves so clear
in their great offices that, with a constitution
whose magnificence was our ruin, a corrupt
Legislature, the public credit was destroyed,
the little of the school fund saved from the
general wreck and the munificent donation
of Congress for an agricultural college were all
invested in bogus bonds of the State of North
Carolina, procured from a venal Legislature by
whisky and money, and thus lost to the poor
people of the State, and, for the information
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
IIoAr,] our common-school system brought to
"a most lame and impotent conclusion," and
our poor children stretch out their hands in
vain for a few crumbs of intellectual bread.
Tbe University of North Carolina, her
Mecca of science and learning, which had
been the glory and pride of the South, whose
graduates had filled the highest places both in
church and State, and whose fires had burned
brightly and cheerily during the war, went out
in darkness. No more the youths of the land
crowd its halls. From four hundred students
the number has been reduced to not more than
twenty.
Taxes such as were never known before,
when our fortunes were most prosperous, were
levied, collected from the people, and expended
upon themselves. Eight thousand acres of land,
■worth not fifty cents per acre, were purchased
for a penitentiary at the enormous price of
$100,000, and'the bonds for this purpose were
issued in such hot haste that they were deliv-
ered to the venders before the deed was exe-
cuted to the State. Fortunes were made in a
night. Fine equipages, fine horses, fine watches,
chains, and jewelry, allowned by office-holders,
dazzled the eyes and oppressed the hearts of
our toiling tax-ridden farmers.
Nor was this all. The labor of the South, to
which we had been accustomed from our youth
up, wasentirely disorganized. Neitherthe em-
ploy er nor the laborer were used to their strange
relations. The laborer thought too much was
required, and performed his service grudgingly
and slovenly, while the employer complained
that he could not obtain a fair day's work for
a fair price. His lands were turned out, his
crops fell off, and his debts increased. And
yet, Mr. Speaker, I challenge any gentleman
on this floor to show me a people subjected to a
fouryear'swar, such as we had passed through,
and with this witches' caldron boiling and
bubbling around us, more orderly, more obe-
dient to law, than the people of my own State.
"VVas it to be expected that the waves of society,
tempest-tossed and surging for four years,
should settle at once and be as calm as one of
our northern lakes upon a summer's day?
Xerxes whipped with cords the waves of the
Hellespont because they would not be still.
Jesus of Nazareth spoke to the waves of Gal-
ilee, and they obeyed him; but he used no
threats nor whips of cords, but the gentle, quiet
words, " Peace, be still!" Might not a liepub-
lican Congress even learn from this how to speak
to the raging waves of human passion? Would
"a few first class funerals" be more soothing
to the gentle soul of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrence?] If so, I envy him not his
position in the procession, nor the gloomy quiet
of his conscience.
But,, say those who advocate a third recon-
struction, outbreaks might reasonably be ex-
pected, crimes we might look for, but not of
the character we hear of; for in every case the
sufferer is the loyal man, the Republican, the
avenger is tkp Democrat, the lyuklux Klan.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am about to make what
many may consider a bold assertion; but I
make it without the fear of successful contra-
diction. I declare here that there has been
but one single instance in North Carolina, so
far as I know—and I come from the county
of Chatham, the midst of what is called the
disloyal region of North Carolina—where a
citizen has been put in peril even on account
of his political opinions; and this single ca3e
is the case of T. M. Shoffner, the«senator from
Alamance and Guilford, who was the author
of the Shoffner bill in the Legislature of North
Carolina, which bill was exceedingly odious to
our people and was construed by the Governor
to warrant him in suspending the writ of habeas
corpus, although the constitution of the State
expressly provides that the " writ of habeas
corpus shall not be suspended."
And as to the number of offenses, agents
of the Administration have been busy for
twelve months in all parts of the State collect-
ing all the offenses against the criminal laws in
one black catalogue, and printing them one
after another beforethe public eye. Think you
that the good old Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts would present a fairer record if the crim-
inal dockets of her courts were gathered into
one list, annotated and indexed for the public
eye? I think not; and the last census shows I
am right, for I hold in my hand an abstract
from the Census Bureau, furnished me by its
efficient and obliging chief, as follows: in Mas-
sachusetts, total convicted during the year,
12,928; in North Carolina, 3,668 ; in prison in
Massachusetts June 1, 1870, 1,933; in North
Carolina, 294, and of these 203 are blacks.
Massachusetts, with not twice the population,
has four times the number of criminals con-
victed, and five times as many now in prison
as North Carolina.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am not here to defend
crime or protect the criminal; I have none of
that modern sympathy, so prevalent in this
country, toward criminals, for I think the
whipping-post a specific for stealing, and the
gallows for murder. I am a member of no
secret political association ; I am neither a
loyal-leaguer nor a Kuklux. Noram I here to
deny that acts of lawlessness have been too
frequent in North Carolina ; for at home, in
the court-house, in the office, on the hustings,
and in the street I have denounced these viola-
tions of law in no measured phrase or courtly
style, but strongly and decidedly. But this I do
say, that in almost every instance punishment
was inflicted because of crime, or because
the person was odious socially, and in but one
single case on account of his political opinions.
This matter has all been recently investigated
by the judges of the supreme court of the State,
and I hold in my hand the evidence taken dur-
ing that investigation, to which I invite the
attention of members on this floor; and this
evidence proves the existence of the Kuklux
in but one or two counties in the State, the
remainder of the State being quiet and orderly.
The large majority of those persons arrested
were discharged as soon as their cases were
inquired into. A few were bound over for
their appearance at the superior courts of Ala-
mance and Caswell counties, and discharged
by a Republican solicitor, with the approba-
tion of a Republican judge, (Hon. A, W.
Tourgee,) not because a conviction if guilty
could not have been obtained, but because
there was no evidence against th.em. We do
not, therefore, oppose a fair investigation into
these matters by Congress; we invite it, be-
cause we are satisfied that these outrages have
no political significance whatever, and that it
will be so established, and thus the peace of
the whole country be promoted: and my own
sunny land will be vindicated against the foul
charges made by men who, although they are
fed by l*er bounty, are bastards and not sons,
and who use the positions they by chance oc-
cupy to cast reproaches upon her fair fame and
to malign and abuse her sons.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when we add to all this
the shameful deeds of Kirk's lambs, the unlaw-
ful arrest of over one hundred of the'promin-
ent citizens of the State, the refusal of the Gov-
ernor to obey the writs of habeas corpus issued
by the chief justice of the State for their relief,
and the attempt to try them by a military court,
need we look any further for the causes of the
defeat of the Republican and the triumph of
the Democratic party in North Carolina? If
the people of the country have not lost their
love of virtue and of civil liberty, if embezzle-
ment of public funds, reckless waste of public
money, destruction of public credit, shameless
corruption and official tyranny have not ceased
to be crimes, then will the whole people of the
United States rejoice with us over the downfall
of the Republican party in North Carolina. But
bad as all this is, there is still another woe to
which I will call attention of the House for a
few minutes. With all the departments of the
State government under the entire control of
the Republican party, with Republicans in
every office from the highest to the lowest in
the State, yet if Republican accounts are to
be credited, the State of North Carolina is a
pandemomium, where all the baser spirits keep
their feasts of murder, violence, and outrage.
If this is so, whose fault is it? There has not
been one single instance of resistance to au
officer in the discharge of his duty. Why, then,
have not these disturbers of the public peace,
these outlaws, been arrested? Simply because
the officers of the State were either incompe-
tent or else they knew their duty and did it
not. In either event, the responsibility is not
with the Democratic party, tor we are told,
"the wicked walk on every side, when tbe
vilest men are exalted."
But, Mr. Speaker, I deny that this is a true
picture of the coudition of affairs in my State.
I hold in my hands the special messages of
the President of the United States, and ac-
companying documents, sent by him to tiie
Senate; and I remark, in the first place, that
these documents show no recent outrage com-
mitted since the accession of the Democratic
party to power, nor any later than the 20th of
August, 1870. Secondly, so far as Nonh
Carolina is concerned, the documents are not
distinguished by that fairness and frankness
which should characterize documents sent by
the Chief Magistrate of the nation to the Senate
of the United States. For instance, on thesixih
page of Executive Document No. 16, there is
this head note, "Papers relating to troubles
in North Carolina," and under this heading
there is a recital of nine and a half pages of
outrages, and those truly relating to North
Carolina do not occupy a page and a half.
Thirdly, the reports, statements, and letteis
are dated, mostot'them, recently, but the time
when these crimes were committed is not sta-
ted, and the implication is intended neces-
sarily to be made that they are of recent date,
while the truth is that they embrace all the
crimes committed from the surrender of the
confederate armies in 1805, up to May, 1S70,
when the last one is stated to have occurred.
Crime, no matter where committed, is an^
outrage ; and yet, this word, for the purpose of
aggravation, is especially used to designate
crimes committed in the South. I have no
particular objection to the word, but what is
sauce for the goose ought to be sauce for the
gander. I suppose, however, this word was
selected because it was intended to convey the
idea that these crimes were committed in the
interest of the Democratic party, arid against
Republicans on account of their political opin-
ions, or by the white against the colored eitizeu
because of his loyalty to the Union, and with-
out provocation. If this be not true, tlieu
