1634
THE CONGKESSION AL GLOBE.
February 24,
sire power in the State Legislatures to regulate
elections for the national Government would leave
the existence of the Union entirely, at their mercy.
They could at any time annihilate it by neglecting
to provide for the choice of persons to administer
its affairs."
Again he says:
" With so effectual a weapon in their hands as the
exclusive power of regulating elections for the na-
tional Government, the combination of a few men
in some of the large States might, by seizing the
opportunity of some casual disaffection among the
people, accomplish the destruction of the Union;
and it ought not to be overlooked that as a solid
Government will make us more and more an object
of jealousy to the nations of Europe, so there will
be a perpetual temptation on their part to gener-
ate intrigues of this sort for the purpose of sub-
verting it."
Judge Story puts it on the very ground of
necessity to prevent the annihilation of the
Government, because the failure to elect Rep-
resentatives might work a dissolution of the
Union—
First, intentionally.
Second, by neglect.
Third, by a partial occupation of the coun-
try by an enemy, which might prevent an elec-
tion at the usual place; and Congress might
find it necessary to legislate. This also is on
the ground of self-defense.
Judge Story not only repeats the ground of
self-preservation, but superadds another—to
regulate the filling of vacancies, in order to
provide for an extraordinary session of Con-
gress. Formerly, some of the States elected
members a year prior to the assembling of
Congress; others, immediately after the ses-
sion. An extra session called under such cir-
cumstances would not contain a full repre-
sentation, as a number of the States would be
left without representation. As an extra ses-
sion might in case of invasion be essential to
the safety of the country, such an interpretation
may find its authority in the necessity of the
case. The State of Connecticut will not be
represented on the 4th of March in the House
of .Representatives, not yet having elected her
Representatives.
Judge Story further says, while defending
this part of the Constitution :
"In the first place, the power may be applied by
Congress to correct any negligence in a State in
regard to elections, as well as to prevent a dissolu-
tion of the Government by designing and refractory
States, urged on by some temporary excitements.
In the next place, it will operate as a check in favor
of the people against the designs of a Federal Sen-
ate and their constituents to deprive the people of
the State of their right to choose Representatives.
In the next place, it provides a remedy for the evil
if any State, by reason of invasion or other cause,
cannot have it in its power to appoint a place
where the citizens can safely meet to choose Repre-
sentatives. In the last place, (as the plan is but an
experiment,) it may hereafter become important,
with a view to the regular operations of the General
Government, that there should be a uniformity in
the time and manner of electing Representatives
and Senators, so as to prevent vacancies when there
may be calls for extraordinary sessions of Congress."
Mr. President, there is one principle that
runs through all these authorities which I have
submitted to the consideration of the Senate,
and that is, that Congress can only interfere
to perpetuate the Government, to prevent its
dissolution. That is the very ground upon
which the framers of the Constitution placed
the defense of this provision. If it had been
asserted at the time when the Constitution
was under consideration that Congress should
have the power at any time, at its own pleas-
ure, to withdraw from the States the regula-
tion of the time, place, and manner of holding
elections, the Constitution never would have
been adopted. It required three labored arti-
cles from General Hamilton to defend this pro-
vision, on this ground of absolute necessity
and of self-protection. On this ground Mr.
Nicholas and Mr. Madison defended it. The
latter said that this power, if properly exer-
cised by the States, would never be attempted
to be withdrawn by Congress. The people of
the States were jealous of Federal power, and
it was at one period very doubtful whether the
Constitution would be adopted) in consequence
of the powers given by it to the General Gov-
ernment.
But this provision itself was predicated and
grounded upon the necessity of the General
Government preserving its own existence. It
was the first law of the Constitution, as it is the
first law of nature, that a man shall have the
power to defend himself, to preserve his own
existence; and so it was necessary, as they
alleged, that this power should ultimately be
placed in the General Government, but in the
first place in the States. Why was it placed
in the power of the States at all? Could not
the Convention in this Constitution have
directed the election of members of Congress
to be held at a particular period which might
have been stated? Conld they not have made
some other provision for the first election ?
Sir, it was because the people thought, and it
was inculcated upon them by the framers and
defenders of the Constitution, that this power
should be given to the States to be exercised by
them, and that it should only be resumed by
the General Government whenever the States
intentionally refuse, or by neglect should omit,
to order elections, or where, by reason of an
invasion of the country, the elections in the
States could not be held at the places and at
the times which the State laws had prescribed;
and when an enemy possessed a State, or a
part of a State, Congress, in this case of ex-
tremity and necessity, might appoint the time,
place, and manner of holding the election in
order to perpetuate its own existence; for if
there be no House of Representatives the Gen-
eral Government must necessarily be dissolved.
There is no power to lay taxes and to originate
appropriations but the House of Represent-
atives. That being an essential part of the
Government, it was absolutely necessary that
under extreme circumstances the power should
be lodged somewhere of continuing the exist-
ence of that House.
Why, sir, if General Hamilton, Mr. Madison,
Mr. Nicholas, and other eminent statesmen
had believed that Congress would have the
authority at any time, under the letter of the
Constitution, to resume or take to itself the
power to regulate elections in the States, they
would have said so. It would have been de-
ception on their part to have defended this
clause upon the ground of its necessity, when
they intended that it should be used on the
ground of expediency. The letter of the Con-
stitution says that Congress may at any time
regulate the time, places, and manner of elec-
tion, after its being vested in the State.
By the eighth section of the first article of
the Constitution the power is given to Con-
gress to lay and collect taxes; there is no lim-
itation of the' power. But suppose Congress
should lay heavy and burdensome taxes, not
for the single purpose of paying the debts
of the United States, or for the absolute and
necessary support of the Government, but for
the purpose of distribution among the States,
or to engage in the most extensive works of
canals and railroads, that would be as plain
a violation of the Constitution as could be
inflicted, though done under the form of law.
The power to raise and support armies is ex-
pressly given in the Constitution; there is no
restriction. The objects and purposes of the
power are to raise forces necessary to repel
invasion, to protect our frontiers from the In-
dian tribes, and for the garrisoning of forts and
arsenals, and a small force to guard against
domestic insurrection. These are the only
legitimate purposes for which an army can be
raised and taxes imposed on the people there-
for. Bat suppose Congress should raise an
immense force at great expense, and keep a
large and standing Army in time of peace;
that would be a palpable violation of the Con-
stitution. And yetthe powergranted is unlim-
ited in terms.
The power to borrow money is given to
Congress in the Constitution without limit'
ation or restriction. There it stands without
qualification. But can Congress under this
provision borrow billions or trillions of money
and tax the people to pay the interest or the
principal? Certainly not. For what was the
power given? To provide for the necessities
of the Government, to pay its ordinary debts
for its necessary expenses and operations.
This power is not coupled with any other, but
the plain and obvious purpose of its introduc-
tion is to confine it within necessary and cir-
cumscribed limits for legitimate objects. But
why should this power, so broad, compre-
hensive, and indefinite in its terms, be limited
a,nd confined, and the power to regulate the
times, places, and manner of elections be
enlarged, extended, and unconfined? The
true construction of both powers must be
found in the causes and necessities for their
creation, the attendant circumstances, and
simultaneous reasons for their insertion in the
Constitution.
It will be seen by the extracts I have read
that the power was inserted for the especial
purpose of guarding against a destruction of
the Government in the last resort, to be used
only to save life, not as a medicine to alleviate
or assuage, but as a life preserver. If a power
be granted for one purpose it cannot legally
be used for another, although in form or letter
it may embrace it. Every Taw and every con-
stitution must be construed according to its
intent and purpose when made.
We all remember the ease put in the ele-
mentary law boobs where a statute in Venice
made it a penal offense for any one to draw
blood in the streets of that city. There was
the letter of the law which comprehended
the drawing of blood in every case, but it was
construed not to extend to the drawing of
blood by a physician from a patient in distress.
We are to look, not at the letter of the law,
but at its spirit, its intention, its object, and
the reasons of state given at the time for
its introduction into the organic law of the
country.
The attempt made by the bill under discus-
sion is a direct and obvious violation of the
spirit of the Constitution, and contravenes its
very genius and the purposes of its creation.
It is a plain infraction of the meaning and
spirit of the charter.
In 1842, when an act was pending before
Congress providing that elections for members
of Congress should be by districts from con-
tiguous territory, in order to protect minori-
ties, it was discussed by distinguished men. I
will read extracts from that discussion.
Mr. Woodbury, thenamemberof the Senate,
and afterward an ornament to the bench of
the Supreme Court, contended that the power
of Congress to regulate could not be exer-
cised in any way but in a particular case
of special and extraordinary wrong. He
could conceive but one reason for interference,
and that would be for the preservation of
the Government or the representative prin-
ciple. Suppose, then, a State refuses to dis-
trict as you dictate and Congress issues a
mandamus 1
Mr. Wilcox, in the Senate, objected to the
clause on the grounds of unconstitutionality.
He also objected on the ground of the inex-
pediency of interfering with the States with-
out any direct necessity.
Mr. Benton, so long a distinguished leader
in the Senate, said: .
"This is a case of a command, of a maadatmtf.
Congress does not district the StAtes, bat commands
the Legislatures to do it. It is a command without
authority, without a sanction for its observance,
without precedent, and, in my opinion, without
constitutional warrant,"
Mr. Bagby said he was opposed to it in any
form in which it could be presented. He
considered it a proposition wholly unconsti-
tutional.
Mr. Berrian, another distinguished member
of thU m4 who was on the Judiciary
