808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
vate property of an individual be captured by
ail enemy tlie loss falls upon him ; but if liis
rights be infringed by a friendly Power it is as
mucli the duty of his Government to demand,
Bad, if need be, enforce reparation, in the per-
sonal interests of the injured party, as it is to
enforce its local laws for his protection; and
the Government should be held immediately
answerable to its citizens for all such injuries.
This is the very heart and essence of the com-
pact between thera. But if either too weak or
too timid to maintain its rights the Govern-
ment should nevertheless make full reparation
to those who have relied upon its honor and
its strength.
Sir, I would say to England, "You have
been remiss in your duty toward us as a friendly
Power by raising our rebellious subjects to an
equal war footing with us as a nation; you have
encouraged your subjects to coalesce with oue
enemies ; you have permitted your harbors and
ship-yards to be used for building, sheltering,
arming, and equipping vessels of war; you have
allowed these vessels to put to sea without
obstruction to prey upon our commerce; and
for all these outrages we demaud a full and
speedy indemnification." And I would not
wait until it suits her pleasure for redress.
NATIONAL EDUCATION.
Mr. BIRD next addressed the House on the
subject of national education. [His remarks
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. HOAR rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. Bird,] in the course of his
remarks, was asked to yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Sir. Hoar.] The gen-
tleman's time has not yet expired. Does the
visld a portion of it to the gentle-
nta.7i from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOAR. I understand that the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Bird] has surren-
dered the floor.
The CUAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] will proceed.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Bird] has, in the re-
marks he has addressed to the House, totally
misapprehended the scope, the design, and the
effect of the measure which he has discussed.
There is no purpose in the inind of any man,
so far as I have heard, to remove from the
State, from the township, or from the school
district, th'e valuable and precious privilege of
regulating their own institutions for education
in their own way. Nobody proposes, as the
gentleman from New Jersey seems to suppose,
not to permit the States of this Union to edu-
cate their people. But what is proposed is
not to permit them not to do it. That is all.
This bill declares that whenever a State desires
to establish and put in force a school system
reasonably sufficient for the education of its
children of school age the matter of so doing
shall be left to the entire and exclusive charge
of that community.
Mr. McNEELY. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question. I expect to address the
House upon this bill when it comes up prop-
erly for discussion, and I wish to ask the gen-
tleman where he gets the constitutional power
to do what he has just stated.
Mr. HOAR. I will state that in a moment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there are in this country
to-day sixteen States, which for the next ten
years are to elect thirty-two Senators and ninety
Representatives, in which there are receiving
an education at all, including even those who
go to school for a single week in the year,
about one million three hundred thousand chil-
dren, against three million five hundred and
seventy-five thousand of school age who are
receiving no sort of education whatever.
Thirty-five hundred thousand children are
growing up, under our recent constitutional
amendments, to be citizens and voters in the
government of this Republic, for whom there
is absolutely no education to be obtained,
from public or from any other sources. It is
not too much to say, when you consider the
condition of political affairs in one or two of
the northern States, that under existing regu-
lations this country id to be governed in the
immediate future by its ignorance and its cor-
ru pt.ion.
Now, this bill declares that whenever there
is a school system open to and providing for
all its children in any State, this bill shall
have no effect in that State; but when, as in
Tennessee 
Mr. BIED. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman declined to
yield to me, and I have but fifteen minutes.
I will endeavor to get through in time to
answer any suggestions he desires to make.
' Bat, as I was saying, whenever, as in Ten-
nessee, the' dominant party makes war upon
and destroys, as its first act of power, the
institutions for the education of children, so
that there is county after county in that State
where there is not a child in the whole county
attending school, it is time for the interference
of the central power qf the Republic.
Now I am asked where the constitutional
power comes from. The constitutional power
to deal with this subject comes from that
clause in the Constitution which authorizes
Congress to pass all laws necessary for carry-
ing iuto effect the powers conferred by that
instrument.
Mr. McNEELY. Where do you get that
power ?
Mr. HOAR. That power is given by the
Constitution itself.
Mr. McNEELY. Whereabouts?
Mr. HOAR. At the top of page 13 of the
Constitution and Manual. If the gentleman
will look he will find it there. The Constitu-
tion declares that this Government shall be
administered by a people every one of whom
shall be entitled to vote, if of the proper age
and of the male sex; and the Government
cannot be administered in that constitutional
way unless provision be made for the instruc-
tion of the people, the education of the people ;
also, Mr. Speaker, as the readiest, surest, and
cheapest way for the accomplishment of every
one of the great ends which this Constitution
was designed to accomplish, strength in war,
for instance. Why, Mr. Gladstone has de-
clared within six weeks that the victory of
Germany over France is the victory of the
common-school system of Prussia over the
ignorance of the French empire. The expe-
rience of the past fifteen years has shown that
the common-school system of Prussia has rev-
olutionized the manufacturing industries of
the world ; and England, at the very close of
the last session of Parliament, passed a law to
establish a system of universal education as
necessary to the protection of her manufac-
turing supremacy. She had gone down from
the first to the fifth of the manufacturingnations
of the world within a period of fifteen years.
I find the authority, therefore, in the power
to care for manufactures and for agriculture,
and in the power to form a more perfect Union.
Wherever education exists, there love of the
Union exists; wherever ignorance exists, there
the spirit of rebellion and disunion exists.
Mr. McNEELY. I would like to have the
gentleman from Massachusetts tell me the
clause of the Constitution which gives Con-
gress the power to do what he proposes to do
by this bill.
Mr. HOAR. I have stated it.
Mr. McNEELY. What clause is it? I did
not hear.
Mr. HOAR. I will read it:
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by this Consti-
tution in thefiovernmentof the United States, or in
any department or officer thereof."
Now. I declare that there is not a power
vested by this instrument either in the Con-
gress or ui the people toward the exercise and
accomplishment of which the education of the
people is not the surest, the most direct, and
the cheapest way. I have no time, of course,
to expand this argument fully within the few
minutes allowed me, and I will now yield to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Towx-
sexd.]
Mr. TOWNSEND. I want to ask the gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Bird] a ques-
tion. Are not the people of the United States
citizens of the United States as well as in the
different States, and in the absence of educa-
tional facilities afforded by the States them-
selves does it not become the duty of the
United States Government to provide them
with an education to enable them to perform
the duties which they owe to the Government
of the United States ?
Mr. BIRD. I think I have answered the
gentleman very fully already. I will say fur-
ther, in reply, that in my judgment whatever
might be our desire, whatever might be our
wish, we have no power whatever  s legislat-
ors, acting in the capacity that we do here, to
enforce the provisions of this bill in any State,
however ignorant, degraded, or vicious the
people thereof may be.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Then the argument of
the gentleman is that the Government of the
United States has no power, after having im-
posed duties upon the people of the United
States, to educate them to the performance
of those duties.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, obtained the
floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for two minutes?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I want to say a word
upon this question of the constitutional power
to establish common schools in the States.
I only propose now to discuss in a few words
the one question, has Congress the power by
law to Establish common schools and provide
the means of education in any State which
neglects adequately to perform that duty?
This question requires the consideration, first
of all, of some facts almost axiomatic in a
republican Government.
It is a fact, then, that neither our national
GovernmentnoranyState of the Union can ex-
ist as a republican form of government with-
out universal education. Montesquieu has very
truly and forcibly said :
"Education makes the man; that alone is the
parent of every virtue; it is the most sacred, tho
mo^t useful, and at the same time the most neglected
thing in every country."
Inspired wisdom, the source of all true wis-
dom, has said:
" Learn me true understanding and knowledge.
And I will learn thy laws."
The Constitution, as has been very properly
said by Farrar—
"Presupposes tho existence of a well-informed
public opinion, lor it is predicated upon it and
ordained by it: 'we, the people, establish' it."
Then, again, we all know what Pope said;
'' 'Tis education forms the common mind :
Just as the twig is bent the tree's inclined."
Now, with these facts before us, it is not
necessary to resort to any doubtful power of
Congress or to any ambiguous clause of the
Constitution, to find ample authority in the
national Government to establish common
schools and provide the means of education
in any State which neglects that duty in whole
or in part. The Constitution on this sub-
ject speaks 110 uncertain sound. Tho power
is there in the amplest plenitude to preserve
national and State existence. It is found in that
only partially explored provision or clause in
the Constitution of the United States to which
I think but very little, if any, reference has
been made in connection with the subject now
under consideration. I refer to section four
of article four of the Constitution, which gives
Congress power to guaranty to each State of
this Union a republican form of government.
That necessarily and by implication earries
