1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1635
Committee, said, in regard to electing Repre-
sentatives from districts:
"The committee, without deciding on the power
granted to Congress by the Constitution, did not
consider tho occasion had arrived when that power,
if H existed, could with propriety be exorcised."
Mr. Walker, of Mississippi, said:
"It is a matter which ought to be left to the
States."
Mr. Silas Wriglit, of New York, asked—
"What authority there was to assume that the
word "manner* included the question of voting in
districts or by general ticket? It cannot be com-
petent for Congress to decide for the States who
among their citizens shall be voter?, who may vote
for all the members to be elected or tor only one of
thetn."
Mr. Kennedy, of Indiana, in the House of
Representatives, on that same bill said :
"lie admonished all those friendly to the powers
of the Federal Government not to permit it to come
into conflict with the States, in which it must inev-
itably suffer; that the State Legislatures and their
members were as independent as this House and its
members. They were not slaves, and would revolt
at any unauthorized assumption of power over
them."
Mr. Morehead, of Kentucky, who favored
that measure, said:
"Great objection had been made to this clause
that it is mandatory, that it commands the obedi-
ence of the State governments. It has in "contem-
plation no such purpose. It claims no right to issue
a mandate, issues no order, demands no obedience.
But it is said if this law is passed, and Congress has
no power to carry out its own law, the law must be
a nullity, which refutes the assertion of the power.
His first answer to this was, that Congress performs
its defined duties in making a law to carry out an
express power, and the matter then is taken out of
the hands of Congress by the Constitution, and its
execution is confided to the Legislatures of the
States. They are accountable to their States for tho
non-fulfillment of their duties."
That bill did not then become a law, but in
1862, during the war, Congress passed it. The
bill under discussion in 1842 read as follows:
"Andbeit farther enacted. That in every case where
a State is entitled to more than one ^Representative,
the number to which each State shall be entitled
under this apportionment shall be elected by dis-
tricts, composed of contiguous territory, equal in
number to tho number of Representatives to which
said State may be entitled—no one district electing
more than one Representative."
It is almost verbatim the act passed in 1862.
Congress refused to pass the act, and from the
debates upon it we may fairly conclude that
the refusal was based upon the ground of a
want of constitutional power. Mr. Morehead,
who waived that objection, admitted that Con-
gress could not compel the btates to act accord-
ing to congressional dictation, and that alter
Congress had acted the States might refuse to
conform.
New Hampshire, however, notwithstanding
this act of Congress of 180G. elected Jier Rep-
resentatives by general ticket, acting upon
lier inherent right as a sovereign State, while
other States elected by districts; and yet her
Representatives were admitted into the other
House under the Ciause oi the Constitution
making the House of Representatives the sole
judge of the elections and qualifications of its
own members.
Judge Paschal, in his reprint of Notes on
the Constitution, says that the manner of con-
ducting elections as mentioned in the Consti-
tution means by ballot or.vtvti voce. ^Manner
relates to the method or form, and is never
applied to vital or substantial matter ; no iiiore
than the manner of speaking is to the subject-
matter and essence ofthe speech; the method or
form of voting may be by ballot or orally, but
the vital part of suffrage, the person voted for
■ and the free and untrammeled right to exercise
that franchise as a citizen of the State, (for in
that capacity the vote is cast uncontrolled ex-
cept by the laws and regulations of the btates,
operating inside ofthe fifteenth amendment,)
cannot be controverted ; subject, of course, to
the law of necessity, when the contingency may
arise for its exercise.
From the foundation of the Government
down to the year 1862, when the war was
raging and the minds of legislators and people
were not in a condition to settle questions ot
constitutional law, the uniform custom and
established and settled usage of the govern-
ments, State and national, was the exclusive
control by the States of the times, places, and
manner of holding elections, as well for mem-
bers of Congress as for State officials. Com-
munis error facit jus—or, a common error by
length of time becomes law—is as applicable
to constitutions as to statutes ; but the con-
struction which I claim seeks no refuge under
a legal maxim, but finds its vindication and
support in reason, usage, universal acquies-
cence, acceptance, and confirmation by both
governments in the uninterrupted course of
seventy years—nearly the lifetime of the Fed-
eral Government.
The opinions of the statesmen and lawyers
which I have read, men of ability and renown,
are entitled to great weight, and it will be seen
that they mostly concur in the unconstitution-
ality of the law even to districting the States ;
they did not believe that the occasion had
arisen to justify such legislation. The exi-
gency, the extreme necessity, did not exist.
Congress has no right to prescribe the qual-
ification of electors or voters, not even for the
election of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The second section of the first article of the
Constitution says:
" The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of tbe several States, and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors
of the most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture."
It will be seen that the qualification of elect-
ors or voters is to be ascertained and fixed by
the States, independent of any action or con-
trol of the Federal Government. The power
to prescribe these qualifications is inherent in
the States, and is to be exercised in perfect
independence of Congress.
The fifteenth amendment comes in as a pro-
viso or addendum to the power originally re-
served to the States, and says that in fixing
the qualifications for voters the States must not
discriminate among the people on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
The States have the constitutional power to-
day to prescribe any condition to the right to
vote, except as to race or color and former
condition of the person. They may prescribe
as qualifications for voters for the house of
delegates, or representatives to the popular
branch of the State Legislature, education, and
define the branches and extent of it; also a
property qualification ; also that a voter shall
have been a citizen of the State for five, ten,
or any number of years, looking back beyond
your fifteenth amendment. Age and residence
are completely in their province to declare.
When these qualifications are fixed by the Slates
according to their taste and pleasure, limited
only by race or color, as alluded to, the voters
for members of Congress are made by the Con-
stitution to conform to those fixed and regu-
lated by the States. It will be seen that the
primary and essential power is in the States.
The General Government in this respect is
secondary, and made to accept and adopt the
action and legislation of the States in refer-
ence to this important matter of the qualifica-
tion of voters.
This view of the subject shows that the train-
ers of the Constitution were jealous of Federal
power, and determin ed to hedge about the rights |
of the States as superior to the granted, lim-
ited functions ofthe General Government, and
should teach us lessons of caution against any
encroachment upon that which was the cluet-
est obje'et and hope of those who formed the
Constitution.
But if it were conceded that Congress has
the power to legislate on this subject, it must
be admitted by its advocates that no congres-
sional legislation can reach to or affect State
elections for State Legislatures or State officers.
No power is alleged or claimed by Congress
to interfere with State elections. In many and
most of the States Governors, judges, State
senators, members of the popular brunch, and
other officers of the State, are voted for at the
same time ; a member of Congress is voted for
on the same ticket. Congress cannot inter-
fere under the State law with the vote for a
member of Congress without trespassing upon
the rights of the States and the voters for
State officers. If Congress has any power at
all to legislate, it can only be exercised sep-
arately from State elections. Congress must
fix a separate time and occasion for electing
Representatives to Congress before they can
exercise the power.
Congress now proposes, not to legislate for
the election of members of Congress separately
and distinctly from the State elections, which,
if they have any power to legislate at ail on
the subject, is the only mode in which that
power can be exercised, but to permit the
State laws to be in force which regulate the
time, places, and manner of holding elections.
Congress does not now propose to change the
time, or the place, or the manner, but it pro-
poses to interfere with elections to be con-
ducted under State authority.
But what semblance of right-has Congress
to pass this bill? It is claimed under the fif-
teenth amendment, which reads:
"Sec. 1. The right of citizens of the United Sfates
to voteshallnot bedenied orabridgedby the United
States, or by any State, on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude.
"Sec. 2. The Congress shall have power to cnforce
this article by appropriate legislation."
It declares that the right to vote shall not
be denied or abridged by any State. Has any
State attempted by her legislation to deny,
abridge, or impair, in any sense, the right of
any one to vote? No State has done so, or
essayed to do so ; on the contrary, every State
has furnished facilities to voters to enable them
to exercise their suffrage. Elections h^fe been
held in all the States, and the free exercise of
the elective franchise has been freely enjoyed
by all. The States have modified their regis-
tration and election laws in conformity to the
fifteenth amendment by striking out the word
"white." But the only restriction upon a
State is that by her legislation she shall not
deny this privilege of franchise on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
She may virtually deny it, by prescribing edu-
cational or property qualification, or residence
or citizenship for aperiod of time, or any other,
except that of race or color. _
This restriction or denial is to be done by
State authority; by the legislative power of
the State in the form of law. It is only after
State action denying or abridging the right to
vote that the second clause of the fifteenth
amendment can be exercised by Congress,
namely:
"Congress shall havo the power to enforce this
provision by appropriate legislation."
This last power only springs into action from
the exercise of power by a State. It is latent,
and must foreverremain so, in aconstitutional
sense, until it is warmed into activity and
energy by State authority.
It exists only conditionally, contingently.
It is not au isolated, iudepeiideut power, to
be exercised at will; but it is a subsidiary,
secondary, iuferior power, to be used m ref-
erence to the condition or contingency which
is annexed to the principal power.
This secondary or contingent power, when
called into action, must be used only to the
extent of securing the elective franchise to
such persons as may have been deprived of it
by a State on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude.
This power cannot mount higher than its
principal; the accessory cannot do more than
that principal; the stream cannot rise higher
than the fouutain.
Butthesewordsareunimportant. i hey con-
fer no more than would have existed without
them. The denial in the Constitution to any
State to com money,or to pass any law impaa-
