202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2.
Ho. of Reps.
Civil Eights—Mr. Manning.
41st Cong 3d Sess.
a, convention as ia proposed in the act of Assembly,
ami no other, has been called, and therefore that
net so sanctioned must bo regarded as our power of
nttomey. If wo transcend the limits or refuse obe-
dience to the conditions therein provided, we are
not the convention called by the people, but a self-
constituted body."
And tliis view was sustained in that conven-
tion by a vote of 86 to 22. It will be observed
that it is here distinctly asserted that the peo-
ple, not the Legislature, called the convention ;
the net was a mere proposition. Besides, the
act, prescribed certain restrictions and limita-
tions upon this convention, which, as a mere
act ot' the Legislature, Mr. Gaston did not re-
gard as binding ; but as the act had received
the sanction of the people, it was obligatory
upon the convention.. In other words, the
sanction of the people, and not the act of the
Assembly, gave to the convention all its vital-
ity and authority ; and it is nowhere pre-
tended that the convention was called by the
Legislature. Now, Mr. Speaker, the act of
the present General Assembly follows the
act of 1835, and submits the question whether
a convention shall be called or not to the
people. But, say those who insist that this
action of the Legislature is revolutionary, it
is the Legislature calling the convention.
Now, Mr. Speaker, how can this be, when the
people, by a vote, may defeat it? The person
called may never come. It is a mere propo-
sition, which the people may adopt or reject
at will.
The constitution of 1770 contains the same
grant of legislative power to the General As-
sembly as is contained in the constitution of
1868, in article two, section one, and besides
is without any provision as to its own amend-
ment. And if the people could do no legisla-
tive act—and calling a convention is a legisla-
tive act—the convention of 1833 was a revolu-
tionary body and its acts null and void, for the
act of the General Assembly submitting the
question of a restricted convention to the
people is in substance and form identical with
the act of the present General Assembly, sub-
mitting the question of a convention to the
people. No man in North Carolina has been
yet found bold enough to assert that the con-
vention of 1835 was revolutionary. Iiow,
then, will the convention, if called by the peo-
ple under the constitution of 1808, be a revo-
lutionary body, particularly as the constitution
of 1SG3 in article one, section two, declares—
" That all political power is vested in and derived
fro m the people; all govermnentof right originates
from the people, is founded upon their will only, is
instituted solely for the good of the whole?''
"Sec. 3. That the people of the State have the inhe-
rent. solo, and exclusive right of regulating the
internal government and police thereof, and of
altering and abolishing their constitution and form
of government whenever it may be necessary to
their safety and happiness; but every such right
should be exercised in pursuance of law, and con-
sistently with the Constitution of the UnitcdStates."
Aud by thirty-seventh section, article one,
it is expressly declared :
" This enumeration of rights shall not be construed
to impair or deny others^ retained by the people;
and ail powers not herein delegated remain with
the people."
And the only grant of power to the General
Assembly on the subject, of a convention of
the people is contained in article thirteen, sec-
tion one, as follows:
"Noconvention of thepeopleshall be called by the
General Assembly unless by the concurrence of two
thirds of all the members of each house of the Gen-
eral Assembly."
Does this clause limit the people? Certainly
not. It limits the Legislature when it under-
takes to call a convention, but does not pre-
vent the General Assembly from making sug-
gestions to the people as to the propriety of
the people calling a convention, nor the people
from acting upon the suggestions of the Gen-
eral Assembly and calling a convention them-
selves, should they so decide. But it is said
again that this act of the General Assembly of
North Carolina is revolutionary, because it is
in violation of the reconstruction acts. It is
only necessary for me to read the tenth section
of the act to put this question at rest forever,
unless ifc is claimed that no one of the recon-
structed States can amend their constitutions
in any respect without the consent of Congress:
"S^C. 10- That, said convention shall have power
to consider and propose all necessary amendments
and alterations to the constitution of the State (ex-
cepting the restrictions hereinafter mentioned) not
inconsistent with the Constitution of the United
States. But said convention shall have no power
or authority whatever to offeror propose any amend-
ment or alteration of or in anywise interfere with,
repeal, or modify the homestead and personal prop-
erty exemptions, as provided for m article ten of
the constitution of the State; and said convention
shall insert a clause in said constitution depriving
any court of the State of all power or jurisdiction
whatever to reverse, modify, or change in any way
the decision which has been made by the present
supreme court on the homestead clause of the pres-
entconstitution ; nor shall said convention in any
way interfere with, modify, repeal, or do any other
act to restrict or impair the rights, privileges, or
immunities of any person in the State, on account
of race, color, or previous condition, which are now
guarantied to him by tile thirteenth, fourteenth,
and fifteenth amendments to the Constitution of the
United States; nor shall they propose any amend-
ment to the constitution of the State, in any way
impairing or restricting said rights, privileges, or
immunities; nor shall said convention pass any
oidinance or propose any amendment to the con-
stitution of this State which shall in anvvnse
provide for the payment to the late slaveholders
of the State, or any other person, for the loss sus-
tained by them by reason of the emancipation of
said slaves; nor shall said convention pass any
ordinance or offer any amendment which shall in
anywise provide for the payment of any debt or
debts contracted in aid of the late war; nor shall
said convention pass any ordinance or offer any
amendment which shall in anywise provide for the
infliction of corporal punishment, for criminal
offenses; nor shall said convention have po?yer to
abolish the present system of public instruction, but
to make such alterations to said system as said con-
vention may deem necessary and proper; nor shall
said convention propose any amendment or alter-
ation requiring any property or educational qualifi-
cation for voters or officers; nor shall said conven-
tion change the present ratio between the poll and
property tax, or provide for raising tho poll tax on
one poll above two dollars for all ordinary State
and county purposes; nor shall said convention
be allowed to pass any ordinance or ordinances
legislative in their character, except such as are
neees&aiy to submit the constitution as amended
to the people of the State for their ratification
or rejection, and provide for filling such vacancies
as may occur by reason of any amendment or
amendments made by said convention to the con-
stitution of the State, and except ordinances in
relation to the public debt; nor shall said con-
vention have any power to modify or repeal that
clause in tho pre enteonstitution which provides lor
a mechanics' and laborers' hen law; nor shall said
convention have any power to modify or repeal
those clauses in the present constitution which pro-
vide that there is no right to secede, and that every
citizen owes paramount allegiance to the Constitu-
tion and Government of the United States. (Article
1, sections 4 and 5.)
"8kc.11. That said convention mayrevise the con-
stitution of tho State, embodying in it such altera-
tions and amendments as may be agreed upon not
inconsistent with the provisions of this act; but no
such revised constitution shall have any force or
validity until the same shall have been ratified by a
majoviiy of the qualified voters of the State, to whom
tho same shall be submitted according to the mode
to be prescribed by ordinance of said convention."
The report of the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, on page 5, has this language: " the pre-
amble sets out substantially the grounds of the
necessity for this legislation. "
Now, Mr. Speaker, having as I think demon-
strated to this House that the statements made
in that preamble are false, scandalous, and
malignant, so far certainly as North Carolina
is concerned, aud therefore that no such legis-
lation is required for my State, I shall dispose
of the remainder of this bill in a few words.
This bill is unconstituonal:
First, because it denominates certain acts
done in the southern States as crimes against
the United States, while the same acts done
elsewhere are not declared to be crimes against
the United Statesj
Second, it punishes with peculiar penal-
ties acts done in the States above named, while
no punishment is inflicted at all for the same
acts done in the northern and western States;
Third, it creates a peculiar judicial system
in the southern States j
Fourth, it deprives the State courts of all
criminal jurisdiction or else it punishes a cit-
izen twice for the same offense ;
Fifth, it suspends by implication the wri* of
habeas corpus, (see page 5, from line thirty-
nine to forty four ;)
Sixth, it puts the land and naval forces at the
command of a United States commissioner;
Seventh, it requires an unconstitutional oath
of office of the grand and petit jurors, and if
enforced will turn over the whole administra-
tion of justice in the United States courts to
the negroes, for it requires that jurors should
take the iron-clad oath ;
Eighth, it will add millions to our expenses,
as it creates an army of officers, in the way
of commissioners, marshals, and deputy mar-
shals ;
Ninth, it encourages strife and litigation ;
Tenth, it is unjust, as it provides as follows,
in sections seven aud eleven :
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That whoever
shall intimidate, treat with violence, refuse to
employ, discharge from employment, threaten with
personal harm or injury in property any citizen of
tho United Mates, with intent to hinder or restrain
such citizen of tho free exercise of any nght as such
citizen, or who shall do either of the acts last above
mentioned to any citizen of the United States because
of his having fieely exercised any ot his rights as
such citizen, shall be deemed to have been guilty
of a misdemeanor, and, in addition to the other
punishment hereinafter provided, shall be liable,
at the suit of the party injured, for ail damages
by him sustained in consequence thereof, rot be
recovered by suit in the circuit court of the United
States for the district where such offense was com-
mitted.
Sec. 11. And be-it further enacted. That whenever,
in either ot said States, any citizen of the United
States shall suffer loss, damage, or injury in his per-
son or property because of any of theotfense<declared
in this act, when committed by any combination or
number of men, whether disguised or othinwise,
artned or unarmed, acting iu conceit, the person .«o
suffering loss, damage, or injury, may bring a suit in
the circuit courtoi tne United. Stafes_ against the
inhabitants of the county, city, oi parish, if in the
State of Louisiana, in which the unlawful acts of
which he complains may have been done, as it the
inhabitants were a corporation; and in case ot the
death of the party injured his wife or next of km
may bring such suit, to whom also the action shall
suivive if death happens after suit brought, and
shall recover against said defendant in ijie suit
the full amount of said loss, d image, or injury, ro
be assessed by a jury m said court: and judgment
shall be entered upon the verdict, unless the same is
set aside for good eau3c, with cost of suit, and exe-
cution issued thereupon, which shall run againstand
may be levied upon and satisfied outof the goods
and estate of any individual inhabitant, of the de-
fendant county, city, or parish, at the election of the
plaintiff; and the person whose property shall be so
taken or levied upon shall have remedy for reim-
bursement over and above his just share, against one
or more of his comhabitants, by bill in equity for
contribution, to which, upon the motion of any per-
son interested, the city, county, or parish may be
made a party. If, upon the trial, shall appear that
the perpetrators ot the offenses from which the injury,
loss, or damage happened have riot been brought
before the State com ts and tried and punished for
such offense, it shall ho the duty of the judge ot said
circuit court to enter judgment tor do able the amount
of damages found by the jury, and issue execution
therefor, with costs of suit.
And now, m conclusion, let me say that the
immense majority of our people, both white
and black, have been opposed to all acts of
violeuce and of lawlessness, and would at any
time have aided the officers of the law in bring-
ing to punishment all disturbers of the public
peace; that the only assignable reason why
these men heve not been brought to justice, is
the inefficiency and cowardice of the officers
of the State. Mr. Speaker, the vast majority
of our people of both races are peaceably and
quietly pursuing their usual and ordinary avo-
cations diligently and in good temper, and the
kindest possible relations exist between the
whites and blacks. Time is gradually wearing
away that hardness and ill feeling that is one
of the saddest incidents to a civil war. The
clouds which have tested so long over our
laud all have their silver lining.
".Night'scandles are burntout, and jocund day
Stands tiptop on the misty mountain tops."
