810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
but allow me to ask, how far must a man who
lives in Texas travel in order to reach Omaha
for the purpose of taking the Pacific railroad?
What answer is it to a man living in Illinois
and desiring railroad facilities to tell him that
there is a road in Tennessee? What satisfac-
tion is it to a man living in Washington to be
told that there is .a railroad in Ohio? Can it
be pretended that one line of railroad across
(lie continent is all the aid that that country
needs for development?
I have sought the floor on this occasion to
state here before the country my conviction
that the Government of the United States, in
placing itself in hostility to the Pacific railroad
and its interests, in manifesting an unfriendly
disposition toward it, now in its infancy, before
there lias grown up along the road trade by
which it can be maintained, has committed a
mistake. The road should be kindly dealtwith
and fostered. By and by trade wili grow up.
Already mines are being developed. Many
loads of the precious ores brought from the
mountains are not only enriching commerce
but aiding to sustain the road. If we will
extend our kindly sympathy to this road, if
we will enlarge instead of withdrawing the
privileges heretofore granted, if we build up
its securities and make them strong in the
markets of the world, rather than show an
unfriendly disposition, we shall thereby foster
that which is our own, that in which the whole
people have an interest.
Allow me to say that itisa mistake to assert
that railroad men are monopolists of the public
lands. I know that they are the most active
and earnest agents in securing the sale of the
public lands for settlement and in promoting
immigration. The lands are valueless to the
railroads until they are settled. It is futile to
talk about, men holding, for ail indefinite period,
large bodies ot unproductive public domain,
subject all the time to taxation. The alternate
sections along the railroads are always reserved
by the Government fur actual settlers ; and
whenever settlement has grown up to any ex-
tent, the lands held by non-residents, being
taxed, become worse than unproductive; be-
come actually a dead loss.
All railroad men desire that land shall be
sold and settled at once. A railroad gives a
man settling along the line facilities which he
could not otherwise have. It affords the
means of travel, and encourages the settler to
come in and settle down upon the adjacent
lands. 1 hese railroad enterprises give-long
time in the sale of their lands. They are
earnestly and anxiously building up the means
to make business for their roads.
Why, sir, a railroad into Arizona will have
more influence in subduing the Indians you
will presently hear about from my friend, the
Delegate from that Territory, [Mr. McCoit- !
>iick, J than all the troopsyou may send there ;
and either the Government must build it by
money taken from the Treasury or it must
build it by donations of land. And allow me
to say, sir, if one half of the public domain
given to bonujide companies would build good
roads, with a supervision over fares which we
can always exercise, this one half of thepublic
domain would not be given away. It is there,
and will always remain there. It is one half
of the public domain redeemed from the wil-
derness and given to civilization, one half
brought out from a howling and useless waste,
which it is now, and made the homes of civil-
ized men.
Now, Speaker, there are two systems in this
country in relation to railroads, and one is to
let the settler struggle with all his difficulties,
to let the Brst generation of men die out, killed
off by the Indians, to let the second generation
raise_ themselves up and break their hearts
packing over the mountains to get outside to-
ward civilization, so that then the third and
fourth generations will be able to build the
roads themselves. That is the difficulty with
the actual settlers. Will some of ir.v agrarian
friends, who are the loud-mouthed advocates of
actual settlers here, tell me what kind of a set-
tler a man is who is not an actual settler ? What
is to prevent a man settling anywhere he likes
upon the public lands ? 1 should like to see
some of these men whoare located in the older
States, and who talk so much about actual
settlers, compelled to drive a mule team one
hundred miles across the plains and settle
down upon the public lands. Who stops any
man from settling there? What kind of a set-
tler is an actual settler? There is no land in
all that far western section of country belong-
ing to the Government which is not open to
settlement ; but you cannotget a man to settle
twenty miles away from a railroad; and the
consequence is that all the rest of the public
domain away from the lines of railroads is given
up to Indian depredations.
Then again, Mr. Speaker, we hear a great
deal about monopolies. I desire to say, and
it is a weakness with Californians to talk about
their own State, that there are men in that
State who will put the sickle this year into
thirty thousand acres of wheat. Single indi-
viduals there have thirty thousand acres in
wheat. One man has one hundred thousand
acres of land under cultivation. One man
there, a friend of mine, is the owner of over
one hundred thousand head of cattle, and I
have ridden over his plains twenty miles in
one direction. Gentlemen talk of monopolies.
The railroads are not the monopolists of the
public lands. College scrip, school scrip, and
the hundred and one donations of the public
land for which you have given land warrants,
have been the foundation of land monopolies.
Those warrants have been laid all over the
country out there, so that you have made it
impossible upon those bodies of the public land
for settlers to go and settle upon them. The
consequence is that you have kept our great
State, larger than all New England, Pennsyl-
vania, New York, and New Jersey, with only
somefourortive hundred thousand inhabitants.
My friend from Illinois does not want railroads
out there, because they will take from New
York and the other older States some portion
of their population, which we so much need. I
give warning to all these gentlemen that they
cannot dragoon us into supporting a policy
which retains population in the great cities and
in the great States. We are determined to have
these railroads. We of the new States are
determined, by the aid of these railroads, to
bring in population and to subdue the wild
Indians who are devastating our frontiers.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man's time has expired.
Mr. AXTELL. I will occupy but one
moment more by the courtesy of my friend
from Arizona.
Mr. Speaker, the public domain belongs
more especially to the States where the lands
lie. ^ All have a common interest in them, I
admit; but they especially belong to the pio-
neers, and, if possible, they should be cut up
into small quantities for settlement. The
alternate-section system has that tendency.
Develop the public domain by the construc-
tion of railroads, give it liberally for ail public
improvements, send in settlers, and by that
means it will soon become inhabited by com-
munities of civilized men. If you allow whole
townships to be taken up with land scrip by
wealthy men you wili keep it from taxation for
many years. Such is not the case with lands
given to enterprising railroad companies, for
then the lands will be sold out to actual settlers
as rapidly as possible. I thank the gentleman
from Arizona for this opportunity to say what
I have said.
CIVIL SERVICE ItKFOItM.
Mr. McCOItMICE, of Arizona. I yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Armstrong.]
Mr. AliMSfKONG. The President, in his
last message, very urgently presses upon Con-
gress the necessity of reforming the civil ser-
vice of the country. Remarking upon that
subject, he says:
" There is no duty whicli so much embarrasses the
Executive anil heads of Departments as that of
appointments; nor is there any such arduous and
thankless labor imposed on Senators and Represent-
atives as that of Amling places for constituents. The
present system does not secure the best men, and
often not even fit men, for public place. The ele-
vation and purification, of the civil service of the
Government will be hailed with approval by the
whole people of the United States."
This part of the President's message was
referred to the Committee on. the Civil Service.
They have had the matter under consideration,
and after much deliberation they concluded to
report to the House a resolution, which it is
proposed shall take the place of the several
bills which have heretofore been brought to the
notice of the House, and which have been
referred to that committee.
It is observable that the objections which
have been urged to a civil-service bill have
been chiefly in matters of detail, on which it
has been found extremely difficult to harmon-
ize the views of the members either of the
House or of the Senate. With a view to place
in the hands of the President such power as
may practically accomplish a remedy for some
part at least of these great abuses, the. com-
mittee have directed me to report this resolu-
tion, which I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Re?o2ve'l hy the Senate and Houieof Represent at ivei
of the United Slates of America in ConQresH atnembled,
That the President of the United States be, and he
is hereby, authorized to piescribe such rules and
regulations tor the ndmi^ion of persons into the
civil service of the United States as will best pro-
mote the efficiency thereof, and ascertain the fitness
of each candidate in respect to age, health, charac-
ter, knowledge, and ability for the branch of service
into which he seeks to enter; and for this purpose
the President is authorized to employ suitable per-
sons to conduct said inquiries, to prescribes their
duties, and to establish regulations {or the conduct
of persons who may receive appointments in the
civil servicc. The President is also authorized to
prescribe lees to be paid by all persons applying for
appointments, which fees shall be applied to the
payment of the expenses of making such inquiries.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. The purpose of this
resolution is simply to authorize the President
to establish such regulations, and such fees to
be paid, as will prevent this system from being
a charge upon the general Treasury, while it
will greatly promote the efficiency of the ser-
vice. I do not propose at this time to enter
into any discussion of the merits of the reso-
lution as proposed, but wish simply to bring it
to the attention of the House, and to state that
the committee will ask the House to grant them
some evening soon, when the resolution can
be brought up for consideration.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Armstrong]
whether the President of the United States has
not the power now to prescribe rule3 in relation
to the appointments he may make, either in
respect to qualification or anything else ; and
whether each head of a Department has not
that same power, without the passage of the
joint resolution to which he has called our
attention ?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. It is quite probable,
sir, that as regards very many of the offices of
the civil service the President has already the
power. But so has every member of Congress,
both in the Senate and the House, the power
to refuse his recommendation. But it requires
something in the nature of a law which shall
stem this tide of political power which is brought
to bear in the appointment of all the officers
of the Government. And under a resolution
such as this, and upon which the President may
pjace himself, having the sanction of an act of
Congress^ for the regulations which we may
adopt, it is believed that a large reform can be
effected in the service. But 1 do not propose
to detain the House by any discussion of the
question at this time. I have offered these
remarks to bring the position of the question
under the attention of the House.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, addressed
