1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Claim of McGarrahan—Mr. Loughridge.
Ho. of Beps.
And all that is needed is that Congress
should join in the glorious anthem of amnesty
and pardon as it swells out of the popular
heart, and for the States to pass laws making it
a criminal offense to join a secret political
organization. One secret political society
always begets another, and my State is no
exception to the general rule—first came the
Leaguers, then the Kuklux.
Claim of McGarrahan.
SPEECH OF HON. W. LOUGHRIDGE,
of iowa,
I.\ tub House op Representatives,
February 27, 1871,
On the report of Judiciary Committee on the memo-
rial of "William McGarrahan.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, there
has been no case in this Congress which has
received the extended, careful, and thorough
examination that this case has by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, an examination extend-
ing through two sessions of Congress. Indeed,
1 may say that it has almost monopolized the
time of the committee during this session.
The committee are almost unanimous that
McGarrahan has no legal or valid claim to the
land in dispute, only two out of the ten mem-
bers holding a different opinion ; and it does
seem to me that upon that point there ought
to be no difference of opinion ; and that is
really the only question submitted to the com-
mittee and the only question upon which they
reported, as it was the only question upon
which they could properly report. The fol-
lowing is the bill referred to the committee:
That the tract of land known as the Panoehe
Grande ranclio, in the State of California, granted
Governor Manuel Micheltorena, in the State of
California, A. D. 1844, and by said Gomez conveyed
to \V ilham McGarrahan on the22d day of December,
1857, surveyed by theUnitedStatessurveyorgeueral
for California, and approved by him September 11,
1862, and which survey is now on fife in the General
Land Of&ee, be, and the same is in all respects
hereby, fully confirmed to said William McGarrahan,
upon this condition, however, that the said MeGar-
lahan shall, within twelve months after the passage
of this act, pay into theTreasury of the United States
the sum of St 25 per acre for the land embraced in
the said survey.
In the examination by the committee a cer-
tain state of facts was found which I shall state
in as few words as I can. By the terms of
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo it became
incumbent upon the United States to respect
and carry out titles acquired before the treaty
under Mexican or Spanish laws. The Spanish
and Mexican grants were for extensive tracts
of land, the tract claimed by petitioner in this
case being about seventeen thousand acres.
Although it is contrary to the desire and wish
of the people of this country to grant the public
lands in extensive tracts, but rather to reserve
them for settlers in small tracts, yet we all
agree that the treaty should be faithfully car-
ried out, and that if Mr. McGarrahan has
shown himself entitled under the treaty to this
seventeen thousand acres he should have it.
For the purpose of examining and settling
all claims for land arising under this treaty
Congress passed the act of March 3,1851. The
title of that act is, "An act to ascertain and
settle the private land claims in the State of
California." I undertake to say, sir, thatthere
never was a more full, fair, and just remedy
provided for any men or class of men or any
class of claims than was provided by that act
for these claimants under Mexican titles. Let
us examine it. The tirst section provides—
" That for the purpose of ascertaining and settling
private land claims in theStateof Calitornia a com-
mission is hereby constituted, which shall consist of
three commissioners, to be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the consent of theSesate."
This commission was to sit in California
and to hear all cases properly brought before
them; and it was provided that all the evi-
dence in such eases should be in writing and
should be recorded and preserved in bound
books; so that, it will be observed, the cases
could be as fully heard upon the evidence in
the courts to which they might be appealed as
they were before the board of commissioners
on the original hearing. The law provided
that each and every person claiming land in
California by virtue of Mexican or Spanish
title should present the same to this board
with all their evidence. The board were re-
quired to decide the case upon the evidence,
and within thirty days thereafter to certify the
decision, with the reasons therefor, to the Uni-
ted States district attorney for the district in
which the land was situated.
After such decision by the board it was the
right of either the claimant or the district attor-
ney of the United States to appeal to the dis-
trict court of the United States, and the statute
provides, after the hearing of the case by the
district court—
"That the district court shall proceed to render
judgment upon the pleadings and evidence in the
case, and upon such further evidence as may be
taken by the order of the court, and shall, on appli-
cation of the party against whom judgment is ren-
dered, grant an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States." ,*
There isthus provided and guarantied tothese
claimants a hearing in three different judicial
tribunals, the last being the highest judicial
tribunal in the nation; and the law provides—
" That all lands, the claims to which have been
finally rejected by the commissioners in manner
herein provided, or which shall be finally decided to
be invalid by the district or Supreme Court, and all
the lands, the claims to which shall not have been
presented to the said commissioners within two years
after the date of this act. shall he deemed and held
as part of the public domain of the United States."
With a law of this kind and a tribunal of this
ehaiacter it would seem that these claimants
ought to be satisfied. And yet Congress did
not stop here, but with a desire to fully protect
all parties from loss, even where legal claims
did not exist, it was provided by act of July
23, 18C6, (vol. 14, p. 220,) that where persons
in good faith and for valuable consideration
had purchased land3 of Mexican grantees or
assigns, which grants had subsequently been
rejected, or where the lands so purchased had
been excluded from the final survey of the
grant, and where such persons had used, im-
proved, and continued in actual possession of
the same, and where no valid adverse right or
title exists, such persons may purchase such
lands at the minimum price established by law.
This act would thus seem to cover all eases in
which any possible hardship might be done.
And now the question will be asked, why
has not this claimant availed himself of the
remedy given by these laws, so full, so ample,
so just? I answer that his case has been pre-
sented, urged, and fully passed upon both under
the act of March 3, 1851, and the act of July
23,1866, and under both acts has been, by the
proper tribunal therein provided, held to be
invalid and destitute of foundation in law or
equity.
In 1863 Gomez, to whom it is claimed the
original grant was made, presented the same
to the board of commissioners. It was heard
by the board and rejected. Something is
claimed here, I do not know exactly what,
from the fact that in the record of the decis-
ion by the board they say that they find that
the grant was made as claimed to Gomez, but
that he had never had possession of the land,
and therefore they rejected the claim ; and it
is urged here that this was really a decision in
favor of the claim, inasmuch as possession was
not necessary to the validity of the claim.
Now, while I do not propose to go into an
argument upon the point as to whether posses-
sion was necessary in these cases or not, I will
only say that I believe the law to be that pos-
session was a necessary requisite, and could be
dispensed with only in cases where, as in the
Fremont case, it was rendered impossible. The
Supreme Court in that case held that posses-
sion would not be required where it appeared
that it was impossible or dangerous from the
presence of savage Indians; and the minority
of the court held, in a dissenting opinion, that
possession was absolutely necessary, and that
even the circumstances of that ease would not
avoid it; andin Graham vs. United States, (4
Wallace, 260,) the Supreme Court declared pos-
session to be necessary. Indeed, I know of
no case where it has ever been held that pos-
session was not necessary to be shown to sus-
tain these grants, or some good reason why
possession was not taken.
But waiving this question, it matters not what
the reasons given by the board were. Their
judgment was against the validity of the claim,
and from that judgment the claimant appealed.
His proceeding was not a writ of error, but an
appeal, and that appeal rendered the judgment
of the board of no further effect, and it made
no difference in the further proceedings of the
case, what thejudgmeut of the board was, much
less what their reasons were, or their findings
of fact. By the appeal the case was placed
upon the docket of the district court for trial
denovo, not upon the findings of fact or the
judgment of the commissioners, but "upon the
pleadings and evidence in the case, and such
further evidence as might be taken." Then
what has the finding of facts of the board of
commissioners to do with the case? Certainly
no more than would the finding of facts which
a justice ot the peace might insert in his record
have to do v/ith the case, after such case is
appealed to a higher court for trial d& novo.
The judgment of the board of commis-
sioners being against the validity of the claim,
the only remedy the claimant had was to ap-
peal the case to the district court. OnePacificus
Ord was the attorney for Gomez before the
board, and while the case was pending there he
was appointed United States district attorney,
and from the day of the acceptance of that
office by him it was his duty, to which he was
bound by his honor and his oath, to honestly
and faithfully advocate the interests of the
United States in all cases in the courts of his
district. By the acceptance of that office this
case and all others in which the United States
was a party became intrusted to his care and
control.
After his appointment as district attorney,
Ord wrote out a notice of appeal of said cause
to the district court and had the same signed
by another attorney, and thus the case was
appealed by Gomez.
While the cause was pending, and before the
trial in the district court, Gomez conveyed to
said Ord (United States attorney) one half the
claim. "\Vhen the case came up in the district
court Ord, instead of notifying the United
States officers that he was a part owner of the
claim, and that the Government should employ
another attorney for the case, appeared in the
district court lor the United States, handed
the papers to another attorney, (Mr. Hartman.)
telling him that it was a case in which the
claimant had no attorney, that there was no
dispute in the case, and that it was desirable
to have it disposed of, and, at the request of
Ord, Mr. Hartman moved the court to reverse
the decree of the board, confirm the title, and
Mr. Ord, acting as attorney for the United
States, gave his assent to such motion, and the
court, relying upon the statement of the United
States attorney, without looking at the papers,
ordered a decrce reversing the decision of the
board.
Thus this, the only decision ever given in
favor of this claim, was obtained through
fraud, deception, and villainy, the court pro-
nouncing ir. knowing nothing of the pase.
This proceeding was in June, 1857, but tho
