16B8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
try to the character of this section. It invests
the most extraordinary powers ever given by
any law in the officers appointed under it. In
the first place, it authorizes in any city or town
where the population is twenty thousand or
upward the marshal of the United States for
that district to appoint, upon the application
of two citizens in such city or town, special
deputy marsha]s; and then it goes on to pro-
vide what these deputy marshals shall be au-
thorized to do. It authorizes the marshal not
only to appoint general deputies, but also spe-
cial deputies, and prescribes the duties of these
officers and givea them all equal powers. The
marshal of the United StatesfjSun officer recog-
nized by existing laws, has no more authority
under this section than any general deputy or
any special deputy he chooses to appoint, or
of any supervisor who is invested with the
powers of these special deputies. Now, ob-
serve how extensive these powers are. The
section provides:
And the marshal and his general deputies and
such special deputies shall have power, and it shall
be the duty of such special deputies, to keep the
peace, and Bupport and protect the supervisors of
elections in the discharge of their duties, preserve
order at sueh places of registration, at such polls,
prevent fraudulent registration and fraudulent vot-
iug thereat.
If the section stopped there it would not be
so objectionable, but it goes on further to pro-
vide:
Or fraudulent conduct on the part of any officer
of election, and immediately, cither at said place of
registration or polling place or elsewhere, and either
before or after registering or voting, to arrest, and
take into custody, with or without process, any per-
son whoshall commit,or attemptor offer to commit,
any of the acta or offenses prohibited by this act, or
the act hereby amended, or who shall commit any
offense against the laws of the United States.
Mr. President, this section gives these spe-
cial deputies and general deputies appointed
by thAaarshal at his pleasure, picked up any-
where, in any street or any alley of any city in
the Union, without regard to their qualifica-
tions, without regard to their character, power
to do what? To arrest any election officer for
fraudulent conduct. That is the first general
power given to each of these officers. He is
authorized to judge what is fraudulent con-
duct, and he is the sole judge. He is author-
ized to go into investigation of the whole con-
duct- of election officers, and if he sees any-
thing that he considers fraudulent, it justifies
him under this bill in arresting any person,
whether that person be a simple individual or
an officer conducting an election whose pres-
ence is necessary to the completion of the polls,
and then he is immediately, either at the place
of registration, the polling place, or elsewhere,
and either before or after registering or voting,
to arrest and take into custody any such person.
Those officers are authorized not only to
arrest a party after he shall have voted, for
fraudulent conduct, or after he shall have
registered, but before he shall have voted,
upon their mereideaof what constitutes fraud-
ulent conduct on the part of the voter. The
person so arrested may be in the presence
of the officer; he cannot escape ; he is not
attempting to escape. He goes to the place
of registration and proposes to register, or he
goes to the place of voting and proposes to
vote; and in the act of registration or in the
act of voting, and just at the moment when
this party, who is a legal voter, proposes to
exercise this act, this deputy marshal is author-
ized by this act to take him by the shoulder
and remove him from the place of registration
or the place of voting, although in a minute
more tliG party could exercise his right as an
American citizen and could not escape. This
section gives the deputy marshal, therefore,
the opportunity to deprive a party of the right
to vote when there is no necessity for it, and
when the party may even have beeu guilty of
110 offense. Not only is he authorized to do
that, but he may do it any where, wherever he
may meet the party.
Funher, the section provides that the deputy
marshal may do. this "with or without pro-
cess." This special deputy, picked up any-
where, ignorant, illiterate, perhaps not able to
read, knowing nothing of the laws of the'coun-
try, is invested with these high powers, and he
may, without any process at all, arrest any
man upon his construction of this law, and
deprive him of the right either of registering
or of voting.
The section not only authorizes the deputy
marshal to arrest a. person who shall commit
an offense, but he is authorized to arrest a per-
son who shall "offer'' to commit an offense.
If a person is present at the place of registra-
tion or voting, and, in the opinion of the dep-
uty marshal, is about to comm't an offense,
although he has, as yet, done no act, has beetj
guilty of no violation of the laws, but is offering
to do it, proposes to do it, or is about to do it,
the deputy marshal is authorized to arrest,
not for what has been done, but for what he
guesses is about to be done. This is only a
small part of the enormity of this section.
It seems to me that thisbill ought to be con-
fined to the purpose for which it is proposed.
If it is really a law to preserve the purity of
elections, it ought to be limited to that pur-
pose. It ought not to be extended and allowed
to embrace other subjects. Powers not neces-
sary to carry the object of the bill into execu-
tion should not be granted. No powers should
be given beyond those that are necessary to
preserve the purity of elections and to prevent
fraudulent registration and fraudulent voting.
Surely, if the bill does that, it does all that
ought to be done; and if it goes beyond that,
and undertakes to do things not necessary for
that purpose, having no connection with it,
relating to other subjects, undoubtedly that
portion of the bill ought not to become a law.
But, sir, see what this bill does. It not only
authorizes these officers to arrest any person
for a violation of this law, or a violation of
the law to which it is an amendment, or for
offering to violate it, but it authorizes these
officers to arrest a person who shall commit
any offense against the law3 of the United
Stated The ostensible object of the bill is to
preserve the purity of elections, to prevent
fraudulent registration, to prevent fraudulent
voting, to prevent elections being interfered
with, to have them conducted fairly; and yet
when registration or voting is going on these
deputy marshals are authorized not only to
arrest for the offenses mentioned in this bill,
but for any offense against the laws of the
United States, no matter where committed or
when committed, or what the character of the
offense is, with or without process. A man
has been guilty, in the opinion of this deputy
marshal, of robbing the mail; he has been
guilty of defrauding the revenue ; he has been
guilty of piracy upon the high seas: he has
been guilty of some other breach of the laws
of the United States ; and the deputy marshal
has the right under this bill to arrest that man
without process on this occasion, and thus
prevent him from registering or voting, and
exercising the rights guarantied to him by the
Constitution of the United States, and by the
constitution of every State in the Union.
Surely, sir, when this bill was framed that
particular feature of it must have escaped the
attention of its authors. It surely could not
have been in the contemplation of the framers
of this bill to vest such vast powers as these in
these officers. Here is a "bill embracing twenty-
two pages, covering a great number of sections;
a new law, difficult of construction. It would
require a man of learning and skill properly
to construe this law, and yet by it it is pro-
posed to give to an ignorant man, one who
perhaps cannot read, this immense power, and
allow him to construe this law and the law of
which it is an amendment; and you go further,
and authorize him to say, "Jam to be the
judge of what constitutes a violation of these
two laws; I am also to be the judge of what
constitutes a violation of the laws uf the United
States; I am to know every penal law of the
United States ; I am to know every law which
a man may violate and for which he may be
punished-; I am to understand them and know
.what constitutes a violation of them, and I
have authority to arrest any man for breach
of any law of the United States, without pro-
cess, at the time he comes up to exercise his
right to vote."
Mr. President, is not that going very far in
the direction of the destruction of the consti-
tutional rights of the citizen ; in the direction
of depriving parties not only of the right to
vote, but of the right not to be arrested with-
out due process of law?
Now, sir, under the law to which this is an
amendment this sort of thing has happened,
and it can happen under this bill. Suppose
this state of facta in the city of New York
for instance: there is a Democratic ward or a
Republican ward, and some unscrupulous man,
some partisan, (and he is sure to be a parti-
san,) is appointed deputy marshal. He desires
to stop voting in that ward on the day of elec-
tion. He says, "H«re is an officer conducting
this election whom I suspect of fraudulent con-
duct; I saw him commit it; and therefore I
will arrest him now and take him away before
the United States commissioner." The elec-
tion stops, and the voters at the voting place
are not allowed to vote. The candidates, who-
ever they may be, are deprived of their right
to those votes: and the Republic is deprived
of the right of having a Representative of the
people chosen by them in the Congress of the
United States.
That identical case occurred in the city of
Richmond at the last election held in that city.
While an election was progressing the officer
who was conducting it was arrested by a U nited
States officer, taken away from his post, and
carried before a United States commissioner.
The voting at that place was suspended for
two hours while this officer was being exam-
ined before the United States commissioner
for an alleged offense. When he was arrested
he said, '-Here I am ; I cannot get away: let
me finish this election ; I will give you any bail
you choose for my appearance." But the re-
quest was refused. The voting was stopped ;
the case was examined; and when examined
it was found that there was no ground of
complaint against hira. He was tried and
acquitted. The whole thing was nothing but
a scheme to prevent voting in that particular
ward, so as to prevent that ward from being
counted in the election.
Sir, this is too great a power to be conferred
upon any one. The people who are entitled
to vote ought not to be deprived of that right
for the default of one man or by the will of a
single person. This law ought not to be so •
framed as to deprive one hundred, two hun-
dred, or five hundred, or one thousand people
of the right to vote; but that can be done If
the hill is enacted into a law as it now stands.
It ought to provide that no supervisor ot elec-
tion, no officer conducting an election, no one
whose presence is necessary to an election,
shall be arrested while in actual discharge of
his duties, but that the United States officer
shall wait until the election is over, and then
if the officer of election has been guilty of any
offense arrest him ; but let the election go on.
That feature of this section in addition to the
other one that I have pointed out is so objec-
tionable that I move to strike out the entire
section from the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICE!!, (Mr. Okagix
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia, to strike
out the eighth section of the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I call for
a division on that question.
The question being put there were ayes six.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask for
the yeas and nays. This is an important propo
sitioti.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senator,
