ai2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joist
resolution (H. R. No. 447) to extend the ben-
efit of the act establishing the National Asylum
for<Disabled Volunteer Soldiers to the disabled
gojdiers and sailors of the war of 1812 and the
Mexican war, reported it without amendment.
- He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (II. It. No.
299) in regard to charges of desertion in cases
of soldiers honorably discharged, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was.referred the bill (H. R. No, 2717) to cause
the removal of machinery, arms, and stores
now at the Alleghany arsenal, in the city ©f
Pittsburg, and to sell the remaining property
and appurtenances to the municipal author-
ities of the city of Pittsburg, reported ad-
versely thereon, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1144) for the
relief of the purchasers of lots and houses and
lots sold by virtue of an act of Congress enti-
tled "An act providing for the sale of the
lands, tenements, and water privileges belong-
ing to the United States at and near Harper's
Ferry, in the county of Jefferson, West Vir-
ginia," approved December 10,18G8, reported
it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 536) for the relief
of soldiers who were over the age of forty-five
years when enlisted and of the legahrepresent-
atives of such as died in the service, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1140) for
the relief of Charles Xrichler, of the county
of Adams, Ohio, reported it without amend-
ment,
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. II. No. 299) authorizing the nomina-
tion and appointment of Commander George
A. Stevens, now on the retired list, as a lieu-
tenant commander on the active list, reported
it without amendment.
Mr, PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1198) relating to the reform
school of the District of Columbia, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 555) for the relief of Pitcher & Hay-
ford, and Otis & Ferguson, of Maine, to report
it back adversely; and at the request of the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] I ask that
the bill go upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 457) for the relief of W. S. McCullough,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. It. No. 1896) for the
relief of V< illiumA. Howard, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. II, No. 2282) for the
relief of Isaac Blocher, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bdl (H. R. No. 2396) for the
relief of James J. Hiles, late a private in the
third Missouri cavalry, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 230) for tke
relief of David Braden, x-eported it without
amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPRAGUB, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 266) for the relief of Abraham G. Sny-
der, of the Watervliet arsenal, at West Troy,
New York.- reported it with an amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of S. .E. Ward, pray-
ing to be compensated for supplies furnished
the Indians, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 1273) for the relief of S. E.
Ward.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whoip
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1274) for the
relief of Mrs. Caroline G. Gardner, widow of
Brevet Brigadier General John L. Gardner,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
William _J. Phillips, praying for compensation
for services rendered as assessor of internal
revenue for the second district of Texas, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 1274) for the relief of William J. Phillips.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILLEY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R, No. 2710)
forthe reliefof Mary A. Ripley, have instructed
me to report it back adversely. This is a
House bill, and I understand there is some
difference of opinion about it among Sena-
tors. I ask, therefore, that it may go on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee.
Mr. WILLEY, from the same committee,
to whom was referred the petition of Elizabeth
B. McCormick, praying compensation for losses
alleged to have been sustained by her in con-
sequence of being ejected from certain prop-
erty occupied by her in Washington city, in
January, 1864, by order of the Secretary of
War, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 944) for the relief
of Mrs. Lucy H. Carroll, administratrix of
George W. Carroll, deceased, late of Conway
county, Arkansas, and Mrs. Hibernia Arm-
strong, of the same county and State, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon, and moved
the indefinite postponement of the bill.
The bill was indefinitely postponed, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY, from the sama committee,
to whom was referred the petition of Elkanah
Huddleston, praying for compensation for
services rendered as second lieutenant from
August 10, 1802, to January 13, 1803, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1006)
to authorize the people of New Mexico to
form a constitution and State government pre-
vious to their admission into the Union as a
State, with the name of Lincoln, on an equal
footing with the original States, have instructed
me to report it back favorably, with amend-
ments. I desire to have it printed as amended,
with the accompanying statement. •
'ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed with the amendments of the commit-
tee under the rule. The accompanying state-
ment will be printed if there be no objection.
The Chair hears none, and it is so ordered.
Mr. NYE. Tho same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1146) to enable
the people of Colorado to form a constitution
and State government, and for the admission
of said State into the Union on an equal foot-
ing with the original States, report it without
amendment. ^ I move that the accompanying
papers be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 784) granting a pension to Jane Fairshaw,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill _(H. R. No. 2312) granting a pension to
Matilda Sullivan, to report thatall the evidence
we cat} obtain is so vagne and indefinite touch-
ing the circumstances of the death of the
soldier named that we are unable to report in
favor of the bill. I therefore report against
it; butl will ask that it be put on the Calendar,
so that if further information be obtained it
may be recommitted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho bill will
be placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
petition of Mary D. Anderson, praying for
arrears of pension claimed to be due to her
mother on account of the services of her father
in the war of 1812, in the Navy, to report
adversely upou the petition, on the ground
that the committee decline to review the dis-
puted evidence in the Department touching
the services of this man, under circumstances
which are set forth in the papers. I move
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Harriet W. Pond, praying to be remunerated
for money expended and services rendered by
her during the late war in taking care of sick
and wounded soldiers, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration ; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1907) for the
reliefof B. Raff, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
_Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 2689) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for theyear ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes, reported it without amend-
ment.
_ Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Charles L. Thompson, guardian of the minor
children of William S. Thompson, deceased,
late engineer on the iron-clad Atlanta, pray-
ing for the allowance of a pension to his wards,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of George
W. Hall and others, owners of the bark A, J,
of Providence, Rhode Island, praying indem-
nification for losses sustained by the improper
seizure of that vessel at Philadelphia, on the
18th of December, 1863, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1275) for the
relief of the owners of the bark A, 1.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
ship nightingale.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
A flairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2002) for the relief of the officers and
crew of the ship Nightingale, have had the
same under consideration, and have instructed
me to_ report a joint resolution on the subject.
As this is intended simply to correct an error
in the legislation of the last session, I hope
there will be no oty'ectiou to its passage now,
