1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SIS
and I will stale the facts in a moment. This
bill passed the House of Representatives at the
last session, came to the Senate, and the Sec-
retary of tlie Senate, or some one of theclerks,
made a mistake and certified the passage of
the bill back to the House, and it was signed
by the Speaker, by the Vice President, and by
the President of the United States, and now
appears 011 the statute-book as a lav/, when in
fact it never passed the Sena,t,e at all. But the
committee have investigated this subject, and
find, in their judgment, t.hat the bill is correct,
and they have therefore reported a joint reso-
lution reciting the circumstances.
It recites hi its preamble that an act for
the relief of the officers and crew of the
ship Nightingale passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, was certified by the Secretary of
the Senate a? having passed the Senate, was
signed by the President of the Senate and
Speaker of the House of Representatives and
by the President of the United States, and
appears on the statutes as a law properly
passed and approved June 1, 1870, when in
reality it never did pass the Senate, and its
passage does not appear on the Journal. To
remedy this error it is proposed to resolve
that the act so published as passed and
approved is hereby made valid, to all intents
and purposes, as if it had passed the Senate,
but no other or greater payment shall be
made by virtue of this joint resolution than
that authorized by the published act.
Mr. CRAGIN. Now let the bill be read,
and everybody will see what it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me suggest to the
Senator from New Hampshire to commence
now and adopt the reform suggested by the
Senator from Massachusetts the other day,
and do this by an act. It is an act. If we
abandon this joint resolution mode of doing
business it will be simpler in the statutes.
There is nothing gained by it. We can pass
an act just as quick as a joint resolution.
Mr. CRAGIN. It would be very difficult
to do this by an act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely suggest it to
the Senator.
Mr. CRAGIN. We might pass the bill as
it came from the House of Representatives, I
suppose, and it would be a law, and we should
have two laws on the statute-book just alike.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You will have a joint
resolution, and that is a law.
Mr. CRAGIN, Let the bill he read.
The Secretary read the bill (H. II. No. 2002)
for the relief of the officers and crew of the
ship Nightingale, as follows:
l'hdt the Secretary of tbo Treasury is hereby au-
thorized and directed to pay, irom any money in
tile Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Abel
Tomsen, Thomas Oreastte. James Hopper. Severrin
H.iaveri-nn. John Peter Force. and James Hender-
son S72 -111 each, and to Henry J. (x. WtchelH ^41 GG,
in full for their scrvice^ on board the ship Nightin-
gale, in her late voyage from Liverpool to the coast
of Africa.
Sec. 2. And be it fmfher cancted. That chapter
forty-one of the laws of Congress p-issed February 19,
1S63, be. and the same is hereby, amended by strik-
ing out the name "Brent" and inserting "Brand."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the service?
What are the facts?
Mr. CRAGIN. The facts are that these men
served as seamen on the ship Nightingale. It
went upon a piratical expedition, was seized,
brought to New York, and condemnedasprize ;
and some twelve or fifteen thousand dollars
were paid into the United States Treasury as
prize-money. These men were detained as
witnesses. The proof is that they shipped in
good fiiith, tu.d being detained as witnesses,
were the only ones that did not lcceive their
pay: all the other members of the crew were
paid. The district attorney and the marshal
have recommended that these men be paid.
The sum is very small.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How did the court divide
the prize-money without allowing them their
share?
Mr. CRAGIN. Because they were not pres-
ent to receive it. They were away. That is the
reason.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There must be some mis-
take about that.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is a report accom-
panying these papers from the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Courts of prize out of
the city of New York certainly, and I guess
there, do not make their judgments depend
upon whether the suitor happeus to be pres-
ent or not. If these people were entitled to
prize 
Mr. CRAGIN. This bill simply gives them
their wages as seamen. There is no prize
about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Against a public ship ?
Mr. CRAGIN. The ship was condemned ;
but they shipped at so much per month as sea-
men, and they never received their pay. This
bill gives them their pay. It is eminently just;
but if it is to lead to discussion I will not
press it.
The joint resolution correcting an error in
the'passage of an act entitled "An act for the
relief of the officers and crew of the ship
Nightingale," approved June 1, 1870, was read
twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The yi.CE PRESIDENT. Unless objected
to, the joint resolution is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole. The Chair will
state that there is no parliamentary objection
to having an act with a preamble any more than
a joint resolution with a preamble ; and if there
be no objection this resolution will be changed
o a bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask that the bill or
joint resolution be reported.
The Chief Clerk again read the joint reso-
lution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I merely wished to
inquire whether that is in fact a joint resolu-
tion or an act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is an act as
it is now changed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 thought it was a
joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed ; and its title was amended so
as to read: "A bill (S. No. 1272) tocorrectan
error in the passage of an act entitled 'An act
for the relief of the officers and crew of the
ship Nightingale,' " approved June 1, 1870.
CAPTAIN AVILLIAM 0, SIDES.
Mr. ABBOTT. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 337) for the relief of Cap-
tain William O. Sides, have instructed me to
report it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage : and I ask for its immediate
consideration. Captain Sides was an officer
in the Army, and resigned on the 27th of July,
18G4 : but by request, owing to the necessity
of having some one to take care of the stores
in his charge, he remained until the 27th of
August; and for that service he asks for one
month's pay. I presume there^ will be no
objection to its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It directs the pay-
ment of $140 to Captain William 0. Sides, as
a captain in command of a detachment of the
Veteran Reserve corps, stationed at Hampton
hospital, in the Slate of Virginia, and in charge
of stores at that place, in the months of July
and August, 1801. after his resignation hod
been accepted, and previous to his being re- (
lieved from duty and from the charge of the ||
property which had been committed to his ;j
care. ij
The joint resolution wasreported to the Sen- I,
ate without amendment, ordered to a third j;
reading, read the third time, and passed. li
K. E. BE RUSSY.
Mr. ABBOTT. I am also directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. li. No. 280)
to close the accounts of li. E. De Russy, late
colonel corps of engineers, to report it back
without amendment, and to recommend its
passage. This is a resolution simply to:close
the accounts of Colonel De Russy, who entered
the service about the year 1812, was breveted
at Plattsburg in 1814, and disbursed millions
of money in the fulfillment of his duties. There
is a discrepancy in the accounts of $451 01.
This would have been settled in the Third
Auditor's office if the bill which authorized the
settlement of such accounts had comprehended
the period before the war as well as the period
during the war. This resolution simply pro-
poses to close those accounts, and I ask for
its immediate consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report in that
case?
Mr. ABBOTT. No: but a full statement
of the account by the Third Auditor is with
the papers. It is long, covering several pages.
I have examined it. The reason for the pas-
sage of this resolution is that his wife, who is
left in somewhat destitute circumstances with
children, is unable to draw the last months of
his pay until the account is closed. The Sen-
ator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] introduced the
joint resolution.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. In order to close
the accounts for disbursements of R. E. De
Russy, late colonel corps of engineers, the
joint resolution directs the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to allow and credit
him the sum of $451 01, amount of debit items
found by them in settlement of his accounts,
per statement of differences, dated Treasury
Department, Third Auditor's office, October
25, 1869.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ST. MARK'S CUSTOU-IIOUSE.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
It. No. 0C6) to authorize the removal of the
custom-house from St. Mark's to Cedar Keys,
Florida, have instructed me to report it back
and to ask for its present consideration. The
bill has passed the House, and it is favorably
recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. He believes its passage will be for the
interest of the revenue service, and I ask that
it be disposed of at once.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides for the removal of
the port of entry of the collection district of
St. Mark's, in the State of Florida., from the
town of St. Mark's to the town of Cedar Keys,
in that district.
The bill was reported to tbe Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MEN03I0NEE LANDS.
Mr. HARLAN. I submit the following
report from a conference committee :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tbo amendments of the
House to the bill(S. No.849} to authorize the sale of
certain lands reserved for the use of the Mcnornonee
tribe of Indians in the Stato of Wisconsin, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Hon,-cs as follows:
Tnat tbo Senate agree to ttio jn^r, poeonu, aii<i
third aiuemlnicnts of the House.
That the House recede irom its fourth arncnu-
ment" JAMES TIAR1AJT,
TIMOTHY O. HO,,rE,
Managers on the pent of the Senate.
AARON A. SARGENT,
JAMES B. BECK,
Managers on the part of the House*
The report was concurred in.
