814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30.
BILLS INTKODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1276) to authorize the construction and
use.of a horse-railway upon and over the island
of Bock Island, State of Illinois, and the
bridges erected and being erected by the Uni-
ted States connecting the cities of Davenport
and Rock Island therewith; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1277) amending an act entitled
An act directing the oonveyauce of a lot of
ground for the use of the public schools of
the city of Washington;" which was read
twice by its title, referred to the, Committee
on the District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1278) to confirm certain bona fi.de titles;
■which was read twice-by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, mid ordered
to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1279) to extend the jurisdiction of the United
States district court for the southern district
of Florida; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1280)
to change the name of the steamboat R. L.
Maybee to that of Florida; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked,and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 303) for the relief of the
American Board of Commissioners of Foreign
Missions; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
BUSINESS OF COMMITTEE ON COMMENCE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask for the con-
sideration of the resolution which I offered the
other day, assigning a time for the considera-
tion of business of the Committee on Com-
ni6?c@
The' VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan asks that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the resolution mentioned
by him.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, That Friday next, after the morning
hour, be set apart for the consideration of the bills
on the Calendar reported from the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that Friday
has been already set apart for another purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. What purpose ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. To consider bills from
the Committee on Public Lands and the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will change it
to Thursday.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropri-
ations have already given notice that they
desire Thursday.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will make it
Wednesday. I am not very particular ; but I
want a day.
Mr. COLE. Wednesday is also desired by
the Committee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What day does
the Senator from Michigan suggest?
^Ir. POMEROY. lie had better say next
Monday.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I will say
next Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the resolution as modified in that shape?
The Chair hears none; and the resolution is
agreed t'o/assigning neict Monday for b'usiness
of the Commit® on Com bto.
ALBERT IT. GRAY.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
take up for consideration Senate bill No. 1243,
for the relief of Albert W. Gray, which will
give rise, as I think, to 110 debate and to no
objection whatever.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 1243) for the relief of Albert W. Gray was
read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that
Albert W. Gray have leave to make a new
application to the Commissioner of Patents
for the extension of the letters-patent granted
to him for an improvement in horse powers,
on the 9th day ot September, 18-5S, and after-
ward reissued on the 1st day of July, 1802.
The Commissioner is to consider and determ-
ine the application in the same manner and
with the same effect as if it were an original
application for such extension, and as if no
application therefor hadbeeu heretofore made.
But any such extension of such patent shall
not. affect, the lights to continue to use such
improvement in horse-powers of any per-
son who, since the expiration of the original
patent and prior to the approval of the act,
may have procured and at the time of such
approval shall be using the improvement.
Mr. W1LLEY. 1 offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Ahdprovided further, That all persons who, in good
faith, invested their capital in the manufacture of
s.iid improvement so patented as aforesaid, subse-
quent to the expiration of said letters-patent ,ind
prior to the approval of this act, anil who at the lime
of said approval shall be engaged in the manufac-
ture thereof, may, without liability to said dray,
his heirs, oxecutors, administrators, or assigns, con-
tinue to manufacture and sell their said inanufac-
] tare thereof.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; was read the third time, and passed.
INGERSOU. AND GRANGER.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 202, referring a certain
claim to the Court ot' Claims. It will not
involve any debate.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 202) referring the claim
of Isaac W. Ingersolland Joseph Granger, for
damages under a contract for building a marine
hospital at Detroit, Michigan, to the Court of
Claims was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. The claim
of Isaac W. Ingersoll and Joseph Granger
against the United States, for extra compen-
sation and damages on account of extra work
and materials performed and furnished under
a contract for building a marine hospital at
the city of Detroit, bearing date the 18th day
of July, 1853, is by the resolution referred to
the Court of Claims for adjudication, and the
court to hear and determine the same accord-
ing to its rules and practice.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RESIGNATION OF JUDGES.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of House bill No. 1005, which I think
will lead to no debate. It is a bill to authorize
the President to accept the resignation of
judges of United States courts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires only
a majority at this time, the morning business
having concluded.
Mr. HOWE. 1 shall not make any objection
to that, but I do not want, it settled that the
morning business is concluded, because I hold
in my hand a resolution that I wish to offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Sen-
| ator is entitled to the floor in preference to his
: colleague.
Mr. jiOWE, No ; I shall not interfere with
this ttffcftion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Carpexteu.]
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (EI.
R. No. 1605) to authorize the President io
accept the resignation of judges of any court
of the United States was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with amendments.
The amendments of the committee were in
line five, after the words " United States," to
strike out the words "who shall have held
his commission as such for not less than ten
years ;i: and at the end of line twelve to insert
"unless such judge shall accept some office of
profit under the United States, or any State, in
which event such salary shill cease so that
if amended as proposed the bill would read:
lie it enacted, &c., That the President is hereby
authorized and empowered touceept the resignation
of a.ny jud^eof any court of the United States, when-
ever satisfactory proof shall belaid before him tint
whose resignation shall be so accepted shall tliei .
after, durin? the residue of his natural lite, veceh c
the same salary which was by la,w payable to him at
the time of his resignation, unless such judge shall
accept some office of profit under the United States,
or any State; in. which event such salary shall cease :
Provided further. That nothing in this act, 01- iri anv
othcr act contained, shall be authorized to extend
to any judge other than a judge the tenure of whoNC
office is during good behavior.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, at a recent
session, Congress did itself the very tardy-
honor of providing proper pensions forjudges
who had long served the country, and by reason
of their very poverty had not accumulated
money to support their advanced years. There
were cases in the history of our judiciary that
I think were discreditable to the legislative
power of this country that they ever should
have existed, and that the upright, the able, the
venerable men who had adorned the benches
of the courts of the United States should ever
have been suffered, or that th ir families at then-
death have been suffered, to come to want mnl
inconvenience, to which the potty salaries ^iven
by the Government had exposed them. There-
fore, sir, I was particularly j^'ad when, a year
or two ago, provision was made for those judges
who, by a long period of service to the coun-
try, had, in the nature of things, become inca-
pacitated for further exertion and lvcpivid
that meed, that grateful recognition from the
country, whom they had served faithfully, that
a bill passed by Congress provided that they
should continue to receive the same salary in
their old age, in their period of infirmity, that
they had received in the meridian of their pow-
ers, when they were devoting themselves to the
public service. Such an act, I say, was but an
act of common honesty and an act of grateful
recognition for public services——
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware will please suspend. The
morning hour lias expired, and the unfinished
business of Friday last is before the Senate,
being the bill (S. No. 298) to relieve mem-
bers ot' Congress from importunity, and to
presetve the independence of the different
Departments of the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I gave notice 
Mr. IIOWE. I wish to offer a resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield for morning business?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
BUSINESS OF COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS,
Mr. IIOWE submitted the fol]ov ring resolu*
tion j which was considered by unanimous con-
sent. and agreed to:
Itesolved, That Tuesday, Febrnan* 7, 1 >e pot apart
for the consideration of bill-? and rejiorU Irom the
Committee on Claims.
POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. RAMSEY., I move that Saturday next
be set apart for the consideration of the bdl
(H. R. No. 22!Jo) to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to the Pbst Otfic'o
