208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
SEHATB. ,
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Hamilton.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
■ftisli to bring in question either the patriotism
or -frisdcim of those who differ with me upon
these questions; yet the conclusion cannot be
avbided that those who support this policy
must meditate a fundamental change in our
institutions.
And now, Mr. President, under what grant
in the Constitution of the United States is it
claimed to exercise the power to enact such a
law as is now proposed by this bill? I have
carefully examined every provision of it; I
have read carefully every section in it; and
after doing this I come back to the inquiry,
under what power in the Constitution are we
authorized to pass this bill ? You assert by it
the right to supervise elections in towns and
cities having more than twenty thousand in-
habitants. The same assertion of right in this
respect will carry the same system, if Con-
gress deems it advisable, all over the land ; will
carry it into our counties, townships, wards,
and small precincts, wherever the people may
be assembled, however remote from the great
centers of power and wealth, to discharge the
duties of electors, and there place supervisors,
marshals, and deputy marshals, and their aids
and assistants, to superintend the electors
in their conduct, and the officers selected by
the State to conduct elections, and clothed
with the sovereign power of the State, in the
discharge of their duty.
Where do you get, I again ask, the power
for such an extraordinary exercise of author-
ity ? There are lawyers in this body of great
ability and of high legal attainment; they pro-
fess and no doubt have a thorough knowledge
of the Constitution of the United States; they
have studied the commentaries of Story and
the lectures of Kent, and are familiar with the
letters in the Federalist and the contempora-
neous debates in the conventions that ratified
the Constitution; they are not ignorant, but
they know what they do, the full light of knowl-
edge is shining upon and around them, and I
put, it to those gentlemen, honorable Senators
and men learned in the law, to tell us under
what clause in the Constitution they undertake
to exercise this more than regal power ovei-
the people in the States. Mr. President, the
pretext,, and the only pretext to claim this
power, is under the fourth section of the first
article of the Constitution. It is as follows :
"The times, places, ahd manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by tlioLegislature thereof; but
tlic Congress may at any timo by law make or alter
such regulations except as to the places of choosing
Senators."
I acknowledge that by virtue of this clause
Congress has power to do certain things—
those things prescribed in it and as prescribed.
Not anything beyond or besides. The States
primarily have the right to make these regula-
tions respecting elections; in fact, the words
of the clause "shall be prescribed" are man-
datory u[ion the States so to do, but whether
done or not, by the States Congress has the
power at any time to make or alter such regu-
lations, except as to the place of choosing
Senators. Congress possesses the power to
make regulations where they arc not provided
or alter such as are already made by the
States. AH this I concede. In discussing
this question I do not wish to detract from a
single power granted by the Constitution to
Congress, but am disposed rather to be liberal,
in order to see whether there is a single justi-
fication for this monstrous proposition or meas-
ure. Mr. President, it is not disputed—it is
admitted by the provisions of the bill—that all
the States have made the regulations as pre-
scribed by this clause for the election of Rep-
resentatives to Congress. There is not any
one State derelict in this respect; and all have
Representatives here elected under regulations
made by them, and without the intervention
of this Government.
Congress, as I just said, possesses the power
to change these regulations by making others;
and nothing more can Congress do respecting
elections. But does this power to do what is
prescribed in this clause confer upon Congress
the power to pass this bill! Read the nine-
teen sections contained in this bill; there is
not one section proposing an alteration of the
regulations now established by the States, ex-
cept the last one, which directs only that votes
cast for members of the House of Represent-
atives shall be by ballot, and this affects prob-
ably but one State, the State of Kentucky, which
still continues the*practice of voting viva voce.
But, Mr. President, allow me to call your
attention specially to the elements which go
to make up the question that is to determine
the constitutionality of this bill: "The times,
places, and manner of holding elections" is
the true and only subject of legislation for
Congress.
We understand the meaning of " time," we
understand the meaning of " place," they are
fixed in their signification and cannot be mis-
construed or perverted ; but what is meant by
the word "manner," and with what power
does this simple word invest Congress? for it
is Upon this word, and this word only, that
this measure is at all pretended to be justified.
In construing an instrument like the Con-
stitution, and in giving meaning and effect to
its language, we should always, if we desire to
understand it at all, take that language as
it was commonly used and understood. That
instrument was made in good faith, by men
who understood the use of language, intending
nothing in a double sense, who understood
what objects they had accomplished, who made
it for the people, to be submitted to the peo-
ple, to be understood by the people, and by
them in their several States to be adopted, or,
rather, ratified. Therefore it is our duty, in
the interpretation of a word or construction of
a terra in the Constitution which all under-
stood in its common meaning and use at the
time, to continue to give to it the same mean-
ing and use. Now, what is the meaning of
"manner," the "manner of holding elec-
tions?" Does this go to the substance of
things, or is it only the mode of holding elec-
tions? Its real meaning is this: a mode of
action, a method in action, not the action
itself. The election is in itself one thing, the
holding of it another, and the manner or mode
of holding it another; the latter is the form-
alism of the preceding substantive things.
Unquestionably it means something, or it
would not have been used 1 Does it go to the
qualification of electors? Not so, for they are
fixed by the Constitution.
There are many things in the holding of
elections to which it may be applied without
departing at all from its common meaning and
signification, and at the game time give full
effect to it, as much so, I venture to affirm,
as was ever contemplated by the framers of
the Constitution. Congress may, under this
power, prescribe how the votes shall be re-
ceived for Representatives, whether by ballot
ox viva voce; how they shall be counted or can-
vassed, how they shall be returned, and how
certified; authorize the kind of ballot-boxes
to be used, and such like things connected
with the " holding" of the election. Nothing
more could have been intended, else why use
time and place in connection with manner ; for
if manner has the comprehensive meaning
claimed for it, it would have embraced both
time and place? Besides, if the framers of the
Constitution had contemplated ageneral power
of conducting and regulating election, they
would have used no such word of restricted
and formal meaning. One simple expression
of power, and in language used in the Consti-
tution in reference to other subjects, would
have settled this whole Constitution. If such
a power as this was there, "Congress shall
have power to provide for the election of mem-
bers of the House of Representatives," then
there would,have been a grant of some general
power; but in not doing this, when especially it
was present to their minds, we must conclude
that the word " manner" was to be used in its
restricted, and indeed in its most restricted,
sense.
Therefore, in toy judgment, it is but the
formula that gathers around the ballot-box to
receive, protect, canvass, and certify the vote.
It is but the collection of the popular will in
the ballot-box and the declaration of it. It has
nothing to do with that popular will; nothing
to do with the qualification of electors; nothing
to do with the electors themselves; they belong
to the State; they are the electors of the State
and not of the United States, and are subject
to the laws of the State. The States, Mr.
President, are as much interested in the
suppression of crime in the election of their
Representatives to Congress as they are in the
election of their own State officers; nay, more
so, if possible, for as the duties of the former
are both local and general, and most responsible
in their relations to other portions of the coun-
try, they would be more earnest in securing pure
and independent Representatives. I therefore
utterly deny that the Congress of the United
States can, under this little word "manner,"
go into my State and prescribe rnles of con-
duct personal to the electors there; impose
penalties upon them, either by fine or impris-
onment, or both, and, more than all, place the
free electors of the State in possession of the
Federal authorities and within the jurisdiction
of the Federal courts. You can fix the time,
you can fix the place, you may fix the " man-
ner of holding the election ;" but the elector
is a citizen of the State and an elector of the
State, and you have no right to wrest him from
the jurisdiction of his State and put him under
the jurisdiction of the Federal Government.
ill-. President, everything is penal; our whole
system of legislation is penal. There is hardly
an act passed prescribing a course of conduct
that is not filled with penal provisions. This
bill is filled with offenses and filled with penal-
ties. Under this word " manner " you under-
take to go behind the qualifications of an
elector; you undertake to surround him with
a barrier of penal law; you undertake to pro-
tect him against "bribery, threats, intimida-
tion, menaces, force, rewards, promises and
yet, after all, he is not your elector, but an
elector of the State, and you only have the
right to receive his will in the shape of a ballot
when he comes prepared to cast it, if he is
entitled to have it cast under the qualifications
prescribed by the State.
Further and more important still, under this
word "manner" you undertake to do what?
You undertake by this bill to prescribe the
action and course of conduct of the registrars
and judges of election appointed by State
authority and under the severest penalties, and
you would hold them—officers of the State and
appointed or elected to execute the laws of the
State, and not your laws—responsible to the
Government of the United States and liable
to the penalties imposed by this bill and to be
inflicted in the courts of the United States.
And this simple word "manner" is to embrace
all this! Mighty word, without limit in mean-
ing ! Without limit in use ! No, sir ! This
mere word of formalism and of mode of action
is not to be converted into a declaration of
power more formidable and more comprehen-
sive and more dangerous than any other con-
tained in the Constitution !
But it may be said that Congress ought to
have power to preserve the elector from cor-
ruption and to secure him against intimidation
and force, and that unless Congress has the
power so to do under this clause it has no
