816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
- Mr. WILLIAMS. I ata pretty well satisfied
that if the Georgia question is Opened it will
occupy an indefinite length of time. We have
had coi>Q;dsi5,uie experience on that subject!
and although I recognize the necessity of dis-
posing of that question in some Way, still it
lippears to tng that there are some bther'ques-
tiofls here winch ought to be disposed of for the
purpose of enabling the House to take some
action in reference to them. One is the bill^
which has been set apart for special consider-
ation, to provide for the establishment of a
ibail service between San Francisco and Aus-
tralia ; and I wish to state one or two facts on
that subject.
I know that propositions have been made
by the postmaster general of New Zealand to
enter into an arrangement to assist in the sup-
port of this line, which is dependent upon the
action of Congress at this session. If Con-
gress takes no action for the purpose of estab-
lishing the line, then these propositions fall to
the ground and will fail to get that assistance
which is certainly a very desirable object.
Again, the present mail arrangements by
which the mail is transported from Australia
to England, through the United States and
back again, will terminate in about a month,
and unless some steps are taken by Congress
at this session to provide mail facilities for the
transportation of these mails, other arrange-
ments will be made and the mails will be trans-
ported by another and different line; and the
consequence will be that we shall lose that
support that we would receive to this line if
Congress should take immediate action on this
subject.
These are some of the considerations that
should induce Congress to take action at once
in reference to that particular bill. I have not
given much attention to the other bills on the
suhjectofrna.il steamship lines; but there is
not, as it appears to me, before Congress at
this time any proposition that demands more
eurt'OKt attention than the one to which I refer,
unless we propose now deliberately to aban-
don all hope of establishing a line of com-
munication between the Australian colonies
and the United States, because unless action
is taken at this session of Congress the pro-
posed subsidies which the Australian colonies
will give to maintain the line will be with-
drawn; arrangements will be made with the
Peninsular and Oriental line; the mails that
are now transported through the United States
will cease, as the arrangement is about to term-
inate by which they are so transported, and
they will be conveyed by the Peninsular and
Oriental line; and the whole arrangement of
commercial intercourse between this country
and Australia by means of American steam-
ships'will necessarily be defeated.
1 do not know whether it is altogether proper
to antagonize this special order to the question
of privilege that is presented by the Senator
from Illinois; but as that question has been
pending here two or three years, and these
gentlemen have been waiting that length of
time, it seems to me they might possibly wait
one day longer without any great hardship to
them, and let us dispose of this matter, which
appear.? to me to be one of pressing necessity.
Let it be determined whether Congress pro-
poses to take any action on this subject or not.
If the Senate concludes to pass the bill it
ought to do so at. once, because there is very
little time for action in the House. If they
decide otherwise, then the parties will know
exactly what to do, and will of course abandon
any attempt, to establish this line of steamers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Evidently the discus-
sion that is taking place upon these other bills
is a waste of time, even if it be in order. The
Senator from Oregon, 1 am sure, if he will
reflect, tor one moment, will see the import-
ance of acting on this subject at onco. Here
is a State, the last of the States to be repre-
sented in Congress. It has been unfortunately
, delayed longer than any other, and these gen 
tleraeti are here, not six of them, as the Sen-
ator from Louisiana supposes ; there are only
four who are claiming seats; and it is a ques-
tion that it seems to me the Senator from
Oregon, as well as myself, must consent to
dispose of. Then there will be no reason
why the bill referred to by him, or some other
measure, should hot come up. Perhaps that
would be the first measure to be considered.
But when the Senator says one day will make
no difference he should remember that if this
question of privilege is now passed over, and
the steamship bills taken up and disposed of,
then some other bill will be pressed upon
the Senate in the same way. If this is a ques-
tion of privilege to be decided by the Senate,
let the Senate so decide, and take it up and
dispose of it. I am not going to take time
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was agreed to.
Message froji the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiehson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 479) repealing the joint resolution
approved July 15, 1870, entitled a "Joint res-
olution authorizing the Postmaster General to
adjust the accounts of George Chorpenning,"
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
amendment to an appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (IJ. li. No.
2615) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment and for fulfilling so-called treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30,1872, and for other purposes ;"
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 246) granting the right of way to the
Pensacola and Barrancas Railroad Company
through the naval and military reservations
near Pensacola, Florida.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 2615) making appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
so-called treaty stipulations with various In-
dians tribes for the year ending June 30, 1872,
and for other purposes, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
indian territory.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States:
To the Senate and House of liepresentatives;
I transmit herewith nn official copy of the pro-
ceedings of the council of Indian tribes held at
Ocmulgee, in December last, which resulted in the
adoption of a declaration of rights and a constitu-
tion for their government, together with a corv of
the report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
and the views of the Secretary of the Interior
thereon.
It would seem highly desirable that the civilized
Indians of the country should be encouraged in
establishing for themselves forms of territorial gov-
ernment compatible with the Constitution of the
United States and with the previous cu-stom toward
communities lying outside of State limits.
I concur in the views expressed by the Secretary
of the Interior, rhatit would not be advisable to
receive the new Territory with the constitution pre-
cisely as it is now framed. As long as a territorial
form of government is preserved Congress should
hold the power of approving or disapproving of all
legislative action of the Territory; and the Executive
should, with "the advice and consent of the Senate,"
havo the power to appoint the Governor and judicial
officers (and possibly some others) of the Territory.
This is tho first indication of the aborigines desir-
ing to adopt our form of government, and it is highly
desirable that they becoma self-sustaining,self-i ely-
ing. Christianized, and civilized. If successful in this,
their first attempt at territorial government, we may
hope for a gradual concentration of other Indians in
the new Temtory. I therefore recoi-imend as close
an adherence to their wishes as is consistent with
safety.
It might bo well to limit the appointment of all
territorial officials appointed by the Executive to
native citizens of the Territory. If any exception is
made to this rule. I would recommend that it should
be limited to the judiciary.
It is confidently hoped that, tho policy now beinir
pursued toward the Indian will fit him for self-gov-
ernment and make him desire tosettle among people
of his own race, where he can enjoy the full privi-
leges of civil and enlightened government.
U. S. GItAST.
Executive Mansion, January 31), 1871.
The papers and documents accompanying the copy
of this message are sent to the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the message
and accompanying documents be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The President
states in the message that the accompanying
documents have been transmitted to the House
of Representatives, where they will be ordered
to be pfinted. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Iowa, that the message be
printed and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
senators from georgia.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report
of the Committee on the Judiciary on the cre-
dentials of the persons claiming to be Senators-
elect from the State of Georgia.
The resolution reported by the committee
was read, as follows:
liesoloed, That Joshua Hill has been duly elected
Senator of the United States by the Legislature of
tho State of Georgia, and is entitled to take his se.it
on taking the oaths require! by the Constitution
and Jaws.
Mr. POMERQY. What do you do with the
other one?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us dispose of one
case first. We cannot pass upon two things
at the same time. Of course each case will
have to be decided separately.
Now, Mr. President, if I can get the atten-
tion of the Senate, I shall endeavor to state
what the facts are in regard to the election of
these Senators, and I shall try to do it impar-
tially. I believe there is no disagreement in
the committee as to the facts, while there is
some disagreement as to results, five of the
committee concurring in the resolution which
has just been read and two of the committee
dissenting.
In April, 1868, Georgia, underthereconstnic-
tion acts which had been previously passed,
adopted a constitution and elected members
of a Legislature and a Governor. The recon-
struction of Georgia was not different front
that of any other of the late rebel States
down to that period. All of them bad taken
action, elected conventions, formed constitu-
tions, and submitted them to the people under
the same law; and in April, 1808, the people
of Georgia voted upon the constitution which
had been submitted to them, and ratified it, at
the same time electing a Governor and a Legis-
lature.
In June, 1808, the Congress of the United
States, in order to complete this reorganiza-
tion of several States, passed a law which was
applicable to several of them, which will he
found in the report of the committee. All the
reconstruction acts are there published, s® that
they may be convenient for reference, and the
act to which I refer will be found at the bot-
tom of page 13. It was passed on the 25th of
June, 18(38. That act proceeded to recite
that—
" V(hcrea3 the people of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Ueorgia, Alabama, and j;iJ^. -
Ida have, in pursuance of the provi&ious of an ;u t.
entitled 'An act tor the more efficient government
of the rebel States,' passed March 2, 186/. and tho
acts supplementary thereto, trained constitutions of
State government which are republican, and have
adopted said constitutions by large majorities of the
votes cast at the election* hold for the ratiticatiun
orrejection of the same: Therefore.
4 ''Beit ena'-tedby the Senate and lloaie of Representa-
of the United State* of America in Congrei? awei/)-
bled, That each of the States of iSbrth Carolina, South
