1642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
my experience I have generally found that
they were reliable as supporters of the law and
of the Constitution. But here is a provision
which, not for the first time I regret to say in
this Senate, but for the second time, gives me
great and serious pause in the opinion which I
have held of ray professional brethren. They
■who, more than any others, are bound by obli-
gations solemn, peculiar, by the habits of their
life, by the means whereby they live, to have
respect for the established principles of per-
sonal liberty and personal rights, which they
well understand—I will not say which they
should understand, but which they do under-
stand—have brought in here a provision that
is a most extraordinary outrage upon them all.
Sir, I shall ask the men in this Senate who
still feel themselves capable of exercising a free
judgment and giving a free vote upon this bill
to consider awhile with me the propriety, and,
indeed, the necessity, of modifyingthis provis-
ion before leaving it in the bill, so as to divest
it of some of the enormous features which
have been pointed out and of which there is no
denial, mark you, Mr. President. I call the
country to witness that of the many gentlemen
who are voting here upon this floor in favor of
ihis provision, including the gentlemen of the
Judiciary Committee who reported it, not one
has ventured to say a word for it. In silence
they sit here, only when they break it by their
votes, to keep in this bill a provision brought
here, as it seems to me, in defiance of every
principle of justice, of fair play, of good will
among men, and of all sound ideas of govern-
ment.
Now, sir, is there any possible objection,
I appeal to Senators, to so amending this
provision that a man shall not be liable for
refusing to assist a marshal unless while the
marshal is engaged in a lawful duty'? Can
there be any argument against so amending
the provision that before you or I, Mr. Presi-
dent, conld be made liable under it for refus-
ing to aid one of these officers it shall first be
shown that he was engaged in a lawful arrest?
Is there anything uufair in that? Is there
anything but what is eminently fair ?
Mr. President, oat of no personal vanity,
but speaking, as I think, 111 a very great cause
to intelligent men, I should be gratified if I
could obtain the attention of Senators, or that
I might be allowed to use such feeble voice
as I have without its being drowned, so as
to reach the Senators who do wish to listen
to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will
please suspend conversation.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no wish ever to
trespass upon the indulgence of the Senate,
and I have no concern with the conversation
of gentlemen so long as it permits me to hear
Hiyself, to say nothing of others listening.
Now, sir, I propose, in the interest of no
party, in the interests of no special purpose,
but in the interests of justice, of freedom, of
humanity, by one little word, so to amend this
section that it shall not be capable of being
wrested to the enormous purposes that I have
described and that others have described on
this floor better thai^j, I propose to insert on
line twenty-seven of page 13, before the word
" performance " the word " lawfulso that
it shall read, "in the lawful performance of
his or their duty."
There can be no just party object to be sub-
served by refusing this amendment; and any
one can see that such an amendment is most
essential to prevent the frightful abuses of this
provision, under the excitement that surrounds
the polls at contested elections. I trust that
there will'be no objection to inserting the word
"lawful" before "performance;" so that it
shall read;
Or shall refuse or neglect to aid and assist any
supervisor of election, or the marshal or his genera}
or special deputies, or either of them, in the lawful
performance of his or their duties when required by
hita or tham.
The result of the section will be this; that
where the arrest is made upon process which
is presumably lawful, that would be a case
where the by-standers would be required to
assist; and where the arrest is made without
process, then the by-standers has a right to
decline to assist when called upon, subject to
the marshal being obliged to show that the
arrest he was making, or attempting to make,
was lawful. That is undoubtedly the correct
interpretation.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from
California yield to me that I may make a sug-
gestion to him ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I have not given very
much attention to the language of this section,
to which the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia has directed his remarks, but I should
like to inquire of him how it is that the word
"lawful" before the word "performance" can
possibly add any security or any further legal
quality to the expression which is contained in
the bill. How can a man be in the perform-
ance of his duty and still be performing an
unlawful act?
Mr. CASSERLY. There are certain duties
imposed upon the marshal by this act. The
performance of them is also imposed upon the
marshal by the act. Now, the Senator from
Michigan thinks that those words of themselves
are sufficient without the insertion of the word
"lawful" to qualify the word "performance."
Mr. HOWARD. I do.
Mr. CASSERLY. In the fifcst place I fake
it for granted that where there is a fair ease
for doubt and the question concerns the arrest
of innocent men, we are called upon to resolve
the doubt in favor of the innocent. In other
words, it is improper for us, for the sake of
one word to be put in or left out, to leave any
question of that kind to the damage and the
molestation of innocent persons. That is my
first answer to the Senator from Michigan.
In the next place, I do not read the language
as he does. When we say the performance of
a man's duties, we mean any action of his
which looks in the direction of performing the
obligations laid upon him. Now, whether a
man is guilty or not guilty whom a marshal
seeks to arrest, in either case, if the marshal
has, or thinks he has. just ground for the arrest,
he has a duty to perform, and that is to arrest
him; and he is engaged in the performance of
his duty; and yet, sir, especially in a case
where the arrest is made, not upon view nor
with process, many instances must arise where
you ought not to compel an innocent bystander
who has committed no offense whatever to
determine at his own risk, in a moment,
whether he will give his assistance to the
marshal. You ought not thus to compel him,
because, if the marshal is in the wrong, the
bystander aiding him is in the wrong and is
liable to an action for trespass in attempting
to cooperate with the officer.
Then, sir, the language "the performance
ef his or their duties" is not sufficient. It
should be " lawful performance so that, if
the bystanders on being summoned should
refuse or omit to respond, and should after-
ward be questioned before the magistrates or
the courts of law, the marshal would be
obliged to make out that this performance
of his duties was a lawful performance. The
words " performance of duty" are too barren,
too narrow, to be capable of the construction
which the Senator from Michigan gives to
them ; and even if he were right, there is at
least room for fair doubt, for honest question
about it; and if there is, why not, as I said,
insert this word for the protection of persons
entirely innocent of any offense against the
law, either in thought or deed?
I think, sir, in a bill as harsh as this, where
pains and penalties are so abundant, it would
not be too much to ask that there should" be
thrown somewhere in it some little flower of
mercy. In all this barren waste of terrors
and of vindictive and odious pains, penalties,
crimes, and prosecutions, let us have one little
glimpse of human justice, of human liberty,
of Christian humanity, and charity.
Whether the word "lawful" be inserted or
not, I shall follow up that amendment by pro-
posing another, and that is, to insert after the
word "shall," on the twenty-fifth line, the
word "willfully," so as to *ead, "or shall
willfully refuse or neglect to aid and assist any
supervisor." My first amendment is to insert
the word "lawful" before "performance;"
so that no one shall be arraigned or brought
in question except for refusing to aid the mar-
shal in making or attempting to make a lawful
arrest. Why, sir, that very phrase suggests,
I think, to the Senator from Michigan, thai
his view most be wrong. In one sense of th<-
law undoubtedly an arrest which is not lawful
is no arrest, because it is a void arrest. We
see that every day in common phraseology in
the books and in arguments, and yet we know
that it is a very substantial fact nevertheless.
So it might be perfectly true to say in one
sense that a marshal arresting an innocent
man was not in the performance of his duty
because he had no such duty laid upon him,
and the performance of the act was a null
and void performance; but nevertheless the
act itself and the performance of it are very
substantial things. It is putting entirely too
fine a point upon it, I suggest to the Senator
from Michigan, to gay that, because we find
here fee words "performance of his or their
duties," we are under no requirement to insert
the word " lawful" for the protection of inno-
cent persons. I do trust the amendment will
be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
California moves to amend the tenth section
by inserting the word "lawful" before the
word "performance."
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary to
read the provision as it will stand if this amend-
ment be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read this part of the section as it will stand
if amended as proposed.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
that portion of the section will read:
Or shall threaten, or attempt, or offer so to do, or
shall refuse or neglect to aid and assist any super-
visor of election, or the marshal or his_ general or
special deputies, or either of them, ia the lawt'ul per-
formance of his or their daties when required by
him or them, or either of them, to give such aid and
assistance, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I am as far as
any other Senator from desiring that there
should be a fraudulent election held in any of
the cities of this country. I am as anxious as
any Senator can be or ought to be to prevent
a fraudulent election being held; and*while
gentlemen have been trying to perfect this
measure, I have sat by scrutinizing it, and
some reflections have crossed my mind which
I will present to the Senate for what they are
worth.
Under the power given by the Constitution
to Gongress to make regulations in regard to the
elections of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives it would be competent for the law-
making power, 1 think, to enact that they
should be elected by separate ballots in the
respective States, so as to keep the congres-
sional election distinct from the general State
election; so as not, as is now the case in my
own State, and I believe in the State of New
York, and perhaps in most of the States, to
have the congressional election occurring on
the same day as the State election. Now, it
often happens in a State that the Governor,
the Legislature, and other State officers, judges
of the courts, &c., are chosen ott the same
day with members of Congress. If we had
separate elections for members of Congress,
independent of the elections Of State officers
entirely, it would seem J# fee that there might
be less danger of coqfNot and confusion in our
providing for eupii~risors of such elections
than there WW is to give them these powers
