1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
the floor a moment, I understand now that
there is concurrence in the Senate as to the
matter of asking for a committee of conference
on the Southern Pacific railroad bill. The par-
ties who were not ready for conference this
morning are now ready. There should be a
conference, as the Senate is so much occupied
that it is doubtful whether we can consider the
bill unless it be on the report of a committee
of conference. By unanimous consent we
might all vote for it now, I think. I simply
wish to call op the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the bill to be in charge of the Senator
from Michigan. If he has waived it the Sen-
ator from Kansas will be regarded as having
charge of it.
Mr. POMEROY. No; I only ask it for the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will be agreed
to. We certainly ought'to take action on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas asks consent to consider the South-
ern Pacific railroad bill for the purpose of
non-concurring in the amendments of the
House of Representatives and asking for a
committee of conference. Is there objection?
Mr. BAYARD. I know that the Senator
from Alabama who sits on my left [Mr. War-
-nesi] has expressed a great interest in this
measure.
Mr. STEWART and Mr. POMEROY. He
is here.
Mr. BAYARD. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unanimous eon-
sent is asked for the appointment of a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should rather have that
sahject discussed in the Senate. I think it a
very unfit thing to be disposed of with so small
a Senate as is now present, under any cireum-
C6S
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects, and the bill cannot be taken
up. The question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Virginia to House bill No. 2634,
which is before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary to
report the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment; which
was to insert at the end of the eighth section
the following:
But no offieer whose duty it is to eonduet or aid ip
conducting an election, or without whose presence
the election cannot legally proceed, shall be arrested
under the provisions of this aet while in the aetual
performance of his duty.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, this is
pretty nearly a test amendment. It has been
stated in a variety of ways outside of Congress
that the whole purpose of this legislation was,
not to prevent frauds at elections, was not to
prevsnt violence at elections, was not to secure
freedom of voting to any person or any class
of persons. It has been charged, on the con-
trary, that the purpose of all the legislation of
which this bill is a part was to control, im-
properly and wrongfully, the elections of the
country in the interest of the dominant party
of the country. I say that has been charged
in a variety of ways, with more or less strength,
out of Congress, undoubtedly. Without mean-
ing to express an opinion at this time as to the
truth or untruth of the charge, there is a great
deal in these bills which tends to give color to
it. Indeed I may say that there is scarcely
anything in the bills, not one material provis-
ion, that is calculated to discountenance the
idea or to refute the charge.
Bit here, sir, is an amendment which touches
the precise point. Why does it touch that
point? The amendment provides that dur-
ing the election no officer of election shall be
arrested and removed under your law. What
can be the objection to that? This law, with-
out that provision, renders it in the power of
the Administration party of this country to break
up any election whenever they see fit, aad as
many elections as they see fit, at as many polls
as are necessary in any State. Nothing is easier
than to pick out in the eity of New York those
districts which are most strongly anti-Adminis-
tration. They are perfectly well known. Their
vote ia before the country in a great variety of
printed information. What is easier than for
some scheming demagogue, some man soured
and disappointed in his aspirations, some man
who, after fall trial, his own people have re-
jected, to procure at one hundred or two hun-
dred of the thousand or two thousand polls in
New York the arrest of the election officers in
the very midst of the election and thereby break
it up, defeat the polling there, cause the votes
there already taken to be thrown out, and pre-
vent any more votes from being received that
day? Is there anything easier? It is so easy
that, to use a common phrase, "it is as easy
as lying."
Will men be prevented from resorting to such
means? Why, sir, the State of Arkansas—if
one half that we hear from it be true—is in
precisely that condition where an influential
man has availed himself of powers, most fool-
ishly placed in his hands for one purpose, for
another purpose quite the contrary of what was
intended, to overwhelm his enemies in his own
party and to secure for himself advantages and
elevation which otherwise he never wonld have
attained. So, sir, there is nothing in the idea
that men are not likely to refrain from using
the powers which this bill will place in their
hanqs without this amendment. On the con-
trary, the probabilities are that they will use
them under a given state of circumstances.
Besides that, law is not made upon the assump-
tion that men will not abuse powers. Law is
made on the direct contrary assumption, that
no powers should be given to men except under
circumstances where, so far as human wisdom
cap, the abuse of them is guarded against. To
gvve powers to men without restraint is not
the rule of wise legislation anywhere. Least of
all should it be the rule upon questions where
men divide, according to their political ideas,
into two hostile and heated camps during a
great election, where the best of us—I make
no exception either of myself or any one else
here—are extremely liable to be misled in our
judgments and to be precipitated by the excite-
ments of the hour into Sets from which in our
cooler moments we would recoil in horror.
The very cases provided for in these bills, and
in this bill among them, are precisely those
where yon are called upon by every reflection,
by all experience, to leave it as far as possible
in the power of no mau to abuse the authority
vested in him; tb be sparing in the bestowal
of authority, in the first place, and in bestow-
ing it to surround it with all the guards and
limitations possible.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from
California give way for a motion for a recess?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has the Senator
from California concluded?
Sir. CASSERLY. No, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California has not concluded.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not understand the
Senator from Michigan. Did he propose to
have a recess immediately or a little later?
Mr. HOWARD, I made the suggestion of
a motion for a recess, but I learn from the
honorable Senator from New York that that
is ntit his purpose, and I shall not insist upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the Sen-
ator from Michigan now, that, after having
made a suggestion for a recess, he heard from
the Senator from New York that that was not
the purpose. Did I hear the Senator from
Michigan correctly?
Mr. HOWARD. I said that my purpose
wis to make a motion for a recess; ana having
announced that purpose and hearing from the
Senator froin New York, who has the bill in
charge, that he is opposed to a recess, I with-
draw the suggeattoa.
Mr. CASSERLY. That simplifies matters
a good deal, I mustsay. It renders the taking
of votes rather a form than a matter of sub-
stance in this body at this time. However,
there is nothing like frankness, and for myself
I am very much obliged to the Senator from
Michigan for the disclosure.
Now, sir, you may say what you please about
frauds at elections. Undoubtedly all honest
men are agreed about one thing, that frauds at
elections are precisely those which should be
most promptly suppressed by all proper and
reasonable means. Upon that there is no dif-
ference of opinion among people whose opinion
is entitled to the least respect. But I know of
no fraud more hateful in itself, more deserving
of condemnation, none which goes more com-
pletely to the roots and existence of all popular
elections, than the legalized fraud which, under
any pretense, would leave it in the power of
heated partisans, by the arrest of the officer
of election in the full discharge of his duties,
to break tip and defeat an election anywhere
throughout the country, in any State of the
Union; and not only to break it up and to
defeat it, but to carry it in the interest of a
particular political party.
The bayonets are pretty bad when they are
brought into sway and to control a popular
election, as they were brought in in the city
of New York and elsewhere at the last elec-
tion ; but really I am not prepared to say that,
bad as that was, vicious in itself and danger-
ous to our liberties, it was any worse than
a system which would permit the abuse of
which I have spoken. Without intending
any injustice, meaning to speak in candor and
in moderation, so far as moderation is proper
in a discussion of this kind, (and I suppose
it to be proper here as it is everywhere,) it
strikes me that the military excesses at elec-
tions are in no degree worse than a system
which would permit any irresponsible, worth-
less, vicious man to defeat the wishes of the
people at any election precinct in ihe country
by arresting and hauling oft' to prison an offi-
cer of election in the very midst of his duties
on election day. .
The sincerity of Senators of the dominant
party will now be tested. Their vote upon
this amendment will show one thing or the
other : either that the purpose of this bill is
what has been charged against it out of this
Chamber or that the purpose of this bill is
not to break up and defeat election-s on elec-
tion day anywhere at the will of every deputy
marshal or the subordinate of every deputy
marshal, or of every supervisor appointed un-
der this act upon some pretext, or upon none
whatever. Either this is a bill which to that
extent is what some of its friends profess it to
be, a fair bill, in the interest (if a tree, hun«-st
election, or it is a bill to carry elections in the
interest of the dominant parly in this country,
and the vote which is to be taken on this
j: amendment will decide that question.
jj lhe VICE PRESIDES f. The question is
j; on the amendment of the Senator from Vir
jj ginia, to add to the eighth section what has
been reported by the Secretary.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask the
Secretary to report the amendment again.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment,
as follows:
But no officer whose duty it is to conduct or aid in
conducting an election, and without wboda pri-sune#
the election eannotlegally proceed.uliull be urrt ucd
under the provisions of this act whiio in the actual
performance of bis duty.
Mr, HOWARD. I will not say that the
object of the amendment hut the full effect
of it might be to recognize and ratify every
State act that might be passed 011 the subject.
I do not propose to do that myself. 1 do not
propose to pass a provision in an act of Con-
gress which will have the effect to declare that
all State statutes adverse to the policy of this
act of Congress shall be regarded, nevertheless,
as valid and binding. That would be the cfli-ct
of the amendment. „
