1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1645
The VICE PPtESIDENT put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Mich-''
igan says that the effect of that amendment, if
it be adopted, is to ratify State laws. I do not
know what he means by that. The laws under
which members of Congress are now elected
are State laws. You have never passed any
law providing for the election of members of
Congress. There is not one of them who ever
has been elected since the Government was
organised under any act of Congress. There-
fore, I do not know what the Senator means by
saying that this amendment will ratify State
laws, and hence ought not to be adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I will make a word of explana-
tion. Suppose a State should pass an act for-
bidding the attendance of the supervisors of
electiou provided for in this bill; there would
be a direct conflict between this law and the
State law; and here comes in a clause which
would give validity and force to the State law,
directly in the teeth of the preceding passage
of this Federal statute.
Mr. THURMAN'. This amendment would
nottoueh any such case atall. The wholeofthis
amendment, and it is a very simple and a very
plain one, is that the officer of the State, the
election officer, without whose presence, accord-
ing to law, there can be no legal election, shall
not be taken from his seat and an election pre-
vented. That is all there is of it. To vote
down that amendment is simply to declare that
it is the purpose of this bill to allow any of
this myriad of ragamuffins, such as were ap-
pointed in New York last year, these men
dragged from the penitentiaries and gutters,
and tlie worse than gutters, of the city, to put
an end to any election whenever they see fit.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was astonished at the
statement of the Senator from Michigan; but
it has been so thoroughly answered by-the
Senator from Ohio that I shall content myself
with what he has just said. I add, however,
that I am unable to see any possible ground
for the view of the Senator from Michigan.
Sir, the greatest evil that can possibly hap-
pen in our form of government is by a system
of law to defeat the will of the people. You
do defeat the will of the people when under
your law vicious, excited, reckless partisans
may anywhere control the election by destroy-
ing the vote at a sufficient number of precincts
throughout the country. That is precisely
what they do when you allow them to arrest
the officer in the midst of his duties and take
him to jail, ^hy, sir, it is a thousand times
better if the election officer commits an offense
during the discharge of bis duties to leave
that offense to be punished by the law, to let
the law take its course after the election is
over. It is just as easy to punish the offending
officer of the election a week after the election
is over as it is on the day of the election. Is
the law so light a thing that unless it acts at
once and on the moment it cannot act at all?
Is the power of your Government so feeble,
so impatient, that it cannot abide, the delays
necessary for the due development of the
best principles of government?
Sir, nothing is swifter than tyranny, n0'h"
ing is more patient and deliberate than lib-
erty ; and there is no one feature so ominous
in the many vicious tendencies of the Admin-
istration party of this country to-day as its
proved incapacity to understand that great
truth. Delays, deliberation, slowness, 'orul® ot
law, technicalities if you will, sir, are the bul-
warks which freedom throws around the rights
of the people. Let them be inconveniences;
admit that they are; they are the price which
you pay for freedom, Do you prefer swift
tyranny merely because it is swift? I should
regret if I thoughtthat any considerable num-
ber of the people of the country fell in with
ideas so odious in themselves and so destruc-
tive of our liberty in its most fundamental
ideas. •
Better, sir, if the officer offends, let him do
liis duty at the polls and then let him be pun-
ished, The law is strong enough to punish
him at the proper time. But because he has
committed an offense, that you should author-
ize any one of the thousands and thousands
of these myrmidons throughout the country
to defeat the popular will upon any scale, how-
ever great, is the highest offense which was
ever proposed to be committed against Amer-
ican freedom. It is so much greater than
any fraud or any wrong that could be commit-
ted by an officer of election that it is simply
ludicrous to undertake to institute any com-
parison between the two. If your laws are
not strong enough to reach the case of such
officers, make them stronger. If your officers
are not numerous enough and faithful enough
to execute those laws after you have made
them strong enough, increase their numbers,
select more efficient persons, but do not find
any pretext (for, after all, it is nothing but a
pretext) of increasing the value or efficiency
of elections to put it in the hands of any num-
ber of men anywhere under any circumstances
to break up half the polls of the country at a
presidential election, and permit the President
of a party to be elected out of the other half.
Why, sir, when you have done that you have
made revolution. The law that does that is
the guiltiest law that ever was passed.
Mr. JOHNSTON. If I understand it, the
objection of the Seuator from Michigan to this
amendment certainly has no weight. This law
does not, nor does any law of Congress, pro-
pose to register the voters of the country. The
registration of the voters is left exclusively to
the States. This bill, however, proposes to
enter into the execution of the State law and
regulate it. It does not propose that the Uni-
ted States or the officers of the United States
shall go into the States and themselves regis-
ter the votes ; but finding a law providing for
the registration of voters in a State, and for
the election of Representatives, and a mode of
certifying that election, this bill provides that
officers of the United States may_ supervise
all those proceedings, from the registering_ to
the voting, from the voting to the counting
of the ballots and to the return of the can-
didates ; so that the objection to this amend-
ment that it gives validity to a State law is idle.
The very bill that we are considering is a bill
which admits this registration law of the State
as the law which it seeks to execute. It recog-
nizes the State law itself throughout, and it
professes to see to it that that law shall be
executed fairly. That being the state of the
case, of course the objection to this amend-
ment amounts to nothing. The only question
is, does this bill do fairly and justly and prop-
erly what it professes to do ? If it does not,
then, of course, it should not be passed.
Now, Mr. President, the proposition is to
pass a law by which elections shall be fairly
held. It should not be the object of the Con-
gress of the United States to obstruct elec-
tions, to keep them from being held, to pre-
vent neople from registering, and from vot-
ing, to prevent the ballots from being counted;
but if they do anything at all in the premises
and have a right to do anything, it should be
to pass such laws as shall provide that those
things shall be done fairly and properly, Ihe
objection to this bill is that it prevents that
very thing being done; that it puts it in the
power of anybody who has been appointed
deputy marshal to prevent its being done.
Sir, I cannot imagine anything worse than a
law which punishes a whole community for the
fault of one man. It is sufficient if one man
offends against the law thai that man shal be
punished; but when ygu go further, and^lor
the default of a single irresponsible individual
propose to punish not only him, but you and
me, and hundreds of others in the same com-
munity, and deprive us of our right, when we
have been in no default, undoubtedly no such
law ought to be passed.
How is the ease here? Suppose on elec-
tion day, or registration day, or the day for
counting the ballots, a deputy marshal assumes
that the officer whose duty it is to do those
things is doing wrong and he arrests him.
Then, of course, the whole proceeding, what-
ever it is, stops; the registration stops; the
voting stops ; the counting of the ballots stops.
If I have the right to register, surely I ought
not to be deprived of that right by the default
of any other man. Nothing but my own default
ought to deprive me of that right. If having
registered I have the right to vote", certainly I
ought not to be deprived of that right, but
ought to be allowed to exercise it. If when
the votes have been registered, when the elec-
tion has been conducted fairly, when there has
been no complaint thus far, and it only remains
to count the ballots, anybody may come in and
defeat that fair registration and fair election
by arresting the officer counting the ballots and
thus preventing the count—if this can be done
under color of a law of Congress, of course
there is no freedom, no justice under it.
Mr. President, one of the greatest safe-
guards in any country professing to be free is
the responsibility of public officers. If your
public officers of all sorts are responsible, if
they are freely elected under circumstances to
make them understand and appreciate their
responsibilities, if they are made to know that
they are to account to the community for
what they do, and are forced to feel the nature
and importance of the duties that they are to
discharge, then you have a guarantee for the
proper performance of their duties. But if you
create public officers who are not responsible
and place them in situations in which they
cannot be called to account, and where they
exercise a little brief authority to-day which
ceases to-morrow, that principle of responsi-
bility of public officers is wholly and entirely
lost.
How will it be under this law ? The United
States marshal is a regular officer; but the
registration, we will say, occupies a day, and
he appoints ten, twenty, or fifty deputy mar-
shals for that day. They have no existence
but for a day. They are insects, to exist ior
a little while and perish. What responsibility
have they ? What do they care as to how they
shall exercise their authority under this law ?
They are the mere appointees of the marshal;
they are not officers elected by the people ;
they are not officers whose acts are to be can-
vassed by the people, but mere temporary offi-
cials for a single day and a single occasion.
They have none of that sense of responsibility,
none of that desire to execute the laws faitly
that a regular officer properly appointed under
existing laws has. Of course you cannot ex-
pect an officer of that sort to discharge duties
in the same manner thata regular officer would
discharge thena. When you appoint a deputy
marshal, therefore, to scrutinize the registra-
tion or to attend at the place of voting, or at
the counting of ballots, you appoint a man who
knows that he goes out of office to-morrow,
that he is appointed for partisan purposes, that
the purpose of his appoiutment is to effect par-
tisan objects and not to protect the freedom
of the ballot. I trust,, therefore, that this
amendment will be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Virginia to the eighth section of the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let it be read.
Mr. CONIiLlNG. IIow many times has it
^The VICE PRESIDENT. This is the fifth
time. It will be a^am repoited.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. RICE. On this question 1 am paired
with the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull ] If he were present he would vote
