1871.]
appe2£dix to the congressional globe.
211
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Hamilton.
Senate.
to be appointed? By a judge, a judge of the
circuit court of the United States ; not by the
court, but by a judge of the court. I ask hon-
• orable Senators who have this bill in charge
whether a judge of the court can, under the
Constitution, appoint an officer created by this
bill? I grant that a court may be invested
with this power of appointment, though foreign
to its general duty and most likely in the exer-
cise of it to bring the court or the judges
into disrepute or absolute contempt with the
people. The Constitution is explicit in lan-
guage:
" Congress may by law vest the appointment of
such inferior officers as tbey think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments."
If there is anything distinct and well defined
it is the power of appointment under this pro-
vision. It can be vested in the court, true;
not in the judges. A single judge may consti-
tute the court, true; butthe judge is personal,
the court is official. The latter, in reference to
the power conferred by this bill, is only known
to the Constitution. Besides, sir, these two
supervisors are to be thus appointed upon the
application of two citizens in the city or town,
and they are to be appointed, as I have before
remarked, from different political parties. But
in what way does all this pretended fairness
end; upon whose recommendations and under
■what influence are these appointments to be
made? Section thirteen of the bill provides
for the appointment of a chief supervisor by
the circuit court, and he is to be selected from
among the commissioners of the court. A
part of the duty of the chief supervisor is set
forth in that section as follows. He is—
To receive the applications of all parties for ap-
pointment to such positions; and upon the opening,
as contemplated in this act, of the circuit court for
the judicial circuit in which the commissioner so
designated shall act, to present such applications to
the judge thereof, and furnish information to said
judge in respect to the appointment by the said court
of such supervisors of election.
Here is an exhibition of the impression of
fairness that you would if possible create,
y ou impose upon the public. You start out with
conferring powers upon a judge, or a court if
you please, supposed to stand well with the peo-
ple, free from prejudice and not tainted with
corruption or wrong of any kind, and disposed
in their high position to do what was rightand
proper to be done. But at last this vainglo-
rious boast is reduced to the manipulations of a
commissioner or a chief supervisor, who is to
receive, and he only to receive, the applications
for appointment to these important places, and
who is to present such applications to the judge
of the court, and furnish information respect-
ing such appointments. True, sir, it relieves
the judge, who has always othermanifold duties
to perform, especially in New York and other
large cities ; it relieves him from responsibil-
ity, it relieves his office from the reproach of
bad appointments; and it at last falls to the lot
of one man, he a subordinate, a common com-
missioner of a court to be elevated to the most
responsible position of a chief supervisor over
the elections of a free people. And who may
this supervisor be? He is not clothed in the
robes of an office that gathers sanctity to his
person or lifts him in the opinion of the peo-
ple above the prejudices of partisan hate, zeal,
ambition, or interest. He may be made the
ready instrument of corrupt politicians, and
placed m position to subserve all their purposes
and with no direct responsibilities.
There are penalties in this bill directed
against almost everybody—against the officers
of the State, against the people of the State;
but none, no, not one, against the supervisors,
the marshals or deputy marshals appointed
under it. However much, however flagrantly
and openly they may violate any provision in
it, or in whatever manner they may abuse their
powers under it—if for this illegal conduct it
should be attempted to bring them to justice
in the State courts, this bill, upon their appli-
cation, directs a peremptory removal into the
United States courts.
What kind of Democrats think yon will be
appointed undersuch instrumentalities? Nay,
what kind of men, I ask, will be selected under
such a system, where there is no responsibility
either to the law or to the people? Why, sir,
the machinery, it appears to me, of this bill is
made for New York politics, if New York
politics is at all what it is described to be.
I do not intend to reflect upon the honorable
Senators from New York when I say that since
I have been a member of this body I have not
been able to attain to a very exalted opinion
of New York politics and politicians; and in
saying thig, I do not wish to be understood
as at all referring to the rivalries and contests
between Democratsand Republicans, but alone
to contests between Republicans and Repub-
licans of that great State and city.
I think I see in this bill the New York poli-
tics of the Republican party, intended for
New York and to save New York, if to be
saved at all, in 1872, to the Republican party;
but I cherish the hope that this will be of no
more avail than the law of the last session.
You passed your bill last year. I well remem-
ber the circumstances under which you pushed
it through this Chamber and forced it upon the
country under the lead then of the honorable
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart ;] cir-
cumstances in almost all respects similar to
those under which you are now forcing this one
upon the country. Then we were told that it
was to cure the ills and corruptions of New
York politics. It may be that it measurably
did ; at all events it did something, aroused
perhaps an indignant people to action, for the
increase of the Democratic majority in the city
over that of the year before was some twelve
thousand.
Mr. President, what do we see around us?
The friends of this measure do not discuss it,
do not intend to discuss it. Was there ever
a measure involving questions of public policy
so grave and so material in their character
and possible consequences pushed through
the forms of legislation, as the majority in
this Chamber proposes to do with this meas-
ure? No explanation, no information, no
amendment; but a stubborn persistence, as it
is blind to faults and deaf to reason, bodes no
good to the future of the country.
The whole debate is left to the Democratic
minority. We are to do this in our own way,
without the light always eliminated in the con-
flict of debate between opposing opinions. I
accord, of course, to honorable Senators the
right to think and act as they please, and am
willing to attribute to them conscientiousness
in the support of this bill and in the course of
conduct they are now pursuing. It is what I
accord to them that I claim for myself in my
hostility to this measure.
If these gentlemen were to wish for a mon-
archy, an oligarchy, an aristocracy, an empire,
a great central Government, so be it. I would
indulge them in their delusions and be char-
itable to their opinions, for it is their right.
Freedom of opinion and freedom of speech is
secured not only by the Constitution, but it is
one of the very elements of free government
itself. If they choose, let them proclaim their
opinions and wishes to the people, and I shall
not detract from their integrity or impugn their
motives, however much I might deplore their
couduct. So long as the people are free and
are allowed the expression of an uncorrupted
and of an untrammeled will, I fear not but
that everything will come right in the end.
Again, Mr. President, I have spoken to the
provision which is put in the bill as a show of
fairness in the appointment of supervisors from
each of the political parties, and, I think, ex-
posed its hollow pretenses; and I now take
the opportunity of calling attention to that sec-
tion of the bill providing for the appointment
of deputy marshals. This active and most im-
portant body of men, who are to be bronght into
requisition at all the polling precincts in thesa
cities and towns, and who are clothed with the
powers of arrest, without process, of any offi-
cer of election or of any citizen, and who are
clothed with the other great powers set forth
in this section, how are they appointed? By
the marshal of the district 1 And who is the
marshal, and by whom is he appointed ? He
is appointed by the President of the United
States ; is appointed because of his fidelity to
the President and to his party ; he is the crea-
ture of partisan power, and is expected to do
all he can to secure it continued success; his
own continuance in office depends upon it; and
his party demands all his services as the re-
ward of its favor toward him. He is authorized
to appoint these deputies ad libitum. From
what party will his appointments be likely to
be made? There is no injunction in the bill
here that they shall be selected impartially
and without respect to party. Remember these
deputies have dictatorial power—the power
to arrest officers of registration, officers of
elections, voters, citizens: to stop elections,
break up elections; to defeat the will of the
people 1 They are responsible to no law of
the United States. There is no offense defined
in this bill as against them, and no penalties
inflicted, therefore, as against them. Under
this bill they stand as the kings of England
stand in their theory of its constitution : they
can " do no wrong." I have never lived in a
city; I have never mingled much in its busy
throng ; but living in the country, away from
these hives of people and marts of business, I
can apprehend well the operations of this bill.
The marshal has the power to appoint any
number; they can be appointed to continue
in office for ten days; they are allowed five
dollars per day—fifty dollars for ten daysl
A good round sum for that which is so con-
genial to so many in the cities at any time, to
attend to an election. There will be a clamor
for these positions. What class of men do
you suppose will apply and what class of men
will obtain them? There is a class of men
in the large cities who make it a business to
attend to elections, attend to primary meet-
ings and nominating conventions preliminary
to the elections, and especially then to the
elections. This class does not do their work
for nothing. Leading politicians must secure
them places or pay them, and no doubt great
sums of money are expended in this way and
offices filled. Here is a relief that is prom-
ised ! Make this class deputy marshals, at
five dollars per day. Put them upon the Gov-
ernment and upon the pay-roll of the Govern-
ment. Make this a corruption fund. Hold
it- up to the venal, the dissolute, the corrupt,
and you will have the kind of men required
ia the deep moving spirit of this bill to com-
mand your people and to manage your elec-
tions. Not, Mr. President, that i assert that
this is the present object of the supporters of
the bill, but that the powers in the bill may
accomplish these results.
Who, sir, are these Federal marshals in the
States? Against them as individuals I have
nothing to say; no doubt in the private walks
of life all or many of them are worthy gentle-
men ; but as officers of the United States and
as a body they have a most exalted admiration
of the Government of the United States, with
at the same time a supreme contempt for the
rights of the States and of the people of the
States; rights that in their opinion no officer
of the United States is bound to respect. In
my own State we have one of this class of men,
I regret to say. Not a Marshal Ney, nor a
Lannes, nor an Augereau, nor any one other
