mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sis
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Hamilton.
Senate.
keys of the boxes when handed over to the
managers.
These commissioners are required by another
section of the law to discharge the duties as
follows:
"They shall then proceed to count the votes of the
county, and shall make such statements thereof as
the nature of the election shall require within ten
days of the time of their first meeting as a board of
county canvassers, and shall transmit to the board
of State canvassers any protest and all papers
relating to the election."
Now, I wish to know how these supervisors
are to discharge their duty practically under
this section of the bill with respect to this elec-
tion law. The framers of this bill assumed that
the ballots would at once be canvassed, and
never dreamed that such State election laws
as this to which I have referred could have
existed anywhere in any State.
I wish to know how this section of the bill
is to fit the State of South Carolina; how the
supervisors of election are to put themselves
in "such position in relation to the ballot-box
for the purpose of engaging in the work of
canvassing the ballots in said boxes contained
as will enable them or him to fully perforin
the duties in respect to such canvass provided
in this act."
This bill proposes to change no part of this
law or regulation of the State, and changing
none it puts the most extraordinary duties upon
these supervisors of being with that ballot-box
■when placed to receive votes, to continue with
it during the three, days it may remain in the
hands of the managers, then follow it into the
possession of the commissioners, where it may
remain for ten days more until the ballots are
fully canvassed and certified.
Who are to have these boxes in their pos-
session during these long periods, 'and what
"position" these supervisors are to maintain
toward these boxes during the many nights that
they may remain uncounted, we will leave to
the managers and commissioners to determine
in the future when this act is put into opera-
tion. Now, sir, in my own State—and I suppose
in yours, and in every well-regulated State,
where there is a desire to prevent fraud and
wrong, perjury, and crime—the moment the
polls are closed the judges are required to pro-
ceed to read and canvass the ballots in the
presence of the people. The supervisors can
be there, hear the ballots read and the tallies
called as the canvass is recorded; and this is
required to be done by the laws of my State in
t,he presence of the people.
I do not desire, Mr. President, to reflect
upon the State of South Carolina in her present
unhappy condition, but in calling the attention
<5f the Senate to the monstrous provisions of
the bill now under discussion it is not at all
inappropriate to illustrate its faults and defi-
ciencies, by applying to it the no less monstrous
election laws of a sister State, conceived in the
same spirit and intendedfor the same purposes,
that maik this bill in its progress through this
body. No doubt like election laws more or
less prevail in the States far south—Arkansas,
Florida, Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi—all
made for one purpose, to subjugate the good
people of those States to the men and party
in power there.
When I reflect, sir, upon the frauds that may
be committed upon the ballot-box under this
South Carolina system; the secret and pro-
tracted possession of the ballots (for it may be
thirteen days) and in the possession of men who
are the mere creatures of those in power, and
no doubt selected because of their personal
fidelity, or their fidelity to party, and it may
be because they have no conscience to sear
and no sense of responsibility ; when I reflect
that this system was designed and established
to keep the gallant people of that and other
States under the dominion of men alien to them
in sympathy, feeling, and interest, nay, in many
cases, under the dominion of desperate men of
desperate fortunes, I feel that we have reached
a sad crisis in our history.
Now, Mr. President, I leaye this bill. Never
before the last session did CoDgress undertake
to exercise such an authority. It was taken
up at the mid-hours of the last night, and we
are now at the mid-hours of this night. Why
should it be so? Where is the occasion for it?
Brought before the Senate at midnight, and at
midnight to be forced through this body—a fit
time for such a measure ! Born in the night,
it will perish in the night.
Sir, this bill in its surroundings, in its
struggles now for life, and in its walks when
in life, reminds me strongly of that popular
picture of human nature—
" For ways that are dark,
ADd for tricks that are vain,
The heathen Chinee is peculiar."
But dark as he may be, peculiar as he may
be in all his ways, and tricks, and modes of
thought and action, he cannot be more so than
the men prompted jsy the motives and consid-
erations which underlie this bill. Peculiar in
all his characteristics, his habits, his deeds,
his current of thought, as he is, there is one
thing about him at least that would distinguish
him above the men who would destroy tha£
form of government handed down to him by
their fathers—that adherence to tried institu-
tions when they have given to his people a name
and a history that go far back and are lost in
the dim past.
Mr. President, we have lived foreighty-three
years under the Constitution of the United
States. We have relied upon the people of
the States to maintain this great Government
by their local laws in regulating the voting pro-
cess of the people. We have passed through
the war, with all its ills, its troubles, its blood,
and its misery, and, if you please, its crimes.
That war, in the passions that it evoked, was
greatly instrumental in producing frauds in
elections, and indeed the commission of all
kinds of crime and wrong. When the freedom
of speech and of the press was suppressed,
when the popular will was set at defiance, when
people were arrested and imprisoned and tried
by military commissions, it did not take long
to invade the sanctity of the ballot-box. Not
satisfied with what could be done at home by
every form of intimidation and of force and
of fraud, they sent it to the armies in the field
commanded by generals, in many cases either
politicians themselves or manipulated by poli-
ticians, and it came back crowded with ballots
as directed or expected by the men in power.
My own State was in this way brought under
the power of these men, and 1 can well remem-
ber the feeling of our people when they were
obliged to submit to the great humiliation.
We have, however, passed through all this;
once more we are assuming the quiet of peace
and the stability of order ; and happily once
more we are as a people returning to our normal
condition. Once more the people are begin-
ning to think for themselves and to vote for
themselves, no longer impressed with the ter-
rors of war or the menaces of power.
And now, sir, you propose to change all this;
to go back and carry into the peaceful elec-
tions of the people the instruments of war ;
you propose to cover the land with paid spies,
informers, officials, to note the action of your
people, of their own officers, and to report
them : with the power to arrest them; drag
them from their firesides and homes, and con-
sign them to a prison.
Though your law in this respect is confined
to cities of twenty thousand inhabitants, yet
the example may not be lost, and if it accom-
plishes the results its friends anticipate it will
be extended over the whole country. Unless
this strange fatuity of the hour shall cease,
unless this strange perversion of the Consti-
tution and of its limitations of power shall
cease, no one can tell where these assumptions
are to be stayed and where these evils are to
be arrested. I have as high an opinion of the
patriotism and the knowledge of honorable
Senators on this floor as any one; but it is
at times a matter of amazement to me, that
coming here as they do, the representatives
of States which they honor in this Chamber,
and would honor anywhere, feeling, as I would
suppose, a just pride in their States, and desir-
ing to see them maintained in all their dignity
and power, that they should vote day after day
for measures that must sap their foundations
and either change or entirely destroy their
domestic institutions.
Mr. President, we must not flatter ourselves
to suppose that we are different from other
pteoples. We would I fear, at times, assume
to ourselves in the pride of our spirit and in
the vigor of our young manhood an infinite
superiority over other peoples, either ancient
or modern. It is a great mistake. We are no
better than we ought to be and no better than
others. We have the same passions to gratify
and the same vaulting ambitionwe have the
same'prejudices to pervert or influence, and
the same interests to subserve. We are but
a continent not yet comparatively brought
under the hand of civilization. There beyond
us are three continents where have lived men
from the creation, and upon which and all
over which are the everlasting monuments of
power, of civilization, of genius, and of learn-
ing; and centuries, it may be, must elapse
before time and man can rear the same here.
The history of this continent and the fate
of our people and our civilization will be but
the repetition of the history and of the fate of
their nations as one succeeded another in the
funeral march of time. We boast about our
free republican institutions, of our hatred to
kings and to kingly government, and to all the
forms of tyranny. Not more so, sir, than did
the Roman people in the infancy of their Gov-
ernment, now ancient in fame, in learning,
in literature, in art, in the law, and triumph-
ant in arms; the masters of the civilized world.
You remember the most interesting histor-
ical incident of that people, when they drove
out Tarquin, who was the last of the kings of
Rome, and established in his place two rulers:
Lucius Junius, afterward called Brutus, and
Tarquinius Collatinus. • But so strongwere the
feelings of that people against kingly or regal
authority that they would not even bear with
a man having the name of the king; and Tar-
quinius Collatinus, patriotic and brave and good
as he was, was obliged to go beyond the con-
fines of iiome, so that, if possible, even the
name of the king might fade away from the
memory of the people.
Thatpeoplegrew in power as no other. True,
they had their great internal convulsions and
bloody civil wars, even as we have had, but
they still clung to their primary institutions
and still continued a great people, and still
believing themselves free, even down to the
days of Caesar, and even then bore the spirit
of their ancestors. When Marc Antony, in the
delivery of that consummate historical oration
over the dead body of Cassar, exclaimed—
"You all did see, that on the Lupercat,
I thrice presented him a kingly crown,
Which he did thrice refuse,"
all the people shouted! And'even when An-
tony afterward crowned his statue the tribunes
took the crown away, to the great displeasure,
true, of Cassar, but to the delight of the people
in those degenerate days; and yet that same
people, so hating tyranny, tyrants, and kings,
in a few years thereafter lived under the rule
of a Tiberius, of a Caligula, ot a Nero, and
under the rule of tie profligate Heliogabalus.
Thus, under the free institutions of Rome, the
corrupting influence of its centralizing power
