1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1647
second provision is that for certain offenses
specified in section ten the party committing
them shall be liable to instant arrest, without
process.
The offenses specified in section ten may,
many of them, be committed oat of the view
of the marshal. Which of the two provisions
is intended to control; or are we, if possible,
so to construe the bill that both provisions
shall stand together? I think that the provis-
ion in section eight is manifestly the better and
wiser provision; and to avoid any clashing
of the two provisions, or any difficulty of con-
struction, or the manifest incongruity of per-
mitting one class of arrests for one class of
offenses and another class for an entirely dif-
ferent body of offenses, I propose an amend-
ment. I propose in section eight, line thirty-
three, to insert after the word "arrested" the
words "under this act or the act hereby amend-
ed so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That no person shall be arrested under
this act or the act hereby amended without process
for any offense not committed in the presence of the
marshal or his general or soecial deputies, ka.
To make the bill harmonious, of coarse it
will be necessary 111 section ten, line thirty, to
strike out the words " without processleav-
ing that clause to read, "he shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor and liable to instant arrest."
Striking out those two words in that section
and inserting the words which I propose to
ingert in the eighth section, the bill will read
as no doubt it was intended ..to read, and each
of the sections will agree with the other. I
presume that in the evident haste- in which
this bill was got up in the other House the con-
flict of provisions which appears between the
two sections was the result of a clerical error.
The provision in section eight is so much more
elaborate and at large than the provision in
section ten that it is quite clear thai the pro-
vision in section eight is that which expresses
the intention of the person who drafted the
bill, and consequently that should control. _ It
should control for the further reason that it is
ihe provision which is in accordance with the
law and the Constitution of the United States,
the same law and Constitution prevailing in
almost all the States. It is not an American
practice, and has not been for a great many
years, or indeed at any time, so far as I can
remember, to permit any officers, State or
Federal, to arrest without process for offenses
committed oat of their view. The bill, which
was evidently prepared in such haste m the
House that this clerical error intervened—and
indeed a great many others which are manifest
on the face of the bill of a clerical character
have presented themselves was not amended
in the Judiciary Committee. _ It was reported
to the Senate from the Judiciary Committee
as it passed the House. I believe there is no
question of that. So far as I have been able to
compare the bill as it passed the House with
the bill now before us there is do doubt of the
fact. Hence, I propose the amendment which
I have mentioned, and I repeat that it is to
insert after the word "arrested,' on page 11,
section eight, line thirty-three, the words un-
der this act, or the act hereby amended : and
to strike out the words " without process, on
page 13, section ten, line thirty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) Does the Senator intend to
include both amendments w one motion t
Mr. CASSBRLY. No. I am obliged to the
Chair for the suggestion. Each amendment
is to be proposed by itself; but I mentioned
the second one to show that my mteution is to
make the language of the bill sensible, ana to
make these two sections harmonize with each
other I propose the first amendment tirst.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ihe ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
• California, to amend section eight line tlmty-
three, bv inserting after the word auested
the words "under this act or the act hexeby
•mended."
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CASSBRLY. I shall ask for the yeas
and nays on that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators who
will second the demand for the yeas and nays
will rise.
Eight Senators rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
but eight Senators rising.
Mr. THURMAN. That is one fifth of the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opin-
ion of the Chair it is one fifth of those present.
Mr. CONKLING. It is one fifth if there
are but forty here.
Mr. THURMAN. It is certainly one fifth
of the last vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays are ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. I will state that I am paired
on this subject with the Senator from Ken-
tucky, Mr. Davis, who is sick. Were he here
he would vote for this amendment, and I
would vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, and nays 40 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Blair, Casserly, Johnston,
McCreery. Miller, Thurman, and \ ickers—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
Jin1' Cragin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan, Howard. Howe, Howell, Kellogg,
Lewis, McDonald. Morrill ot Vermont, IS ye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Kamsey, Kevels, Robertson,
Sawyer, Seott, Sherman, Spencer, Stearns, Stewart,
Warner, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brovvnlow, Cameron, Cattell,
Corbett, Davis, Fenton. Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland. Harris, Hill, Morrill ot
Maine, Morton, Patterson, Rice, Ross, baulsbury,
Sehurz, Sprague, Stockton, Sunnier, Thayer, lipton,
Trumbull, and Willey—-6.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSBRLY. I believe the best of
'amendments may fail if the Senate do not
know what they are. A iriend of mine who
has just come in and voted with the majority
was candid enough to confess that he did not
know what he was voting on. I want the rest
of the Senators to avoid that error, and there-
fore I desire to call their attention distinctly to
the amendment which I am now about to offer.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it the same one?
[Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I should be happy to
offer the same one twenty times to-night if I
thought the least impression could be made
upon the hardened character of the Senator
from New York. [Laughter.] I despair of
any such result.
Mr. CONKLING. All these amendments
are too soft for that. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 did not speak of the
Senator's head. [Laughter.] The amend-
ment might be just soft enough for that pur-
pose. . , ..
Now, sir, upon page 13, section ten, line
thirty, I propose to strike out the words • with-
out process;" so that the clause will read,
" he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and lia-
ble to instant arrest, and on conviction thereof
shall be punished by imprisonment,'' &c. _
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I listened
the other day with great interest, and still
greater instruction, to the argument of the
Senator from Wisconsin who sits directly in
front of the Chair [Mr. Carpenter] on the
constitutionality of the test-oath. His argument
was a demonstration on that point, and that
part of it which was most convincing was
where he relied upon the language ot the
Constitution that no man shall " be deprived
of life, liberty, or property without due pro-
cess of law." I confess that 1 doubt if the
full scope of those grand words ever struck me
so much before. As presented by that Senator
it seemed to me that they covered every case
where under color of Federal authority or
State authority an attempt is made to deprive
a man of life, liberty, or property, except by
due process of law. I call the attention of the
Senate to the language of the Constitution:
" Nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law."
The words "due process of law" have a
very extended meaning. They do not mean
that a man may be arrested by any one of
ten thousand officers, without process, for an
offense committed out of the view of the offi-
cer. On the contrary, no court would construe
such a proceeding as being in conformity with
the language of the Constitution. Such a pro-
ceeding is not "due process of law." It is
against the theories and the practice of the
law for nearly five hundred years, either in
the United States or in England; certainly
for three hundred years. If that provision in
the Constitution declared the invalidity of the
test-oath, and made it null and void, how can
the Senator from Wisconsin rescue the pro-
visions of this bill, especially the one which I
am now considering, from equal nullity ? The
voice of the Constitution speaks with no uncer-
tain sound. It is not a double-dealing voice.
It is Dot a voice which discriminates. It is
general; it is comprehensive ;_ it is unqual-
ified, unconditional, without limitations:
"Nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law."
But here is a provision which expressly says
that a man may be arrested by an officer with-
out process for an offense committed out of his
view. I shall expect to receive on this amend-
ment at least the potent voice of the Senator
from "Wisconsin, if not in argument certainly
by his vote. This is not the only provision of
the kind in the bill; but where it occurs here
it has a more comprehensive scope and sig-
nification than elsewhere; and hence I pro-
pose to strike it out here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
j Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
! nays on the amendment.
: The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
i taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 86 : as follow* :
I YEAS —Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Fowler.
1 Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston, McCreeiy, Miller,
1 Tipton, and Yickers—10.
NAYS —Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman, Buck-
ingham. Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Oookiinst, Cr.t-
gin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, llamhri,
Harl.ra, Harris. Howard, Howell, Lewis, McDonald,
1 Morrill of Vermont, Nye. Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Robertson. Sawyer. bbcr-
man. Spencer, Stewart, Warner, "Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—oo. ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Camersn,
Cattell, Corbett, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan,
Hill, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Patterson. Rice, ltoss, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Pcntt,
Sprague, Stearns, Stockton. Sumner, Inayer, Jthur-
man, Trumbull, and Willey—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. I m«ve to amend the
bill by striking out all of the first^seetion after
the enacting clause.
Mr. President, this section is a bill of pams
and penalties. It is a section that imposes
punishment for what are defined in it as of-
fenses. It is a section that punishes officers of
registration for a failure to perform their duty,
for malfeasance in the performance of their
duty, and other persons not officers, for depriv-
ing any one of the right to register, or for pro-
curing any one fraudulently to register, and
also any one who shall fraudulently register as
a voter.
Now. Mr. President, there is scarcely an
offense'in this section that is not punishable
under the laws of the States. Mark it: this
bill provides for no registration; no law of
Congress provides for any registration. The
only regidfcation in this country is under State
laws. There is no other registration known
to the laws of this land; and the laws of the
State that provide for registration provide for
punishing exactly this class of offenses which
is provided for in this section.
What, then, is the consequence of passing this
