1648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
section? It is simply to punish a man twice
for the same offense. It is to punish him first
under State authority, and next to punish him
under the authority of the United States. It
is to make him pay the penalty of his offense
twice, onceunderindictmentintheState courts
and then again under an indictment in the Fed-
eral courts.
I know there is a decision of ft majority of
the Supreme Court of the United States that
the very same act may be punished under a
State law and again punished under a Federal
law; that it is an offense, technically, against
the dignity of the State, and another against
the dignity and authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment ; but I must say that in my judgment
I always did think the dissenting opinions in
that case were the better law, and especially
that grand dissenting opinion of the late Mr.
Justice McLean of my own State. But what-
ever may be technically the law, everybody
must admit that to punish a man for identically
the same act, onee under the State law and
again under the laws of the United States,
upon the mere technical idea that he has com-
mitted an offense against the peace and dig-
nity of the State, and also an offense against
the peace and dignity of the United States,
■when the act for which he is punished is one
and indivisible, every man must admit that to
punish him twice under those circumstances is
inhumanity and injustice. What says the Con-
stitution of the United States on this subject?
"Nor shall any person he subject for the same
offense to be twice pat in jeopardy of life or limb."
That is the humane provision of the funda-
mental law; that is the humane provision in
almost every State constitution; and I, for
one, do deny that upon any subject over which
a State has jurisdiction you can punish under
a Federal law. I wish that I could have the
attention of the lawyers of the Senate to this
proposition for a moment, because I hope there
is sufficient of respect for the law among them
to make them accede to what I have to say.
In what case is it that the Supreme Court
has said there may be punishment under the
State law and also punishment under the Fed-
eral law? It is in those cases in which, under
the Constitution of the United States, so long
as the Federal Government does not act, so
long as Congress passes no law on the subject,
the States are authorized to pass laws. So
long as Congress doe3 not assert exclusive
jurisdiction the State may exercise jurisdic-
tion. But in a matter in which the States have
unquestionable jurisdiction, jurisdiction that
cannot be taken away by Congress, I utterly
deny that Congress can by its act authorize
and inflict punishment upon an individual for
an offense for which he is punishable under
the State law.
Here is a provision for registration. Does
registration belong to Congress 7* There is no
congressional registration act. Registration is
left to the States entirely. Registration is for
the purpose of determining who are electors,
not simply of Representatives or Delegates to
Congress, but also of State, county, city, and
township officers. It is a State statute that
provides for registration; and the same State
statute provides the punishment for those who
shall be guilty of fraudulent registration or
obstructing registration. That subject, all
admit, is within the jurisdiction of the States.
This very bill admits that it is within the juris-
diction of the States. It is a State law that is
made upon the subject, over a subject within
the jurisdiction of the State, over a subject
that is not given to Congress at all; for there
is no man who will dare to say that there is
one •word in the Constitution of the United
States which authorizes Congress %> pass a
law for registration. This subject of registra-
tion is wholly within State jurisdiction. Con-
gress has no, more power to pass a bill for the
registration of voters in the States than it has
to pass suclva bill for the registration of voters
in France. It is a subject wholly within the
jurisdiction of the States; and in respect to
this-subject the States have passed their laws
and inflicted their penalties upon those who
offend against them; and now this Congress
asserts that it has power to inflict double
punishment upon the man who violates those
State laws over which Congress has no juris-
diction whatever.
Mr. President, it is mournful to think what
all this is. I know it is only another step in
that march toward the centralization of all
power in the Federal Government. I know it
is only another step toward the annihilation
of the States. I know that the Senator from
the greatest State in the Union, one of the
largest in territory and greatest in population
and the greatest in wealth, is the first one to
lay down his State at the feet of Federal power
and annihilateit from our system. Ah, sir, that
was not the spirit of New York in the olden
time. That was not the spirit of New York
when the Federal Constitution was framed.
Not then was she so debased, not then was
she so humble that she could crawl in the
dust and be trodden under foot and see her
own citizens punished twice for a violation of
her own State law. No, no; the State of the
Livingstons, of the Schuylers, of the Morrises,
of the Hamiltons, did not then lay down her
proud escutcheon in the dust to be walked
and trampled down whenever a mere partisan
majority in the Congress of the United States
should see fit to trample npon her.
Here is the subject of registration over which
Congress has no more power tbanit'bas over
elections in France. You have power to reg-
ulate the time and manner of electing mem-
bers of Congress. That the Constitution has
given you. That does not affect the question
of registration at all. Over that subject the
States are supreme. That subject belongs to
them alone. That subject they have legislated
upon. Upon that subject they have made stat-
utes so as to secure honest registration; and
yet you come in here and say, in the nineteenth
century, you, the humanitarian party, you, the
philanthropic party, you, the enlightened party
of the country, you, who are actuated simply
by a love of justice, a love of Christianity, a
love of the highest and noblest qualities of
the human mind, and who scorn all mean and
low and narrow ideas—you come in here to
punish a man twice for the same offense !
Let us look at it in a practical view. Sup-
pose a man isindicted under the Stato law, and
punished and sent to prison, how are you to
get him out of prison to try him under your
Federal law? I suppose you are to try him in
his absence. I do not know any other way.
That would not be a bit more unconstitutional
than this provision in this bill. But pray, what
are yon to do with a man if he is sent to Sing
Sing, or some other prison in the State of New
York, for a violation of the State law? How
are you going to send him to some other prison
in the State of New York for a violation of
your Federal law? How arc you going to get
him to try him ? Or if he is sent under your
law to some Federal prison, how is the State
to vindicate her laws by punishing him under
them and sending him to some prison of that
State ?
But, sir, what a waste of time it is really
for us to argue to the Senate! The Senate
of the United States, according to the theory
of the Constitution, according to the belief
of the credulous American people, is a place
where '' grave and reverend seigniors'' do meet
in debate, and where, looking alone to reason
and patriotism and the Constitution, they de-
termine what is best for their country. That
is the idea of the Constitution; that is the
belief of the credulous peoplo of the country.
They do not know that upon a question like
this, such as never, until the last session, was
moved in the Congress of the United States—
they do not know that upon this question, this
great step toward centralized despotism, the
whole matter is arranged in private caucus,
and it is decreed there, as in the secret Coun-
cil of the Ten in Venice of old, that not one
dot shall be put over a letter, not one t shall
be crossed in the Senate of the United States,
and we are here merely the registrars of the
decrees of that caucus. I do not speak with
the slightest idea in the world that my amend-
ment will prevail. I know that caucus has
determined otherwise; but I wish my country-
men to know that this Senate has determined
to punish a man twice for the same offense,
and that offense one cognizable only under the
laws of the States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
to strike oat the first section of the bill, except
the enacting clause.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Eight Senators rose to second the call.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Count the other side,
Mr. President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those opposed
to ordering the yeas and nays on this amend-
ment will rise.
Thirty-six Senators rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays are refased. The noes have it, and the
amendment is disagreed to.
Mr. BAYARD addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill. [His remarks will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. CASSERLY. It is now twenty min-
utes before eleven o'clock. We have been in
session since eleven o' clock to-day, very nearly
twelve hours. Yesterday we were in session
more than twelve hours when we adjourned.
I think, so far as hours of work are concerned,
and hours devoted to steady work, the Senate
may be said to have done its duty to-day and
yesterday. I desire now to suggest publicly
what I spoke of during the day and at an early
hour to two gentlemen whose influence would
have brought about what I suggested bad they
desired to exert it. The debate on this meas-
ure has gone on for many hours. So far from
being exhausted, it is scarcely more than fully
under way. I say that with this limitation:
if the debate were to be carried on in any
proper manner, carried on freely, and without
the pressure of physical exhaustion, which,
of course, the majority can always enforce if
it sees fit. My suggestion is, that having
done so well as we have to-day and yesterday,
having worked so hard for so many hoors,
we make an agreement, by unanimous consent
of course, that the debate on this measure be
closed at three o'clock to-morrow, and that
we adjourn now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator fro in
California asbs unanimous consent that debate
on this bill may close at three o'clock to-mor-
row.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to that sugges-
tion, let me now, with great kindness and a
desire to promote a speedy adjournment u>
night, make a single remark. It is manifest
to the Senator that the majority of this body
are not inclined to make the agreement.
They are satisfied of their power to pass the
bill, their right to pass it, and that it is their
duty to pass it to secure fair elections in citi<"s
containing twenty thousand inhabitants. No
speech will be made on this side. That is
manifest already.
The minority have rights. Tbey have the
right undoubtedly to make their objections to
this bill, to make them in the most complete
manner, to present them as fully as tbey think
proper. But it seems to me, after they haw
done that, considering the enormous labor thu;
we have to pass through until the end ut' ilns
session, they ought to be satisfied, eupwiaiiy
as they have had the field b#fore tla-m with 110
oue to reply to the®. We are ail actuated by
a sense of duty in the course that we pursue.
I have been iu hopes that the minority, after
