m
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux in Tennessee—Mr. Maynard.
41st Cose....3d Sess.
brought the imperialism of the Csesars, and
the republic ceased to exist.
Sir, the glory of democratic'Governments
at last appears to be limited to but a short
period. So it has been in all the old States
of antiquity having a democratic or repub-
lican form of government. Where are they,
even in history? The Athenians, if anything,
were more democratic than we. The glory
of that people, as a nation, when we look
at it, is compressed within a very few years
for a State. From the confederation of Delos
down to the reign of the thirty tyrants was but
about seventy years, and from the time that
Thrasybulus drove out the thirty down to the
battle of Cheronasa, and then to the final sub-
jugation- of that people by Antipater, was but
about eighty years ; and in this small space of
time the fame of Athens was made immortal.
Her statesmen, her warriors, her philosophers,
her orators, her poets, still live. Her monu-
ments and her temples are still the admiration
and the emulation of mankind.
Do we love liberty more than did that peo-
ple? Are we more learned and intelligent
than were they? Are we more patriotic and
self-sacrificing than they ? No, Mr, President.
Behold their battle-fields ! behold their deeds
of glory! Platoea, Marathon, and Sulamis
have ever since inspired all people struggling
for liberty or in resisting the aggressions of
tyranny, and they will still continue to live in
history for the example and emulation of
mankind ; and yet withal we must, lament that,
as a free people, one hundred and fifty years
cover their history.
And, Mr. President, your present system of
legislation is but a repetition of the past, and
will in the end produce the results that ended
in the fall of the States of old. Your absorp-
tion of the powers of the States; your legisla
tion by which you take from the many and
give to the few by which you aggregate
wealth and combine capital, making it a power
in the State, by which you centralize and con-
centrate here all the ambition and all the
avarice, and, if you choose, all the glory
of the country, must eventually result in the
same consequences that always resulted in
all ages of the world from the establishment
of like principles of government. 1 would that
the people hear and understand before it is
too late. Remember, that once our federative
system is gone, that once the States are re-
duced and disappear, or only appear as the
mere municipalities of a central Government,
it is the end, I consider, of our free Govern-
ment. We may still continue as a nation, true;
for ages, it may be, strong and powerful in
all the elements that make up the form of a
State, whatever that State may be; but the
vital principle that goes down deep into a free
and a beneficent Government, a Government
of and for the people, will have been extin-
guished.
I did not expect, Mr. President, when I
rose to address the Senate upon this subject
that I would have so long required the indul-
gence of Senators, and I must express my
regrets.
And now, in conclusion, appealing to the
genins of American liberty, that it may once
more lift up the people to the exalted inspira-
tions and elevated sentiments that carried our
fathers successfully through the revolutionary
war, and, far above all, crowned tbeir military
triumphs by the establishment of our great
system of government, constructed, as they
all supposed, upon the enduring foundations
of the States, sovereign, free, and independ-
ent—let that genius of American liberty once
more lift up the American people, their minds,
their hearts, to that sublime height where
they may realize in all its length, breadth, and
depth that this great system of government
depends, and depends alone, for its continued
existence, and in the only beneficent spirit in
which it was organized, upon the maintenance
of the States in all their elemental, reserved
rights and powers,liberties, and customs; and,
once for all time, let it be impressed upon the
heart of every American freeman that a blow
struck at the States and against their common
and accepted rights is a blow struck at our
free republican institutions, the old Constitu-
tion, and free form of government; and let
it be still more impressed upon the heart that
as State after State and right after right and
power after power shall be stricken down by
the strong, aggressive hand of Federal power,
so shall follow, crumbling in one great con-
fused mass of indistinguishable ruin, this
magnificent edifice of our federative Union,
the very temple of our liberty.
May this good genius once more preside
over the counsels of our country in this Cham-
ber, where respect for old land marks and ven-
eration for old and tried institutions ought to
prevail, if nowhere else, and by its guiding,
exalted and gracious influences arrest us in
the wayward progress to tte ruin that lies
before us.
Ku Klux in Tennessee.
'SPEECH OF HON. H. MAYNARD,
OF TKNNESSKK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 1-1, 1871,
On the contested-oloction case of Sheafe vs. Till-
man, from the fourth congressional district of
Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, this case
has a wider significance than the relative claims
of the two contestants to the disputed seat, it
goes to the bottom of our electoral system.
Shall the popular will be expressed at the bal-
lot-box, under the protection of the law and
according to the forms of law, or shall violence,
actual and apprehended, decide?
the district.
The contest arises upon the election of No-
vember, 1808, in the fourth congressional dis-
trict of Tennessee. The district extends from
theeentcrof'theState southward to the Alabama
line, embracing the eight counties of Ruther-
ford,Cannon, Coffee, Marshall, Bedford, Giles,
Lincoln, aud Franklin. It includes the best
cotton-growing region of Middle Tennessee,
and has a large colored population. In sev-
eral of the counties the people during the war
were principally rebels; in others, Bedford for
instance, the Unionists were numerous and
influential.
_ state of this vote in the district.
While the state of political seutiment has
remained very firm, the fluctuations of the poll
have been very great. At the congressional
election in August, 18C7, the aggregate vote
was 12,673: for Mullins, the Republican can-
didate, 9.448; forCooper, the Democratic can-
didate, 3,225. At the congressional election
for the Forty-First Congress, in November,
1808, the.aggregate vote was 8,286: for Till-
man, the Republican candidate, 3,810; for
Sheafe, the Democratic candidate, 4,476. The
number of registered voters up to the 1st of
March, 1860, in six counties of the district,
not including the two counties of Lincoln and
Franklin, was 14,407; white 6,580, and colored
7.827. At the congressional election for the
Forty-Second Congress, in November, 1870,
the aggregate vote was 13,670; for Mullins,
the Republican candidate, 1,843; for Bright,
the Democratic candidate, 11,827. (See Ap-
pendix, A.)
Thus it will be seen that the entire vote
polled in 1870 was barely 1,000 above that
polled in 1867, and was 737 less than the regis-
tered vote of six of the eight counties in the
district on the 1st of March, 1869. Now, it
must be borne in mind that between the elec-
tions in 1867 and 1870 the restrictions had
been removed from the franchise, so that all
the rebels in the district were admitted to the
ballot-box upon the same terms as the loyal
men. In this way, not by any change in the
political sentiments of the district, the Demo-
cratic vote was increased from 3,225 in 1867 to
11,827 in 1870, an increase of 8,602. On the
other hand, the Republican vote was reduced
from 9,448 in 1867 to 1,843 in 1870, a reduc-
tion of 7,605, almost equal to the registered
colored vote of six counties on the 1st of
March, 1869.
The increase in the Democratic vote is easily
accounted for by the admission of the rebels
as voters to the polls, and in no other way.
But how shall we account for an almost equal
reduction at the same time in the Republican
vote? By the terms of the law no one was
debarred from voting in 1870 who was allowed
to vote in 1867; and it would naturally have
been expected that the Republican vote would
have rather increased than diminished.
cause of the changed vote.
The evidence taken in this case, from the
witnesses on both sides, very clearly explains
this surprising diminution. And the sum of
$4,500, allowed the contestant for his trouble,
is not incommensurate with the advantage to
the country in exposing, as has been most
effectually done, by testimony judicially taken,
under oath and on cross-examination, the ex-
istence and operations of the clandestine order
commonly called the Ku Klux Klan. Its exist-
ence had been most strenuously denied by the
Democratic press and speakers, and when
denial was impossible the order was treated
with affected levity, as a casual gathering of
irresponsible young men, or oftener as a mis-
chievous contrivance of negroes.
HISTOItY OF THE ORDER.
The organization took its rise in this district, '
in Giles county, near the beginning of 1867,
and by many is believed to have originated
under the patronage of a prominent and well-
known citizen of that county. General George
H. Thomas, who was then in command of the
department of the Cumberland, in his report
for 1868, says:
" With the close of the last and beginning of the
new year the Stateof Tennessee was disturbed by
the strange operations of a mysterious organiza-
tion known as Ku Klux Klan, which first made its
appearance in Giles county. Within a few weeks it'
had spread over a groat part of the State, and created
no little alarm.
"Organized companies of men, mounted and
armed, horses and riders being disguised, patrolled
the country, making demonstrations calculated to
frigh ton quiet eitizons, and in many instances abused
and outraged them, especially that class of colored
people who, by their energy, industry, and good
conduct, are most prominent."
Their operations were not confined to the
colored people. White men of Republican
sentiments, especially of northern birth, were
equally the objects of their enmity. Anony-
mous papers were freely used, sometimes in
the form of letters, sent through the post office
or dropped about the residence of the obnox-
ious person, sometimes posted up as notices
in public places, written commonly in whole
or in part with red ink. The following are
samples. Rev. H. O. Hoffman, Shelbyville,
Tennessee, found this one in his yard :
In Ku Ivlux Council, July 24,1868.
Rev. Mk. Hoffman : Your name is before the
council. Beware ! Wo will attend to you. You shall
not call us villains—damn you.
KU KLUX.
The next was addressed to Mr. William S.
Halley, teacher of a colored school at Poca-
hontas, Tennessee, and left at his house with
one of his pupils on the night of July 3, 1868:
Hidden Kecess, Untereified Retreat,
Klan of Vengeance! Etkbnity!
Villain, away 1 Ere another moon wanes, unless
thou art gone from the placo thy foul form dese-
