1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
41st Con<j....3d Sess.
Ku Klux in Tennessee—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. os Heps.
crates, thy unhallowed soul will be reveling in the
hell thy acts here hatlrmade hot for thee 1 William,
eat heartily, and make glad thy vile carcass,^ for
verily the 4' Palo Riders " will help on thy digestion 1
You and your friends will sleep an unawakening
sleep if you do! Dare you eatl The sacred serpent
has hissed the last time I Beware I
E. K. K.
Hundreds of similar missives were scattered
about over the State. Few prominent and
active Republicans, it is believed, but received
one or more. It may assist to a better under-
standing of these papers to add that the
first related to the previous whipping of Mr.
Dunlap, a teacher of a colored school, and
the second to a barbecue which was to have
been held by the colored people on the 4th
of July, in which Mr. Halley's school was to
participate. It is significant of the political
character of this order that its victims are
never Democrats; always Republicans, colored
or white.
manual of the order.
With the evidence in this case is the man-
ual or prescript, as it is called, of the order, a
small pamphlet of some sixteen pages, bound
in memorandum book style. The name of the
organization, and of its several divisions and
subdivisions, is not given, but left blank. And
when members of the order deny that they
are Ku Klux, or that they know any one who
is, U is quite possible that they tell the literal
truth. The first article reads:
44 This organization shall be styled and denomin-
ated the *
The document is interesting as furnishing
internal evidence of the sort of persons by
whom it was prepared. At the top and bottom
of each page is a motto in Latin, except in one
or two instances, when French is substituted,
sometimes common and hackneyed, but fre-
quently quite idiomatic and rare. Two intro-
ductory poetical passages appear, one from
Hamlet, the other from the Address to the Deil.
The names of the officers and of their functions
are all derived from literature, and are seldom
met with in common parlance. The diction is
scholarly, and the style denotes cultivation, and
the whole clearly indicates an origin with minds
capable of a purpose, and of the means to
accomplish it.
The extent of the order, in theory at least,
is manifest from the following article:
"Art. III. This * shall be divided into five
departments, all combined, constituting the Grand
* of the Empire; the second department to be
called the Grand * of the Realm; the third, the
Grand * of the Dominion: the fourth, the Grand
* of the Province; the fifth, the * of the Den."
The officers with the respective titles appear
in the preceding article:
"Art. II. The officers of this * shall consist of a
Grand Wizard of the Empire and his ten Genii; a
Grand Dragon of the Realm and his eight Hydras; a
Grand Titan of the Dominion and his six Furies; a
Crand Giaut of the Province and his four Goblins; a
Grand Cyclops of the Den and his two Nicht Hawks;
a Grand Magi, a Grand Monk, a Grand Exchequer,
aGrand Turk, aGrand Scribe, aGrandSentinel,and
a Grand Ensign.
" Sec. 2. The body-politic of this «* shall be
designated and known as 'Ghouls.'"
The time fixed for the term of the princi-
pal officers corresponds with the statement of
General Thomas respecting the appearance
of the order:
" The Grand Wizard of the Empire is hereby cre-
ated, to serve three years from the first Monday in
May, 1867; after the expiration of which time bien-
nial elections shall be held for that office as afore-
said. and the incumbent Grand Wizard shall notify
the Grand Dragons, at least six months before said
election, at what time and place the same will be
held."
It is evident that the organization was formed
some time before its movements attracted the
attention of the military commander; and we
may fairly trace to it the disorders which in
the spring and early summer of 1867 were
deemed snfHcicnt by the Governor and Legis-
lature of the State to require the calling out of
the militia.
The quasi military character of the order
sufficiently appears from the machinery con-
trived for the administration of what they call
"justice:"
"Art. VI. The tribunal of justice of this * shall
consist of a Grand Council of Yahoos and aGrand
Council of Centaurs.
"Sec. 2. The Grand Council of Yahoogshall be the
tribunal for the trial of elected officers, and shall bo
composed of officers of equal rank with the accused,
and shall be appointed and presided over by an offi-
cer of the next rank above, and sworn by him to
administer even-handed justice. The tribunal for the
trial of the Grand Wizard shall be composed of all
the Grand Dragons of the empire, and shall be pre-
sided over and sworn by the Senior Grand Dragon.
They shall have power to summon the accused, and
witnesses for and against him ; and if found guilty
they shall prescribe the penalty and execute the
same. Ana they shall have power to appoint an
executive officer to attend said council while in
session.
"Sec. 3. The Grand Council of Centaurs shall be the
tribunal for the trial of Ghouls and non-elective offi-
cers, and shall be composed of #ix judges appointed
by the Grand Cyclops from the Ghouls of his den,
presided over and sworn by him to give the accused
a fair and impartial trial. They shall have power to
summon the accused, and witnesses for and against
him; and if found guilty they shall prescribe the
penalty and execute the same. Said judges shall be
selected by the Grand Cyclops with reference to their
intelligence, integrity, and fair-mindedness, and
shall render their verdict without prejudice or par-
tiality."
The inviolable secrecy of the order is en-
forced by the " obligation," " interdiction,"
and "edicts:"
"Obligation.
"Art. VIII. No one shall be a member of this 
unless he shall take the following oath or obliga-
tion:
"*I, , of my own free will and accord, and
in the presence of Atuiighly God, do solemnly swear
(or affirm) that I will never reveal to any one not a
member of the * *, by any intimation, sign, sym-
bol, word, or act, or in any other manner whatever,
any of the secrets, signs, grips, passwords, mysteries,
or purposes of the * *, or that I am a member of
the same, or that I know of any one who is a mem-
ber, and thatl will abide by the prescript and edicts
of the * *. So help me God/
"Sec. 2. The preliminary obligation to be admin-
istered before the candidate for admission is taken
to the Grand Cyclops for examination shall be as
follows:
" 'i do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will never
reveal anything that I may this day (or night) learn
concerning the * *. So help me God.'
"Interdiction.
"Art. XII. The origin, designs, mysteries, and
ritual of this * shall never be written, but the
same shall be communicated orally.
"jEdicts.
"VII. The strictest and most rigid secrecy con-
cerning any and everything that relates to the *
shall at all times be maintained,
"VilL Any member who shall reveal or betray
the seerets or purposes of this * shall suffer the
extreme penalty of the law."
The vocabulary is doubtless significant; it
is certainly suggestive.
"Register.
"I.—1st. Dismal. 2d. Dark. 3d. Furious. 4th.
Portentous. 5th. Wondorful. 6th. Alarming. 7th.
Dreadful. 8th. Terrible. 9th. Horrible. 10th.
Melnncholy. 11th. Mournful. 12th. Dying.
"II.—I. White. II. Gictn. III. Blue. IV. Black,
V. Vcllow. VI. Crimson. VII  .
"III.—1. Fearful. 2. Startling. 3. Awful. 4. Wo-
ful. 5. Horrid. 6. Bloody. 7. Doleful. 8. Sorrow-
ful. 9. Hideous. 10. Frightful. 11. Appalling. 12.
Lost."
movements of the order.
So much for the order on paper, enough to
demonstrate what it would probably be in pur-
pose and design. Very few even of secret
societies that hesitate to avow both the pur-
pose and the design of their organization,
much less their existence. This secret cabal, it
has been seen, forbids the disclosure not only
of its design and purpose, but of its very exist-
ence. Accordingly, every Democratic organ
has bitterly and constantly denied every
report of their doings urging that the whole
was a tissue of Radical lies, or a plot of the
negroes to bring reproach upon the good name
of the submissive, orderly, and inoffensive
votaries of the late rebellion, now the victims
of a relentless persecution under the lead of
"carpet-baggers," and worthless natives, the
vile " scalawags" of the South 1
The evidence taken in this case, fortunately
for the truth, is decisive. Witnesses on both
sides and of both parties concur in state-
ment, leaving no room for the most skeptical
to doubt. The sum allowed by the Committee
of Elections to Mr. Sheafe for his expenses
will not be wholly lost to the country, since the
result has been the exposure of this secret con-
federacy. I propose to collate the testimony
upon this point.
coffee county.
W. P. Ford, a witness for Mr. -Sheafe, and a
justice of the peace, resides in Coffee county.
He says:
Question. Were there any disguised persons or
Ku K1 ux riding over your district thenight before the
election, or any nights a short time previous to the
election?
Answer. There were some disguised persons that
were in the neighborhood the night before. I met
them in my neighborhood, close to my home; about
one mile from same.
After mentioning a negro named Murphy,
who had declined to vote, he proceeds:
Question. Don't you know that he was whipped
the night before the election, by the so-called Ku
Klux?
Answer. He was not, that I have heard of; there
was another one of the same name whipped, as I
heard. I never knew that any of them were whipped,
to my own knowledge.
Question. You say that you met some persons in
disguise near your house on the nieht before the
election, on the 3d November, 1863. How many per-
sons thus disguised did yon meet?
Answer. I don't know how many there were ; I
would suppose there were twelve or fifteen.
Question. Did you know any of them? Did you
speak to them, or did they say anything to you?
Were they armed?
Answer. I didn't know any of them. No words
were spoken by them or me. It w?.s after dark; if
they were armed I don't know it; I did not see any
armed. '
Question. Did you ever see any other persons in
disguise before that time, or since, riding about
thnmsh your neighborhood, or elsewhere? Were
these persons known as Ku Klux?
Answer. I saw some others before that time ; they
were generally called Ku Klux in that country.^
Question. How often did you, before this time,
see Ku Klux, or persons in disguise, riding about
through the country, and how many were usually
together?
Answer. I don't know as ever I saw them riding
about before the night before the election; some
two, three, or four came to my yard one night before
that time, but they were walking; these were all the
disguised men I ever saw.
T. W. Turner, another witness for Mr. Sheafe,
living in the same county, says:
"Question. Did you say. in a former answer, that
you never saw or heard of any persous in disguise;
that is, any Ku Klux?
Answer. I said I never saw them.
Question. Did you or not ever see any person who
had been whipped or otherwise punished by men in
disguise?
Attfncer, If I did, Inever knew it.
Question. Have you not evidence sufficient to
make your mind satisfied that there were persons in
disguise who rode through your neighborhood or dis-
trict, threatening and intimidating negroes and
white Republicans: and have you not a belief that
amounts to knowledge that certain negroes were
punished b  them?
Answer. Only reports is all that I know about
that; there was such reports.
H. S. Emerson, another of Mr. Sheafe's wit-
nesses. living in the same county, says:
Question. Did you ever see any person in dis-
guise. generally known as Ku Klux, riding through
Manchester, or the county or district; if so, when,
where, and how often did you see such persons, and
how maoy were usually together ?
Answer. I did, one night; how many I cannot
say; in Manchester, the night before the election;
they were persons in disguise; I said nothing to them,
nor they to me; one night was the only time I ever
saw them.
Question. What did they do that night in your
town; did they make much noise in any part of your
town that night; and what was the effect on the
citizens? .
Answer. They were blowing their whistles, and
calling for water. I can't say as to the effect.
Question. Did they not go and make a deal of
noise and confusion in that part of the town that
the negroes resided; and were not the negroes and
Republicans, or Radical part of the people, greatly
alarmed that night and the next day ? _
Answer. I heard a good deal of noise in the direc-
tion of Hillsborough where some of the negro families
were living, and could hear their whistles in other
directions. I was not out among them that night. I
can't say thatl discovered any alarm next, day, asl
wa3 mostly in my office.
