1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Ku Klux in Tennessee—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Eeps.
W. C. Jennings, another of Mr. Sheafe's
witnesses, residing in the same county, says :
Question. Have you over seen any disguised per-
sons in your district or county, known as KuKlux;
if so, when and where, and how many were generally
together?
Anmoer. I never saw any but one time, about the
last of October or the 1st of November last; I saw
five; they passed by my house.
(Juration. What did they say to you, and where
were they going?
Ansvjer. I do not know what they said; they
grunted and groaned; nor do I know where they
were going.
Question. Do you know of any person whipped or
injured by them ?
Answer. I do not, to my own knowledge.
H. N. T. Shipp, a witness of Mr. Sheafe,
living in the same county.
Question. Did you ever see any persons in dis-
guise, generally known as Ku Klux, riding through
your neighborhood or district; if so, when, where,
and how often did you see such persous, and how
many were usually together?
Answer. I saw twelve pass my house, I think
about the 1st of October last: I saw them twice the
Barne night; I saw three in March, 1868, in Fayette-
ville, Tennessee, in day-time.
Question. Do you know of any persons that were
whipped or otherwise punished by these disguised
men; if so, whom?
Answer. I do not know oDly from hearsay, I know
nothing of my own personal knowledge.
Question. Do you know that most persons consid-
ered it very dangerous to speak in terms of condem-
nation of the KuKlux during the months of October
and November last year?
Answer. I heard some persons speak in such terms
of them, and I heard others speak differently; but
not many either way.
Joseph G. Carrigan, another of Mr. Sheafe's
witnesses, living in the same county, a lawyer
and editor, says:
Question. Ha ve you ever seen men disguised, com-
monly called Ku Klux; if so, when, where, and how
many were generally together?
AnswerI have; saw them in the town of Fayette-
ville. From two to ten were generally together. I
lived about three fourths of a mile from the town
last year and did not often visit it after night, and
my chances to see them were not as good as others.
M. C. Atkinson, also a witness of Mr. Sheafe,
and living in the same county, says:
Question. Have you ever seen at any time persons
disguised, generally known as Ku Klux, in your town
or county; if so, when, where, and how many gen-
erally wore together?
Answer. I have seen them, but cannot state &,t
what particular time; upon reflection, I saw them
at the March election, 1868, in Fayetteville, and
other times; generally not more than three or four
together.
Question. Did you see them on or about the time
of the last election in November last?
Answer. I may have seen them in that month; I
cannot state definitely.
Question. Did you see them in October, just before
the election ?
Answer. I may have seen them in that month.
Alfred Bearden, also a witness of Mr. Sheafe,
and living in the same county, says:
Question. Hare you ever seen at any time dis-
guised men, generally known as Ku Klux, in your
county; if so, when and where, and how many were
generally together?
Answer. I have seen them, I think, about five
different times. On the 4th of July, 1868, X saw from
fifteen to twenty in the town of Fayetteville. On
the 1st of August, at night the same year, I saw at
least two hundred. In December, 1868,1 saw four
at my farm, eleven miles southwest from Fayette-
ville. The other times I saw them in Fayetteville,
but do not remember the dates..
Question. What did they do and say?
Answer. With the exception of one time they be-
haved well, so far as I know, and molested no one
to my knowledge. The excepted time they arrested
Ben. Holmes on the south side of the public square
in Fayetteville, and carried him off^ The four that
were at my farm in December, 186S, came into a
dwelling on my place wet and apparently cold.
After warming for a time, informed me that my son
L. J. E. Bearden, had been thrown from his horse
that afternoon, and that his skull was thought to be
broken from the fall. One of the party then called
for writing-paper, and wrote with a pencil a note
addressed to Arch. Tanner, which he read in my
hearing, advising him not to talk so much, which
note he delivered to William Tillman, requesting
him to hand the same to Arch. Tanner. Soon after
they left stating that they had a long way to travel.
These were the last that I have seen.
Question. What did they do to Ben. Holmes?
Answer. I do not know, only from hearsay.
Question. Where is Ben. Holmes now ?
Answer, I do not know.
D. B. Shull, another of Mr. Sheafe's wit-
nesses, living in this county, says :
Question. Have you at any time seen these disguised
men; if so, when, where, and how many were gen-
erally together?
- Answer. I have seen them twice; once in Fayette-
ville; once at Captain Stone's—three, X think, at
each time. Those I saw in town were in the spring
of 1868; the others last December.
Question. Were not the mosfcofmen fearful to speak
in terms of disrespect of the Ku Klux, and were you
not, yourself, before the last congressional election ?
(Contestant makes the same objection to this as
previous cross-examinations.)
Answer. I had my fears of it, sir. As for others, I
cannot say; but I suppose they were, judging from
myself.
Question. Did not the negroes stand in great dread
ana fear of them ?
Answer. Not that I know of.
Question. Were any of them whipped or otherwise
cruelly treated by them?
Answer. I heard of oneor two instances.
Question. Did those one or two cotneto the election
and vote?
Answer. One of them did, I know; but I don't know
what the other done.
Question. What did they whip them for ?
Answer. I understood for mi«conduct-
Question. What kind of misconduct; what had they
done?
Answer. Threatsmade against them, theKu Klux.
Question. Was it dangerous for white persons to
speak in terms of condemnation of the Ku Klux as
well as the blacks?
Answer. The whites were fearful to speak of them
in harsh terms—some of them.
H. H. Bledsoe, also a witness for Mr. Sheafe,
and living in this county, says :
, Question. Did you ever see any persons in your
district or county disguised, commonly known as
Ku Klux; if so. when, where, and how many gen-
erally together?
Answer. I saw some once in September last. They
were at my house—three of them. They were the
only ones that I ever saw in the county that I
remember.
Question. Did or did not the white Republicans,
and also the colored Republicans, stand in great
dread and fear of the Ku Klux before the last con-
gressional election in November last ?
Answer. I cannot say whether they were afraid
or not. .T never heard them express themselves as
being in dread.
Question. Were there any negroes whipped in
your district or county previous to the last congres-
sional election by theKu Klux?
Answer. I don't remember of any being whipped
in our district. I heard of some over the county,
but I don't know it to be so of my own knowledge.
Robert Farquharson, also a witness for Mr.
Sheafe, living in this county, a lawyer and a
ii colonel in the southern army," says :
Question. Have you ever seen at any time any
disguised men, commonly known as Ku Klux; if
so, when, where, and how many were generally
together?
Answer. I have seen several persons at several
different times going about the htreets of Fayette-
ville disguised. They were commonly called the
Ku Klux. At one time aboutadozen of them called
at my house and asked for water, which I gave them.
I have seen smaller numbers—say three or four at a
time—going about the streets, and occasionally call-
ing at some gentleman's house, I have always seen
them in the night—never in the day-time; and I
think the times I have seen them wasshortly before
and after the election referred to.
William N. Wright, a witness for Mr. Till-
man, living in the same county, who voted for
Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. Did you ever see any persons disguised,
commonly called Ku Klux; if so, when, where, and
how many wero generally together, and were they
armed?
Answer. I have seen persons disguised, commonly
designated as Ku Klux; I cannot state the exact
time; I saw them on one of the streets and also on
the public square, and generally there were not
more than from six to ten; I have seen arms among
them; on one occasion I saw them in considerable
numbers.
Question. Did you see them before or since the
presidential election on the 3d of November, 1868?
Answer, I have seen them both before and sinco
the presidential election.
Question. From what you saw and heard of them,
and from the reported doings and sayings through
the public press and general and common rumor,
did it have the effect upon you and others to dread
and fear them?
Answer. It did noton me. It was reported to have
caused some persons to dread and fear them, and I
believe it to be so.
Question. Were you orwere you not cautioned not
to speak your mind so freely, or too freely about
them; that there was danger in doing so?
Answer. I believe I have received such cautions;
but I do not know that it was from them, (the Ka
Klux.)
Question. State whether or not the Republican
party, more particularly the colored Republicans,
were not in great fear and dread of them, on and
before the said presidential election?
Answer. Those who feared'them generally belonged
to the Republican party; but I do not believe that
they all feared them.
Question. Would it not have been dangerous for
the white Republicans, and more especially the col-
ored Republicans, to have openly denounced and
condemned them before the last election ?
Ansxcer. I believe it would.
Question. Do you know of or have you heard of
many persons, white and colored, that have been
whipped or otherwise injured by these disguised
men in this county?
Answer. I do not know of many, but have heard
of some.
James Kirkpatrick, another witness for Mr,
Tillman, living in the same county, says:
„ Did you ever see any persons in dis-
guise in this county, commonly called Ku Klux; if
so, when, where, and how many were generally
together ?
Answer I saw two at my own dwelling. I saw
about six or seven at my father-in-law's (Mr. Alfred
Bearden) residence in this place, on the night his
daughter was married. Tho^e were all I ever saw;
do not know how many went together, only from
rumor. My impression is that it was after the pres-
idential election, but I am not positive.
Question. What did they do and say at those times
you saw them ?
Answer. They came to my house about half past
eight o'clock, and made what I consider very silly
remarks; one of them had a private conversation
with a gentleman friend of mine who was spending
the night with me; they never 3aid an unkind word?
one of them asked for a drink of water: they did not
do anything while there that I could take any excep-
tions to. On the other occasion they came to my
father-in-law's gate, and some of the girls took some
cake out to them. I did not hear them make any
rough remarks or use any unkind remarks.
Question. From what you saw and heard of them
and from their reported sayings and doings through
the public press and common rumor, did it have the
effect upon you and others to dread and fear them T
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did it silence you and others in avowing
your political sentiments, and deter you and others
from voting them, at the election in or at the No-
vember election, on the 3d of said month, in the year
1868?
Answer. I think it had but very little to do with
me any way. So far as my voting was concerncu, I
really did not know that theelection cameupon the
day upon which it did come. I had but little to d<>
with politics at that time, the way things stood. X
cannot answer for others. I heard men talking that
they were afraid to go to the election. I did not go
to the election. There were fifteen hands on my
farm, and there were ten or twelve who could have
voted, but did not, but there were two who did vote?
and one of them was sent for that day and voted
when he came here, so he told me. 1 hardly know
what I mean to say. I do not want to say anything'
if I can help it. It did not deter me from voting.
Question. Mr. Kirkpatrick, have you always been
treated kindly by the citizens of this county; if not
so, state how you have been treated and by whom,
and for what, and are you not fearful to give your
testimony in this case, fearful that you would be
treated bad again?
Answer. As kindly as any other man up to the
time the war begun, then I feel that I was badly
treated, first, by being tried to be forced to fight in
the war that I did not want to fight in. Second, by
men that I called bushwhackers. I was robbed and
shot in the night, called out of the bed at half past
eleven o'clock by bushwhackers. I opened the door
for them, aiter being ordered to do it. ^ I left my
home soon after, and went to Shelbyville inside
of the Federal lines, remained there twenty-seven,
months, came to Lincoln county and went to farm-
ing, have stayed at home from many places since that
that I would have gone to, had it not have been for
the prejudice that I felt there was toward me.
People in general have treated me kindly: X have
had on some occasions rough remarks made to me
since the war; 1 have been cursed and abused; I
cannot say that I have been taunted lately; I have
been treated better within the last twelve months.
Yes, I am afraid to give my testimony in this case,
I am afraid that it will stir up past strife.
Nelson Edmondson, colored, a witness for
Mr. Tillman, living in the same county, says:
Question. Did you ever see, at any time, disguised
men, commonly called Ku Klux; if so, when,where#
and how many were generally together?
Ansioer. Yes, sir; 1 have seen them; the first I
saw them I sawfour, thenext time two, and thethird
time-two, and the next time four; that was beiore
the election that I saw the first four and the first
two; and saw the others after the election; they
were at my house each time.
Question. What did they say and rlo; did they say
anything about the election; if so, what was it ?
Answer. The first two that came to my house asked
