1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Ku Klux in Tennessee—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
were hunting Radicals. They then called for the
colored man. I could not understand what they said
to him. I did not know that they were after me, but
I believed that I had some personal enemies in that
portion of the county that might treat me roughly,
and I did not want them to get hold of me, and was
the cause of me running; at least that was the last
demonstration that was ever made by the disguised
party, if that was one. I was frequently asked the
question if I was whipped by them. I told them I
never had been, which was so, and I could not tell
which it was, me or the negro, that they were after.
I was always afraid that some of my personal ene-
mies wo aid whip me, and I lay out or a night very
often after that occurred, till the first Monday in
February in this year. I became satisfied that I was
not in any particular danger since that up till now.
X felt as safe as I ever did.
Question. How long was it before or since the
presidential or congressional election of the 3d
November last did this last demonstration of these
disguised men occur ?
Answer. It was just before the July term of court
a few days. That was before the presidential elec-
tion, 1868.
Question. Did you have an opportunity of know-
ing the state of feeling in this county in relation to
the Ku Klux, which party were they most popular
with, the Democratic or Republican?
Answer. My judgment would be it was the Demo-
cratic party ; I had a very good opportunity of
knowing. There were several persons told me that
it was in direct opposition to the league.
Question. State whether or not there was or was
not a perfect reign of terror in the Republican party,
more especially with the colored portion of said
party, in relation to the Ku Klux in this county?
Answer. I should say there was.
Question. Did or did not many of said party report
to you that they had been whipped or otherwise ill-
treated by them?
Answer. Yes, sir; they did.
James H. Carey, another witness for Mr.
Tillman, living in the same county, says :
Question. Have you ever seen any disguised men
in this eoointy, commonly called Ku Klux; if so,
when, where, and how many were generally to-
gether? Tell all they said and done.
A nno*r. I saw some once in disguise; it was at my
father's house. There was somewhere between fif-
teen and tweuty. I do not think all had on their
garb. Tbey said they were on the hunt of Andy Rus-
sell. They wanted to make bim issue certificates to
all who wanted them ; if he did not he would go up.
It was my brother, John Carey, they were talking
to. They first asked if we knew where he was. He
told them he did not know where he was. He told
them that Russell had left there to go to Boon's Hill
or Clifton that day or night. He said, to appoint
judges and clerks for election. That was in May,
l®68- , «
Question. Did they tell your brother to tell Russell
what they said about issuing tickets, and that he
would go up if he did not issue them to all who
wanted them; if so, did you or your brother tell Rus-
sell what they said ?
Answer. Yes, sir; theytold my brother that Russell
would go up if he did not issue certificates to all who
wanted them, and I told Russell myself what they
said.
Joseph H. Pigg, of the same county, a wit-
ness for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Be pleased to state if you ever saw at any
time any disguised men, commonly called Ku Klux ;
if so, when, where, and how many were together ;
tell all they said and did; and also what they done
in your neighborhood, and said ?
Answer. On Saturday night, before the presidential
election, four Ku Klux came to my house and asked
me to get up, they wanted to see me; I got up and
opened the door, and asked them to not come in the
bouse, it would excite my family; they said they
would not intrude on my lady; they asked me then
many foolish questions; then demanded my arms;
I refused to give them up; they repeated it often; t
still refused, and did not give them up. They tried
all measures to get me out of the house. They said
if I did not come out and bring my pistols out, they
would have to come in and search till they got them;
I told them that I had asked them as gentlemen not
to come in my house; I told them that they would
have to come if they would not stay out by me asking
them; that I was not going out to them to take my
pistol. They said they were ordered to come and
get my pistols. I asked them who ordered them;
they said it was none of my damned business. One
remarked to go and get more men; another said
they did not need any more; they were not ordered
to take the man, it was his pistol. I told them that
I had a right to ask them who ordered them, when
they wore ordered. One remarked the Grand Cy-
clops. I told them that I had stood there and talked
as long as I was going to; I went to bed; left the
light burning and the door open; they stood in the
door and ordered mo to still come out and bring out
them pistols. I told them i hat I had told them plain
thatlwas notco.ming outthere, and Idid not intend
to, and they wanted to know if I could not be forced
out. I told them, as a matter of course, a-set of armed
men could force a man to do anything. They said
if I would not come out that I would have to abide
by the conscquence, and that would be pretty bad.
Th ey started off then, and told me good-by, old man,
you must come to see me. I asked them where I
must come to. They said I must come to Virginia,
and asked me if I would be sure to come. I told
them it was a good piece from home, but may be I
would call some time in passing. On Sunday night,
before the second Monday in July, 1868, there were
eight came to my hou^e. and I was not at home;
they broke down both doors, and searched the house
up stairs and below, and said they were hunting for
me? and told a young man that I had living with
me that they heard that I was going to make up a
militia company, aad if they got ahold of me I would
go up, or something to that amount, and took this
young man out and blindfolded and threatened him
a good deal if he did not tell where I was. I was
that night at Mr. Carey's, sitting up with Henry; he
was sick. The young man left me then, aud would
not stay with me any longer. When they started off
they charged the young man and the family to never
tell it, and there would never be any more of it. A
few days before the county elections in May, 1868,
they went around ordering the negroes in my neigh-
borhood to stay at home and not go to the election;
if they .did, they would come to see them again. One
negro told me that he went to the election and voted;
they came back to see him and give him a good
whipping, and told him that they warned^ him to
not go, but he thought they were joking; his name
was Ed. Jacobs. After that they taken out a negro
named Beverly Pigg, and taken a leather strap and
said they were going to make a man out of him. He
told me they hit him fifty or sixty licks, he thought.
I believe that is about ail I have got to say on that
subject.
John Carey, representative in the State
Legislature from Lincoln county, and a witness
for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Did Republicans turn out and attend the
pretended election on the 3d of November last m
your county?
A nswer. They did not, so far as I know.
Question. Please state why, in your opinion, Re-
publicans refused or declined to attend the public
discussions; was it because they were indifferent to
the result of the election, or some other cause or
causes?
Answer. My opinion is that they were afraid to
attend the public speaking on account of the doings
and workings of the Ku Klux, and not that th ey were
indifferent to the cause, and many of themstated to
me that was the reason.
Question. Were you yourself ever visited by the
Ku Klux? If so,state when and how many there
were present, and what they said and did.
Answer. I was, in May, 1868: there were fifteen or
more. They came up in a lope and went past the
house and pulled the fence down and rode up to the
window and asked if Russel was there and repeated
it several times, and said that if they found Russel,
if he did not issue certificates to all they said were
entitled to them, he would go up, and repeated it
several times; and another said they would break
his damnedneck; and another said they wouldshoot
the damned out of him if he did not give them
certificates, and ordered me to go. and briog him to
Fayetteville next day by ten o'clock and I would
share the same fato if I did not; that they intended
to rule this country, and intended to see every man
that voted the Radical ticket, and if they did not get
to Vote nobody else should; and those that voted that
ticket could'nt live in this country; and you had
better mind how you talk and conduct yourself, for
if we ever have to visit you you may bid your friends
Sood by: and I want you and old Bill AVyatt, and old
irownlow and his nigger Legislature to know thatwe
intend to rule this country, and woe be unto theman
that crosses our track. This is all I recollect; but
there was a great deal more said, as there was some-
times five or six talking at once.
Question. Did you report to Russel what they said
to you about him?
Answer. I did.
E. P. Reynolds, of the same county, a wit-
ness for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Were you in Lincoln eounty during last
summer and fail, and did the Republicans of your
eounty vote in the last presidential election last
November? And, if not, please state the cause or
causes that operated to prevent a free and full vote
of the Republican party.
Anstoer. I was in Lincoln county during last sum-
mer and fall; and the reason I assign for the Repub-
licans not voting in the election last November ison
account of the operations of the Ku Klux; they had
showed themselves so hostile to the Republicans that
it had created a reign of terror among the Republi-
cans, more especially the colored Republicans, that
it was thought unsafe to vote; and consequently they
did not vote/or at leastsofewthatitdidnot amount
any that voted. „ , _ .
Question. If there could have been a free and fair
election in Lincoln county last November, how would
the vote have stood between the two parties, to the
best of your judgment? #
Answer. I would say that itwould havestood about
two for the Republican candidate to onefor the Con-
servative candidate, if not more.
Question. How long had the Ku Klux been oper-
ating in your county previous to the election last
November? . .
Answer. The first time I seen any of them was on
the day of our March election—the March before—
but I had heard of them before that time.
Question. Was there any violence done Repub-
licans at or on thadayof your spring or March elec-
tion or elections? If so, please state what it was?
Answer. There was no violence shown in our March
election, but in the election held on the 23d day of
May following there was. A Republican was sh'ot by
a Conservative at the? voting place in 3?ayetteville,
our county seat.
Question. Did the violence of Ku Klux toward
Republicans cease with the election of November
last; and, if not, when did they cease? And state,
if you know, how their outrages came to cease, if they
have ceased.
Answer. They did not cease with the election, and
not until the Governor ordered out the militia, and
was preparing to send them out in the different coun-
ties, at which time I and Thomas J. McGarvy was
invited to a conference, one evening, to be had with
General John M. Bright, J. B. Lamb, and others, to
see if the militia could not be stopped. They wero
influential Democrats butMcGarvy and myself, and
they expressed themselves very uneasy about the
militia coming into our county, and wanted us to go
and see the Governor and General Cooper and see
if we could not 3top them; but we declined going to
see the Governorunless^somc of them went with us,
saying, at the same time, that we would rather have
militia than Ku Klux. but did not wanteither, when
they told us if we would keep the militia off the
county they would try to stop the Ku Klux. With
this understanding. Thomas J. McGarvy and myself,
on the part of the Republicans, and James B.Lamb,
Thomas J. Gray, W. N, Wright, I. P. Dismukes, J.
W. Newman, and Robert Farquharson, on the part
of the Democrats, went to Nashville and had a con-
ference with General Cooper, in which he promised
ns if we would go home and stop the operations of
the Ku Klux,and execute tholaw, the militia would
not be sent upon the county; if not, he would send
them out and execute the law, and stop the Ku Klux
himself. With this promise from Cooper, our com-
mittee promised him they would go home and try to
stop them; that was by the Conservative men that
was along with us. We went home with that under-
standing, and on the Monday following therc^ was
speeches made by Dismukes.and others, advising
the people to stop the Ku Klux, when their oper-
ations ceased at once.
On cross-examination this witness says:
There wasamanbythe name of Burns taken from
an officer, killed, and thrown into the Elk river by
men in disguise, and the report is that he was a
horse-thief, and said to have been a rebel.
Here this man's history ends, killed, thrown
into the river, and his character blackened to
discourage inquiry. May he not have been a
member of the order, convicted by the Grand
Council of Centaurs'J of revealing their secrets,
and made, in this way, to *' sufFer the extreme
penalty of the law?"
MARSHALL COUNTY.
William F. Dyer, of Marshall county, a wit-
ness and a voter for Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. Did you ever see any persons in disguise,
generally known as Ku Klux, riding through your
neighborhood or county; if so, when, where, and
how often did you see such persons, and how many
were usually together?
Answer. I never saw but one man that was called
Ku Klux in my life. He rode through Moorsville
the last of July or 1st of August, 1868.
Question. Was not there a great deal of talk, and
was not the public mind greatly exercised about the
Ku Klux about the time of the Inst election ?
Answer. I heard a good deal of talk about the Ku
Klux ; but I think it was a right smart while before
the election.
Question. How long before the election? Specify
the time as near as you can.
Answer. I can't specify the time, for there was talk
before and after the election, and it was said that
they had a good effectupon the darkies—made them
work better; I never saw a man speak to one on
the day of election. They might have all been
trained before the election. I can't say about that,
and the people spoke favorably of the Ku Klux;
that the negro worked better; that they made better
crops for themselves and their employers than they
did the year before.
"William Arthur, of the same county, a wit-
ness and voter for Mr. Sheafe, after speaking
of a murder committed in the county, says :
Question. Was any person or persons ever arrested
about said murder?
Answer. Not that I recollect of.
Qufstion. Was not said murder committed only a
few days before the election in November last, and
was it not within a few miles of this place ?
Answer. I don't rccollect how long it was before
the election. I don't think it was a great while be-
fore. Some thi ee or four miles from this place where
it was said to be done.
Question. What was the effect of the general talk
of and about theKu Klux organization upon the col-
ored people; was it calculated in your opinion to
