222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux in Tennessee—Mr. Maynard.
41st Cono....3d Sess.
through back door or window to escape threatened
violence? And if so, state when and where?
Answer. I went to Lewisburg to issue certificates.
There was two orthree others with me. They advised
meto adjourn for dinner; they advised me to make
my escape from there,that I was in danger. I was
conducted through a back door, ray horse was
brought to me, and I made my escape.
Question. Did not a general reign of terror prevail
in your county last summer or fall, so much so that
many Republicans, white and black, either lay out
of their houses of nights, or resorted to unusual bar-
riug and bolting of their doors? Please state what
you may know-on this point.
Antiwer. Yes, sir. That state of affairs existed at
that time.
FRANKLIN COUNTY.
H. Zerbe, a resident of this county, aud a
witness for Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. Don't you know a general fear of what
was called Ku Klux prevailed among the colored
people about the time of that election, November,
1808?
Answer. No, sir: I don't know anything about the
Ku Klux. I have never seen one. If there is such
an organization, I know nothing about it.
Question. Have you not heard a groat deal of the
sayings and doings of what are commonly called Ku
Klux?
Answer. I have heard a good deal of talk about
them through the country.
Question* You say you think the election at Win-
chester was properly and quietly conducted: yet was
there not somo disturbance in town that day; was
there not a man shot that morning of the election ?
Amwer. The election was conducted properly and
quietly,so far a* 1 know.' Tho man was shot during
my absence at Decherd. At the polls there was no
disturbance.
Question. Did you see the man after ho was shot,
and did you know him?
Answer. I saw the man after ho was shot; I was
not acquainted with him.
Question. Did tho man livo or did ho die shortly
after being shot?
I loarnt-d that ho died shortly after.
Question. Do you know whether he was a Repub-
lican or a Democrat?
-.lanoer. I know not. I never was acquainted with
the man.
Question. Did not tho Tvu Klux, or persona in dis-
guise, in or about the Uuio of tho election, take from
your county jail a white man and hang him toatreo
in your court-houae yard ?
Answer. I was told (hero was a man linng in tho
court-house yard by men who woro in disguise; that
he was taken from the jail.
John Wilder, of the same county, a witness
for Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. Don't you know tho doings and cur-
rently reported sayings and doings of what is called
Ku Klux operated generally upon tho colored people
to make them fear interruptions or trouble if they
offered to vote?
Answer. I don't know any thing about them. I'vo
heard talk of them.
Question* Hove you not heard a great deal about
them, and don't you know there was a general dread
of them both by white and black Republicans?
Answer, 1 couldn't sav positively. I've heard
people say they were afraid.
•Tames Sargent, of the same county, and a
witness for Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. From tho doings and reported sayings
and doings of the ICu Klux, do you or do you not
know that, tho Republican vote was cither deterred
from voting or voted the Democratic tioket through
fear?
An*io«r. I can't say they voted through fear;
don't know that they did.
Question. Have you ever sccnKu Klux; and,if so,
when, where, and how many?
Answer. I have seen men in dtoguiso as often as
two or three times; I could not tell how many; might
have been eight 01 nine, maj bo more. Itwassorue
lime last fall I saw them. They were at my houso
once, and they passed once.
Question. Did they have arms or not?
xlnmofr. I think I saw one with a belt around him
the night they were at my house.
Nathan Frizzell, jr., coroner of Franklin
county, an original secessionist, a witness for
Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. As coroner of this county did you hold an
inquest upon the body of Raleigh Dodson, who was
loundhanginginthecoart-houxeyard? If so, please
state when this hanging occurred. State if you know
how many indictments were pending against him in
the eiicuit court oi thivs county, and for what offense.
If you have any means of knowing anything about
who perpetrated this banging state th m. I ask, of
course, for fact* within your own knowledge, and
please state all such facts m your possession.
Armoey. As coroner of this county, I did some time
in the first of December. 186S, hold an inquest upon
the body of one Raleigh Dodson .who was found dead,
hung by the neck to a tree in the court-house yard
in "ft incbester. I do not remember what day in De-
cember this was, but it was in the latter part of
November or the 1st of December,-and while the
circuit court of this county was in session. I found
him hanging soon in the morning. I gammoned a
jury as soon as I could and held the inquest. I ex-
hausted all means within my power to ascertain the
parties who perpetrated the deed, but was unable,
after keeping the jury together all day, to find out
anything further than several masked men went to
the jail the night before and forcibly took him out
and hung him. Several of the men wore seen by
some citizens of this placo, including the jailor, who
is well acquainted, and they were strangers. There
were three indictments pending in the circuit court
of this county against said Dodson for murder at
the time he was hung. The motion was pending
before his honor. Judge Patterson, holding the cir-
cuit court at this place, by the defendant to change
the venue in said causes from this to Bedford county,
which motion had been argaod, but had not been
disposed of by tho court.
Question. Yousay that Dodson was hung by masked
men; have you ever seen at any time men or persons
in disguise ; if so, when, where, and how many were
generally together?
liwwer. I never but once in my life; that was in
Winchester, some time last winter. There were
eight or ten men in the crowd at that time; they
were on horseback; this was after dark; this is the
only time X ever saw any.
Question. Were not the Republican party, both
white and colored, in great dread and fear of these
disguised men, commonly called Ku Klux ?
Answer. Idonotknow. I have heard of some few
instances in which they were reported as saying
they toared them; but the instances are very few.
M. C. Whipple, of the same county, a wit-
ness for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Have you seen at any time persons in dis-
guise, commonly called Ku Klux; if so, when, where,
and how many woro generally together?
Answer, I have seen the persons in disguise, com-
monly calledlCu Klux: saw them on the publicsquare
in Winchester, Tennessee, at times during tho spring
and summer of 18(58; various numbers; one time
ten to fifteen, at another thirty to forty.
Question. What effect was produced by them upon
tho public mind generally ? And state particularly
the effect produced by them on the Republican
voters in this county, both colored and white, before
and at tho election in November 3,1868.
Answer. When tho Ku Klux first appeared here
early in 18(38, they seemed only to effoottho negro;
but by and before tho election in November, 18G8,
because of their appearance and actions, tho public
mind became a groatdoul excited, more particularly
Republicans, both whifo and colored.
Question. Did the Ku Klux visit Winchester at any
short time beloro tho olcotiou; if so, how long be-
fore, and did their visit and conduct keep any por-
sons from tho polls on the day of the election ?
•^Answer. The'Ku Klux, so called, were in Winchester
tho night before tho presidential olection, in Novem-
ber. 18G8; to best of my knowledge, about thirty-five
in number; their visit had the eifcct ofnntimidat-
in# Republican votora in this vicinity, both white
and colored ; and I think voters did not come to tho
polls on election day by reason of their appearance
here; 1 knew of persons then who did not come to
tho polls, but 1 cannot name the persons now.
S. D. Mather, of the same county, a witness
for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Didyou evor see any disguised men, com-
monly called Ku Klux; if so, when,where, and how
many were generally together, and were they armed?
Answer, On tho 31st day of October, 1868, at night,
six disguised men came into my yard and demanded
tho arms of colored men working lor me. Also, on the
night of the second night of November, 1868, saw
about twenty or twenty-fivepass my residence. Did
not see any arms the first night, it being too dark,
and tho second night being too far distant.
Question. Did they take the arms Irom the colored
men ; it so, what did they do with them?
Answer. They took no arms from any person on my
place, there being none, but took a pistol from a
black man living on his own place adjoining mine.
Question. What did they say their object was in
taking the arms from the colored men ?
Answer. Tho negroes reported to me that they
wanted the arms so that at the election if any of
them were knocked down, that they could not hurt
anybody.
Question. From what you saw and heard of them,
and from their reported sayings and doings, through
the public press and general common rumor, did it
have any effect upon you and others to dread and
fear them?
Answer. The eolored men in my neighborhood, as
a general thing, were apprehensive of danger, many
of them remaining away from the polls on election
day. X do not know that I folt any personal danger,
but my wife was very muck al&rraed on my account.
Joel G. McCutcheon, of this county, a wit-
ness for Mr. Tillman, says :
Question. State whether or not you ever saw, a
short time prior to the election, roving bands of
disguised men armed, known generally as Ku Klux ;
if so. how often and how many were generally
together?
Anzvoer. I saw one night, men represented to be
Ku Klux. I don't think there were more than eight-
een or twenty.
William G. Krume, of the same county, a
witness for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Did you ever see any Ku Klux in this
town or county; if so, when, where, and how many
were generally together?
Answer. I have seen men in disguise, whom I took
to be Ku Klux, last fall, shortly before the election.
I have seen them in different places. Saw them in
Winchester at different times, and in the county
twice. I saw once probably from five to eight; at
another time I saw, I can't say exactly how many,
probably from twenty-five to thirty-five. I saw
them in little squads of five and eight, and a time
or two in squads of twenty-five to thirty-five.
Question. From what you saw and heard of them,
and from their reported sayings and doings, through
the public press and general and common rumor,
did it or did it not have the effect upon you and
others to fear and dread them ?
Answer. Yes,*it_did upon me; and from what I
heard others a ay, it had the same effect on them.
Question. Did it silence you and others in avowing
your political sentiments and deter you and others
from voting them at the November election lor Presi-
dent nnd member of Congress in the year 1S68?
Answer. It silenced me, and from what I've heard
silenced others in avowing our political sentiments.
I hardly know what to say. I did not vote for va-
rious reasons, and heard others sav that they did not
vote because they were afraid to vote.
Question. Did you ever hear any colored voters say
that they voted the Democratic ticket through foar,
contrary to their sentiments?
Answer. I have, several.
Alexander H. Gustin, of the same county,
a witness for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. State what are your polities, and state
whether or not you were ever treated badly by any
disguised men; if so, tell all about it; when and where
it occurred.
Answer. I am a Republican. I have been treated
badly by disguised men ; on the 2d of last November,
on Monday night, they came to my houso about
eleven o'clock and threatened to break ray door
open, and I told them the first man who broke my
door open X would shoot him; I think there were
about thirty or forty of them; there might not havo
been so many; when X said that they all jumped off
and fired fifty or sixty pistols, and threatened to set
tho houso on fire; I told my brother I thought it was
pretty hot work, wo had best get out of the house
and go down m the woods; they would not hurt tho
women. When wo ran down they hollered, "Shoot
the damned Radicals I Shoot the damned Radicals 1"
They came in the house, stole a rifle I had there, and
insulted my wife the worst kind ; she sick in bed.
They bursted the doors all in, smashed my window-
frames,and broke all the window-panes except three;
there were twelve in and they broke nine; the lower
window-sash, frame and all, was broken out. My
wife and child were sick, and they insulted my wife
by poking out their tongues at her and leaning over
the bed.
Question. IIow long did you and your brother re-
main down in the woods, and did you lie out on any
other occasion in consequence of fear of them ?
Answer. We remained, I judge, about one hour:
we laid outeithertwoorthree nights in consequence
of foar of them after that; Dr. Grant sent word to
my brother by little Joe Bryant that they, the dis-
guised men, were coming on Wednesday night, tho
day after the election, to murder us; my wife was
scared so I had to send for Dr. Grant; he sat up with
her one night;_Dr. Grant said she came very near
having congestion of the brain.
Arington C. Williams, of this county, a wit-
ness for Mr. Tillman, speaking of the absence
of the colored men from the election, says:
Question. Had there been operations of Ku Klux
around about that place previous to that time ; and
were the firing of guns and pistols heard in that
neighborhood on the morning of the election ?
Answer. The Kukluxing was pretty considerable
previous to that time in that neighborhood. Tho
firing was heard pretty extensively, as far as I c-ould
hear, on that morning.
Jasper N". McCutcheon, of the same Gounty,
a witness for Mr. Tillman, says :
Question. You say in your answer above that you
are well acquainted with the people of this county;
state whether or not you ever saw ro\ ing bands of
disguised men, a short time before the election, or
the 3d of November, 1868, going about at night, to
the terror of the people; and state whether or not
such conduct intimidated many Republicans from
coming out to the polls and others Irom voting their
real sentiments who did vote for Sheafe in said
election.
Answer. I saw such a roving band on the night
before the election, on the 3d day of November, 1SC3.
I think they were a terror to a great many people,
especially among the negroes, and a good many
white Republicans, and even to some who were
conservative in their sentiments. I think they (the
Ku Klux) by their conduct intimidated many Repub-
licans from coming to the polls; and, from conver-
sations had with negroes since said election, can say
