$26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Eeps.
Charges against General Howard—Mr. Perce.
41st Cong.,..3d Sess.
the murder?, to say nothing of otber outrages, would
average one a day, or one for every twenty-four
hours: that in the greut majority of these cases they
have been perpetrated by the Ku Klux above refer-
red to, and few, if any, h.ivo been brought to pun-
ishment. A number of the counties of this State
nre entirely at the mercy of this organization, and
roving bands of nightly marauders bid defiance to
the civil authorities and threaten to drive out every
man, white or black, who does not submit to their
arbitrary dictation."
Andrew J. Fletcher, late secretary of State,
a witness tor Mr. Sheafe, says :
Question. Do you know ornot.fromcurrentreports
and newspaper article*, whether or not great vio-
lence nud lawlessness prevniled in the fourth con-
gressdonal district during tho summer and f.ill of
18t>8. nHeged to have been committed by Ku Klux,
so calicd ; and from said reports were not those acts
generally committed upon Republicans?
Antwrt'. I he rd and road many accounts of vio-
lence ami lawlessness in the fourth district before
and about lb"1 time of the election, but have no per-
sonal knowledge of the facts. It was considered the
strongest Ku Klux region in tho State.
Question. Were you or n« t invited to make some
fpeechfsi in the fourth district during th« presidential
canvass of last your ; and did you or not consider it
unsafe Jor Republicans to canvass freely in said dis-
trict; and have you not snul you would not have
eared to do it for   seat in Congress or for $.">.000?
Annwer. I did not engage actively in the canvass
in !«n> part of tho State, though I had many invita-
tions to do so. I remember to have been invited
by some friends at Murfreesborough (in Rutherford
countv) to speak there. The senator from that
district, and perhaps someothcr friends, advised me
not to do so unless I couid mako a very tamo sort
ot speech. I declined to mako tho speech, both
because of thosupposed danger and because I was
not engaged in the canvass. I do not remember to
have said I would not canvass tho district for a seat
in Congress, though I m.iy have said so.
summary.
I have collated the testimony given in this
case by witnesses unimpeached, and very
numerous. They are citizens of every county
in the district, except the county of Cannon.
Their depositions were taken it different times
and at places widely distant. Of both political
parties, white and colored, extreme and mod
eratc, aged, middle-aged, and young, reluctant
and willing, all concur in establishing cer-
tain important points:
1. The existence of a secret, mysterious,
active, and relentless organization in this parr,
of the State of Tennessee, from early in 1807
to the time of the taking of the testimony in
the spring and summer of I860.
2. The character and objects of the organ-
ization were political, and its action in the
interests exclusively of the Democratic party ;
so fat* as known its members all being Demo
erats, its victims all Republicans. The Repub-
lican witnesses all exhibit great fear of it; the
Democratic witnesses little or none.
8. Its operations were directed principally
against the negroes and those who were sup
posed to specially lend them countenance, by
murders, whippings, and other acts of violence
to inspire them with such terror as to render
unavailing their newly conferred political priv-
ileges.
4. They were successful in keeping great
numbers from the polls in every locality, and
coercing not a few to vote tho Democratic
ticket in opposition to their real sentiments.
5. By whatever name the organization may
be known and called among the initiated, it. is
popularly and generally designated Ku Klux.
It was made the duty of the Governor, under
tbe act of Congress, approved March 3, 1863,
chapter one hundred and eight, to certify that
the election was "in accordance with the
laws" of the State, " or the laws of the Uni-
ted States." The Governor found that to
count the votes where the election was held,
in accoidance with the law, Mr. Tillman was
el*t:ted by a majority of 432, and so certified.
Hi? views of Ins duty are expressed in these
terms:
"With official information before me that the votes
cast tor a candid-if c arc i! legal and his election void,
and that tUo Ku Klux Klans have used violence and
other means of intimidation to deter legal voters
from exerching the franchise, I cannot and will not
certify that he is 'regularly elected according to the
laws of the State/ Whatever others may think of
myduty, I will not declare, in a certificate or other-
wise. that the election was regular in counties or dis-
tricts, when I officially know that it was no' regular.
"In these conclusions I am happily relieved of
much responsibility by the fact tunt my decision
is not conclusive. The question is still open for the
decision of Congress."
The appeal has been made. A committee
of this House, after months of patient investi-
gation into these voluminous proofs, arrive at
the same conclusion, though by an independ-
ent and a somewhat different course of rea-
soning, which reduces the majority, for Mr. Till
man to 296.* Thus, like different processes in
arithmetic with the same result, each confirms
and proves the correctness of the other.
This case is extraordinary and startling. In
the course of fifteen months the Republican
vote in the district fell off nearly two thirds.
No change in the political sentiments of the
people is even pretended. The latter election
being for President and Vice President, as well
as for members of Congress, would ordinarily
develop an unusually large vote. The popu-
larity of the Republican candidate is shown by
the vote he received, larger by considerable
than the vote for Grant and Colfax. The
unpopularity of the Democratic candidate, a
northern matt and a Federal soldier, is shown
by the vote he received, smaller by nearly a
hundred than the vote for Seymour and Blair,
and by his failure to be renominated by his party
when a nomination was tantamount to an elec-
tion. There is one explanation, and only one:
the Kukl ux operations, preconcerted, system-
atic, cruel, anil wicked. The dearest rights of
the people have been trampled upon, the ballot-
box is no longer sacred from violence. Law-
lessness has held high carnival. It remains to
be seen whether it shall triumph in the end or
be rebuked. The vote of the House will not
decide merely the relative claims of these parlies
to a seat during the small remnant of the present
Congress; it. will decide the issues between
law and violence, whether the ballot shall ex-
ecute the will of freemen, or shall become an
instrument of unprincipled confederates to
oppress and enslave.
APPENTDIX.
(A.)
The following tables, certified from the office
of the secretary of State, give the number of
votes at the several elections in the fourth
district of Tennessee:
For Cougresi—Election held August 1,1867.
Count u. Mtilline. Cooper.
Rutherford  2,232 380
Cannon        4o0 164
Coffee  2J3 431
Franklin  092 329
Lincoln  771 277
Bedford 1,719 S87
Marshall  816 478
Oile3  1,802 179
Total  9 4-18 3,255
For President-
County.
Rutherford 
C i n no u 
Coffee 
Lincoln..
Election held November 3,18GS.
Grant. iSeymour.
Total..
957
841
311
177
110
297
82
IIS
4
558
1.06 i
856
166
561
611
3.640
4,522
For Congress-
County.
■Election held November 3,1868.
Cannon 
Lincoln..
Total.,
Tillman,
Sheafe.
957
839
313
171
111
291
248
110
5
554
1,448
1,046
367
856
561
609
3,810
4,476
■J,—,.;
For Congress—Election held November 8, 1S70.
Countv. Bright. Mullins.
Rutherford 2.099 610
Cannon  833 83
C >£fee  093 35
Franklin  l.o92 27
Lincoln  2,364 48
Bedford    1,449 6.i4
Marshall  1.208 163
Giles  1,789 243
Total 11.827 1,843
1,843 —
Blight's majority  9,984
=S
(B.)
The foil owing is one of the u protection
certificates " referred to in the testimony of
Messrs. Welborn and Morrisa:
Presidential election, 1868.
State of Tennessee.
County ot Giles, civil district No. 11:
This wilt certify that Andrew J. Marks, a free man
of color, voted tho Democratic ticket at the late
presidential election, 1868.
M. F. MARKS.
_ W. J. 13ROWJH.
This 3d November, 1868.
Charges against General 0. 0. Howard.
SPEECH OF HON. L. W. PERCE,
OK MISSISSIPPI
Ik tub House op Representatives,
March 2, 1871.
The House having: under consideration the report
of tho Committee on Education and Labor upon
the investigation of tho charges against General O.
o. Howard, Mr. Towxskxd offered the following
resolution :
llesohed, That the policy pursued by the United
States toward four and a half millions of its peopla
suddenly enfranchised by the events of a gieat civil
war, in seeking to provide for thorn education, to
render them independent and self-supporting. and
in extending to them civil and political equ ility, is
a sourco of just national pride ; arul th;lt tho House
hereby acquits Major General Oliver 0. Howard of
the groundless anil causeless charges lately preferred
against him. and does hereby declare and recoid
its judgment tha.t. in successfully organizing atul
administering with fidelity, integrity, and ability
tho Freed in en's ]3ureau, which has contributed so
much to the acoomplishmentof tho first two ot these
great ends, he is deserving of the gratitudo of tho
American people.
Mr. PERCE. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
consider the charges against General O O.
Howard in the order they are preferred. Many
of them refer to the same matter or class of
matters, so that they could easily be classified
and grouped, but as each forms a separate
accusation, I prefer to lake them up seriatim.
The first charge reads :
" That he lias talien from the appropriations mndo
for and the receipts of that bureau more than five
hundred thousand dollars, improperly and without
authority of law, lor the Howard University, hos-
pital, and lands."
There is no doubt of the fact that Geneial
Howard, as Commissioner of the Bureau of
Refugees and Freedmen, donated large sums
in aid of the Howard University. Upon so
much of the proposition contained in the first
charge all parties agree.
The charge, as preferred, declares this to
have been done " improperly and without
authority of law," while General Howard, on
the contrary, claims that in this as in all
other aid granted by him as head of !ho
Freedmen's Bureau to educational institutions,
he acted within the confines and entirely in
accordance with the laws of the United States.
This presents a plain legal question, to be
determined by a construction of congressional
enactments creating and supporting the bureau.
That is, if be took moneys in aid of the
Howard University " improperly and without
authority of law," the charge is sustained. If
lie took such moneys within and by authority
oflaw, the charge falls to theground. The com-
mittee, or rather a very large majority of the
committee, sustain General Howard upon this
