1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22?
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Charges against General Howard—Mr. Perce.
Ho. of Reps.
charge, and without further preface I, as
one of that majority, with the consent of the
House, will read those portions of the laws
which sustain him in his claim.
Section one of an act entitled " An act to
establish a Bureau for the Relief of Freed men
and Refugees," approved March 3, 1803,
reads:
" Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress asmm-
bled, That there is hereby established in the War
Department, to continue during the present war
of rebellion, and for one year thereafter, a Bureau
of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned lands, to
which shall be committed, as hereinafter piovided,
the supervision and management of all abandoned
lands, and the control of all subjects relating to ref-
ugees and freedmen from rebel States, or from any
district of country within the territory embraced in
the operations of the Army, under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by the head of the
bureau and approved by the President. The said
bureau shall be under the management and control
of a Commissioner to be appointed by the President,
by and with the advise and consent of the Senate,
whose compensation shall be $3,000 per annum, and
such number of clerks as may be assigned to him by
the Secretary ofWar,not exceeding one chief clerk,
two of the fourth class, two of the third class, and
five of the first class. And the Commissioner, andall
persons appointed under this act,shall, before enter-
ing upon their duties, take the oath of office pre-
scribed in an act entitled 'An act to prescribe an
oath of office, and for other purposes,' approved
July 2,1862; and the Commissioner and chief clerk
shall, before entering upon their duties, give bonds
to the Treasurer of the United States, the former
in the sum of $50,000, and the latter in the sum of
$10,000, conditioned for the faithful discharge of
their duties respectively, with securities to be ap-
proved as sufficient by the Attorney General, which
Donds shall be filed in the office of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury, to be by him put in suit for
the benefit of any injured party upon any breach of
the conditions thereof."
It will be observed that the act clothes the
Commissioner with powers to be exercised
solely within his own discretion. He is given
the control of all subjects relating to refugees
and freedmen, under such rules and regula-
tions as he, the head of the bureau, may pre-
scribe. Under this act, President Johnson
appointed General Oliver O. Howard Com-
missioner.
The act passed over the President's veto,
July 16, 18(56, defines the duties and extends
the authorityof (he bureau, its Commissioner,
and his subordinates, and still more carefully
defines and preserves the discretionary pow-
ers of the Commissioner. The appropriation
hill for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868,
contains an appropriation " for buildings for
schools and asylums, including construction,
rental,and repairs, $500,000; "andprovides—
" That the Commissioner be authorized to apply
any balance on hand at this date of the refugees
fund accounted for in his last annual report to aid
educational institutions actually incorporated for
loyal refugees and freedmen."
This act limits the discretion of the Com-
missioner to "educational institutions actually
incorporated," but within that limit he is un-
fettered by any provision of law, rule, regula-
tion, or order. By reference to the annual
report designated in the appropriation bill, it
appears there was in the hands of the Com-
missioner at the date of the report the sum of
$282,000, which, added to th§ $500,000 appro-
priated, makes the sum of $782,000 appropri-
ated for construction, &c. Out of this sum
the Commissioner made the donations com-
plained of to the Howard University, "an
educational institution actually incorporated
for loyal refugees and freedmen." The act of
July 16, 1868, section three, provides—
"Thatall unexpended balances in the hands of the
Commissioner, not required otherwise for the due
execution of the law, may be, in the discretion of
the Commissioner, applied for the education of freed-
men and refugees, subject to tho provisions of law
applicable thereto."
Jt will be observed that the law placed every
thing connected with the administration of this
special and extraordinary subdivision oftheWar
Department under a Commissioner, clothed
■witn special and extraordinary powers. Ia
almost every instance the authority of the law
is to be exercised in the discretion of the Com-
missioner, the law furnishing the authority
for the particular act to be done, or policy to
be pursued, the Commissioner to determine
the necessity for such action or policy. The
law of March 3, 1865, after granting the power,
especially provides that snch powers shall be
exercised "under such rules and regulations
as may be prescribed by the head of the
bureau."
The appropriation bills, general as they are,
al ways recognize this discretionary power of the
Commissioner; but if there were any question
as to the discretionary power, the law entitled
" An act to provide for the settlement of ac-
counts of certain officers," approved June 15,
1866, would most assuredly cover the point.
Section two of that act provides—
"That where accounts are rendered for expendi-
tures for refugees or freedmen under the approval
and sanction of the proper officers, and which shall
have been proper and necessary, but cannot be settled
for want of specific appropriations, the same may be
paid out of the fund for the relief of refugees and
freedmen on the approval of the Commissioner of the
Bureau of Refugees and Freedmen."
This is a general law in force to-day. It was
not a temporary expedient to remove or remit
irregularities, but a continuing enactment, and
stands unrepealed in the statute law of the
country.
I submit, therefore, sir, that in donating to
the Howard University corporation for build-
ing purposes a portion of the funds under his
control as Commissioner of the Bureau of
Refugees and Freedmen, General Howard was
acting entirely within the powers and author-
ity granted to him as the head of that bureau
by Congress. Surely the Democratic party,
after assailing the bureau and the extraordi-
nary powers granted its Commissioner, as it
has for the past five years, ought to be pre-
cluded. The powers gran ted were for a special
purpose and were intended to meet and pro-
vide for circumstances entirely novel. The
law was intended to be broad enough to cover
the entire groundwork pecessary to the com-
pletion of the work of emancipation, and in
letter and in spirit included the education and
elevation of our former slave population. The
donations to the Howard University were
strictly within this general plan of education,
and that they were "proper and necessary"
will only be denied by the opponents of the
progress and elevation of the human race.
In regard to the hosplital buiding men-
tioned in the first charge, I will say that it is
a hospital only so far as that provisions are
therein made for the proper medical treat-
ment of the aged, infirm, and insane who
there find an asylum. It is in fact an asylum
and not a hospital. The aged, decrepit, and
helpless are gathered there and provided for.
It was authorized by Congress and continued
by law of April 7, 1869, which provides—
" That the Commissioner of Refugees and Freed-
men is authorized and directed to continue the
freedmens' hospitals at Richmond, Virginia, Vicks-
burg, Mississippi, and in the District of Columbia,
including tho asylum for aged and infirm freedmen,
and for orphan children: Provided, That the ex-
penses thereof shall be paid by the Commissioner
out of moneys heretofore appropriated for the use
of the bureau: And provided further, That said
hospitals shall be discontinued as soon as may be
practicable, in the discretion of tho President of the
United States."
The lands known as the "Smith farm" and
the smaller tracts added thereto, on which the
Howard University is situated, were never the
property of the United States. They were
bought by tho Howard University corporation,
a body having authority under the law to pur-
chase and hold real and personal property.
General Howard, as Commissioner of the bu-
reau, had no interest or concern in their pur-
chase so far as these charges are concerned.
Before concluding my comments on the first
charge I desire again to call the attention of
the House to the fact that this charge rests
entirely on the question whether General How-
ard, as Commissioner, had authority to make
the donation to the Howard University asso-
ciation. If he had such authority the charge
falls to the ground. That he had such author-
ity the laws I have cited leave no reasonable
Or possible doubt. It could not be otherwise.
Surely this thing was not done in secrecy.
Every dollar expended by General Howard had
to be accounted for, and was passed upon and
allowed by the auditing officers of the Treasury
Department ;'and that, too, at a time when the
Administration was opposed to the party favor-
ing and fostering the bureau.
Mr. Brodhead, the Second Comptroller of
the Treasury, undoubtedly as careful, capable,
and discriminating an officer as ever filled that
position, declares on oath that it was his duty
to "exercise his judgment on the question
whether the money had been expended for the
purpose for which the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau was authorized by law to
spend the public money;" that the allowance
or disallowance of a voucher-to the Commis-
sioner's credit depended upon his (the Second
Comptroller's) opinion as to its legality, and
that " there was nothing whatever under any
of these acts that put any limit on the discretion
of the Commissioner." I read from his testi-
mony upon this point:
Question. In regard to the discretion of the Com-
missioner, I doubt whetherl got your answer clearly.
What limitation was imposed upon the Commis-
sioner?
Answer. None whatever. I think the act was
ratber an unusual one in that respect. It was even
doubtful whether he was required to settle his ac-
counts at the Treasury; but under the lawoflSIT, it
was finally concluded to have them adjusted at the
treasury. Under two of the acts relating to the
bureau there was a limitation imposed upon the dis-
cretion of tho Commissioner; the act of March 30,
1867, authorizingtheCommissioner todistribute food
and other relief among the needy freedmen and ref-
ugees, under such directions as might be approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury; and tho act pro-
viding that certain moneys to be expended for-edu-
cational purposes should be given only to institutions
actually incorporated.
Question. And save under these two acts you
have mentioned there is no limit to the discretion of
the Commissioner?
Answer. No, sir; not in the acts themselves.
Question. How frequently is it necessary, under
the law, for General Ualloch to make settlements in
your office?
Answer. Once a month, under the act of 1862.
Sir, the Howard University stands in the
capital of the nation. The project and the pro-
gress of the building were heralded through
the public press. From the door of the Capi-
tol, looking toward the city, the university is
the prominent building in sight. Members
can and do see it from roof to foundation in
going to and from their daily duty. The re-
sponsible author of these charges, the gentle-
man from New York, must have watched its
progress from first to last; and yet he permitted
the work to go on without one word of demurrer
or denunciation, without questioning the pro-
priety of its erection and without charge, until
this late day. Surely if there were anything
wrong, he, a guardian of the people and their
interests, has been derelict in duty. In short,
sir, the operations of this department of the
Government, created by pressure of singular
and extraordinary circumstances, have, by the
very nature of the circumstances creating it,
been so interwoven with the other and ordinary
branches of the executive and legislative de-
partments that to question the propriety of its
action in this matter is to doubt the honesty
and capacityof the different Administrations,
of the executive officers of the different Depart-
ments, of Congress, and, to go further, the
intelligence of the whole country, from 1865
to the present time.
Sir, it cannot be done. The authority of
the Commissioner in this matter was positive
and distinct, so recognized by the executive,
legislative, and judicial branches of the Gov-
