1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Charges against Gene.ral JHmoard—Mr. Perce.
Ho. of Eeps.
their erection should betaken from the brick made
by this company, thus preventing competition, and
securing the use of that brick, and no other, for that
purpose."
Before examining this charge I desire to say
that the fourth, fifth, and sixth charges are so
intimately connected that they should be con-
sidered together, but, as thus far I have taken
up the charges separately, in the regular order,
I prefer to continue that course, and will en-
deavor to so link the examination of them
together as to preserve their connection.
Now as to the fifth charge. The specifica-
tions did not specify that " the material used
in the erection of the university buildings"
should be taken from the brick made by the
firm of D. L. Eaton & Co., the company who
actually did supply the brick for the buildings.
What they did specify is best shown by the
specification itself, and I therefore read from
the copy in the printed testimony, page 72:
" Brick work.—AI1 walls colored for brick to be of
tbe American building block, furnished to the con-
tractor at fifteen dollars per thousand, brick meas-
urement of eighteen to the foot. All the walls to be
of the thicknesses marked on the plans.
"The brick division walls in each story to be built
up within one inch of the top of the joists of the next
floor. The cellar walls throughout the building to
be carried up full thickness, and to the top of the
joists.
"The blocks to be laid with aplnmb-bond in white
mortar and tucked joint. Care to be taken in select-
ing block of even smoothness and hardness and color
for the outside; and none but the best quality of
block to be laid on the outside; and all to belaid
solid, in the best quality of lime and sand well mixed.
" The inside finish of the walls to be made of the
building block, laid the same as the outside, except
the joint is to be struck smooth.
" Ccntersfor arches and all staging to be furnished
by thecontractor: and all staging to be built entirely
free from the wall.
\ To be arches turned over all openings full width
of the walls, except where the outside finish is
straight, where the arch is to fill back of it.
"To be nine-inch wrought-iron beams, one half
inch stem under partition where marked on plan.
" Iron columns where marked on plan to befiuted
with ornamented caps, all to weigh 600 each.
" Vestibule floor to be arched over with brick in
five arches, with cross walls to support them to sink
as low as the rest ofthe foundation."
"All walls colored for brick to be of Ameri-
can building-block." Not American building-
block made by D. L. Eaton & Co., but "Ameri-
can bnilding-block," an articleof merchandise
as much as red brick, used in the erection of
buildings; and in so specifying the matter was
left open to competition to all manufacturers
of that article. It is a known fact, and it
appears in the testimony, that in huldings
in the city of Washington red brick from
Baltimore, Philadelphia, and other places
comes into competition with the red brick
manufactured in or near Washington. Surely
a specification that the buildings should be
constructed of red brick would not be held to
exclude competition, even should there be at
the time but one brick maker in the city.
We see, therefore, the close connection be-
tween the fourth and fifth charges when exam-
irfed in the light of the testimony. The fault,
if any there be, is not in the specification, but
in the selection of the material to be used in
the construction of the buildings. They would
be indeed singular specifications that did not
specify the material to be used. If a man
intends to build his house of stone, he surely
states the fact in the specification upon which
he asks the builder to estimate his contract
price. If it is to be of brick or marble, to
estimate the cost, the material must be named.
And so the trustees, having determined upon
the use of the "American building block,"
they could do no otherwise than state in their
specifications that the building was to be con-
structed of that material. They did not specify
that it was to be of building-block to be made
by D. L. Eaton & Co., as charged, and so the
charge is essentially and entirely untrue in its
material point,, namely, the exclusion of com-
petition. Whether the trustees were wise or
unwise iu the selection of the building-material
comes more naturally under the next charge.
But, before proceeding to the consideration of
that subject I desire to call the attention of
the House more particularly to the fact that
the board of trustees of Howard University,
and not General Howard, selected the material
for the buildings.
Hiram Barher, a witness evidently bitterly
opposed to General Howard, swore that Mr.
Searle, the architect, and Genera' Howard both
urged the adoption of the material by the board
of trustees, and that the plans and specifica-
tions, including the material, were aeccpted by
the board of trustees. This being the case, I ask,
bow can you make General Howard respons-
ible for the action of the trustees? They, and
not he, selected the material. Whether wise
or unwise it is their action, not his. In short,
charge No. 5, to conform to the truth as appears
in the testimony, should read, "Thatthe spe
cifications adopted by the board of trustees of
Howard University provided that the material
used in the erection of their buildings should
be American building-block, thus securing the
use of that kind of brick, and no other, for that
purpose." If there be any criminality on the
part of General Howard shown in such a charge
the gentlemen on the other side are welcome
to tbe full use of the material.
Sixth charge:
"That the brick so used was unfit, and nearly
worthless; parts of the building have fallen down
in consequence, and other parts have since been
repaired and rebuilt at an expense of $13,000."
In regard to this charge I have only to say,
that the university building itself is a standing
refutation of its truth; that no part of the
university building has ever fallen; that, as
testified to by every expert before the commit-
tee, it is perfectly safe, strong, and durable;
that every expert who examined the building
testifies that it has fewer cracks than any build-
ing of its size known to such witnesses ;uthat
it cost less, by $25,000, after making every
allowance for repairs of the hospital—another
building on the same grounds, a portiou of the
walls of which did fall—than if it had been
built of brick, with the proper trimmings; that
it never has been repaired since its completion,
and is in perfect order now.
The experts testifying to these facts are the
ablest authorities on such matters, whose opin-
ions are recognized by architects and builders
all over the country ; and on their judgment I
leave the subject. One of the out-buildings
known as the hospital was injured by the action
of frost upon the cross-walls, cansing them to
expand and press on the exterior walls out-
ward, thus causing them to fall, but this casu-
alty, by the testimony of the experts, would have
occurred under similar circumstances, no mat-
ter what the material. I append the result of
certain scientific tests made upon these blocks
at the request of a board to investigate the
subject, appointed upon the request of parties
who doubted their fitness to use in the Howard
University :
Abstract of test of building-hloch, February 0, 1869,
under superintendence of Captain B/eese, United
'fates Navy, and Major W. R. King, United States
engineers at United States navy-yctrd, District of
Columbia.
Sixteen blocks in the series, namely:
No. 1. From first story university buildings; made
in 1867, or early in 186S; tested in metal bed; crushed
at 19,500 pounds.
No. 2. Second story, ditto, ditto; crushed at 20,000
pounds.
No. 3. Third story, inside wall; made about August.
1868; tested in plaster bed, (damp;) crushed at 13,100
Average strength of university blocks, 17,566
pounds.
No. 4. Made about Aiarcli, 1868; tested in metal
bed; crashed at 16,900 pounds.
No. 5. Madeabout April,1868; tested in metal bed;
crushed at 24.800 pounds.
No. 0. Mside about May.lSGS; tested in metal bed;
crushed at 15,500 pounds.
No.7. Madeabout June, 1S6S; tested in metal bed;
(red;) crushed at 15.9J0 pounds.
No. 8. M >do about July, 1868; tested in metal bed;
crushcd at 12,000 pounds.
No. 9. Ma.de about August, 1868; tested in metal
bed; crushed at9,000 pounds.
No. 10. Made about September, 18C8; tested in
metal hed; crushed at 8.700 pounds.
No. 11. Made about October, 1808; tested in metal
bed ; (d; mp ;) crushed at 7,600 pounds*.
No. 12. M<«de about November, 1868; tested in
metal bed; crushed at 7,1)00 pound*.
No. 13. Made about autumn. 1867; (angle off;)
tested ia m^tal bed ; crushed at 18.i"60 pounds.
No. 14. Made early in 1863; tested in metal bed;
crushed at 15,600 pounds.
No. 15. Ten years old; tested in metal bed; crushed
at 64,100 pounds.
No. 16. Yellowandloamysand; madeabout Octo-
ber. 1868; tested in motal bed; refused block; crushed
at 8.200 pound •.
Average of all the series, 17,3532 pounds.
Practical Results.
1. It was found that the blocks increased in
strength according fo their age, at the rate of about
10,000 pounds per month.
2. Three thousand pounds per block are called for
by the actual pressure at the bottom of the first
story ofthe university. Capacity as tested, per block.
19,500 pounds.
3. Capacity of blocks in the third or top story of
university building, 13 000 pounds
4. Average capacity of blocks in the three stories,
17,5G6 pounds.
5. The blocks were tested between naked metallic
plates, except in one instance in a plaster bed,
between the pintcs; plaster, one quarter of an inch.
In this case 4,000 additional pounds were obtained,
namely, instead of 9,000 pounds, as block of August,
1868, bore in metal bed, the block of same age in plas-
ter bed (which is their true condition in buildifigc?)
bore 13,100 pounds.
6. These experiments were made without any side
support to the blocks. In buildings of fii'teen-inch
wall two thirds of the blocks are supported on three
sides, and one third of them on all side".
The navy-yard experts, Mr. John Ilolroyd and
Mr. William W. Bradley, who made tbe tests, were
of the opinion that the results obtained would bo
doubled as to blocks in a solid wall.
Abstract of supplementary report of tents of build ing-
blocks made 'tt the United State9 navy-i/asd, Feb-
runrg 13, 1869, under certificate of Cnptam K. R.
JJreese. (Experts, Hulroyd and Bradley.)
Series of five block9.
No. 17. Made April, 1868; in plaster bed, one quar-
ter of an inch thick; tested one inch out of endwise
center; tilted upon the short end, and crushed at
16.000 pounds,
No. 18. Made May, 1868; in imperfect plaster bed,
one quarter of §n inch thick; cracked at 13,000;
crushed at 26 500 pounds.
No. 19. Made October, 1868; in good plaster bed,
one quarter of an inch thick; slightly cracked at
18,000; crushed at 41,900 pounds.
No. 20. Block from hospital ruins, age not known;
in good plaster bed. one quarter of an inch thick;
slightly cracked at 10,000 pounds; no more cracking
until crushed at 44,000 pounds.
No. 21. Block from hospital ruins, age not known ;
in plaster bed, one quarter of au inch thick, between
iron plates; corner of block off and bed imperfect at
one end; cracked at 20.000 pounds; tilted on weak
end, and crushed at 27,000 pounds.
Average of the five blocks per block, 31,120 pounds.
It was foundthatthe plaster bed gave an increase
to previous tests of 13,767+ pounds per block.
The average of the five blocks was more than ten.
times the amount required at the bottom of the
university walls, (estimate of the architect, 3,000
pounds,) and nearly sixteen times the amount re-
quired at the bottom of the hospital walls, (estimate
of tbe architect, 2,000 pounds.)
The average of the two hospital blocks was 35,500
pounds, or about eighteen times the amount required.
These two blocks, taken from the rubbish heap,
had the broken mortar upon them, showing that
they had actually been in the building.
Charge seven:
" Th at by his consent, and with his knowledge, lum-
ber belonging to the Government was used by this
company and appropriated to its own benefit, being
resold to its employes."
The subject-matter of this charge was fol-
lowed by the prosecutors in the investigation
withgreat pertinacity. Hereand there, through
four hundredpages of evidencp. 44 Government
lumber used by the Building Block Company"
crops out from the mass of testimony. The
subject-matter of this charge appears in some
twenty four different places, but nowhere is
the charge sustained. Tbe substance of all
this testimony is that it was rumored that lum-
ber had been taken by this company ; thai upon
such rumor reaching the ear of General Q O.
Howard he ordered an investigation ; that upon
such investigation facts were shown similar to
those shown before the committee, which 1 will
