1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Charges against General Howard—Mr. Perce.
Ho. of Reps.
Association of Washington for $1,500, being,
as I suppose, though I do not recollect it as
appearing in the evidence, the amount of a
loan to that charitable Christian association.
The bond belonged to General Howard indi-
vidually. He transferred the bond to an insti-
gation of learning in Tennessee which sought
an investmentof surplus capital, General How-
ard guarantying for a year that it should be of
par value. In pursuance of this guarantee Gen-
eral Howard did take up the bond at par and
with interest. This is the whole story. The
gravamen of the charge is that .lie advanced
money of the bureau. The fact is he advanced
his own and not the money of the bureau, tak-
ing the bond of the institution as security.
What he did with the bond afterward is en-
tirely im material. It was his property, and
he has the same right other people possess of
disposing of his property as to him seems best.
The testimony discloses no purchase of bonds
with public funds, and the following testimony
explains the transfer to the university located
at Nashville:
John Ogden sworn and examined.
By Mr. Bradley:
Queniinn. State your residence and oecnpation.
Amwer. I live in Nashville. Tennessee. I am a
t-eacber.
Question. Teacher in what?
Anwr. I am principal of the Fisk University.
Question. State whether at any time, and if so
'when, you received any money or valuable matter
from General Howard, as head of the Freedmen's
Bureau; and if so, state 5>11 the facts in regard to it.
Answer. In August, 1869, I made application to
the board of trustees of Howard University for an
appropriation to assist us in building and in building-
repairs of the university; and I came on to Wash-
ington to obtain the appropriation, and I received
$2,500 from General Howard.
Question. In what way was it paid ?
Answer. I had a check lor $1,000. and I believe that
checks were made out for the balance, but I took a
bond in place of checks for SI.500.
Question. What was that bond ?
Answer A bond of the Young Men's Christian
Association ^f this city.
Question. Was it a single bondfor the $1,500.
Answer. Yes, sir; one bond.
"Question From whom did you receive that bond ?
A nswer. I received it from General Howard.
Question. Do you hold that bond yet?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. State if it has been paid; and if so, by
whom.
Answer. It was paid by General Howard within
the last month. I think.
Question. State bow you came to receive that in-
stead of a check for cash.
Ayisicer. It was simply an accommodation. We
did not need the money particularly. The bond
was drawtpg six per cent. General Howard guaran-
tied the payment of it, and I took it from choice.
Question. Did you know anything about this bond
before?*
Annoer. No. sir.
Qwniion. Who mentioned it to you, and what was
sai'd in regard to it?
Answer. I believe the first knowledgel had on the
subject was from General Howard, as near as I can
recollect. I cannot state all thetfacfs about it. but 1
think he said the bonds were then a few cents, it may
be four cents, below par. but that if we did not want
to use the money right away he thought they would
be at par in a year; and thebond was bearing inter-
est at six per cent., as I remember.
Question. What was the rate of interest in Nash-
ville?
Answer. I do not recollect.
Question. Was it more than six per cent, or not?
Amwr. I know nothing about it. I am not a
moneyed man at all. Iknownothingaboutthe price
of any bond': never owned ono iu my lite.
Question. What is the legal rate of interest in that
Sta e?
Answer. Six per cent.
Charge twelve:
"That he caused, or knowingly allowed, lands in
this city owned by an officer of the bureau to be
transferred to a freedmen's school in North Caro-
lina, the officer taking the money appropriated for
that school, and the school the land in this city,
thus perpetrating a fraud both upon the Government
and the freedmen."
This charge refers to square No. 1025, in
Washington city. There is a mass of testimony
regarding this property not in anywise germane
to the charge. I propose to confine my remarks
to the charge made. The testimony outside
the accusation does not impeach the integrity
of General Howard, is not relevant, should not
have been admitted, and merely cumbers the
record. I refer the curious to the testimony
upon these points, and proceed to a concise
statement of the facts.
In the latter -pare of 1866 J. M. McKim,
secretary of the Freedmen's Commission, in-
formed General Howard that the Commission
had received from certain charitable persons
residing in England £200 sterling for the pur-
pose of purchasing homesteads for freedmen,
and General Howard being more particularly
at the head of charitable enterprises for that
people, he tendered him that sum for the pur-
pose specified. The freedmen in and about
VVashington werein a terrible condition. Just
thrown upon the world, they were poor, house-
less, homeless, wanderers, happy if they could
get possession of the most miserable hut
wherein to partially shelter themselves from
the inclemency of the weather. One instance
is known where eight grown persons, unable
to find other refuge, occupied an abandoned
out-house for months. General Howard con-
ceived the idea of using this donation from Eng-
land for the purpose of securing homes for at
least some of these unfortunate waifs of the
war. With this purpose in view he bought
square No. 1025, borrowed $1,000 on his indi-
vidual obligation, added thereto the donation
before referred to. paid the first installment,
and gave his individual bonds, secured by deed
of trust on the property, for the balance of the
purchase-money. Thus far at least the matter
had nothing to do with the Government or its
funds. But the scheme enlarged on his hands;
unexpected difficulties were encountered 5 ob-
jections were made by p'ersons and property-
holders residing or owning property in the
immediate neighborhood. It was found im-
practicable to alleviate the wants or woes of
a hundredth part of the sufferers, and it was
determined to enlarge the design and locate
upon a better site.
This br ngs us to the subject-matter of the
next charge. There was in the hands of Gen-
eral Howard a large sum of money known as
the "refugees' and freedmen's fund," which,
during the progress of the war, accumulated
from the rental of lands situated in the rebel
States and abandoned by their owners and
subsequently turned over to the custody of the
Commissioner by the acts creating the bureau.
The appropriation bill of 1867 provided—
44 That the Commissioner be hereby authorized to
apply any balance on hand, atthisdato, of the ref-
ugees' and freedmen's fund, accounted for in his last
annual report, to aid educational institutions actu-
ally incorporated for loyal refugees and freedmen."
General Howard under this law applied a
portion of this fund to the aid of three incor-
porated educational institutions, but conceived
the idea of making this money do a good work
on its passage. He therefore, by and with the
advice and consent of the educational institu-
tions to whom this portion of the fund was
given, devised a plan by which he could pur-
chase a piece of land known as Barry farm,
and then by sale of lots reimburse the institu-
tions to whom the fund belonged. In this way
he made money do a double duty, giving homes
to the poverty-stricken and houseless colored
people of Washington and vicinity, as well as
aiding the general educational interest of the
colored race.
The purchase of the Barry farm made square
1025 useless for the purpose originally intended.
Now, be it remembered that General Howard
bought square No. 1025 with the money donated
in England, giving his personal obligations,
secured by deed of trust, for the deferred pay-
ments. Neither the Government, the Freed-
men's Bureau, nor any other governmental
Department had anything whatever to do with
the transaction. When the fund distributed
among the three educational institutions before
stated was transferred it became theirs. It
ceased to belong to the freedmen's and refu-
gees' fund, to the bureau, or to the Govern-
ment. It was absolutely their property. The
normal school at Raleigh, North Carolina,
had no immediate use for their share of the
amount transferred, and sought an investment.
General Howard suggested square No. 1025
as a good investment, and upon that sug-
gestion, after due inquiry as to the value of
the property, the officers of that school did
investa portionof the fund belongingto them,
taking a portion of the land at exactly the
price paid for it by General Howard. Gen-
eral Howard sold the balance of the land to
D. L. Eaton & Co., also at the price paid for
it. Now, to sum up the whole matter. By
this transaction, including the two sales, Gen-
eral Howard received back the £200 sterling
donated in England, which did not in anywise
belong to the Government; and the Raleigh
school and D. L. Eaton & Co., each paying
their proper proportion, paid the $1,000
loaned General Howard, and took up the
obligations of General Howard for the amount
of the deferred payments.
To pursue the matter further, the Raleigh
school made a splendid investment, the lands
having quadrupled in value si nee their pur-
chase, and they still hold it, and General How-
ard subsequently appropriated the English
donation to the purpose for which it was ori-
ginally intended, if there be aught in this
whereon to found a charge, I cannot see it.
That General Howard appropriated any of the
money, or was pecuniarily benefited in any way,
that the Government or freedmen, or either,
were defrauded of a penny, is absolutely false.
I read from the testimony copies of the corre-
spondence and an extract from the testimony
of J. H. Thompson:
New York City, October 4.1866.
My Dear Sir: This commission has received £100
from England (at present about one thousand dol-
lars in our currency) to be expended in the purchase
of homesteads for the freedmen, under the home-
stead law. At our meeting next, week in Baltimore,
our board will determine in what way or through
what channel they will apply this money to its pur-
pose; meanwhile, allow me to ask for counsel in the
matter. Perhaps the bureau, through Mr. Alvord
and the trust company, could make a judicious
expenditure of it.
A line in reply will oblige, yours, truly,
J. M. McKIM.
Corresponding Secretary A. F, V. C.
Major General 0. 0. Howard,
JJureau of Freedmen,
War Department,
Bcssau of Refugees, Fiieedairn, etc.,
Washington, JuiyS, 1857. >
Bear. Sir : To remind you of a letter yon wrote to
me November 27, 1801, I inclose a copy. In nec« rd-
ancewith your last paragraph, I think now I can
invest Slj072 83 greatly to theadvantageoi the freed-
men in this District, borrowing the money and re-
funding it again to the Freedmen's Savings Bank for
future use as soon as possible. I can purchase an
available square or half square on Capitol Iiiliata
cheap rate, and allow fhe freedmen to pay for Jots
by monthly installments not exceeding the amount
any of them now have to pay for rent. By a slight
advancc in the price, to cover expenses and lisk, the
thousand and odd dollars may become an active
fund, aiding thepoor freedmen.
But the object subserves another purpose. It dem-
onstrates to other people the practicability of selling
the freedmen land in the manner in which I have
heretofore explained to you.
I did promise this amount to aid the colony in
Arkansas; but as the agent has never called for it, I
have concluded touse it in this other way, providing
you shall sanction such investment.
Very truly, yours,
O.O. HOWARD,
Major General, Commissioner.
Rev. J. M. McKim,
jvo. 76 John street. New Yofk <?ity.
New York, July 9,1SG7.
My Dear Sir: In reply to your favor of the 8th
I have to say, after consultation here, that your plan
of using temporarily that $1,072 83 seems excellent,
and meets our hearty approval.
Yours, truly. J. M. McKIM.
Corresponding Secreta/y A, F. U. c,
Major General 0. 0. Howard, Washington, D. C 
