1871.]
APPENDIX TO'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong,...3d Sess.
Charges against General Howard—Mr. Perce.
Ho. qf Bebs.
in all the four thousand pages of testimony
taken before the committee one fact proven
showing or tending to show that^out of the
thirteen millions of trust funds wielded, eon-
trolled, and expended by General Howard he
sver made, received, or appropriated to his
own use a single dollar. There is not one fact
proven impeaching his integrity as a man, and
to-day he stands vindicated before the world
" without fear and without reproach."
When these charges were first made in the
House the known partisanship of their respons-
ible authorfurnished sufficient motive for their
preferment. But when I afterward learned
that they were instigated, at least in part,
by the private malice of persons reputed to be
politically opposed to the gentleman from New
York, I naturally sought some reason why he
should be chosen as the instrument of their
rancor. Their choice of that gentleman as
the channel of their malevolence precludes all
idea that such selection was governed by the
laws of chance. If there be one man against
whose history the record of General Howard
stands in luminous contrast, that person is the
gentleman from New York. The one bred
a soldier, knowing nothing of and caring as
little for the wiles of political life ; his only for-
tune a commission as an officer of the Army,
his sole income his monthly pay; preserving
amidst all the temptations of campandfield life
a steady unswerving Christianity ; in battle the
foremost in the fight; at home, iu the tent, or in
camp a humble preacher and teacher of the
beauty and truth of Christian virtue; a patriot
whose maimed body is the sign-manual of his
loyalty, fidelity, and courage. The other a
civilian, always a member and long a leader in
the most corrupt political organization known
to American history, rich in the possession of
wealth unknown in amount, acquisition, or
income; representing a city proverbial for its
vice and representing it well; an apologist
for treason, the friend of the enemies of his
country; his loyalty and fidelity to the Gov-
ernment an "unknown quantity," and his
courage never yet displayed in its behalf.
I make no allegation against the gentleman
from New York not warranted by the history
of his public life, butin preferring these charges
he put his own record in the balance, and I
propose to use at least a portion of it. On the
24th day of January, 1861, this dispatch was
received in New York:
To His Honor Mayor Wood :
Is it true that any arms intended for and consigned
to the State of Georgia have been seized by public
authorities in New York? Your answer is import-
ant to us and to New York. Answer at once.
It. TOOMBS.
To which telegram the following reply was
made:
Hon. Robert Toombs, Milledyeville, Georgia :
In reply to yourdispatch, Iregretto saythat arms
intended for and consigned to tho State of Georgia
have been seized by the police of this State; but that
tho city of New York should in no way be made
responsible for the outrage. A? mayor I have no
authority over tbe police. If I had the power I
should summarily punish the authors of this illegal
and unjustifiable seizure of private progeny.^
It is not necessary, perhaps, to notice the
dictatorial manner of the question propounded
or the sycophancy of the reply. Both were
very natural. It is easy to imagine the deris-
ive smile of the great rebel on the receipt of
the answer from New York. The arrogant
disdain of the ante-bellum southern Democrat
toward the northern Democrat, and the sub-
dued but active subserviency of the latter
were alike proverbial. It is hardly possible to
imagine a request of the former wherein that
form of punctuation indicating a command
does not present a prominent feature of the
composition. The tone of the question and
reply were probably habitual. The spirit ani-
mating each is that with which we have to deal.
And, sir, I submit that in feeling and intention
the authors of these dispatches must have b?en
acting in perfect accord and harmony. At that
time the southern States, one by one, as far as
they could do so by resolution and ordinance,
weredissolvingtheir connection with the Union.
Doubt and dismay filled the land, and lovers
of liberty throughout the world were looking
in terror upon the apparent dissolution of our
Government.
The Administration, through the imbecility
of its head and the traitorous designs of the
Cabinet, sat supinely watching the country drift
from good order and tranquillity into utter chaos
and confusion. Georgia was just jii the act
of seceding from the Union, and that State,
her citizens, her political leaders, and par-
ticularly Robert Toombs and politicians of his
class, had entered upon their career of active,
armed treason. Theblowhad notbeen struck,
but preparations for war upon a large scale
were going on all over the southern coun-
try. Money was subscribed, munitions of war
purchased, and active drill performed by the
volunteer soldiery of the South, openly and
avowedly for the purpose of coercing a sepa-
ration from and disintegration of our nation
and Government. The arms were intended to
be used for treasonable purposes, and yet the
mayor of New York had no terms milder
than "outrage," "illegal," and "unjustifi-
able " to indicate his views of the praise-
worthy and patriotic action of the State police
in withholding the fratricidal weapon.
But, sir, we are not confined to the general
expressions of a telegram in forming our views
of the opinions and desires then entertained
by the gentleman from New York. He had
been elected mayor of the city of New York,
and on the 8th day of January, 1861, he sent
to the comfton council of that city a message
giving his views of the situation and stating
what he conceived to be the duty of the citizens
of that place. I propose to read one or two
extracts from that message; but to the curious
observer of men and manners who would like
to determine how utterly and entirely all love
of country can be blotted out and destroyed in
the heart and mind of a political partisan, how
utterly the sycophant may absorb the man, I
commend the perusal of the entire document.
He says:
" "With our aggrieved brethren-of tho slave States
we have friendly relations and a common sympathy.
We have not participated in the warfare upon their
constitutional rights or their domestic institutions.
While other portions of our State have, unfortu-
nately, been imbued with the fanatical spirit which
actuates a portion of the people of New England, the
city of New York has unfalteringly preserved tho
integrity of its principles in adherence to the compro-
mises of the Constitution and the equal rights of the
people of all the States. We have respected the local
interests of every section, at no time oppressing, but
all the while aiding in tho development of the re-
sources of the whole country. Our ships have pene-
trated to every clime, and so have New York capital,
energy, andenterprisefound their way to every State,
and indeed to almost every eounty and town of the
American Union. If we havederivedsustenancefrom
the Union, so have we in turn disseminated blessings
for the benefit of all. Therefore New York has a
right to expect and should endeavor to preserve a
continuance of uninterrupted intercoursowith every
section." ^
"It has been the settled policy of all civilized
countries to encourage the growth and stability of
their commerce by giving to the cities which are
its seats municipal charters of such character as to
secure their dignity and respect in the eyes of the
world. Governments most despotic have tolerated
these, if in no other place, liberty in order to foster
trade. Tbe municipal rights of London, and the
sea-ports of England, of Hamburg, and the free cities
of Germany have always been regarded as in viola-
ble. The same sanctions were intended to apply to
tho civic privileges of New York. She was to con-
tain within herself an organic vitality and a germ
of self-government which should develop and ex-
pand, so as to adapt itself to her future grandeur
and importance." * " * *
" Much, no doubt, can be said in favor of the j ustice
and policy of a separation. It may be said that
secession or revolution in any of the United btates
■would be a subversion of all lederal authority, and
so l'ar as the central Government is concerned the
resoiving of the community into its orginal elements;
that if part of the State? form new combination?
and governments other States may do the same.
California and her sistersof the Pacifiewill nodoubt
set up an independent republic, and husband their
own rich mineral resources. The western States,
equally rich in cereals and other agricultural pro-
ducts, will probably do the same. Then, it may be
said, why should not New York city, instead of sup-
porting by her contributions in revenue two thirds
the expenses of the United States, become also
equally independent? As a free city, with but a
namioai duty on imports, her local government
coald be supported without taxation upon her peo-
ple. Thus wo could live free from taxes and have
cheap goods nearly duty free. In this she would
have the whole and united support of the southern
States, as well as of all other States, to whose inter-
ests and rights undertheConstitutionshe has always
been true." ***  *••_
" When disunion has become a fixed and certain
faet, why may not New York disrapt the bands
which bind her to a v«nal and corrupt master, to a
people and a party that have plundered her reve-
nues, attempted to ruin her commerce, taken away
the power of self-government, and destroyed the
Confederacy of which she was the proud empire
city?"
Bred in the school of Toombs, Yancey,
Slidell, and Davis, the mayor of New York
would emulate their example. Secession had
no terrors for him, and treason no dishonor.
Our country, with all its glorious memories,
seemingly tottering to its fall, certainly shaken
to its center, awakened no generous emotion,,
aroused no patriotism within his breast, but
only stimulated his political cunning to rivalry
upon the destructive course. The idea of
making New York a free city, similar to the
free cities of Germany, were it not for the
terrible surroundings of its enunciation, was
simply ridiculous. The message itself, in
everything but the valor which sent the south-
ern rebel to battle for the faith he proclaimed,
was in full unison with the cry of treason. I
know of nothing in the whole range of political
literature so coolly devilish. Think of it! The
whole country throbbing at fever heat; appre-
hension and fear everywhere; friends and
foes alike girding about their loins for the
tremendous struggle; doubt, surprise, dismay,
in every patriotic breast; American liberty,
"God's last best gift to earth," trembling in
the balance, and the mayor of New York, so
petty and contemptible in comparison to our
great and progressive land, sitting in his office
endeavoring to demonstrate how out of all this
chaos and confusion New York could become
a free city ; how the island of Manhattan,
emulous of the South, and, as he supposed,
of the New England, western, and -Pacific
States, might become an independent Power;
how that city could be made a quiet, peaceable
asssociation of merchants, pursuing amidst all
of ehis whirlwind of strife and passion their
ordinary avocations in pursuit of wealth—
counting their dollars to every heart-drop of
patriotic blood to be shed in the coming strug-
gle ! Sir, it was outrageous, it was inhuman.
When I first read the message of the then
mayor of New York I involuntarily recalled
the lines of the Scpttish poet:
" Mark Mm well;
For him no minstrel raptures swell;
High though his titles, protid his name,
Boundless his wealth as wish can elans;
Despite those titles, power, and pelf,
The wretch, concentered ail in sell,
Living, shall forfeit fair renown.
And, doubly dying, shall go down
To the vile dust from whence he sprung,
Unwept, unhonored, and unsung."
Thank God, Mr. Speaker, the patriotic citi-
zens of New York repudiated the traitorous
designs of their mayor, and spent blood and
treasure in supporting and defending their
country, which he would have overthrown and
destroyed. It was not until the overwhelming
patriotism of the people swept across the coun-
try, from Maine to the Golden Horn, that the
gentleman from New York realized that we
had a country to fight for, or a people to fight
for pur country ; &nd thsn, and not until tncUj
he disguised himself in the garb of loyalty.
That his subsequent simulated patriotism was
a disguise assumed, and not an emotion felt,
