234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. oi? Reps.
Charges against General Howard—Mr. Perce.
41st Gong....3d Sess.
needs no further proof than an observation of
his course during and after the war. The first
aot by the gentleman from New York upon
entering the Thirty-Eighth Congress was to
offer the following resolution :
" Retolvnii, Thatthe President bo requested to ap-
point three commissioners who shall be empowered
to open negotiations with the authorities at Rich-
mond, to the end that this bloody, destructive, and
inhuman war shall cease and the Union be restored
on terms of equity, fraternity, and equality under
the Constitution."
To show what the gentleman meant by the
terms ''equity," "fraternity," and "equal-
ity," I refer to his speech delivered in the
Ilouse June 18G4, against the passage of
the thirteenth amendment of the Constitution.
The speech itself is too long to quote, but its
salient point was unmasked by Mr. Thayer, of
Pennsylvania, and, with the permission of the
House, I will read a portion of his remarks
and of the replies by the gentleman from New
York. Mr. Thayer said :
"With that class of thinkers who agree with tho
member from the fifth congressional district of New
York, [Mr. Feunando Wood,] that slavery is the
best possible condition for the negro raco, or for nny
race, I do not intend at the present time to ontor into
argument. Sir, X would consider it derogatory to tho
Representatives of it frco peopleto enter into delib-
erate argument to refute a proposition so monstrous
and so barbarous as that enunciated by the gentle-
man from Now York. Humanity and civilization
revolt against asentimont so inhuman in itself, and
so debusing to the mind that holds it, as the senti-
ment which we listened to yesterday, that slavery
is the best possiblo condition of the negro raco.
"Mr. Frrnan'lo Wood. I reafiirm it.
" Mr. Tiiavej!." * * * * "I contcnt
myself herewith simply denouncing such sentiments
us those expressed by the gontloman from NewYork
as barbarous, inhuman, uncivilized, and unchristian.
I am willing that tho record which ho hasmado shall
go down to posterity as be has chosen to make it yes-
terday and to reaffirm it to-day."
"Mr. I'eknanuo Wood. That is why I did it. for
posterity, not lor this iiouso, nor for tho fanaticism
Of tbe day."
Sir, in the light of this speech, made eighteen
months after the resolution first referred to was
offered, 1 think we are safe in concluding his
first resolution pointed to a restoration of the
rebellious States with slavery recognized and
made lawful. And in its reaffirmance, mndeas
thegentleman said, for " posterity, not for the
House," and " not for the fanaticism of the
day," we are justified iu believing that he still
holds the sentiment then enunciated, "that
slavery is the best possible condition of the
negro r&ee," and would, if he possibly could,
remand them to that condition.
Sir, the gentleman from New York voted
against abolishing slavery in February, 1804,
against the resolution submitting the thirteenth
amendment for action of the State Legisla-
tures, against the repeal of the fugitive slave
laws, against the establishment, of a Freed-
men's Bureau, against the reconstruction
laws. Unopposed tbe fourteenth amendment,
and voted against the fifteenth amendment
and tho law under that amendment securing
the rights of suffrage to all without distinction
of race or color. ■
Mr. Speaker, I have followed the gentleman
in his record against human progress and civil-
ization further than I intended ; further, per-
haps, than is necessary, to show how utterly
devoid that record is of anything pointing
toward or suggesting philanthropy, ilia voice
has neve,r been heard pleading the cause of
earth's unfortunates. Looking upon the negro
as property, a chattel to be bought and sold,
a thing whose body and mind, passions, affec-
tions, loves, hatreds, rights, everything that
makes life worth living for, ail mere merchan-
dise to be bartered for in open market; look-
ing upon him as an animal whose life and
happiness rested not in God and His judgment,
but upon the whim and caprice of his master,
and whose highest happiness is, or ought to be,
to be sold by a bad master and purchased by
a good master, it ceases to be matter of wonder
that he, of all men, should be chosen as their
tool by the conspirators instigating the charges
now under investigation before this House.
Sir, the gentleman from New York has
waged continuous battle against progress,
civilization, and Christianity. Every vote re-
corded by him in this House since 1863 pro-
claims him the man-servant of oppression.
From his entrance to the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress to the present hour he has struck at true
liberty upon every and all occasions, and the
resolutions submitted by him against General
Howard, consistent with his entire record, are
but a fling at,the people whom he has ever
oppressed, but whose rights and liberties, hap-
pily for them, have now passed beyond the
power of himself and kindred politicians.
Sir, General Oliver 0. Howard, from the
very commencement of the war to itsclose, was
ever found in the front battling for the cause
of the Union. Since the war he has stood
before the world the representative of a great
principle and a great cause. Next to the mar-
tyred President he is and has been the bene-
factor and protector of the colored race. And
whatever may be the judgment of this House,
the coming historian of the perilous times of
the great rebellion will pass his name down
through the centuries as the Christian soldier
in war, the American philanthropist in peace.
Charge fourteen:
"He has discharged the duties of tho officc of Com-
missioner of tho bureau with extravagance, negli-
gence. and in the interests of himself and family and
intimate frieuds."
Charge fifteen:
" That, he is one of a ring, known as the *IVeed-
man's Bureau ring,' whose connections and influ-
ences aro with tho Freedmon's Savings-Bank, tho
freedmen'sscboolsoftheSoatb, tbe political machin-
ery of a party in tho southern States, and whose
position lias been to devote tho official authority
and power of tbe bureau to personal and political
profit."
The fourteenth and fifteenth charges are gen-
eral, so vague and indefinite, indeed, that they
would not support an ordinary indictment for
petty larceny. The fact is that the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] desirousofmak-
ing political capital for himself and party,
adopted the charges trumped up by the per-
sonal enemies of General Howard, and at the
end of the charges their malevolence suggested
he tagged on the fourteenth and fifteenth as
especially his own. They were made in order
to cover the defects of the preceding charges,
so that if they failed, the prosecution might
seize upon other and different facts, whereon
possibly to found an accusation. During the
whole investigation the prosecution went moon-
ing about alter instances of speculation and
dishonesty; 1 do not intend to follow them.
The testimony as printed will show to the world
how completely invulnerable General Howard
is to attacks of this kind, and members will ob-
serve if they read closely how perfectly every
point has been met.
It is a singular circumstance connected with
this investigation that,, in every instance where
the prosecution elicited testimony suggesting
fraud, they have subsequently by their own
testimony refuted entirely or explained away
all criminality or dishonesty in fact or purpose
on the part of General Howard.
The real intent ot these two charges is to
arraign the great philanthropic scheme con-
ducted by the Bureau of Refugees and Freed-
men belore the world to the damage if pos-
sible of the Republican party. To this view
I turn my attention. The Bureau of Refugees,
Fieedmen, and Abandoned Lauds was neces-
sitated by the result of the war. The colored
people of the South realized the full scope of
the war long before the people of the North
or their leaders. Many a soldier died believ-
ing he shed his blood for the restoration of
the Union intact with all its old rights and all
its own wrongs. The negro slave knew that
under God the war involved the question of
his freedom on the one hand or perpetual
bondage on the other. Of all the officers in
the early part of the war, General Butler
alone announced his appreciation of the issue
between the North and South when he declared
the slave to be " contraband of war." It was
inevitable. Wherever we planted our flag
upon southern soil the slaves flocked to our
lines in thousands. The sound of our bugles
to their understanding was the fulfillment of
the Mosaic law:
"Then shalt thou cause the trumpet of the jubilee
to sound, on the tenth day of the seventh month; in
the day of atonement shall ye make the trumpet
sound throughout all your land.
"And ye shall hallow tbe fiftieth year, and pro-
claim liberty throughout all the land unto all the
inhabitants thereof; it shall bo a jubilee unto you;
and ye shall return every man unto his possession,
and ye shali return every man unto his family."
They came to us by ones and twos, by tens
and hundreds, by thousands and by hundreds
of thousands. Harassed by night marches,
chased and worried by slave dogs, covered
with the slime and fifth of the southern swamp
and morass, naked, footsore, gray, and gaunt
with hunger, trembling from sickness and
exposure, they followed our armies, the very
embodiment of famine and despair. The
country was struggling for its very existence.
The blood of its soldiers tinged every rivulet
throughout the land. The vacant chair at, the
hearthstone, sole monument of a dead hero,
wet by tears and hallowed by prayers, marked
half the houses in every hamlet. The wail of
the widow and orphan supplanted the morning
and the evening song. And yet, amid this
din and crash of arms, amid the shouts and
blood and cries and groans of the combat,
amid the wails and tears, prayers and curses
of a distracted people, the nation heard their
cry for help, and, turning the full tide of its
bounty upon the hungry host, with one mighty
surge lifted them above their misery.
Mr. Sneaker, these charges are an attack,
not on General Howard, but upon the honor
of the American people. Sir, glorious as is
the record of the war, it is a blot upon the
escutcheon of American nationality; but sur-
rounding that blot there is a halo blazing with
all the light of Christianity, philanthropy, and
benevolence, so bright and dazzling that the
rusted center is lost to view; and brighter and
beyond all others shines forth the glory of the
great national benevolence worked out by and
through the Bureau of Refugees and Freedtnen.
It is impossible to conceive the vastness of the
enterprise. The work accomplished is almost
increuible. At the close of the war the coun-
try found itself with four million people just
emancipated from bondage. They were in-
dustrious by nature, but filled with erroneous
ideas of liberty, bowed down by the influences
of two centuries of slavery, brought up in
ignorance, unused to any thought for them-
selves, and yet turned free among a population
taught to look upon them as properly without
"rights which white men were bound to re-
spect," and who naturally would repress all
sentiment of elevation in the breasts of their
former slaves. If left to the mercies of their
old masters, they almost necessarily fell into
a serfdom characterized by all tbe evils of
slavery, without the poor benefits of sustenance
and care in age and sickness involved in the
slave system. The statute-books of the south-
ern States immediately subsequent to the war
clearly prove what their condition would have
been if the Government had not interfered.
What was the remedy? There was no prece-
dent to guide tbe legislator. There was no au-
thority in the Executive. The question was
new, the necessity urgent, and Congress de-
termined that the exigency warranted legisla-
tion of an extraordinary character.
I again refer to the law of 1865. The first
section establishes "in the War Department,
to continue during the war of rebellion, and
