1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Charges against General Hoivard—Mr. Perce.
Ho. of Beps.
for one year thereafter, a Bureau of Refugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, to which
shall be committed the supervision and con-
trol of all abandoned lands, and the con-
trol of all subjects relating to refugees and
freedmen from rebel States, under such rales
and regulations as may be prescribed by the
head of the bureau and approved by the Pres-
ident." The situation could not be met even
by special legislation. The wants were so
many, the questions so novel, that tlje prob-
lem could only be solved by individual action,
discretionary entirely with the person exercis-
ing the power. Congress, therefore, wise in
this instance beyond the ordinary, turned the
whole subject over to an individual, with dis-
cretionary powers practically unlimited.
The President selected General Oliver 0.
Howard to perform the duties of this immense
trust. Whether the duties involved in the
trust have been well performed must be determ-
ined by the results accomplished. It is said
there is labor so exhausting that it cunningly
brings music to its aid. General Howard, in
entering upon the duties of his office as Com-
missioner, was so wise that he enlisted Chris-
tianity in his support, and by its aid the bureau
became in his hands a bountiful beneficence.
At the time of establishing the Bureau of
Refugees and Freedmen there were one hun-
dred and forty-eight thousand freedmen receiv-
ing rations from the Government. The expense
of maintaining them, calculating only the
price of a ration, twenty cents, without taking
into account the service and pay of the army
of men required for this duty, was $29,GOOper
day, $888,000 per month, or at the rate of
over $10,000,000 per annum. Among the first
dutiesof the Commissionerwasthe distribution
of this immense throng of human beings upon
fields of healthful labor.
Again, the Government held immense tracts
of land not confiscated but abandoned by their
owners and taken possession of during the war.
The work of the bureau included the settle-
ment and return of these lands to the owners
or their representatives. All courts of justice
were suspended by the war, and wherever they
were reestablished the rights of the colored
people were ignored ; they could not bring
suits or appear as a witness against a white
man. The bureau became a court and dealt
out even-handed justice between man and man.
When the bureau was established there were
one hundred and forty-eight thousand people
supported by the Government. The Commis-
sioner rightly conceiving that true benevolence
was to assist these people in becoming self-
supporting by transportation to fields of labor
rather than to maintain them in idleness, ren-
dered the bureau an immense depot for labor
supply. In this way the number dependeut
upon the Government was reduced in one year
to twenty-nine thousand nine hundred souls,
thus effecting a saving to the Government of
$8,000,000 per annum. In 1867 this number
was reduced to about eleven thousand, and at
the commencement of the year 1868 there only
remained the aged, infirm, decrepit, and insane,
wholly unable to labor and of that class always
supported by the Government in civilized coun-
tries. In this branch of the department alone
the bureau not only saved $10,000,000 to the
country annually, but actually placed in the
various fields of labor throughout the land
over seventy thousand able-bodied persons,
who, by their industry, at a low estimate, add
between thirty and forty millions to the wealth
of the country every year.
Under the provisions of the law the bureau
has returned to their owners eight hundred thou-
sand acres of land seized and utilized by the
Government during the war. The department
of justice, within the powers granted by Con-
gress, was of incalculable advantage to the
South. Without lawful courts, amid the debris
of passion and strife consequent upon the close
of a great rebellion, the colored man had no
show of justice. Contracts were made, appar-
ently, only to be broken. In the disastrous
years of 1866 and 1867 there were quite as
many who but for the bureau would have
found at the end of the season that they had
worked the year for nothing as there were
who were paid the wages they had earned.
The bureau corrected these wrongs. It edu-
cated the people up to a correct, stand point
of commercial morality; and now, while 1
assert there is not in the world a people who
more faithfully perform the labor for which
they are engaged than the colored people, I
also assert, to the honor of the South, there
is not a people upon the face of the earth who,
as employers and paymasters, more faithfully,
honestly, and promptly remunerate their em-
ployes than do the planters of the southern
States. In this, as in other branches of this
special department of the Government, good
has been done, right, principle, and truth vindi-
cated. A whole people, comprising all classes,
has been elevated and educated.
I do not intend to follow the workings of
the bureau in its various departments. The
annual reports of the Commissioner will show
the vast work accomplished. Through its aid,
and by right of their own virtues, industry, and
growing intelligence, inculcated and protected
by the bureau, a people who were once slaves
have been fitted to assume the garb of citizen-
ship. They now stand upon an equality with
all other citizens, and are fully competent and
qualified to care for and protect themselves.
I will say, however, that in the three years
1867, 1868, and 1869 the bureau organized
five orphan asylums and fifty-six hospitals.
During that time it treated three hundred and
seventy five thousand two hundred and twenty-
eight patients in hospital and prescribed for
seven hundred thousand patients outside of
the hospitals. During the same period they
located upon permanent homesteads between
four and five thousand families, representing
from twenty-five to thirty thousand persons.
The crowning glory of the great rebellion,
that which the historian will particularize,
illustrate, and explain, is the great educa
tional system carried on by the American
people through its benevolent and Christian
associations in the miast of active hostilities.
Wherever the armies of the Union penetrated
there went also pious men and women scatter-
ing the seed of knowledge. The general could
hardly establish his headquarters in the re-
■ motest hamlet of the South before the agent
of the Christian missionary societies of the
North would open the school house. The
American Missionary Society, of which Rev.
George Whipple is the president, took the
lead in this great work. From 1862 to 1869
this society alone expended $1,650,000 in
the education of the colored children of the
South.
With every ship-load of supplies sent to the
front- there went also the packages of educa-
tional books. The sword and the spelling-book
moved side by side, the one hewing down and
destroying vice, and the other planting the
seeds of truth, virtue, and knowledge. The
idea was wholly American, "racy of the soil
and of the people." It would have been im-
possible in any other country. It is the one
instance in the world's history. It will be
glorious through all time. Congress recog-
nized these benevolent institutions in the law
of July 16, 1866, by providing that the Com-
missioner—
"Shall at all times cooperate with private benev-
olent associations of citizens in aid of freedmen, and
withagentsand tcachersduiy accredited and author-
ized by them, and shall hire or provide by lease,
buildings for purposes of education whenever such
associations-shall, without cost to the Government,
provide suitable teachers and means of instruction ;
and he shall furnish such protection as may be re-
quired for their safe conduct."
Under this authority, General Howard did
aid the various "benevolent associations of
citizens in aid of freedmen." To the Ameri-
can Missionary Society he donated in various
ways, in accordance with the law, the sum of
$200,000, and thus stimulated the entire benev-
olence of the country.
This and other benevolent associations and
enterprises I presume are included in the term
"ring," as used by the gentleman from New
York. Surely it is a ring" to be proud of.
It comprises the benevolence and Christianity
of America. The eligibility of the gentleman
from New York to membership is perhaps
questionable. It is composed of some thirty
benevolent, charitable, and Christian socie-
ties, whose only object is to educate and ele-
vate mankind, to spread truth, to suppress
vice, and to alleviate human suffering. All
its motives are pure and holy ; its agents,
self-sacrificing men, enlisted in the service of
God. Certainly this is a singular "ring" to
associate with fraud. If General Howard
in this association, endeavoring to exalt and
benefit mankind, to disseminate truth, to put
down and destroy sin, to relieve suffering—if,
I say, with motives so pure and so holy, Gen-
eral Howard has committed any error, surely
"the accusing spirit, which flew up to heaven's
chancery with the oath, blushed as he gave it
in; and the recording angel, as he wrote it
down, dropped a tear upon the word and blotted
it out forever."
There are now in active operation, under
the supervision of the Bureau of Refugees and
Freedmen, two thousand six hundred and
thirty-nine schools, with three thousand three
hundred teachers, and one hundred and foyy-
nine thousand five hundred and eighty-one
scholars; ninety-four normal schools, with
an attendance of eight thousand one hundred
and forty seven.
Heretofore the policy of our Government
has been to leave the subject of education to
the States. We have had no national system
of education. The policy of the different
States—whenever they had a policy—has been
to partially provide for the primary education
of its children, leaving everything connected
with the higher branches of instruction to pri-
vate enterprise. It is very often asserted by
persons who ought to know better, and un-
doubtedly believed by the great mass of our
people residing in those States where a system
of public schools obtains, that we have a more
perfect system of common-school education
than is known elsewhere in the world; but
this is far from true. On the contrary, the
educational systems of our most advanced
States are far behind many European coun-
tries. A thorough system of education only
obtains in our largest cities. In Prussia and
all the lesser German States; in Switzerland,
Holland, Belgium, Denmark, the educa-
tion of the people is a governmental policy.
Scotland has always educated its _ children.
England has always provided for its aristo-
cratic classes; and now, by the logic of events,
is forced into a system of education for its
operatives.
We are far behind most of these countries
on the subject of education. Their system is
the result of a governmental policy; our sys-
tem, where we have any, is attributable to the
progressive genius of the people, and is as
diversified- as is the enlighte'nment of tho
different sections. I state it as a fact that a
large portion of the German emigrants landing
upon our shores are better educated than their
children can ever be with only the advantages
offered by our present system. This is wrong.
