1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,239
41st Coxg....3d Sess.
Condition of the South—Mr. Dockery,
Ho. of Reps.
guardian, preventing or rendering improper the de-
livery ofsuehcheck.itshall betheduty ofsueb post-
master immediately to return suehehcckto the Cora-
miSMoner of Pensions, with a statement of the date
ot such de-ilb, or removal, or mai riage of any widow
who is a pensioner, and of such other material facts
as may have come to his knowledge, concerning the
condition, or conduct, or change of circumstances
of «ny pensioner. And for any and ail services under
this act such postmaster or deputy shall be entitled
to a fee of twenty-five cents, and no more, on each
voucher so executed and transmitted, to be charged
and settled in his quarterly post office accounts:
Provided, That in case such postmaster or deputy
shall be required to go to the residence of any pen-
sioner sick or unable, to travel, he shall be entitled
to reasonable additional compensation therefor.
And in noci.se shall a fee or compensation be re-
quired or received from any pensioner for any ser-
vice or duty performed under this act. or for any
service in assisting or enabling any pensioner to re-
ceive the payment of any pension. And the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall transmit to the Assistant
Treasurers arid designated banks such funds as may
be necessary to pay all such checks, and shall pre-
scribe all rules and legulations in the settlement of
all voucher*, and claims and accountsof officers and
banks arising under this act.
Sec. 2. And be tt further enacted. That in addition
to the means of detecting frauds against the pension
laws authorized by section twelve of t he act approved
July 24,1862, entitled "An act to grant pensions." the
Secretary of the Interior may require of any post-
master, collector, assessor, or other officer o! the
United States, a report from time to time of all in-
lormation within his knowledge; and the Secretary
of the Interior may require them to pertorm such
duties within the counties of their respective resi-
dences as may be required of any special agent under
said  ct, and at a compensation not greater than
therein prescribed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That if any per-
sou, in any oath, affirmation, or affidavit herein
authorized, shall swear, affirm? or depose falsely,
everj person so offending shall be deemed guilty of
and punished as f>rpeijury. And if any officer or
other person herein mentioned shall neglec or re-
fuse to perform any duty or matter required herein,
orin pursuance hereof, or if any person shall receive
any fee or compensation from any pensioner for
preparing any voucher or paper herein authorized,
or lor collecting any pension, or rendering any ser-
vice iu relation thereto, every person so offending
shall, on conviction thereof, be fined not more than
$100, or imprisoned for one mouth, or both, in the
discretion of the court having jurisdiction thereof.
And if any person snail falsely make, forge, alter,
or counterfeit any check, or any assignment or
indorsement thereon, or any voucher, affidavit, or
other paper herein authorized, every person so
offending shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed
guilty of and punished as for forgery. And any
person guilty of the laiceuy of any check drawn in
pursuance of this act shall be liable to be indicted
and punished as for the larceny of United States
notes of equal amount wuh such check. And if any
officer or other person shall deliver to any pensioner,
or other persou not entitled to receive the same, any
check, or deliver to any pensioner, or his or her
agent, any such check without the proper voucher
and proof being first delivered to the proper officer,
knowing such to bo the case, or if any person shall
laL-ely personate another person, living or dead, or
assume a fictitious name in any matter affecting or
relating to any pension, or any matter herein men
tioned or au horized, every person so offending shall
be deemed guilty of a crime, and on conviction
thereof, in any court of competent jurisdiction,
shall be fined in any sum not exceeding 51,000, or be
imprisoned for one year, or both, in the discretion
of i he court.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the office of
agent for the payment of pensions, commonly known
as pension agent, shall be abolished from and after
the day of , 1871, and all the duties thereof
not inconsistent with this act are devolved on the
officers herein mentioned.
Sjsc. 5. And be %i farther enacted. That the Commis-
sioner of Pensions shall procure to be printed suit-
able blanks for the vouchers and instructions men-
tioned in the first section ot this act, and before
transmission thereof, as therein provided,shall cause
the same to be filled up, from the documents and
records in his office, with the name and the number
and date of pension certificate of each pensioner or
guardian, respectively, entitled to receive the accom-
panying check for the payment of the pension, and
with the name and rank of the officer, soldier, or
other person by reason of whose services the pension
was granted, and such other facts and particulars as
may be proper in each case, leaving space for the
date, signatures, and attestations, to be added at the
time ot execution. And every postmaster, before
delivering any check, shall be fully satisfied, from
his own knowledge or credible evidence, of the right
of the pensioner or guardian named therein to re-
ceive the same; and such postmaster, with his cer-
tificate and signature, shall cause the name of his
post office and the datcot execution to be stamped
or written on each voucher.
]n connection with this subject I desire to
present a letter also addressed to rae by one
of the ablest lawyers of Ohio, a gentlemau
of large experience, who has devoted much
attention to the consideration of this subject,'
and whose opinions are entitled not only to
respect, but should have great weight. The
letter is as follows :
Atheks, Ohio, February 4,1871.
My Dear Sir: Yesterday I received the copy you
sent of yournew bill tor thepayment of pensions, for
which I desire to thankyou. I hardly supposed you
would have opportunity to introduce it the present
session, and can hardly now hope its passage. It
contemplates changes of Very great importance, not
more in the saving of money to the United States
Government, which would be hundreds of thou-
sands, if not more than a million dollars annually,
than in the increased convenience, facility, simpli-
city, and certninty. The change would most affect
the Pension Office, upon which the success of the
measure would mainly depend. How does the Com-
missioner of Pensions&tandaffected toward it ? His
opinion, intelligently made up. ought to have great
influence. The duties to be performed in his office
would be increased, but not rendered any more com-
plicated or difficult. Indeed, thevcould be nowhere
else so conveniently and efficiently performed. The
agents and their friends would, of course, yield with
reluctance, butthisshould not be regarded when the
public good is so much concerned. But I will not
trespass further upon your time with crude reflec-
tions.
Very truly, yours, A. G. BROWN.
Hon William La whence.
Condition of the South.
SPEECH OF HON. 0. H. DOCKERY,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
Is the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1871,
On the condition of the southern States.
Mr. DOCKERY. Mr. Speaker, the South
and its condition is a fruitful theme of discus-
sion on this floor and in the other branch of
Congress. Propositions are pending in both
Houses for the improvement of that condition
as various as are the political sentiments enter-
tained, prejudices indulged, or resentments to
be gratified. Polities, with a view to the suc-
cess of party alone, seems to animate our
counsels.and control our legislation. The bear-
ing of the laws upon this or that line of poliey
seems the motive of our action, almost re-
gardless of the peace and order of our common
household. Statesmanship is an unpopular
word, antiquated and effete. Its once thrilling
impulses, which prompted the legislator to
rise above the groveling desires peculiar to
self and self-preferment, to ignore the claims
of party when the interests of one's country
demanded it, are seen and felt no more. This
is essentially true, sir, of all the political organ-
izations of our day, and must be eventually the
bane of our Republic, dispensing its virus
until the whole system, in all its minutest parts,
becomes unsound and cancerous, unworthy of
preservation and unlit to live.
In all this wrangling for place, for power,
the South, unfortunately poor and helpless,
seems to constitute the stock in trade, the
battle-cry of party,the war whoop of vengeance.
This spirit is neither manly, charitable, nor
brave, and does not become a magnanimous
people flushed with success and elated with a
sense of power and strength, defiant and
omnipotent.
The southern people rebelled—and I am not
here to palliate nor justify that act—a grievous
error, and sorely have they repented. A war
ensued, costly, vindictive, and bloody; yet
the Union forces have suppressed the rebel-
lion and conquered the South. The seced-
ing States are all restored; the prodigal has
returned, and peace should ensue. Five years
ago last April the shattered and discomfited
forces of General Lee surrendered their arms.
Their blood-stained flag was furled forever,
and the brave soldiers of either side, proud oi
their valor and heroism, were mustered out,
and have long since lost the arts of war, and
are to-day and have been for years mingling
and commingling in their respective vocations
in peace and harmony, forgetful of the past
and hopeful of the future. They have had war
enough ; they know its horrors. They have
forgiven, and are to day locked together in
friendly bonds of sympathy for each other's
hopes and sufferings, aud of mutual concern
for each other's welfare, which frue manhood
and moral heroism ever inspires. But the pol-
iticians—outsiders in? times of trouble, when
men's souls are tried—continue the strife, and
the South mourns, bleeds, and suffers.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is the remedy for
our southern troubles; what is the solution
to this vexed problem of southern reconstruc-
tion? Why this disaffection, alienation, and
distrust? These are practical questions, and
worthy ourconsideration, and should be viewed
in the light of experience, observation, and
instincts of our nature, as well as unbending
equity, stern justice, and the rigors of law.
I am not here, sir, as the defender of seces-
sion, the apologist for the war, nor yet of that
spirit of lawlessness which undoubtedly pre-
vails in portions of the South, which should at
all hazards be suppressed; but permit jue to
say that allowance should be made for the dis-
turbed condition of southern society, the dis-
integration of her social structure, the destruc-
tion of her property, the desolation of her
homes, the loss of her sons, the demoraliza-
tion of her people, the recklessness engen-
dered of the rights of person and property,
ever au inseparable incident of all wars, but
universally to the vanquished, at least for a
time, exacting in its demands and fearful in
its results. These circumstances, to say noth-
ing of the liberation of four million slaves,
uneducated to self-control, unused to self-
reliance, with the prejudices of caste and the
animosities of race, and lastly, the mortifica-
tion of defeat, all alike tend to uneasiness,
disorder, and discontent. It, is idle to expect
a perfect and immediate calm after a fearful
tempest, and it is more idle still to anticipate
hy compulsory legislation perfect peace and
quiet among a vanquished and ruined people
on the instant of the cessation of hostilities.
The intervention of time must be invoked, a
gradual yielding to the new order of things,
softening the feelings and mitigating the pangs
of m ortification and regret.
Disorders and outrages, Mr. Speaker, exist
everywhere and are not confined to our south-
ern borders. Human nature must change,
and radically change, before any people any-
where, orunder any circumstances, will be free
from outbreaks of passion or madness. In
other more favored portions of the Union,
where the rebellion was not so fatal in its con-
sequences, we daily hear of outrages, thefts,
and murders, yet they have no political signifi-
cance and awaken no latent sparks of philan-
thropy and fellow feeling, receiving a passing
notice in the morningpaper, and all is hushed.
Crime, unfortunately, is everywhere on the
increase, and our land, in all its parts, must
be afflicted with its due portion.
But, Mr. Speaker, other considerations still
enter into this examination of remedies. The
South, however unseemly the expression may
appear, lias grievances demanding redress,
complaints which should be heard iu a spirit
of kindness and respect, for they are believed
to be just aud well-founded. I instance the
injustice with which the South has been treated
as evidenced in the non-payment of the assist-
ant marshals who took the census of I860,
This illustration affords an instance of repu-
diation, such as would shock the feelings of
any community in which common commercial
honesty is recognized as reputable. But, to a
people impoverished by war, weakened, ex-
hausted, broken down, this shameful act was
as bitter as it was unhappy, as cruel as it was
dishonorable, I find from records of the Cen-
