240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. os Reps.
National Education—Mr. Doolcery.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
sus Bureau the following sums of money due
and unpaid to the several southern States:
Alabama    $21,38111
Florida    3,380 87
Mississippi  1?'S§ 51
North Carolina  1®-T§§ 2®
Virginia  16,698 97
Arkansas  U-Tll 1®
Kentucky  5,115 73
Missouri  4,309 16
South Carolina  10.60+ 93
West Virginia ?.  3,139 86
Georgia       .  25,296 08
Louisiana  12,230 63
Tennessee  i?
Texas  13,075 92
Maryland   655 99
Amounting in the aggregate to $174,121 68
Why withhold this money ? The question is
not what were the claimants, but what is the
Government of the United States ? The ques-
tion is not are they fit to receive this money,
butis itdueand owing? Letussee. Intheyear
1860 the census of the United States was taken
and the majority of those employed in that
service in the South were paid one half of the
amount earned. This was a perfect recognition
of the justice of the demand, and this recogni-
tion was had before the first rebel gun had been
fired and before the war had been seriously
foreseen. In the spring of 1861 each claimant
was notified that there was a sum due him from
the Government. Thus, both by a partial pay-
ment and notification by the United States
authorities, were these claims acknowledged—
evidence strong and indisputable—and this
before a single act of hostility, before a first
blow at the flag or a first act of disunion.
If we are to be guided by the common love
of justice, or the common love of mankind, by
any rale or precedent or practice, it is idle to
contend that any act on the part of either
debtor or creditor. Government or claimant,
can, in the light of an .enlightened jurispru-
dence, excuse a fulfillment of obligations so
strongly acknowledged and so unquestionably
allowed. To hold the contrary is to throw
open the doors to a repudiation, such as will
shake and shatter our financial structure to its
base. The pledge of the nation is a sacred
pledge, whether given on greenbacks or white
paper, and these promises to these claimants
are as sacred as the bonds-now so current and
so prized. Suppose that any northern State
should secede from theUnion. Would the Gov-
ernment dare to repudiate such of its bonds as
might be the property of the citizens of such
section 1 No, if justice did not, policy would
restrain a course so iut'atnous. Yet wherein is
the difference in point of principle? These
southern claimants are unpaid, and even those
who, amid temptation, danger, and ruin, stood
by the Union were left uncared for for ten
years, and now are required to take an oath
which presumes fraud iu the outraged and
insulted claimant, and those who are unable
to take the oath cannot receive any portion of
that money which the Government promised
them, thus justifying repudiation under a law
of its own enactment. Rebellion and repudi-
ation are twin sisters: the former brought on
the war, the latter entails on the South the
miserii-s of the contest.
So likewise, Mr. Speaker, of the many poor
men in the South who earned your mails
previous to the war, who have to-day all of
$1,000,000 due them, an honest debt, money
faithfully earned and badly needed. The joint
resolution of March 2, 18G7, forbidding the
payment of all claims accruing prior to the
12th of April, 1861, save on the condition
of severe proof of loyalty is the most cruel
and keenest weapon ever forged in the fires of
repudiative and vindictive legislation. Not
that it takes from the enemy of theGovernment,
but that it robs the helpless and throws open
wide the door to a system of repudiation which
may crush the northern as its forerunner has
outraged the southern people.
Again, Mr. Speaker, why not recognize the
claims of the loyal man of the South for stores
taken for your armies ? Why bar the door
to his claim ? Upon what principle of justice
or of common courtesy is payment withheld ?
Why not treat all alike of every section, de-
manding the same proofs of loyalty and of
his property ? The southern Union man lost
all, save his attachment for his Government
and his principles which, sustained him amid
the fiery ordeal of four years of blood and
ruin. Can you, by this denial of justice, expect
his respect, much less his love and devotion ?
Why not organize a commission at once in
each southern State authorized to investigate
the facts and report the same to the Congress
of the United States? Why delay this matter
until the claimants are dead and the evidences
of proof lost? How much more manly would
it be in the Government to make "just com-
pensation " for property thus taken from its
citizens for its own use and benefit.
The persistent refusal, sir, to pay these just
claims operates unequally and harshly, creates
just cause of complaint and want of confidence
in the protecting care and disposition of the
Government. A prompt and full liquidation
of these honest debts would produce happy
results, especially if coupled with other meas-
ures of general relief. Your continued dis-
franchisement of the southern people but tends
to irritation and disaffection, and can in no
conceivable way be productive of good to our
people. Your southern citizens are either en-
titled to the protection of your Government in
a participation in its administration or merit its
condemnation and punishment. If the former,
your censure is unjust and criminal; if the lat-
ter, inflict your penalties, unmixed with petty
annoyances or irritating provocations. The
common weal demands full amnesty orpunitory
enactments, punishment or pardon, execution
or forgiveness.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this whole controversy
is of easy solution. In the first place, a full
and unconditional recognition of the rights of
the southern States as members of the Ameri-
can Union, in the payment of her just claims
of ante helium indebtedness, without the inter-
vention of a rigid test-oath, which virtually
excludes the claimant; in the second place, the
payment to loyal citizens for supplies used by
your armies to compensate somewhat for their
losses and their heroic devotion to the U nion;
and, in the third place, full and entire relief of
all disabilities, political and civil, of whatever
character, perfect equality of human right, with
no discriminating laws or proscriptive enact-
ments. Nothing save an equality before the
law can restore to relations compatible with
good government the now still separated sec-
tions of this country. Discriminating laws are
as repugnant to the animus of republican insti-
tutions as discriminating taxes are to the letter
of our Constitution.
Then your southern States will take courage,
and by timely action, under the guidance of then-
best men of experience, ability, and moral
worth, will soon arouse from their slumbers, and
under the fostering care of the Government
will present a contented, united, and happy
people. When this is done the Government
has done its duty, and in yielding its protection
can surely and consistently demand the alle-
giance of its citizens, and in the event of insub-
ordination to authority will be justified iu the
enactment of severe laws and in their enforce-
ment, if need be, at the bayonet's point. Re-
move every complaint, yea, every pretext of
complaint, and then compel obedience; protect
and then enforce submission. Then, though
passion may have thrilled it will not have
oroken our bonds of affection. The mystic
cords of memory, stretehing from every battle-
field and patriot grave to every living heart
and hearth-stone all over this broad land, will
yet swell the chorus of the Union when again
touched, as surely they will be, by the better
angels of our nature.
National Education.
SPEECH OF HON. O. H. DOCKERY,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
Ix the House op Representatives.
March 3, 1871,
On the bill (H. R. No. 1326) to establish a system of
national education.
Mr. DOCKERY. Mr. Speaker, the subject
of education is a commonplace theme, and
does ngt at this day admit an interesting argu-
ment or novel idea even. Its advantages are'
universally recognized, and modern civi lization
imperatively demands its agency. This is
emphatically a utilitarian age, and knowledge
is essential to success. Intelligence belongs of
right to our race, and its absence seems un-
natural and violative of our law of being. The
human mind, Divine in its origin and created
for thought, for action, for usefulness is sus-
ceptible of boundless expansion, unlimited
comprehension, and high culture, and its neg-
lect is unmanly, criminal, and sinful. Ignor-
ance and vice are pestilential weeds, which in-
flict the body-politic with noisome exhalations,
poisoning the atmosphere and checking the
healthful growth of all those principles which
adorn, ennoble, and dignify man. By careful
tillage and prudent husbandry this unsightly
herbage can be speedily eradicated, the rub-
bish removed, and the virgin soil enriched and
beautified with comely plants, pleasant to the
eye, agreeable to the taste, and serviceable to
our species.
Our country in this her time of sore trouble
needs the best intellects and active energies of
her people developed to the fullest extent,
compatible with our necessities by a thorough
system of intellectual improvement; and in
order to secure this great end the Government
should aid materially in its consummation.
The school-house, in future the beacon-light
of American society and the polar-star in our
political firmament, should dot our land as mile-
posts upon the highway, evidencing a determ-
ination of purpose sure of success. With the
rising generation thus systematically taught
and morally educated, our country will present
to the world the pleasing spectacle of a people
free, united, intelligent, atid happy, duly ap-
preciating the advantages of wholesome legis-
lation iu an impartial administration of just
laws, regardful of the public interests, philan-
thropic, patriotic, contented.
In many States of the Union the system of
common schools is now well organized, and is
productive of the happiest results, inviting
immigration by the free bestowal of educa-
tional facilities, the assurance of kindly recep-
tion, and the certainty of remunerative labor.
In all this we rejoice, for sectional or individ-
ual prosperity tends directly to the advance-
ment aud well-being of the whole country.
But, Mr. Speaker, other States are less hap-
pily situated, and imploringly ask aid of the
Government. In the southern States mainly
is this the case. By the late unfortunate civil
strife all has been lost. The South emerges
therefrom powerless, penniless, paralyzed.
Her educational fund lias been swallowed up
in the vortex of political convulsion, leaving
likewise a heavy indebtedness of State and
people. Her political, her social, her finan-
cial status has been fundamentally remodeled.
The change bears heavily, for it cost her iier
She recognizes with calm resignation her
all
hard lot, and pleads willingness but inability
to meet promptly those grave responsibilities
