1871.]
APPENDIX TO TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfeE.
248
41st Cong. ...3d Sess.
Civil Service Reform—Mr. Morrill.
Ho. of Eeps.
Democrat will be able to discover any indica-
tions of "insanity" on the part of that editor
respecting liis views as therein expressed upon
tbti liquor question. I will here bring to the
notice of the House some of the peculiarities
and idiosyncrasies of the communication just
read.
The charge of insanity which the editor
makes sounds to roe like the cry of "stop
thief," made by the thief himself. It is a well-
known fact that insane persons often charge
others with being so. Whether this is true
with that editor, his daily potations will bo a
sufficient indicator. As he is engaged in pol-
itic1-', he is probably not separated from whisky.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if a committee should be
raised to examine into my sanity, I beg that
you will appoint gentlemen who never use
alcoholic stimulants, if they can be found,
which I am happy to believe is not an impos-
sibility. The use of whisky disqualifies men
for correct judgment.
By the insinuation that all persons con-
nected with the Government, or in the Gov-
ernment employ, are whisky-drinkers, the edi-
tor makes a great mistake and does great
injustice to a large number of gentlemen. I
am happy to assure that editor, as well as the
people of the country, that there are large
numbers in official positions who are total
abstainers from the intoxicating cup; and if
Congress will enact this bill into law tbere will
be thousands of others, as on the day of Pen-
tecost, reformed and converted in a day. The
declaration that "whisky and politics are
inseparable" could only be made by the most
thorouehiy-trained Democrat. If, by politics,
it is inif.aded to mean every shade of rascality
that culminates through the strategy of stock-
jobbers and fraudulent lobbyists aud whisky
-ings, 1 grant the declaration to be too true.
And for this very reason, if for no other, liquor-
drinking by any officer or employe of the Gov-
ernment should be prohibited by law. It is a
well known fact that the very first thing to be
done in carrying fraudulent claims is, for those
interested, to establish a private grog-shop,
with all the paraphernalia thereto belonging,
from benzine whisky down to champagne,
secure the visits of such officials and others
as are necessary to the projects of the schemers,
and when they accept the hospitality of the
manipulators, and try the spirits, their infam-
ous schemes are more than half accomplished.
Alcohol, given under such circumstances, has
wonderful mesmeric power, and for carrying
any schemes ot rascality and fraud it is the
cheapest thing known. _ If you want lying,
cheating, perjury, stealing, traud, robbery,
debauchery of any kind, or murder, administer
whisky.
It will accomplish all these and all other
crimes known to the criminal calendar. Men
will do for one glass of whisky what they could
not be hired to do for any amount of money.
This is undoubtedly why those who want bad
politics to prevail are so interested, and mani-
fest such unwillingness to have whisky and
politics divorced. As long as whisky and poli-
tics are inseparable, so long honest men will
be cheated out of their just political rights.
I do not believe with that editor that the Gov-
ernment would be annihilated the next day
after the passage of this bill. It might affect
the gentleman's party; it might even destroy
it, but not the Government. And I suggest
here to my Republican friends whether it would
not be the very best thing to do, namely, to
remove the motive power of the Democratic
party by the passage of this bill?
The New York World also pays me a com-
pliment, as follows:
" It seems almost incredible that so gross and wan-
ton an insult as is contained in the subjoined pro-
posed law should have been offered many thousands
of respectable citizens by a member of Congress; but
here is the text of the bill introduced m the House
on the 30th ultimo by Mr. Samuel P, Mobbm, of
Maine."
Mr. Speaker, there can be only two classes
of persons iusulted by the provisions of this
bill: one class is the whisky dealer, and the
other is the officer who drinks.
How can a whisky-vender be insulted? This
bill simply fines him for selling to Govern-
ment employes. Now, the less whisky a man
sells the more respectable he is in the judg-
ment of mankind. No one that I ever knew
made himself respectable by selling liquor. I
do not see, therefore, that the whisky dealer is
wronged or "insulted." If the World means
that officers and employes of the Govern-
ment are insulted by this bill, I ask how that
can be? Does the editor mean to say that
a respectable habit is interfered with? No;
neither the editor nor any other man will ad-
vocate liquor drinking for its public servants.
They dare not insult humanity hy any such
advocacy. Is an engineer on a railroad, or
are the people who travel by rail, insulted
when the engineer is prohibited the use of in-
toxicating drinks? This is all the bill pro-
poses. It does not say to an officer or em-
ploy 6 of the Government, "You shall not drink
whisky." Itsimplysays, "If you do drink, your
services are to be dispensed with." That is all.
Now, if such officers or employes love their
liquor better than they love the service and
pay of their Government, is it an insult to
to allow them to take their choice ?
But, really, who are insulted by the liquor
drinking habits of officers and employes of
the Government? I take the position, Mr.
Speaker, that the liquor drinking officials and
employes of this Government are not only
practicing a disgraceful habit, but they are
guilty of openly insulting the people, the opin-
ion of the World to the contrary notwithstand-
ing. Look upon an intoxicated official in his
degradation and infamy, and then ask who is
insulted by such an exhibition. I may be
met, howerer, with the specious argument that
many officials drink only temperately. In my
judgment, temperate drinking stands in the
same relation to drunkenness that porwiggles
do to frogs. Some porwiggles die before ma-
turity ; that is all the difference. Insulted 1
Who are insulted more terribly than the peo-
ple of this country by the intemperance of its
officials? And when you add the oppressions,
abuse, robbery, and murder caused by the use
of this accursed poison, talk not to me about
insulting a large class of citizens by recom-
mending a little mild legislation to obviate the
evil I The only wonder to me is that when the
people feel the abuse, the taxation, the frauds,
and distresses arising from this cause, a pub-
lic nuisance like a gilded liquor bell should be
allowed to remain in existence for a single day.
I come now to inquire whether legislation,
as set forth in this bill, is proper, and whether
the right is vested in Congress to protect its
officers and employes from this scourge.
The sale of liquor or ardent spirits as a bev-
erage has always been considered a doubtful
right. This arises from two considerations:
first, protection to citizens by law from what-
ever works injury to the best interests of the
people; and secondly, the sale and use ot
whisky has always proved a disturber of the
peace.
There is probably no State in this Union but
what has in some way manifested that grog-
shops are dangerous institutions. Therefore,
attempts have been made to restrain the sale
by some form of legislation; some States licens
ing under certain conditions, while other States
have wholly prohibited such sales by enacting
pains and penalties for the offense. The good
of the community demands such legislation,
and no government fully accomplishes its duty,
especially to its officers and employes, till it
does all it can do by legislative enactments for
their safety. The Government is, or pretenda
to be, very sensitive in guarding its officials
against personal abuse, and is ever ready to
call upon the military to protect them in the
discharge of their duties. And shall we not
do so in the matter of using whisky, when
whisky makes the personal character of such
agents of the Government disgusting and loath-
some, and so often produces incompetency in
their official character?
The other day there was an effort made in
this House to decide juit how far cattle should
be carried in ths cars before being aired or
turned out to rest; how they should be fed
and watered, &c.; and why was this? Because
it was thought to be dangerous to the health
of the animals as usually packed and trundled
over the road, and this unheaUhfulness of the
cattle was likely to be transmitted to the peo-
ple. When the rinderpest or any other dis-
ease breaks out among the cattle of other
countries, or in this, with what haste legis-
lation is resorted to for protection against such
disease ; yet there was never any such pest as
the whisky pest since the beginning of the
world. You interfere with the liberty of a
certain class of gentry who meet to bet a little
of their money on games of chance. You con-
fiscate their goods, and drag them to the
lock-up. Yet. sir, there never was a gambling-
hell without whisky so low or so destructive
as one of your gilded liquor saloons. If rail-
road compaiies will not allow their engineers
to indulge in whisky, why should it be thought
a hardship or an unjust thing for Congress to
demand tor its engineers, pilots, and other
officers protection and security by the inter-
ference of wholesome law?
There is another proof still, showing that the
liquor business is an improper aud infamous
one, and that is the excessive and extortionate
duties levied upon the introduction and manu-
facture of this poison. Upon what condition
is the interference based save the fact that
whisky is an outlaw, and the more enormous
the taxes and duties levied upon this worthless
devil the less there will be used, and, therefore,
the less danger to the State. Can anyone come
to any other conclusion? The Government
would not dare for a moment to treat any other
business in that manner. The inference is
patent to every one that the whisky business
is infamous and ought to be banished. Con-
gress, therefore, wisely decided that whoever
bows to Bacchus shall pay tribute to Ca)sar.
How much better to suppress it entirely 1 leave
an intelligent public to judge.
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to state explicitly
v/hy the officers of the Government should
be strictly prohibited from using intoxicating
liquors as a beverage. Every officer of this
Government is expected to give his very best
ability and powers to subserve the best interests
of the Government which he is sworn to protect,,
defend, and support. The Government pays
its office is munificently for their services, and it
never hires a man or corn missions an officer for
his whisky-loving propensities. It is the under-
standing between the high contracting parties
that each shall do its duty and its whole duty as
sober, intelligent officers on the one part and
as a Governmentneedingand requiring faithful
service on the other part, tor which it is bound
to render an equivalent and protect its ser-
vants in the proper discharge of their duties.
The Government employs men for their sobri-
ety, not for their imbibing qualities. It has a
right, therefore, as a condition of the service
to be rendered, to demand that the servant
drink no intoxicating liquors. It is also a
matter worthy ot consideration whether an
officer, with an oath upon him to discharge
the duties imposed upon him according to his
best ability, does not violate that oath the
moment he partakes of the intoxicating cup.
\Ve all know how quickly alcohol changes the
