mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24?
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Erroneous Policy—Mr. Mayham.
Ho. of Eeps.
as the vanquished may naturally feel at the close
of a sanguinary conflict, they have slowly
yet surely given to you their confidence and
their love.
When the dark hour of your tribulation
came, and the heart of the nation throbbed
with profound solicitude for the safety of your
grand and illustrious Union, they breathed the
deep sigh of affection and solicitude as the
adopted subjects of an imperiled sovereignty;
and when the flag of the rebellion cast its
shadows over the brightness of their native
soil they lifted their hands to tear down the
flaunted ensign of treason. Thus have the
people whom I have the honor to represent
attested their fidelity to the country of their
adoption and their patriotic devotion to the
Government with which they seek to become
more closely and firmly associated.
Should New Mexico be admitted into the
sisterhood of the States I will covenant for
her that she will prove worthy of the honor
conferred and faithful to the obligations as-
sumed by that event which will institute so
important an era in the history of her career
and the destiny of her people. Her star, in
taking its emblematic place on the national
ensign, may not at once blaze forth with a
dazzling effulgence; it may glimmer for a
■while in the tar off West with a feeble radi-
ance, but it will steadily increase in magnitude
and luster, and its light will ever be as pure
and beautiful, if not as resplendent, as that
of any sister star in the constellation of the
Union.
Erroneous Policy of Republican Party.
SPEECH OF HON. S. L. MAYHAM,
OF NEW YORK,
Ix the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1871,
On the aggressive and unconstitutional policy of the
Republican party.
Mr. MAYHAM. Mr. Speaker, I am not one
of those who desire to keep alive the party
asperity, bitterness, and vindictiveness which
have to too great an extent divided and weak-
ened the councils of this Government for the
last ten years; nor would I recur to the past
party issues, which have ceased to exist but in
the history of the country, did I not feel called
upon to do so in vindication of the truth of
history and of the record of the old and time-
honored Democratic party, of which I am an
humble member, and which has been, in my
judgment, most unjustly assailed and misrep-
resented by the gentlemen upon the other side
of this Chamber.
The gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gent,] in his remarks in this House on the
5tb of February, took occasion, in the most
positive and unequivocal terms, to charge that
the war for the dissolution of the Union was
a Democratic war. He says :
"It cannot be denied that the war against the Con-
stitution and the Onion was a Democratic war so far
as tbe secession of the South was concerned."
And he adds:
"Therebellion was inaugurated by Democrats, and
was fought by Democrats, who only executed what
Democrats had planned long before."
Sir, a brief reference to the doings and say-
ings of the leaders of the Republican party, of
which the gentleman from California is the able
defender, will show that that gentleman in his
zeal has forgotten the early history and record
of that party and of its accredited leaders.
It might not be proper and parliamentary
for me to refer to the action of Republicans
now upon this floor, and to the warm and per-
sistent support which they gave to Jefferson
Davis as against that noble champion of
Democracy Mr. Douglas, but I trust I will be
permitted to recur to the published doctrines
of the Republican party through their leading
political organ, and their public acts and reso-
lutions at their political meetings.
At a Republican meeting held in MadisoD
county in the State of New York, expressive
of their indignation, for the trial, conviction
and execution of John Brown, of Harper's
Ferry notoriety, the following preamble and
resolutions were unanimously adopted :
Whereas the dissolution of the present imperfect
and inglorious Union between the free and slave
States would result in tne overthrow of slavery and
the consequent formation of a more perfect and
glorious Union: Therefore,
Resolved, That we invite a free correspondence
with the disunioaistsof the South in order to devise
the most suitable way and means to secure a con-
summation so devoutly to be wished.
Resolved, That we can safely and cheerfully leave
the reputation of John Brown and his murdered
co-workers in the cause of human liberty in tbe care
of posterity, knowing from the eternal principles of
justice that inasmuch as they lived and died for the
welfare of the human race, their memories will ever
be blessed on earth and that their names will bo en-
rolled with those who. " having passed through great
tribulations, take the martyr's place and wear the
martyr's crown in the kingdom of heaven."
Resolved, That the proceedings of this meeting be
published in the Republican papers of this county,
and also in the New York Tribune.
Here we have an instance of a Republican
meeting inviting cooperation with secession-
ists of the South for the purpose of dissolving
the Union.
Mr. Speaker, it needs no argument in this
House to prove that the New York Tribune
always has been and is to-day the leading and
most influential Republican journal in the Uni-
ted States, and that its distinguished editor,
whether he be a delegate in the Republican
national convention for Oregon, or a Repre-
sentative in Congress from Westchester county,
New York, or a political editor, stands con-
fessedly at the head of that great party, the
representative of its representative men, and
what he has written and published stands as
the authoritative declaration of the oracle of
that party. It will not therefore be unfair or
a misrepresentation of the doctrines of that
party to quote its doctrines as promulgated by
that great apostle of Republicanism. In the
New York Tribune of the 9th of November,
1860, two days after the election of Abraham
Lincoln, he says:
" If the cotton States become satisfied that they
can do better out of the Union than in it we insist
on letting them go in peace. The right to secede
may be a revolutionary one, but it exists neverthe-
less. We must ever resist the right of any State to
remain in the Union and nullify and defy the laws
thereof. To withdraw from the Union is quite an-
other matter; and whenever a considerable section
of the Union shall deliberately resolve to go out we
shall resist all coercive measures designed to keep it
in. We hope never to live in a Republic whereof
one section is pinned to the other by bayonets."
Again, on the 26th of November, 1860, that
paper contains another editorial from the pen
of this truly loyal Republican editor, of which
the following is an extract:
" If the cotton States unitedly and earnestly wish
to withdraw from the Union we think they should
be allowed to do so, Any attempt to compel them
by force to remain would be contrary to the prin-
ciples enunciated in the immortal Declaration of
Independence, contrary to the fundamental idea on
which human liberty is based."
Again, on the 17th day of December, 1860,
this representative of this great Union party
indites and publishes another editorial in the
Tribune of that date, in which he says:
"If the Declaration of Independence justified the
secession from the British empire of three millions
of colonists in 1776, we do not see why it would not
justify the secession of five millions of southerners
in 1861."
Thus, sir, while the people of the southern
States were holding conventions and threaten-
ing to break loose from their moorings under
the Federal Constitution, and to drift out upon
the sea of rebellion for the establishment of an
independent government, they had the assur-
ance from the organ of the incoming Repub-
lican administration that they had the right to
go and the same right that our forefathers had
to declare themselves free from the British
Government. What party at the North, then,
winked at, countenanced, and advised seces-
sion ? Let the paragraphs which I have read
answer.
Again, on the 23d day of February, 1862,
after the war had raged for nearly a year, and
while vast armies were in the field, this same
journal, from the pen of the same editor, uses
this language:
"Whenever it shall be clear that the great body
of the southern people have become conclusively
alienated from the Union and anxious to escape
from it, we will do our best to forward their views."
Sir, I challenge the gentlemen upon the
other side of this Chamber to find a Demo-
cratic paper, north of Mason and Dixson's
line, that ever favored secession or favored the
withdrawal of the southern States. I ask gen-
tlemen to look over the list and files of the
suppressed Democratic journals, whose editors
were in many instances incarcerated in polit-
ical prisons, and find, if they can, any such
language as that to which I have referred.
But I have not referred to all the arguments
of Republican journals in the North in favor
of secession and derogatory to the United
States Constitution and the nation's flag. I
might refer to tbe intemperate harangues of
some of the leading Republican orators, in
which the Constitution was denounced as a
"covenant with death anda league with hell."
Those sounds still ring in, and grate harshly
upon, the ear of living, men who heard them.
Mr. Speaker, while the soldiers of the Union
army were rallying in defense of that flag, with
their eyes ever intent upon that bright constel-
lation, as so many stars of destiny, the chief
editor of the leading paper of that party, to
whom the gentleman from California ascribes
all loyalty and devotion to Union was thus as-
sailing this emblem of our national unity, and
yet this was a Democratic rebellion, waged
by the Democratic party to destroy the Federal
Union. Away with such base slanders. Better
and more truly could it be said that it was a
sectional war, the result of the existence of a
sectional party, against the organization of
which Democrats and Conservatives all over
the country raised their warning voice. Sir. I
will not stop here to vindicate from the foul
aspersions of the gentleman from California •
the vast army of Democratic soldiers, consti-
tuting more than half the Union forces, who
crushed this rebellion. History is their vindi-
cator, and the assault upon them dictated by
party malignity cannot detract one laurel from
their honored brows. The malignant poisoned
shafts fall harmlessly at their feet.
Mr. Speaker, L have devoted thus much of
my time upon the discussion of past and dead
issues, for the purpose of hurling back, with the
contempt which, in my judgment, it deserves,
the charge made against ihe Democratic party,
and in conclusion upon this subject I desire to
say that I deem it unjust to the masses, either
of the Democratic or Republican party, to
charge them with disloyalty. I believe that the
hearts of the masses of all parties at the North
have always beat in unison ior the preservation
of the Federal Union.
But there are before the country living issues
which affect vital and living interests, which
cannot be ignored or disregarded by this body
without a manifest and positive neglect of duty.
Already the danger of national dishonor is
looming up in the distance ; we hear the mut-
terings of the thunders of discontent of the
people echoed upon this floor, through their
Representatives, threatening repudiation of
the public debt or a portion of it, because of
the injustice and inequality of the law under
which the debt was contracted, not only, but
because of the unjust, unwise, and unequal
distribution of the public burdens,
