248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
So. of Reps.
Erroneous Policy—Mr. Ilayham.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Sir, in the remarks which I shall make upon
this subject I desire to state in the outset that
I have no sympathy with the doctrine of repu-
diation, no word of palliation for any act that
looks to the violation of the plighted faith of
the Government, either in the payment of its
bo.nded or floating debt. I do not believe that
there is any pariy or any considerable number
of men in this nation who would, except as a
last resort, as an inexorable necessity, to save
the people from utter ruin and starvation, favor
repudiation and national dishonor ; and if there
be, I am not of that number. I therefore deny
the imputation made by gentlemen on the other
side of this Chamber that the Democratic
party is to-day or ever has been in favor of
repudiation. And in charity for the masses
of the Republican party, I will admit that
they—I mean the masses—have never desired
or seriously intended repudiation. But I shall
endeavor before I get through with the remarks
which I have to make to prove that the leaders
of that party have not only favored repudia-
tion but have made it an accomplished fact. I
do this, sir, in all kindness to gentlemen on
the other side of this House, but nevertheless
by way of just recrimination, by way of self-
defense.
What is repudiation ? is a question which may
well bo asked and answered by each of us and
by the country. Repudiation is defined to
mean the act of disclaiming a debt. Repudia-
tion, in the political sense in which it is now
used, is a refusal of the Government to pay
according to the terms of the contract its legal
indebtedness in the currency in which the par-
ties contracted for payment. By the Federal
Constitution, which was adopted on the 7th
of September, 17S7, it was first provided that
Congress should have power to coin money
and regulate the value thereof, and in a sub-
sequent section of the same instrument it was
also provided that no Slate should make any-
thing but gold and silver coin a legal tender.
This was manifestly the only legal currency
recognised either by tho Federal or the State
governments at tho time of the passage of the
legal-tender act of 38Cl\
Upon tho faith, then, of payment ultimately
in gold and silver, the entire business of the
country was conducted both between individ-
uals, and individuals and the Government.
The law of every contract was that the creditor
should be paid in gold or silver or its equiva-
lent. Now, within every rule of construction,
and by the clear meaning of the term, any act
that allowed the creditor to pay in less than
gold or silver or its equivalent was repudia-
tion; and yet, notwithstanding this plain and
indisputable proposition, a Republican Con-
gress, on the 20th of February, 18G2, passed a
law relieving the debtor from payment accord-
ing to the terms of the contract, and compel-
ling the creditor of the individual us well as of
the Government to take a currency, or I might
have said an irredeemable greenback, worth
at some times but little over one third the
amount of his debt, and forever discharge the
debtor from all further obligations to pay and
cancel or surrender the bond which was the
evidence of the indebtedness. Who favored
this measure? Republicans. Who passed it?
A Republican Congress? Who approved it?
A Republican Executive. And so persistent
was this party in the consummation of this
great financial wrong, that we all well remem-
ber, that any one at that time who dared even
breathe a doubt about the propriety of the
perpetration of this wrong was denounced
as an enemy of his country, deserving a lodg-
ment in an American bastile, or banishment
as a political prisoner to the Dry Tortugas
What amount of public debt did the United
States by that act repudiate? The whole
amount of the liquidated debt, of the nation at
that time, as appeared by the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, on the 30th of June,
1862, was $514,221,371 92.
The holders of these securities, although the
faith of the Government was pledged to their re-
demption in gold, were complacently informed
by the United States Treasurer, when these
bonds were presented, for payment that the
Government (meaning Congress, of course,)
had directed him to payin irredeemable paper,
worth at some of the time in gold only about
thirty per cent., the plain meaning of which
was the Government had repudiated two thirds
of the bond. Nor was this all the repudiation
of this party which now hold up their hands in
holy horror at the word "repudiation.'1 They
compelled the creditor of every individual,
State, and municipal corporation to accept of
this depreciated currency in payment of their
debts, and although in some of the States hav-
ing Democratic Governors efforts were made
to preserve unsullied their honor by payment
of the interest in gold, yet they were over-
powered by Republican Legislatures, and in
the case of New York, notwithstanding the
endeavors of Governor Seymour to the con-
trary, her proud motto, " Excelsior," was tar-
nished by a breach of public faith.
Sir, the amount lost to the creditors of the
United States, municipalities and individuals,
would, if the grand total could be ascertained,
be nearly enough, in my judgment, to pay the
national debt.
What were the consequences upon the public
credit of this repudiation? It shook the con-
fidence of the public creditor in the honesty of
the United States Government or atleast in the
ability of that Government, to pay its debts ac-
cording to the letter and spirit of the contract.
The public creditor once cheated, confidence
was lost, and loans could not be effected except
at ruinous rates. The consequence was that
the fearful war lor national unity and national
preservation was carried on with a depreciated
currency, which went hawking in the markets of
the world at rates of discount which would bo
ruinous to individuals, and which added to our
war debts, now represented in greenbacks anil
Government bonds, over one hundred per cent.
For every dollar of this debt which was pro-
duced by this Republican act of repudiation,
when the day of reckoning shall come—and
the signs of the times indicate that it is at
hand—the people will hold that party to a
fearful accountability. The tax-payers who
are now called upon to pay in gold, in viola-
tion of the letter and spirit of the contract,
bonds payable in this depreciated currency
by their very terms, and that, too, before
those bonds are due, and while gold is at a
premium as compared to the currency with
which it is purchased, have a right to cry aloud
and spare not until such injustice shall cease.
There is a point beyond which the forbearance
of a forbearing people will cease to be a virtue.
But, say these political latter-day saints,
things are changed, "old things have passed
away, and behold, all things have become
new." Under the old dispensation it was not
repudiation to pay bonds payable only in gold
in greenbacks of only one third their value.
Under the new dispensation it is repudiation
if you tax the bond-holder for his property, or
refuse to pay him his bond in gold, although
the lav/ under which the bond was issued pro-
vided for its payment in the currency of the
country, and at the time of its issue the only
currency in use was greenbacks.
Sir, upon this question I desire not to be
misunderstood. 1 am not unconscious of the
tact that there are men in all parties who
believe that these bonds (I mean five-twenties)
should be paid in gold, and that there are also
men of all parties who believe that they should
be paid in currency. I have never had a doubt
but, tbat the law in its terms not only, but in the
intention of its framers, contemplated the pay-
ment of these bonds in currency. I gather this
interpretation from the language of the legal-
tender act and the contemporaneous construc-
tions put upon them by the framers of the laws
til 6 03 S ©1V6S.
The first section of the act of the 26th of
February, 1862, provides that—
" The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized to issue, on the credit of the United States,
$15U,000,000 of United Statesnotes, not bearing inter-
est, payable to bearer at the Treasury.of the United
States, and of such denominations as lie may deem
expedient, not less than five dollars-each. And such
notes shall be receivable in payment of all taxes, in-
ternal duties, excise, debts, dues, and demands of
every kind duo to the United States, except duties
on imports, and of all claims and demands againstthe
United States of every kind whatsoever, except for
interest upon bonds and notes, which shall bepaid in
coin ; and shall also be lawful money and legal tender
inpayment of all debts, public and private, cxecpt
duties on imports and interest, as aforesaid. And such
United States notes shall be receivable the same as
coin at their par value, in payment for all loans that
may be hereafter sold or negotiated by the Secretary
of the Treasury."
The second section of this act provided for
the issue of $500,000,000 of five-twenty bonds,
and authorized the Secretary of the Treasury
to sell the same, either for coin or for the Uni-
ted States notes that then had been or might
thereafter be issued.
These bonds, when they were negotiated,
became a loan to the United States, and by
the express terms of the first section of the
act under which they were issued were payable
in legal-tender notes.
In discussing these legal-tender acts Senator
Morton, of Indiana, says :
"When it is asserted that the Government is
bound to redeem the five-twenties in coin, I say it ia
not only without law, but it is in express violation
of at least lour statutes."
The act of July 11, under which the secohd
issue of §150,000,000 of legal-tendernotes was
made, provides that said notes—
" Shall also be lawful money and legal tender in
payment, of all debts, public and private, in tho
United Stnle^, except duties on imports and interest
on bonds and notes."
This statute was not accompanied by the issue
of bonds, but it will be seen on examination
that no bond authorized by the act of Febru-
ary 26 had been negotiated by the Secretary
of the Treasury at the time of the passage of
the act of July 11, and that all bonds issued
under the act of February were subject to the
provisions of the act of July as to the terms
of payment.
Again, in January, 1863, Congress passed
a joint, resolution authorizing the issue of
$100,000,000 of legal-tender notes, and pro-
vided that—
" These notes, so issued, shall belawful money and
legal tender in payment of all claims and demands
against tho United States, of whatever kind, except
interest on notes and bonds."
The same language, in substance, is used in
the act of February, 18G3, which authorized the
issue of one hundred and fifty millions of legal-
tender notes. It provides that these notes.so
" issued shall be lawful money and legal tender
in payment of all debts, public and private,
within the United States except for duties on
imports and interest on the public debt."
Sir, I have referred to these statutes thus in
debate for the purpose of showing that the law
of the contract between the United States and
the holders of these bonds, which were issued
after the passage of these acts and do not upon
their face require payment in coin, is that they
are payable in currency, and that their pay-
ment in gold when it is at a premium is a vio-
lation of the right of the tax-payer and gross
injustice to the people.
I might refer to the opinion of 'the late dis-
tinguished chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means of this House, who was, I believe,
one of the authors of these acts, to show his
construction of the same, made almost contem-
poraneously with their passage, but the evi-
dence upon this subject need not be multiplied.
