1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Erroneous Policy—Mr. Mayham,
Ho. of Reps.
If the language of the several acts and the con-
structions put upon them by their framers and
authors will not convince, no proof or argument
will suffice for that purpose. «
Notwithstanding the quotations which I have
made, and the distinguished and honorable
gentlemen in the Bepublican party who most
unequivocally dissent from the views of the
majority of their party, the present Republican
party is committed to the payment of these
bonds in gold and to their redemption in gold
before their maturity ; and the financial offi-
cer of the country, under the direction of the
President of the United States, is buyingbonds
or selling gold, as his fancy or judgment may
dictate or theinterestofhisfriendsmay require.
But it is said that the question of the manner
in which these bonds shall be paid is no longer
one of construction for the President or Secre-
tary of the Treasury or even for the judiciary,
for on the 12th of March, 1869, this House
passed an act giving judicial construction to
the law which authorized the issue of the five-
twenties known by the euphoneous title, I be-
lieve, of the act entitled " An act to strengthen
public credit," and which passed the Senate
on the 15th of that month ; which act, by its
provision, adjudged and determined that these
bonds were payable in gold.
Sir, if that act was constitutional the power
that enacted it can repeal it, and its repeal
would not be in contravention of the constitu-
tional provision which forbids the enactment
of laws impairing the obligations of contracts,
for the reason that these bonds were outstand-
ing at the time of its enactment.
But what right had Congress thus to invade
the judicial dominions, and pronounce grave
, judicial opinions upon the construction of
laws which had already been enacted and
under which rights had been acquired and
fixed by contract between the Government and
the bond-holders?
If Congress has the power under the Con-
stitution to give judicial construction to laws
in one case they have in all cases, and it is
time that the learned judges who have been
accustomed to sit in solemn judgment in the
middle of this national Capitol doff their judi-
cial robes, and leave to this branch of the
Government all power, both legislative and
judicial; and I think the Senate and House
of Representatives can soon dispose of the
executive power and establish Congress as the
Government of the United States. But, sir,
1 confess that I am too conservative, perhaps
too much of a Democrat, to risk any such
dangerous experiment.
The Constitution of the United States, for
which I have now, always had, and hope I
always shall have great respect, provides that—
"The judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior
courts as Congress may from time to time ordain and
establish."
And—
"The judicial powers shall extend to all cases of
law aiul equity arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties made under
their authority."
There is therefore no judicial power either
in terms or by any fair implication vested in
Congress. By what authority, then, did they
assume to give judicial construction to laws of
the United States? This question remains
unanswered. I believe, sir, it would be sound
policy in the United States Government to pay
such of (he five-twenties as are not by Jaw
payable in gold, in the lawful currency of the
country, and if bondholders are dissatisfied
with that, let the question be remitted to the
court for a judicial determination. If the
courts should determine that they were pay-
able in currency the tax-payer would be saved
nearly one fifth the amount,, and the holder
would be paid in accordance with the letter
and spirit of the contract, and the taint of
repudiation would not be found on the skirts
of the Government.
There is one other question nearly allied to
the payment of these bonds in gold, and that is
the taxation of United States bonds as property
in the hands of the holders.
W'hile I deny the power of Congress to sit
in judgment upon the law or give judicial con-
struction thereto, I concede that it is clothed
with am.ple powers for the purpose of taxation.
The Constitution provides that—
"The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excise, to pay the debts,
and provide for the common defense and general
welfare of the United States."
this power may then be properly exercised
by Congress, to pay debts and provide for the
general welfare. The necessity for the exer-
cise of this power for both these reasons exists
now. The demand of public creditors makes
the tax necessary, and the general welfare of
the nation requires that all kinds of property
and all classes of citizens should, in proportion
to their ability, pay their just proportion of the
public burdens. But it is said that it has been
decided illegal and against public policy to im-
pose tax upon the holders of United States
bonds for the property they have in them. It
has never, I believe, been judicially decided
that Congress had not the power to authorize
the taxation of these bonds for the payment
of United States debts, and under the consti-
tutional provision which I have quoted no court
will ever pronounce such a decision.
There are reasons of public policy existing
now that did not exist at the time of the decis-
ion to which I have referred. In the fearful
struggle for self-preservation through which
this nation has just passed, there was scarcely
a municipality or town in all the adhering
States that did not strain its credit to the utmost
tension in the issue of bonds to furnish men
and means in defense of the Federal Union.
Those bonds are, many of them, to-day out-
standing and unpaid, and must be met by
tax-payers at maturity, principal and interest.
That debt in those States in the aggregate is
nearly equal to one third of their proportion
of the United States debt proper, and was
contracted as much to preserve the integrity
of the Union as was the bonded debt of the
United States. The United States Govern-
ment taxes these bonds indirectly by a tax on
income to pay this war debt; what different
principal would be involved in taxing them by
States, towns, and municipalities to pay the
same kind of debt?
But I insist that as property, and as the most
sure, valuable, and productive property of the
country, they should be taxed to the same
amount as other property. There can be no
sound principle, either of morals or of political
economy, that discriminates between different
classes of individuals or property in the distri-
bution of the burdens of the Government, as
all are alike entitled to protection uuder the
laws, so should all alike be' charged with the
expense of their execution. The farmer, the
merchant, the manufacturer, and mechanic
are first taxed for the amount of their invest-
ment and then the same amount on their in-
come as the bondholder, while, as the law
now is, the bondholder is taxed only upon his
income:
For instance, a farm worth $50,000 produces an in-
come ofsixper cent, per annum, making... v>3,000
Deduct town, county, and State tax at three
per ccnt. per annum...   $l,oU0
Deduct income taxoii$50J excels above
a.uoo 
Leave total tax  1.525
Leaving a total net income ot 
upon allhisinvestment, and with all his labor.
The bondholder " who toils not, neither does
he spin," on an investment of $50,000 receives,
first, six per cent, semi-annually in gold, which
Is equal to about eight per eent., or $4,000
On $3,000 which he pays a tax of five per
cent., or  150
Leaving his net balance of $3,850
showing a net income above that of the farm
on the same investment of $2,405, while he
pays in taxes less than the farmer $1,870.
Why this unjust discrimination? Why, sir,
should not these bonds be taxed as other prop
erty? They represent about two and a halt'
billions of property owned and held by individ-
uals. I know that a portion of them are held
and owned abroad, and to that extent are not
a part of the wealth of this country. But when
held and owned by an inhabitant of the United
States they are as much property as the farm
of the farmer or the wares of the merchant.
Is there any principle of justice, equity, or
sound political economy that exempts so large
a clas3 of property from taxation and that, too,
when the burdens of taxation, to meet the
demands of the Government, crush the people
as between the upper and nether millstone?
Is it in accordance with the spirit of our free,
democratic institutions for Congress to create,
uphold, and defend in free America a privileged
class? The whole spirit of our legislation,
except upon this subject, professes to be aim-
ing deadly blows at the doctrine of caste. We
profess to be legislating to promote equality
among the people and to dispense equal and
exact justice to all. Will any gentleman upon
this floor stand up before the American people
and defend this kind of legislation as an act
of equality?
Sir, the legislation that exempts property in
these bonds from taxation is so much legis-
lation in the interest of caste, the direct and
inevitable consequence of which is to buildup
in this country a bonded aristocracy, whose
interests are not identical with those of the
toiling millions of the nation, and who do not
and cannot feel the crushing weight of the
burdens that oppress and paralyze the indus-
try and business interests of the country.
Why, sir, a distinguished liepublican Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, in one of his beau-
tiful, learned, and eloquent lectures on tho
question of caste, carries us round to India,
on the opposite side of the globe, to show us
caste, as he says, in its most odious form, as
it exists in that semi-barbarous country, and
among its most objectionable features lie says
that the Biahmins, one class of citizens in
India, are exempted from taxation. I will do
him the justice to quote his exact language.
He says:
"Not for the most insufferable crime can he bo
touched in person or property, nor can ho be called
to pay taxes, while all other classes must bestow their
wealth upon him. Such is the Brahmin, with those
privileges crystallized m his blood trom generation
to generation."
Sir, that learned and distinguished Senator
needed not to go to far-off India to point the
American people and his American audience
to this most objectionable feature ot caste.
He could have called attention to free and
vaunted America. He might have pointed to
a living instance among his own auditory of
caste in the American bondholder. He could
have said of him, as he did of the Brahmin,
" He pays no tax, while all other classes must
bestow their wealth upon himand would it
not have been equally true ?
Let not the American statesman point to
India or any other country for exhibitions of
caste upon this subject until we shall have
purged our own nation of this most heinous
of all political sins. Let the missionary com-
mence his glorious work of reformation upon
the iloor of the United States Senate, and let
the spirit of reform radiate from that body until
it leaches this House. Let us first remove the
