1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Brooklyn Navy-Yard—Mr. Starkweather.
Ho. op Reps.
Island, Chester or Marcus Hook, and New
Castle upon the Delaware, and the sites upon
the Hudson river.
That the Thames river has uniformly been
regarded with favor by naval officers and others
who have understood its advantages for a navy-
yard and naval depot is well known. As early
as 1820 the then.Secretary of the Navy, Hon.
Benjamin Stoddert, spoke of it as possessing
"many advantages for a dock." And it has
been commended in various reports of naval
officers and others before and since that time.
Commodore Bainbridge, in his report in 1817,
said:
"New London has an excellent harbor, accessible
at all seasons of the year. It is in many respccts
well calculated for a naval depot, having a good
situation at Comstock spointon the Thames river."
And Brigadier General J. G. Swift, Captain
Evans, and the distinguished Oliver H. Perry,
said in their report:
"Theharboro^ New London is of very easy access,
and is capacious and sale, and, in relation to the line
through Fisher's Island sound, is deemed a very val-
uable harbor. An abundant depth of waterextends
from New London to Comstock's Point."
This point is some two or three miles above
the site selected by the Government for a navy-
yard. In their report, dated May 14, 1826,
General Barnard and Colonel Joseph E. Tot-
ten, the late General Totten, said:
"New London harbor is very important to the
commerce of Long Island sound, and as a port of
easy access, having a great depth of water, never
freezing, and being easilydelended.it is an excel-
lent station for the Navy."
Commodores Hull, Rogers, and Decatur,
and Captains Jones, Morris, and Bid well, all
of whom were stationed at New London pre-
vious to and during the late war with England,
commended it as an excellent place for a naval
station. Commodore Decatur, in a letter to
the late Commodore G. YV. Rogers, said:
" I wish there might be a navy-yard at New Lon-
don, lor I know of no place in the United States
possessing so many advantages."
I refer to these facts und opinions to show
that in putting a navy-yard on theThames river
we are starting no new project, but carrying
out the long cherished designs and wishes of
the fathers and founders of our Navy, of men
best qualified tojudgeofsuch matters, and who,
in their day, rendered most distinguished ser-
vice to their country j nor have their views been
contradicted, but confirmed by every subse-
quent examination and inquiry made upon the
subject. In a report of 1837 the following
language is used:
"New London offers in the roads of the Thames
river a safe and land-locked harbor, and first-rate
voxels can sail up this stream, which never freezes,
to five and a half miles above the city."
"We bhall conclude this description"—
say the authorities of this report—
"of Thames river by some details of the position of
Gales Ferry, which offers many advantages as a site
lor a navy-yard." * * * * "And as
Thames nverneverfreezes, probably in consequence
of a number of springs which it receives under water,
vessels would ha ve nothing to fear from the ice, and
the communication between the navy-yard and the
ocean would be open at all seasons."
I come now to the report of the "board of
officers'' appointed by the Secretary of the
Navy, under authority of Congress, in 1862,
of which liear Admiral S. II. Stringharn was
chairman. This board was charged in the
words of the act to ''make a survey and ex-
amination of the harbor of New London and
its surroundings, with reference to its capacity
and fitness for a naval depot and navy-yard."
The}7 were also directed to examine several
other places. And what was the result of their
examinations ? 'i he following resolution, with
which the board closed their report, will show:
"Resolved, That the harbor of New London pos-
sesses greater advantages for a navy-yaid and naval
depot than any other location examined by this
board."
This examination of theThames river being
so recent, so thorough, and of such high
authority, I shall take the liberty to give a more
minute account of it and of the reason by
which the board were guided to the conclusion
named. I will quote briefly from the report
itself, as what is therein said will throw more
light on the subject than anything that I can
say myself:
"In the year 1862 the Secretary of the Navy, under
the authority of Congress, appointed a 'board of
officers,' of which Rear Admiral S. II. Stringharn was
chairman, to examine and report as to the compara-
tive fitness of * the harbor of New London and its
surroundings,' 4 Narragansett Bay,'and 'League
Island/ in the Delaware river, for a navy-yard for
iron-clad vessels. The hoard devoted much time in
making the required investigations, and on the 24th
of October, 1862, they made their report in favor of
New London.
" The following resolution was parsed by the board:
" Resolved., That the harbor of New London pos-
sesses greater advantages fora navy-yard and naval
depot than any other location examined by this
board.
"Some of the advantages of 'the harbor of New
London1 enumerated by the board are the following:
"First. 4 adequate depth of water at and near the
site for vessels ot the largest class/
"Second. 'Facility of ingress and egress. Thehar-
bor of New London,' said the board, 4 has a fine,
clear entrance Irom the ocean, accessible at aII times
and all seasons. From it vessels of any class can pro-
ceed to sea with almost any wind.'
"Third. 'Security from an attack by an enemy,'
said the board. 'Thepresentdefenses of the harbor
of New London are Forts Trumbull and Griswold,
the first a strongfortress, builtof granite, in the most
substantial manner, and the second an extensive
earthwork, on Groton Heights, opposite the city of
New London. From the entrance of the harborfrom
Long Island sound to the site deemed most suitable
for a navy-yard, there are, on either side of the river,
numerous points upo'n which iron towers or turrets,
armed with guns ot largest caliber, can be erected at
moderate cost, and so arranged as to render the
entrance of hostile vessels impossible, if forts and
towers can be constructed of sufticient strength to
resist the attack of ships of modern construction and
armament. Brigadier General George W. Cu'lum,
of the United States engineers.states as his opinion
that "no harbor in the UnitedStates is more suscep-
tible of defense against the entrance of a fleet than
New London. _ Although the city of New London
docs not contain a large population to resist inva-
sion its railroad connections are such as to bring the
citiesof New York, Brooklyn, Boston, New Haven,
Hartford, Springfield, Worcester, Providence, and
many other populous cities and towns within about
four hours'time. Its roads connect with the whole
network of railroads traversing the New England
States and New York, and by them and its water
connections probably as large a military force could
be concentrated at this point in a given time as at
any other point on the Atlantic coast.
"Fourth. Security from violent winds and sea, and
from ice whether fast or floating. The haibor of
New London is well protected Irom violent winds
and sea, and is not obstructed by ice. Vessels of any
size may anchor there with perfect safety at all
times.
"Fifth. Ample accommodations for safe anchorage,
with good holding ground in the adjacent waters.
The waters adjacent to tbe harbor of New London
are Fisher's Island sound and Gardner's bay. Spa-
cious roadsteads, having abundant depth of water
for the largest vessels, with the best holding ground
and ample space to accommodate any number of
vessels that the Government may desire to concen-
trate there.
"Sixth. 'Thesiteon Thames river,'said the board,
* has abundantspacc for the erection of all buildings,
docks, and basins that may be required for a first-
class establishment, with extensive water front for
tbe accommodation of a large number of vessels.*
"Seventh. It is believed that some foundations
could be found without resorting to the tedious and
expensive process of piling.
" Eighth. The range of tide at New London is two
and a half feet.
"Ninth. Thecurrentsat NewLondon arc not rapid,
the water is clear, and there is nothing to be appre-
hended from deposits at this place.
44 Tenth. Facilities for procuring supplies, See. The
report said, on this point: 4 In addition to the means
of transportation by water to a harbor always acces-
sible, the railroad communications connect with the
great lines which traverse the eastern, northern, and
western States, and render the productions of those
States availablo with case and certainty, and these
northern and eastern States are the points where
the largest portion of our merchant marine is con-
structed/
" F?e enth. Facilities for procuring workmen of
all classes. No reasonable doubt can exist as to the
practicability of procuring at New London all the
mechanics and workmen of every description which
may be necessary to ex«*cute the work in a navy-
yard ; for, although the city of New London does not
at this time contain a large population of this kind,
thenumerous cities,towns, and villngesofNew Eng-
land and New York abound iu artisans of ail de-
scriptions, who are ever ready to respond to demands
for their services. These people alwaysconcentrate
where employment is to he obtained, and there
would be great inducements for them to resort to
New London, where house rents are remarkably
low. Tenements can be had in the immediate vicin-
ity, and the cost of living is moderate.
"Twelfth. Health of tbe vicinity. 4 No question can
be raised,' said the board, ' as to the superior health
enjoyed by the residents of New London/"
The Secretary of the Navy in his report to
Congress in 1869, says, in speaking on thia
subject:
"New London.—Eighty-three acres of land on the
Thames river, near New London, were some time
since given by theStateofConnecticut.and accepted
by theGovernmentwith a view to the establishment
of a naval station at that place.
44 In conformity with this understanding, the De-
partment has placed a proper naval officer in com-
mand there, but it is able to do nothing toward
actually establishing the new station without an
appropriation lor that purpose.
"The land referred to is well situated onthebank
of theThames river. It is favorable in its general
character for the object designed, and it has a water
front of fifty-two hundred and eighty feet, running
back from the river six hundred feet, and a depth
ofjvater in the channel of over thirty feet.
4,It is situated in the midstof an industrious com-
munity, who?e labor is skillful and cheap, and on a
fine harbor, easily accessible in all weathers and
irom almost every point.
44 This land was, as I have said, given and received
for the purposes of a new naval establishment, and
in this spirit the Department presents it for the con-
sideration of Congress, and such appropriation as
present circumstances may warrant."
And further, I wish to call attention to the
statements of Commodore J. P. McKinstry,
who, it will be seen, was directed by the Se"c-
retary of the Navy in 1867 to confer with the
commissioners appointed by the Governor of
Connecticut relative to this tract of land ceded
to the United States. He says:
No. 344 Jefferson Avenue,
Detroit, March 14,1870,
Dear Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of your communication, dated 5th instant.
The unavailing search lor the letter referred to from
Kear Admiral Godon has prevented an earlier reply.
In the autumn of 1867 I was directed by the honor-
able tbe Secretary Of tn e Navy to confer with the com-
missioners appointed by the Governor of the State
of Connecticut relative to the cession of a tract of
land on the border of the Thames, to be donated by
the State to the United States, tor naval purposes.
After a personal examination with the commis-
sioners of both shores of £he river, a tract of the pre-
scribed dimensions was selected on the east bank of
the Thames, lying within the towns of Ledyard and
Groton.
Inclosed please find my personal opinion of the
harbor of New London.
Its advantages over Brooklyn for a naval site nro
so decided as to require, in my opinion, a removal
to be made for the interest of the Government as
soon as practicable.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. P. MeKINSTRY.
Commodore United Suites Navy.
Hon. II. II. Starkweather, M. C., Washington.
P. S.—In the inclosed statement the fact (a very
important one) that the harbor of NewLondon is
rarely, if ever, obstructed by ice, has been omitted.
Detroit, Michigan, March 11,1870.
Sir : In reply to your communication, the follow-
ing personal opinion relative to Brooklyn and New
London as sites for navy-yards is respectfully sub-
mitted:
1. The superiority of the harbor of New London
has been long and favorably known to constitute the
most desirable haven on Long Island sound tor naval
or commercial purposes.
2. Its nearly midway position between New York
and Boston, two of the great entrepots of our coast,
with its facilities for water and land transportation,
gives New London great advantages for obtaining
supplies of all kinds.
3. The tract of land on the Thames, from its form-
ation, can be made available tor naval purposes
at a much less expense than usual in establishing
navy-yards.
4. At naval stations within the large cities there
are great dangers from the proximity of factories
and the storage of inflammable materials, and it is
found difficult to entorce proper police regulations
for the preservation of public propertj'.
5. It is conceded by those acquainted with the
stations at Brooklyn and New London, that the
climate of the latter is superior to the former.
6. The coast defenses at the entrance of the
Thaihes are adequate to the protection of the pro-
posed navy-yard against attacks by sea.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant, •
J. P. McKINSTRY,
Commodore United States Navy«
Hon. H. n. Starkweather, M. C. 
Washington, pistrict of Columbia,
