1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
41st Cong....3d Sess.
The Indians—Mr. Armstrong,
Ho. op Reps.
acres per capita of desirable and productive
land.
The Territory is larger than the whole of New
England by nearly three million acres. Yet
New England, with a soil naturally sterile and
withaclimate rigorous in the extreme, supports
a population of over three millions and a half,
or about eleven and a half acres per capita. Of
course the circumstances are widely different,
and the necessities of a people just emerging
from barbarism will require a much more
extended area. But after every allowance for
wastefulness, improvidence, and the general
lack of thrift which must attend upon the tran-
sition from barbarism to the adoption of the
customs and habits of civilized life, there can
be no doubt that the Territory is ample for the
accommodation of all and more than all the
tribes whom it will be desirable or possible to
bring within it.
General Marey, in the valuable report before
referred to, says:
"The insurmountable difficulty we have hereto-
fore encountered in carrying out the colonizing
policy has resulted from the fact that the Indian
reservations have been required for the extension
of our white settlements, and the Indians have been
forced to give way: but if a section of country can
be found where the white settlers would not be
likely to intrude, and which possessed the requi-
sites that have been mentioned, this, it seems to
me, would be the place to locate the prairie Indians."
He then discusses the question of location,
and pronounces the territory covered by this
bill to be admirably adapted and entirely
sufficient for the purpose. It has been selected
by the Government with great deliberation and
with careful regard to its fitness. There is
every reason to believe that the Indians can be
induced upon reasonable terms to surrender
their treaty lands and locate within it.
The Secretary of the Interior, on the 19th
January, 1871, in his letter to General Shanks,
speaking of the proposed Territory, says:
" It is ray op'nion that the Indian tribes not now
represented in this confederate government will
gradually come into the Indian country, taking res-
ervations, and becoming part and parcel of the con-
federation."
It is well known that this opinion is held by
the "Indian commission." At their session
in January last in this city, when this bill was
under consideration, they adopted and sent to
the President the following resolution;
" Resolved, That this board respectfully and earn-
estly solicit the President of the United States to
recommend to Congress such legislation as may be
deemed necessary to encourage and secure perma-
nency to the government organized by the Indians
in the Indian Territory for thcbenefit of themselves
and their race: and also for the absolute protection
of the Indian Territory, both east and west of the
ninety-sixth parallel of west longitude, from settle-
ment by the whites, in order that it may be pre-
served permanently for the location of such other
tribes of Indians as may from time to time beinduced
to settle thereon."
On page 26 of their report for 1869 they say:
"Trie plan of collecting these Indian tribes into
the Indian Territory, with a view to civilize, edu-
cate, christianize, and elevate them to the privi-
leges of citizenship, meets our hearty approval.
The location of both reservations is in several par-
ticulars the very best that could bo found."
The same opinion is entertained by General
Marcy, whose long experience of more than
thirty years among the tribes entitles his opin-
ion to more than ordinary weight. There is
also a general concurrence in this view among
those who have had the largest opportunities
for observation.
The necessity for this consummation so de-
voutly to be wished is every day more deeply
impressed upon the Indians. They feel its
necessity and recognize it as inevitable. They
are conscious of weakness; and while their
evident helplessness appeals to our honor and
our justice as their appropriate guardians, it
inclines them to give more willing assent to
whatever the Government may deem best for
their welfare. As settlements approach, game
becomes more scarce, and their hunting excur-
sions more difficult and extended. As their
accustomed means of support become more
precarious they look more kindly upon the
pursuits of husbandry, and within the last few
years have given many evidences of a desire
for the comforts of more settled homes. But
in their present isolated and scattered condi-
tion, close upon the border line of civilization,
their efforts in this direction have been so often
and so cruelly crushed that there is scarcely
the shadow of a hope that they can be civil-
ized while scattered upon their reservations.
Every effort to civilize them has been thwarted
by the gross outrages of irresponsible and law-
less men.
That these wrongs are not imaginary is evi-
denced by overwhelming testimony.
In this same valuable report to which I have
referred, on page 70, it is said:
"Until within a few years the Comanehes, ICiowas,
Cheyennes, a portion of the Siouxand other nomadic
tribes have lived exclusively on buffalo meat, many
of them never having tasted bread in their lives, and
up to this very day not one of them ever planted a
seed. Thirty years ago they roamed at will over all
the vast district of country lying between the eastern
base of the Rocky mountains and the Missouri river,
and it was only at rare intervals that they camo in
contact with a white man. The few white men who
crossed the plains were traders, trapper?, or adven-
turers, not sufficiently numerous to molest the game,
or otherwise disturb the Indians, who tor the most
part continued peaceable and well-disposed. The
condition of Indian affairs is, however, very different
now. Rich gold and silver mines have been discov-
ered and developed. Within the last two decades
towns, Territories, and States have, like mushrooms,
sprung up throughout our vast mountain ranges,
and the hunting-grounds of the Indians have been
encroached upon and intersected in every direction
by numerous roads that are annually traversed by
thousands of emigrants, who kill and disperse the
buffalo and come into continual conflict with the
savages. ilenee, the Indians have learned to look
upon us as enemies, who are crowding them on all
sides and depriving them of their means of subsist-
ence, and war to the knife has been the result.
'"Even the wildest Indians,' says General Marey,
' possess as keen an appreciation of right and wrong
as any other people, and they understand perfectly
well that they havo often been defrauded by dis-
honest agents; and this knowledge has contributed
moie than all other causes combined to destroy their
confidence in our authorities, as well as to incite
them to hostilities.'"
Wherever the Indians have had substantial
protection against unreasonable encroachments
they have made commendable progress.
On page 9 of the report the commissioners
say:
" Tho ChoctawSjChickasaws.Cherokees, and Creeks,
as farmers, compare favorably with the whites. They
have organized systems of government similar to our
own, with legislative assemblies, judiciary depart-
ment, and a good system of common schools.
" The Seminoles have also made much progress in
agriculture."  
These are the leading tribes now in the pro-
posed Territory of Oklahoma, and through
whose influence and example there is much
reason to believe that other tribes, when there
located, will come with all reasonable facility
and speed within the reach and power of
civilization.
Many similar efforts have been made by
other tribes, but they have been discouraged
and finally overcome by the adverse and para-
mount power of lawless desperadoes.
In 1853 Texas appropriated a portion of her
land to the use of the Indians upon her bor-
ders. In 1864 a location was designated for two
bands of the Comanehes. Farmers and me-
chanics, cattle, implements, and tools, neces-
sary for instructing them in the rudiments of
husbandry, were liberally supplied by the Gov-
ernment, and they were assured that this local-
ity would be their permanent homeforall time.
They entered upon the new mode of life with
cheerfulness. It. succeeded well. In two years
they had fenced and cultivated small farms,
and were in afair way of becoming speedily self-
sustaining. They were becoming attached to
their new life, and hopes were entertained that
they would ultimately become civilized; '1 but,
unfortunately for tho successful consummation
of the experiment, some of those numerous
outlaws on the western borders of Texas hap-
pened to get their eyes upon the improvements,
and, believing it an object to acquire posses-
sion of them, they hired a large force of their
confederates, marched in the night to the res-
ervation, and, without the slightest provocation
or excuse, rrtade a sudden descent upon the
unsuspecting and unarmed Comanehes, and
indiscriminately slaughtered a large number
of men, women, and children. Those that
succeeded in making their escape wandered off
into the plains, with the firm conviction that
the entire white race was treacherous and in-
imical toward them: and as a necessity they
resumed their nomadic life, and commenced a
retaliatory war upon our people." The out-
laws maintained their possession, and the Co-
manehes scourged the border with war; and
at this very session of Congress comes an
appeal from Texas to defend her borders from
the Comanehes. This defense they should have.
One wrong will notrightanother ; but we must
remember that Indians have rights which we
are bound to respect.
The agents of the Osage country, one of the
large northern reservations secured to those
Indians by treaty, report in 1809 that in
defiance of the treaty and of law "over two
thousand white settlers had trespassed upon
the Osage lands, and during the absence of
the tribes on their hunt last summer had occu-
pied their cabins, taken possession of their
corn-fields, cattle, hogs, &c., refusing to move,
and threatening the lives of the Indians if they
troubled them."
One agent on this reservation writes :
"A young, industrious half-breed had built a cabin
and inclosed and cultivated several acres of ground ;
had been there four years. Now the whites have
surrounded him, and one has built within a few
yards of his own house, and threatens his life if he
does not leave his house and allow him to cut timber
for rails," &c.
He writes further:
" I went to see another case last week. The white
man came last spring, found afuli-btood living on
a very desirable piece of ground. He told the In-
dian if he would let him build a cabin by him he
would plow his ground for him and do many other
good things for him. The Indian took him in, and
now he threatens the life of the Indian if he comes
on the plain."
In 1868 a band of the Apache Mohaves were
induced to come to the town of La Paz, under
the pretense of making a treaty. They were
treacherously attacked by one Miller, with a
number of his teamsters, and a dozen or more
of the Indians were killed, and among them
several chiefs. None of the attacking party
were hurt.
On the Osage reservation a number of In-
dians bad cleared land and were cultivating it
successfully. A party of white men went in
the night to one of the most desirable farms,
took the family from their beds, conducted
them to the woods, and threatened their lives
if they returned; then burned the cabin and
reported the land as vacant, and settled upon
it under claim of preemption right.
In Minnesota the Mille Lac band of the
Chippewas are located on a reservation, near
which the .North Pacific railroad runs. Last
year the lumbermen entered upon it, in defi-
ance of the protection guarantied by the treaty
of 1865, and with intimidation and threats took
possession of the country, and cut and took
away large quantities of lumber, without the
least pretense of right, and without any com-
pensation whatever.
Such instances might be cited in infinite
numbers, accompanied with outrages which
shock humanity.
It is not necessary to my purpose to dis-
cuss the question of first aggression, or on
which side lies the preponderance of wrong. I
think it evident that the condition of thiugs as
tiieyare cannot continue without national dis-
honor, and with a probability that if not
brought under more just control they will soon
