264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Revenue Bills—Mr. Garfield.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
whenever and under suet conditions as the
wisdom of Congress, in its just regard to the
rights of both the Indians and the nation, may
dictate. _ (
But, while I entertain these views of the ulti-
mate power of Congress over this question, I do
not doubt that an amicable adjustment can be
made with every tribe whom it is desirable to
remove within the boundaries of Oklahoma.
They are not, as a rule, impracticable, but are
easily persuaded, and have sufficiently clear
judgment of their condition to see that it is
impossible for them to obstruct the progress
of settlement, and that the attempt to do so
will be inevitably and speedily fatal. Let them
understand that the new home is ample in size,
compact, fertile, and healthy, with a climate
salubrious and genial, that they have a terri-
tory to themselves, and guarded by the renewed
assurance of a Government which faithfully
respects their rights and deals with their prop-
erty under the same Constitution and laws, and
the same generous regard to their safety and
rights with which they protect allother citizens,
and you strengthen their confidence in our jus-
tice and our inflexible determination to protect
them in all that will best promote their welfare.
You convert enemies to friends and hasten the
day when the civilized and Christianized tribes
will be fitted for citizenship and welcomed to
our Union of States.
Revenue Bills.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. GARFIELD,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1871,
On tlie report of the committco of conforenco main-
taining thosolo and oxciusivo right of tho House,
of Representatives to originate revenue bills.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
few questions have arisen in this House of
greater importance than the one now pending;
and 1 greatly regret that it did not arise at^ a
time when it might receive a more thoughtful
consideration than is possible at this period of
tho session. I greatly regret also that this dif-
ference between the two Houses should have
arisen on the bill to abolish what remains of the
income tax, for I have no doubt that the best
interests of the people and of the Government
require the repeal of that tax. But infringe-
ments of the constitutional rights and privileges
of the House are more likely to occur in cases
where the public wishes can be used to force a
surrender; and hence the necessity of repealing
the tax should not be considered in connection
with the subject now before the House.
The question at issue involves the history,
the object, and the significance of this clause
of the Constitution:
"AH bills for raising revenue shall originate in
the llouse of Representatives; but tho Senate may
propose, or concur with, amendments, as on other
bills." (Art. 1, sec. 7.)
It would be difficult to find any clause in the
Constitution so rich in its historical associa-
tion and of such vital importance to the genius
and spirit of our Government.
The Senate has forced upon the House the
necessity of pronouncing its judgment on this
question, and of asserting, in clear and unmis-
takable language, a right conferred upon the
House by the Constitution—a right which can-
not be surrendered without inflicting a fatal
wound upon the integrity of our whole system
of Government. The Senate has passed a bill
repealing a portion of a general law for raising
public revenue, and they insist on their right to
do so, for the reason that their bill provides for
reducing, not for increasing revenue. To reach
an intelligent understanding of this clause, we
must go back to the fountain head from which
the provision was drawn. I therefore invite the
attention of the House to the source from
which this feature of our Constitution was
derived, the ancient constitution of Great
Britain.
It appears that from the earliest times until
the reign of Edward III, the Commons alone
levied taxes on their own class, and the House
of Lords alone levied taxes on the peers of
the realm. But some time in the latter half
of the fourteenth century, taxes began to be
levied upon both peers and commoners by
laws which originated solely in the House of
Commons, and to which the House of Lords
had only the power to give or refuse consent.
In an exhaustive and elaborate review of this
subject Hallam says, in his Constitutional His-
tory of England, volume three, page 27:
"In our earliest parliamentary records,the Lords
and Commons, summoned in a great measure for the
sake of relieving the king's necessities, appear to
have made their several grants of supply without
mutual communication, and tho latter m the higher
proportion than tlie former. Theso were not in the
form of laws, nor did they obtain any formal assent
from tho king, to whom they were tendered in writ-
ten indentures, entered afterward on tho roll of
Parliament. The latest instance of such distinct
grants from the two houses, a* far as I can judge
from the rolls, is in the eighteenth year of Edward
III," [A. D. 1315.]
He also says, (ibid., page 29,) speaking of
the Commons:
"They maintained also that the Lords could not
make any amendment whatever in bills sent up to
them for imposing, directly or indirectly, a charge
upon the people. There seems to be no proof that
any difference botween the two houses on this score
had arisen before tho restoration."
In chapter twenty-one of Erskine May's
"Parliamentary Practice," the author dis-
cusses at length the precedents in regard to
originating money bills, and shows that the ten-
dency has been constantly to enlarge the juris-
diction of the Commons and to restrict that of
the Lords. IIo says, page 537 :
"Tho Lords wcro not originally precluded from
amending bills of supply, for tlloro are numerous
cases in the journals in which Lords^amendments to
such bills were agreed to ; but in 16/1 the Commons
advanced their claim soinewhatfurtberby resolving,
nnn. con., ' that in all aids given to the king by the
Commons tho rate or tax ought not to be altered by
tho Lords.'"
This resolution was passed in consequence
of an amendment of the House of Lords re-
ducing the duties on sugar. On the 3d of
July, 1078, the Commons resolved—
"That all aids and supplies and aids to his Majesty
in Parliament are tlio sole gift of tho Commons, and
all bills for the granting of such aids and supplies
ought to begin with the Commons; and that it is the
undoubted and sole right of the Commons to direct,
limit, and appoint in such bills the ends, purposes,
considerations, conditions, limitations, and quali-
fications of such grants, which ought not to be
changed or altered by the llouse of Lords."
The author adds:
"It is upon this latter resolution that all proceed-
ings between the two houses in matters of supply are
now founded; tho principle is acquiesced in by the
Lords, and, except m cases whore it is difficult to
determine whether a matter bo strictly one of supply
or not, no serious difference can aridc."
t >. i- " •!= • •<" * A
"In bills not confided to matters of aid or taxa-
tion. but in which pecuniary burdens are imposed
nnon the people, the Lords may make any amend-
ments, provided they do not alter the intention of
the Commons with regard to the amount of the rate
or charge, whether by increase or reduction."
The author also says:
" The principle of excluding tlie Lords from inter-
ference lias even been pressed so far by the Commons,
that when the Lords have sent messages for reports
and papers relative to taxation, Uie Commons have
evaded sending them: and it nas been doubted
whether members should be allowed to be examined
before a committee of the House of Lords upon mat-
ters involving taxation, although in practice they
have been allowed to attend."—Ibid., page 511.
Within the present century, the Commons
have relaxed the rigidity of these rules in the
case of certain private bills, and other bills
where the revenue feature is only incidental
to the main object. Under this relaxation the
Commons declare that they will accept " any
clauses sent down from the House of Lords
which refer to tolls and charges for services
performed, and which are not in the nature
of a tax."
The present practice, as settled in 1678, is
thus compendiously stated by Leone Levi, the
distinguished financial writer, in his treatise
on Taxation. (London, 1860, p. 242.) After
reciting the resolution of 1678, he says :
" These, and other precedents in parliamentary
practice of a like character, establish the following
facts: first, that all bills for the purposes of taxa-
tion, or containing clauses imposing a tax, must
originate in the House of Commons, and not m the
House of Lords; second, that bills so originated in
the Commons cannot be altered and amended by
tho Lords: and third, although bills for imposing or
repealing taxes must not originate or be amended by
the Lords, they have the power to reject the measure
altogether."
It must be remembered that the Constitution
of the United States was framed at a time when
the only point in contest between the two Houses
of Parliament was whether the Lords could
make any amendment whatever to a money
bill, and that point was definitely settled in our
Constitution in favor of the Senate.
money bills is the constitution of the united
states.
The history of this clause of our Constitution
is both curious and instructive; and in the belief
thatit is not generally understood, I will review
it somewhat in detail, as it appears in the Mad-
ison Papers and other records of the Conven-
tion of 1787.
When the constitutional Convention had been
in session one month, and during the course of
the debate upon those sections ofthe instrument
which fix the character of the two Houses of
Congress, Mr. Gerry, of Massachusetts, moved
"to restrain the senatorial power from origin-
ating money bills." (Elliot's Debates, vol. 5,
p. 188.)
"Mr. Gerry considered this as a part of the plan
that would be much scrutinized. Taxation and rep-
resentation are strongly associated in the minds ot
the people; and they will not agroo that any but
their immediate representatives shall meddle with
their purses. In short, tho acceptance of the plan
will inevitably fail if tbq Senate be not restrained
from originating money bills."—Ibid., page 188.
Other members took the same view ; but
Mr. Madison insisted that as the Convention
hadjust determined that the number of mem-
bers ofthe Senate should be in proportion to
the population of the respective States, the pre-
cedent of the British constitution did not apply,
because the Senate thus constituted represented
the people as directly as the House would do.
On this view of this case, Mr. Gerry's reso-
lution was rejected, January 13, 1787—ayes 3,
noes 7. (Ibid., p. 189. See also Curtis's His-
tory of the Constitution, vol. 2, p. 215.)
On the 80th June the clause relating to the
organization of the two Houses of Congress
was reconsidered, and the Convention found
itself evenly divided on the question whether
each State should have an equal vote in the
Senate, or whether the representation in that
body should be in proportion to population.
It was a contest between the large and the
small States, and for some time the failure of
the whole plan seemed inevitable. At that
crisis Dr. Franklin, whose wisdom was suffi-
cient for all emergencies, proposed a plan of
adjustment. He said:
"The diversity of opinions turns on two points.
If a proportional representation takes place, the
small States contend that their liberties will be in
danger. If an equality of votes is to be put in its
place, the large States say their money will bo in
danger. When a bro.ad table is to be made and the
edges of planks do not fit, the artist takes a little
from both and makes a good joint. In like manner
here, both sides must part with some of their de-
mands in order that they may join in some accom-
modating proposition."—Ibid, page 266.
The debate proceeded for two days, .and
amid great dejection, until the 2d of July,
when it was resolved to refer the question to a
committee of one from each State, the com-
mittee to be elected by ballot. The following
gentlemen, whose names are historic, were
