18Tli]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Revenue Bills—Mr. Oarfidd.
Ho. of Reps.
chosen as the committee: Mr. Gerry, Mr.
Ellsworth, Mr. Yates, Mr. Patterson, Dr.
Franklin, Mr. Bedford, Mr. Martin, Mr.
Mason, Mr. Davy, Mr. Rutledge, and Mr.
Baldwin.
On the 5th of July this committee made the
following report:
"The committee to whom was referred the eighth
resolution of the report from the Committee of the
"SVnole House, and so much of the seventh as has not
been decided on, submit the following report:
"Thit the subsequent propositions be recom-
mended to the Convention on condition that both
shall be generally adopted:
That in the first branch of the Legislature each
of the States now in the Union shall be allowed one
member for every forty thousand of the inhabitants
of the description reported in the seventh resolu-
tion of the Committee of the Whole House; that each
State not containing that number shall be allowed
one member; that all bills for raising or appropri-
ating money, and for fixing; the salaries of the officers
of the Governmentof the United States, shall origin-
ate in the first branch of the Legislature, and shall
not be altered or amended by the second branch;
and that no money shall be drawn from the public
Treasury but in pursuance of appropriations to be
originated in the first branch.
"2. That in the second branch each State shall
have an equal vote."—Ibid., page 274.
The substance of the report was this : the
larger States were to allow the smaller States
equal representation in the Senate on condition
that the small States should allow to the House
(where the large States would have most power)
the exclusive right to originate money bills.
Curtis says this was the first compromise of
the Constitution. (Hist. Const., vol. 2, p. 217.)
It wasadmitted on all hands that this adjust-
ment was a compromise; that the report of the
committee must be taken as a whole.
"Dr. Franklin did not mean to go into a justifica-
tion of the report; but as it had been asked what
would be the use of restraining the second branch
from meddling with money bills, he could not but
remark, that it was always of importance that the
people should know who haddisposed of their money
and how it had been disposed of. It was a maxim,
that those who feel can best judge. This end would,
he thought, be best attained if money affairs were to
be confined to the immediate Representatives of the
people. This was his inducement to conour in the
report. As to the danger or difficulty that might
arise from a negative in the second branch, where
the people would not be proportionally represent-
ed, it might easily be got over by declaring that
there should be no such negative, or if that will not
do, by declaring there shall be no such branch at
all."—Ibid., page 284.
On the 6th of July the clause of the report
relating to revenue bills was retained by a vote
of 5 to 3. (Ibid., p. 285.)
A month later, when several articles of the
Constitution were reported to the Convention
by the Committee on Detail, a motion was
made to strike out the clause relating to money
bills, for it should be said that from the begin-
ning there was considerable opposition to the
provision. Some opposed it on its own merits,
and others opposed it in the hope that should
it be stricken out it would carry out with it the
equal vote of the States in the Senate.
On the motion to strike out—
"Colonel Mason said he was unwilling to travel
over this ground again. To strike out the section
was to unhinge the compromise of which it made a
part. The duration of the Senate made it improper.
He does not object to that duration ; on the contrary,
he approved of it. But joined with the smailness
of tho number it was an argument against adding
this to the other great powers vested m that body.
His idea of an aristocracy was that it was the gov-
eminent of the few over the many. An aristocratic
body, like the screw in mechanics, working its way
by slow degrees and holding fast whatever it gains,
should ever be suspected of an encroaching tend-
ency. The purse-strings should never be put into
its hands."—Ibid., page 394.
No one can read this portion of the Record
of Debates without being impressed with the
fact that the vote with which it concluded was
not an expression of the sense of the Conven-
tion on the merits of the clause itself.
For the reasons already indicated the clause
was stricken out, August 8, by a vote of 7 to 4.
(Ibid., p. 395.)
On the opening of the Convention the next
morning, (August 9,) Mr. Randolph moved,
according to notice, to reconsider article four,
section five, concerning money bills, which had
been struck out:
"Ho argued^ first, that he had not wished for this
privilege while a proportional representation in the
Senate was in contemplation; but since an equality
had been fixed in that House, the la<rge States would
require this compensation at least. Secondly, that it
would make the plan more acceptable to the people,
because they will consider the Senate as the more
aristocratic body, and will expect that the usual
guards against its influence will be provided, accord-
ing to the example of Great Britain. Thirdly, the
privilege will give some advantage to the House of
Representatives, if it extends to the originating only;
but still more, if it restrains the Senate from amend-
ing. Fourthly, he called on the smaller States to con-
cur in the measure, as the condition by which alone
the compromise had entitled them to an equality in
the Senate. He signified that he should propose,
instead of the original section, a clause specifying
that the bills in question should be for the purpose of
revenue, in order to repel the objection against the
extent of the words 'raising money,' which might
happen incidentally; and that the Senate should
not so amend or alt-ei' as to increase or diminish the
sum; in order to obviate the inconveniences urged
against a restriction of the Senate to a simple affirm-
ation or negative."—Ibid., page 395-96.
"Dr. Franklin considered the two clauses—the
originating of money bills, and the equality of
votes in the Senate—as essentially connected by the
compromise which had been agreed to."—Ibid.,
page 393.
"Mr. Mason said that unless the exclusive right of
originating money bills should be restored to the
House of Representatives, he should, not from obsti-
nacy, but duty and conscience, oppose throughout
the equality of representation in the Senate."—Ibid.,
page 397.
In the course of the debate it was suggested
that the clause as proposed would restrain the
Senate from originating any bill, public or
private, which might incidentally affect the
Treasury. To obviate this objection Mr. Ban-
dolph moved to amend the clause by substi-
tuting the following:
"Billsfor raising money for the purpose of reve-
nue, or for appropriating the same, shall originate
in the House of Representatives, and shall not be
so amended or altered by the Senate a3 to increase
or diminish the sum to be raised, or change the
mode of levying it or the object of its appropria-
tion."—Ibid., page 414.
It will be seen that the clause as here pre-
sented would have been even more stringent
against the Senate than the British constitu-
tion now is against the House of Lords.
On the 13th August the clause as amended
was stricken out. (Ibid., p. 420.) This vote
gave great dissatisfaction, and two days later,
(August 1-5,) while another article was under
consideration, Mr. Strong proposed the follow-
ing amendment:
" Each House shall possess the right of originating
all bills, except bill3 for raising money for the pur-
pose of revenue, or for appropriating the same, and
for fixing the salaries of the officers of the Govern-
ment, which shall originate in the House of Repre-
sentatives ; but the Senate may propose or concur
with amendments as in other cases. —Ibid., page 427.
The consideration of this amendment was
postponed until August 31, when, with several
other subjects of compromise, it was referred
to a committee of one from each State.
On the 4th of September the Committee of
Compromise reported a proposition giving to
the Senate the exclusive power to ratify trea-
ties, to try all impeachments, and to confirm
the appointments of officers. As a compen-
sation for these exclusive powers conferred
upon the Senate, the committee reported the
following clause:
"All bills for raising revenue shall originate in
the House of Representatives, and shall be subject
to alterations and amendments by the Senate. —
Ibid., pages 506-310.
On the 8th Si?ptember the section came up
for final action. Gouverneur Morris said—
"That this clause had been agreed to in commit-
tee, on theground of the compromise, andho should
feel himself at liberty to dissent from it if, on the
whole, he should not bo satisfied with certain other
parts to be settled. . . .
" Mr. Sherman was for giving immediate ease to
those who looked upon this clause as ofgrea^ino-
ment, and for trusting to their concurrence in other
proper measures."
Mr. Williamson said:
" There are seven States which do not contain one
third of the people. If the Senate are to appoint,
less than one sixth of the people will have the
power."—Ibid,, page 814.
Before the final vote was taken, the clause
was modified by substituting for the paragraph
relating to amendments by the Senate, these
words, borrowed from the constitution of Mas-
sachusetts:
"But the Senate may propose or concur with
amendments as on other bills."
Thus amended the section was adopted—
ayes 9, noes 2. (Ibid., p. 529.) At the foot
of the page on which this vote is recorded
Mr. Madison appended the following note:
"This was a conciliatory vote, the effect of the
compromise formerly alluded to."
It will he seen from this history of the clause,
that while many members of the Convention
favored it on the general ground of experience,
borrowed from the British precedent, a still
stronger reason for its adoption was its rela-
tion to other portions of the Constitution. It
was the pivot on which turned the first great
compromise of the Coestitution, and the chief
consideration on which the last was settled.
It was at first granted to the House as a com-
pensation for the equal representation of. all
the States in the Senate; and the vote by which
it was stricken out, came near "unhinging the
whole plan." And finally its reinsertion was
the consideration for which the Convention
granted to the Senate exclusively the right to
ratify treaties, the power of impeachment, and
the right to confirm appointments.
I doubt whether any other clause occasioned
more debate, orplayed a more important part
in adjusting the great questions of difference
on which the fate of the Constitution depended.
I now call attention to the language employed
in the British and American constitutions, on
the subject under consideration. The substan-
tive part of the British rule of 1678, on which
all proceedings of the two Houses in matters
of supply are now founded, is in these words:
"All bills for the granting of aids and supplies
ought to begin with the Commons" * * *
* "and ought not to be changed or altered by the
House of Lords."
Compare this with the language of our Con-
stitution, article one, section seven :"
"All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the
House of Representatives; but the Senate may pro-
pose or concur with amendments as on other bills.1
Dismissing from the comparison the last
clause of each, in regard to amendments, on
which the two constitutions take opposite
grounds, we find in the remaining clauses pre-
cisely the same thought, expressed in different
words, thus: "All bills for the granting of
aids and supplies." " All bills forraising rev-
enue." " Aids and supplies" are granted^ to
the British Government, as to ours, by "raising
revenue." Congress, in "raising revenue,"
grants " aids and supplies or, in the language
more frequently adopted in this country, pro-
vides "ways and means" for the support of
the -Government. The laws of language will
not permit a construction of one of these
clauses which will not apply to the other.
But we are not left to the language alone.
Two centuries of undisputed precedents have
fixed the interpretation of the British clause,
and left no room for doubt or cavil. Just two
hundred years ago, the very question now in
debate between the two Houses of Congress,
was elaborately discussed between the Lords
and Commons, and settled as this House now
asks to have it settled. The Lords claimed
that in reducing the duty on sugar from one
penny per pound to three farthings, they did
not "grant supplies," but withheld them. Our
Senate now claims that in repealing a tax on
incomes they are not "raising revenue," but
are reducing it. The Lords were not per-
mitted thus to stick in the bark and to exploit
the meaning out of a constitutional rule j and
since the final adjustment in 1678, they have
