268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Senate.
Reconstruction—1865 to 1871—Mr. Warner.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
of Commons of Great Britain to originate money
bills is so old that the date of its origin is
unknown ; it has always been regarded as one
of the strongest bulwarks of British freedom
against usurpations of the king and of the
House of Lords, and has been guarded with
the most jealous care; that in the many con-
tests which have arisen on this subject between
the Lords and Commons during the last three
hundred years, the Commons have never given
way, but have rather enlarged than diminished
their jurisdiction of this subject; and that since
the year 1678 the Lords have conceded, with
scarcely a struggle, that the Commons had the
exclusive right to originate, not only bills for
raising revenue, but for decreasing it, not only
for imposing, but also for repealing taxes; and
that the same exclusive right extended also to
all general appropriations of money.
Second. The clause of our Constitution
now under debate was borrowed from this
feature of the British constitution, and was
intended to have the same force and effect in
all respects as the corresponding clause of the
British constitution, with this single exception,
that our Senate is permitted to offer amend-
ments, as the House of Lords is not.
Third. In addition to the influence of the
British example, was the further fact that this
clause was placed in our Constitution to coun-
terbalance some special privileges granted to
the Senate. It was the compensating weight
thrown into the scale to make the two branches
of Congress equal in authority and power. It
was first put into the Constitution to compen-
sate the larce States for the advantages given
to the small States in allowing them an equal
representation in the Senate ; and when, sub-
sequently, it was thrown out of the original
draft, it came near unhinging the whole plan.
It was reinserted in the last great compro-
mise of the Constitution, to offset the exclusive
right of the Senate to ratify treaties, confirm
appointments, and try impeachments. The
construction given to it by the members of the
constitutional Convention is the same which
this House now contends for. The same con-
struction was asserted broadly and fully by the
First Congress, manyoftlie members of which
were framers of the Constitution. It has been
asserted again and again, in the various Con-
gresses, from the First till now; and though
the Senate has often attempted to invade this
privilege of the House yet in no instance has'
the House surrendered its right whenever that
right has been openly challenged ; and finally,
whenever a contest has arisen, many leading
Senators have sustained the right of the House
as now contended for.
The whole history of the subject leads to
the inevitable conclusion that this clause of
the Constitution confers absolutely and exclu-
sively upon the House the right to inaugurate
all measures for the imposition, regulation,
increase, diminution, or repeal of taxes. This
is the proper meaning of the clause itself,
and legislative interpretation has confirmed it.
Though the language of the clause does not,
strictly construed, include appropriations, yet
the invariable custom of Congress has con-
strued the exclusive right of the House to
originate money bills as applying to all bills
for the appropriation of public moneys to carry
on the Government.
In the light of this history, it is easy to determ-
ine the merits of the question of difference
now pending between the two Houses. For
the sake of argument, let us suppose that the
Senate may constitutionally do what that body
now claims the right to do, that is to originate
any bill for the reduction or repeal of any exist-
ing taxes. If such a bill be once rightfully in-
' troduced into the Senate for consideration, by
what known law or rule can Senators be pre-
cluded from offeringanygermaneamendment?
What, then, prevents the Senate from so amend-
ing a bill that in its final shape it may provide
for increasing the tax? If it be said that the
amendment would put the bill in a shape where
the Senate would not have a right to pass it,
I answer that an amendment germane to the
subject-matter of the bill, made in accordance
with the rules of the Senate, cannot be uncon-
stitutional. The unconstitutionality mu-st con-
sist in permitting the introduction of a bill
which makes such a result possible under the
rules of the Senate.
Let us trace more closely the steps by which
a bill to impose taxes becomes a law. First,
the House has the exclusive right to originate
it, and the Senate can never act on such a bill
until it has first passed the House. Then, the
Senate is fully empowered by the Constitution
to reject the bill, to amend it, or to pass it
without amendment. In short, a bill thus sent
to the Senate is in the full possession of that
body for all legislative purposes. Now, when
both Houses have thus exercised their consti-
tutional rights, and the bill has become a law,
it is claimed that the Senate may originate any
bill which can be founded on a repeal of any
clause of the law just passed, provided that
clause imposes a tax.
The result of this reasoning would be that,
after the first bill imposing taxes upon the peo-
ple and establishing a general revenue system
had becomc a law, the exclusive right of the
House to originate such bills practically ceased,
and the clause of the Constitution conferring
the right became functus officio; for the Sen-
ate, under the cover of reducing or repealing
the whole or some part of the taxation em-
braced in that first law, might introduce any
bill thereafter covering the whole subject. Even
Senators must admit that before the first rev-
enue law passed under the Constitution, the
Senate could not have originated any revenue
bill whatever. They must therefore hold that
the passage of revenue law conferred upon the
Senate a constitutional right which they did
not before possess.
The construction insisted upon by the Senate,
leads to this inevitable result, and makes the
clause under consideration, a temporary pro-
vision, which, being once fully used, ceases to
be any longer a living part of the Constitution.
Oil the contrary, the House insists that this
clause of the Constitution was intended here,
as in the British constitution, to be a perpet-
ual safeguard of the people. It was intended
to hold forever the power of initiative in the
grasp of the House, which directly represents
the people, and whose members every two
years surrender to the tax-payers of the nation
all their legislative powers, and to exclude
from the right of initiative that body which
is not chosen by the people, but by State Legis-
latures, which pay no national taxes and bear
no national burdens.
The House of Representatives alone has a
Committee of Ways and Means ; the Senate
committee is known by another name—Com-
mittee on Finance. It is here, and here only,
that plans may be inaugurated to provide ways
and means for the support of the Govern-
ment.
Again, if the Senate may throw their whole
weight, political and moral, into the scale in
favor of the repeal or reduction of one class
of taxes, they may thereby compel the House
to originate bills to impose new taxes or in-
crease old ones to make up the deficiency
caused by the repeal begun in the Senate, and
thus accomplish by indirection what the Con-
stitution plainly prohibits. What Mr. Seward
said in 1856 of the encroachment of the Sen-
ate is still more strikingly true to-day.
The tendency of the Senate is constantly to
encroach, not only upon the jurisdiction of
the House, but upon the rights of the Chief
Executive of the nation. The power of con-
firming appointments is rapidly becoming a
means by which the Senate dictates appoint-
ments. The Constitution gives to the Presi-
dent the initiative in appointments, as it gives
to the House the initiative in revenue legis-
lation. Evidences are not wanting that both
these rights are every ye.ar subjected to new
invasions. If, in the past, the Executive has
been compelled to give way to the pressure,
and has in some degree yielded his constitu-
tional rights, it is all the more necessary that
this House stand firm, and yield no jot nor
tittle of that great right intrusted to us for the
protection of the people.
Reconstruction—1865 to 1871.
SPEECH OF HON. W. WARNER,
of alabama,
In the Senate of the United States,
March 3, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the fol-
lowing amendment, proposed by Mr. 'Waenkb, to
the joint resolution (ii. R. No. 521) repealing the
duty on coal:
And that all political disabilities imposed by law
or by the Constitution of the United States upon
citizens of the United States on account of rebellion
are hereby removed-
Mr. WARNER said:
Mr. President : He who would approach
the discussion or treatment of a great ques-
tion of Government, involving the welfare of a
large portion of the people, in a purely partisan
spirit or with any other intent than to state the
truth as he sees it, and to act as his best
judgment and conscience dictate, is unworthy
to be a citizen of a free country, much less to
be an American Senator.
I hold my allegiance to truth and country
far above my obligation to party. I support
nnd act with a great political party because
that party is an instrumentality through which
I can serve my country and humanity. Seven-
teen years ago I aided in organizing the Repub-
lican party, as an agency through which might
be wrought out certain great and noble ends,
foremost among which was the immediate
limitation and ultimate eradication of human
slavery in this country. It became in the hands
of Provide'nce the instrumentality through
which a gigantic rebellion, inaugurated to sus-
tain and perpetuate slavery through a divis-
ion of the country, was crushed, the territorial
integrity of the Republic maintained, and the
equality of rights of men established. And
now, while I may criticise some of its acts, I
am profoundly convinced that its future suc-
cess is absolutely necessary to the safety and
well-being of the country.
true condition of reconstruction.
The main (and I may say almost the only)
objections urged against the plan of recon-
struction adopted by Congress, are: first, that
the colored men were allowed to vote ; and
secondly, that a small class of those engaged
in rebellion should not be eligible as members
of the State conventions to frame new consti-
tutions for the rebel States; and thirdly, that
this same class should not be eligible to any
office except by authority of two thirds of
Congress. The two first-named features were
contained in the act of Congress of March 2,
1867, "for the more efficient government of
the rebel States," which provided as follows:
"Thatwhen the people of any one of said rebel
States shall have formed a constitution of govern-
ment in conformity with the Constitution of the
United States in all respects, framed by a convention
of dolflgatcs elected by the male citizens of said
State, twenty-one years old and upward, of what-
ever race, color, or previous condition, who have
been resident in said_ State for one year previous to
the day of such election, except such as may be dis-
franchised for participation in the rebellion, or for
felony at common law; and when such constitution
shall provide that the elective franchise shall be
enjoyed by all such persons as have the qualifica-
tions herein stated for electors of delegates; an<}
