272
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Senate.
Reconstruction—1865 to 18T1—3Ir. Warner.
41st Cong....3dSess.
from tho South, where it is employed in driving
voters from tho polls and. carrying the elections
against a majority of the legal voters in those States,
and the people will resume their rightful authority."
" Mr. President, I was perfectly well aware that
this practice, although it commenced at the South,
would not end there. The party in power com-
menced using the bayonet to set up the carpet-bag-
gers in the southern States, in the reconstructed
States." * ♦ * * "Now an election is
not valid unless it is superintended by the bayonets
of the regular Army. Our Army moves wherever
there is an eloction. They no longer make war upon
the camps of the enemies of the Government, but
they make war upon the political opponents of the
Administration, and charge upon tho ballot-boxes
and the polls."
And, again, on the 24th of February, the
Senator from Missouri said—I quote from the
Globe of February 28:
" The head of the Army was made President by tho
bayonet. He never would have been made Presi-
dent if the command of the Army had not been taken
from the hands of the then President, where it was
lodged by the Constitution, and placed in the Gen-
eral's hands, in violation of tho Constitution, and
exercised by him through his subordinates through-
out the South. He elected himself by the bayonet
aa much as Louis Napoleon Bonaparte accomplished
the coup d'ital by the bayonet, and he will use it as
relentlessly in New York as ho has done in Missis-
sippi."
Now, Mr. President, these are grave, bold
charges, which, if true, would be a sufficient
ground for the-impeachment and conviction
of President Grant. The Senator charges him
with the gravest crime possible, that of mili-
tary usurpation. I challenge the Senator to
the proof. He has the opportunity. He is
upon a committee where he can summon any
witnesses he chooses. Let him bring the proof
before the country. I cannot prove a negative.
He can prove the affirmative, if his statement
be true ; and I hold him responsible before the
country for the proof of hia charge. I venture
the prediction that he cannot bring reliable
witnesses to swear to a single case of interfer-
ence with a single voter in the South during
General Grant's administration.
Sir, this talk about the fear of troops at the
election is idle and absurd. The American
people are not afraid of the mere sight of
troops. The fact that a few troops were in
New York somewhere during the election had
as little influence in keeping legal voters from
voting as they chose as did the tact that at the
same time there were troops in Alaska and
Paris.
But, sir, a great deal has been said about
the presence of troops in New York and about
the election law which we passed at the last
session, and that there was no need for the
one, and no authority for the other. 1 hold
in my hand a paper published in New York,
the Evening Free Press; and as it flies, as I
have said before, the name of my friend, the
able and distinguished Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thubman,] for President, I presume it
is good Democratic authority. I find in this
paper this editorial in regard to elections in
New York, under date of February 20, 1871:
"It xnay be, as some over-zealous sticklers for the-
oretical freedom say, anti-democratic to advocate
the armed supervision of elections in this city, but
we doubt it. Wo cannot conceivo of anything in
practice more anti-f<emocratic than the corruption
of the ballot-box. If the purity of elections cannot
be preserved by easy methods, let it be maintained
and secured by the most stringent measures. If
bayonets will not suffice to prevent tho will of the
people from being defeated by thieves, ruffians, per-
jurers, and place-seekers, we say plant batteries at
the polls and use them. No honest citizen cares a
rush about meeting soldiers at his voting-place if
they arc discovered to be necessary to the preven-
tion of his vote being either thrown aside or fraud-
ulently counted in favor of tho candidate against
whom ho cast it. Everygood citizen, whatevormay
be his party, will rejoice at the adoption of any
method by which the frauds which have become a
system in our elections here can be stopped.
" For several years these frauds have become so
gigantic, so overpowering, and so thoroughly well
understoodand comprehended, thatdecent men have
refrained from voting, knowing that they would ex-
pend the time and trouble needful in so domg lor
nothing and to no purpose. What bribery, repeat-
ing, ruffianly violence, false registry, and whisky
were unable to wholly accomplish, wholesale swind-
ling in canvassing has completed, and thus both the
cjty and the State have been given over into the
possession of the four unprincipled rascals who are
now known the world over as the New York 'ring.'
These men have organized their corrupting machin-
ery so skillfully that nothing short of Federal inter-
ference with it, and that by force of arms, can defeat
its infamous purposes." •« .*** 
"We must have either a Federal election law. or
before a great while we shall be compelled to right
our wrongs, or at least put an end to them, byre-
course to a law which would be still more ' oppress-
ive,' 'infamous,' and 'unconstitutional,' namely,
the law administered by Judge Lynch. The question
embraced in the Federal election law which dis-
turbs the ring was debated when the adoption of
tho Constitution was under consideration."
This is good Democratic authority in favor
of the necessity of troops in New York at elec-
tion time and on the question of the constitu-
tional authority of Congress to pass election
laws. I commend to the attention of our Dem-
ocratic friends the following extract from No.
59 of the Federalist, written by Alexander
Hamilton :
"The natural order of tho subject leads us to
consider in this place that provision of the Consti-
tution which authorizes the national Legislature to
regulate, in" the last resort, tho election of its own
members. It is in these words: ' The times, places,
and manner of holding elections in each State shall
bo prescribed by the Legislature thereof; but the
Congress may at any time by law make or alter such
regulations, oxcoptas to tho places of choosing Sen-
ators.' This provision has not only been declaimed
against by thoso who condemn the Constitution in
the gross, but it has been censured by those who
have objected with less latitude and greater moder-
ation." * "I am greatly mistaken,
notwithstanding, if there bo any other article in tho
wliolo plan more completely defensible than this.
Its propriety rests upon tho evidence of this plain
proposition: that every Government ought to con-
tain in itself the means of its own preservation.
Every just reason will at first sight approve an ad-
herence to this rule in tho work of the Convention,
and will disapprove every deviation from it which
may not appoar to havo boon dictated by tho neces-
sity of incorporating into tho work some particular
ingredient with which a rigid conformity to t,ho rule
was incompatible." * ^ "It will
not be alleged that an election law could havo been
framed a.nd inserted in the Constitution which would
havo been applicable to every probablo change in
the situation *of tho country; and it will, theroforc,
not be denied that a discretionary power over elec-
tions ought to exist somewhere.
" it will, I presume, bo as readily conceded that
there were only three ways in which this power eould
havo been reasonably organized; thatit must either
havo been lodged wholly in the national Legislature,
or- wholly in the State Legislatures, or primarily in
the !a,ttor and ultimately in the former. The last
modo has, with reason, been preferred by the Con-
vention. They have submitted the regulations of
elections for tho Fedoral Government, in the first
instance, to the local administrations, which, in
ordinary cases and when no improper views prevail,
may be both more convenient and more satisfactory;
but they have reserved to the national authority a
right to interfere whenever extraordinary circum-
stances might render that interposition necessary to
its safety. Nothing can be more evident than that
an exclusive power of regulating elections for the
national Government in the hands of the State
Legislature would leave the existence of tho Union
entirely at their mercy." * * "• "If we
are in a humor to presume tho abuses of power, it
is as fair to presume them on tho part of the State
government as on the part of the General Govern-
ment. And. as it is rnoi-o consonant to tho rales of
a just theory, to intrust tho Union with the earo of
its own existence than to transfer that care to any
other hands, if abuse? of power aro to bo hazarded
on the ono side or on the other, it is more rational to
hazard them where the power would naturally be
placed than where it would unnaturally be placed."
Now, Mr. President, Congress has only gone
so far as to provide by law certain remedies
for frauds at the polls, which the majority of
Congress thought perfectly proper and consti-
tutional, and yet a great outcry is raised about
it; yet this Democratic paper says, if neither
the civil law nor bayonets and batteries will
answer to protect the honest voters against the
frauds and corruptions in that city, then resort
must be had to lynch law J;o protect the free-
dom of the ballot. I think our Democratic
friends must have forgotten the fact that Mr.
Buchanan not only called out but used troops
at an election here in the city of Washington.
Mr. BOREMAN. Will the Senator give us
the date of that paper from which he has
quoted ?
Mr. WARNER. New York, February 20,
1871. . _ '
Mr. President, I was surprised at the argu-
ment of my friend, the distinguished Senator
from Missouri, in regard to the fifteenth amend-
ment. He declared that the fifteenth amend-
ment had been proposed by a usurping frag-
ment of a Congress; that it had been carried
in the northern States against the will of the
people and by fraud, and had been forced
upon the southern States, and yet, that not-
withstanding all these alleged facts, it is bind-
ing and valid to all intents and purposes. I do
not see the connection between the premises
and the conclusion.
The Senator, on the 15th of February last,
said:
"What is this whole system of reconstruction, as
it is called, this exclusion of States'from their inher-
ent and guarantied rights? Taxation without rep-
resentation, their fundamental laws set aside, the
popular will suppressed, the right of suffrage taken
from the States by a usurping fragment of Congress,
the Fedoral Constitution itself changed in its char-
acter by the same usurping fragment and in defiance
of the known and expressed will of the people. The
Government is literally, practically subverted."
And yet he admits the validity of the fif-
teenth amendment, proposed by this usurping
fragment of a Congress and adopted through
fraud and force. I quote from the Globe of
February 18 what the Senator said on this point
on the 15th of February:
"Mr. Morton. The Senator will allow mo to say
that his answeris not explicit. His argument is that
certain States improperly ratified it; but the ques-
tion was whether he regards the adoption oi the
amendment as complete and the amendment as
being now a part of the law of the land?
"Mr. Blmr. I shall endeavor to be sufficiently
explicit. I do regard it as complete. I do regard it
as a part of the law of tho laud."
If I believed that the Congress that proposed
the fifteenth amendment was but a " usurping
fragment" of a Congress, I certainly could not
hold that the fifteenth amendment is legal and
binding upon the people of the United States.
I am glad, to save agitation, and that so wise
a measure may rest in peace and safety, that
the Senator has come to the conclusion t.o
maintain the validity of this amendment; and
I hope he will adhere to it.
But, sir, what would be theresult ofthe Sen-
ator's position that Congress was a "usurping
fragment'' of a legal body from 1861 to 1870?
Why, sir, then at the very time that the Sen-
ator himself held a seat in the other House at
the beginning of the war, it was a fragment of
a Congress and he was part of it. The south-
ern Senators and Representatives had con-
temptuously left their seats in Congress, not
even deigning to resign, and had gone home
to make war; but the Senator himself remained
in the other branch of Congress, wisely and
patriotically, as I remember, doing his duty
there as a Representative of his State, as a
part of that usurping fragment of a Congress,
and, took an active part in enacting the laws
under which we made war and under which
hundreds of thousands of brave men were sent
to their graves and thousands of millions of
treasure drawn from the people of this country
and expended in the prosecution of that war.
Sir, if the Congress of which he was a part
was a usurping fragment of a Congress, it was
without authority to prosecute war, and he and
I were guilty of murder in killing men of the
South engaged in the rebellion, under the pre-
tended authority of the action of that Congress.
I see no escape from the conclusion, if his doc-
trine be correct, that his commissions which
the Senator held in the Union Army were
"null and void," that his troops were but a
mob, and that he was but a marauder and
plunderer when at Cberaw, South Carolina,
lie "dispensed hospitality in a manner to put
to shame the most hospitable South Caro-
linian."
But, Mr. President, what is a further conse-
quence? If by the desertion of the rebel Sen-
