1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Reconstruction—1865 to 1871—Mr. Warner.
Senate.
ators and Representatives from these Halls
Congress ceased to be a legal law-making body
of this country under the Constitution, and
became a usurping, fragmentary body, then
the rebels had it in their power, simply by leav-
ing their seats, to destroy the legislative power
of the country and to break down the Govern-
ment. According to that theory, Congress was
destroyed when Davis, Toombs, and their asso-
ciates in rebellion left their places in Congress
to engage iu rebellion; the legislative power
of the country was at an end ; Congress was
destroyed; there was no power even to make
laws to put down the rebellion, to raise sol-
diers, or to levy taxes to pay them. That prin-
ciple, if carried out, would put it in the power
of a minority at any time, by leaving their seats
in Congress, to break up the Government.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from.Mis-
souri denies all power in Congress to punish
for rebellion, even to the extent of imposing
disabilities from holding office, and asserts
thafr there can be no legal punishment for re-
bellion except through- the conviction of a
court. The Senator said:
" This legislative trial, conviction, and punish-
ment is known to every lawyer to be a bill of attain-
der prohibited by the Constitution of the United
States."
If that be true, then Davis might have come
back to his seat in the Senate at any time, be-
cause expulsion for treason would have been
a punishment which, under the Senator's
theory, Congress could not inflict. Not only
Davis, but all the rest of those who left here
to engage in the rebellion, could at any time
have returned and claimed their seats, and
there would have been no power in Congress
to prevent. Furthermore, they might even
now leturn and claim their pay; and the offi-
cers of the Army who deserted the flag to join
the rebel armies might return and claim their
pay, and perhaps eveu their places in the
Army, for not one of them has been judicially
convicted of treason against the Government.
These are the legitimate consequences of the
denial to Congress of any power to impose
any punishment or disability for rebellion;
and the Senator considers even the imposition
of test-oaths as a punishment for rebellion.
But, Mr. President, the Senator seems to
have held a very different opinion on the 11th
of July, 1865, when he issued to the officers
and soldiers of the seventeenth corps his
famous order, from which I extract as follows:
"The Romans made' their conquering soldiers
freeholders in the lands they had conquered; and
as upon your return to your homes you will find
most of your occupations and employments filled by
adepts from civil life, and as the Government has
vast tracts of vacant lands which will be increased
by the war, the interests of the country and your
own will concur in the apportionmentof these lands
to your use and occupancy, establishing a citizen
soldiery to maintain internal peace and set foreign
foes at defiance."
Speaking of the defeat of Napoleon's schemes
in Mexico, he further said in the same order:
" If that object can be obtained bv pacific means,
then soldiery is at an end and your sole busines
hereafter will be to develop, enrich, and improve
our great country. To that end our soldiers should
be provided with homesteads, and in no part of the
country would they faro better or would they be
more useful than in the South, which they have
redeemed."
Now here is a plain proposition for the con-
fiscation of the lands of rebels, and a direct
recommendation to his officers and soldiers to
carpet bag down South to the land which they
have redeemed. But now, while the Senator
utters no word against the Ku Khix mobs in
the South, which liang men for their political
opinions, he can find no language strong
enough to denounce Congress for keeping a
few men out of office for rebellion. What
great light has the Senator seen sinee July,
1805, that has so changed his mind and his
heart ?
41st Cong. 3d Sess.-—No. 18.
But I desire to notice another eharge which
we hear a great deal about. The favorite name
applied to our southern governments by our
Democratic friends is that of " carpet-bag gov-
ernments," and the northern men, mostly sol-
diers who went to the South after the war, are
called " carpet-baggers." I know that before
the war the South was a pretty hot place for a
northern man with northern ideas, but sup-
posed that one of the results of the war was the
vindication of the right of any citizen of this
country to go into any part of the country and
become a citizen and have equal political rights
with other citizens there, including freedom of
speech and political action.
I did not anticipate that I should find the
Senator from Missouri applying to us what is
understood to be an odious appellation, that
of "carpet-bagger." I am the more surprised
because I think he has been something of a
carpet-bagger himself. If my memory serves
me right, he went to Louisiana about the same
time and for the same purpose that I went to
Alabama, to raise cotton, and I think had
about the same luck; and I am astonished that
he should be so ready to believe all the rumors
that are circulated about carpet-baggers.
I know very well that when the Senator
talks in any disparaging way about carpet-
baggers he does not intend to apply it to me
personally, for I know how kindly his feelings
toward me are ; but I am surprised that he
should seek the disparagement of these men,
who were mostly soldiers, and some of whom
followed his lead in the war against the rebel-
lion, on mere rumor, for he has been the
victim of rumor himself, and I should have
thought that having felt the injustice thereby
done him he would not be so ready to heed
it as to others.
I remember a story which was current
through the South, and was published gener-
ally in the papers, about the Senator from
Missouri, and which was doubtless as ground-
less as most of the stories that he hears about
his comrades. The story is, that at a political
meeting in the neighborhood where the Sen-
ator had his plantation, his Democratic friends
got a colored man to preside, as is their habit,
in hopes to get the colored vote for Seymour
and Blair. After the white men had got through
with their speeches, which were largely made
up of abuse of carpet-baggers, who, it was
alleged, had gpne down there to spy out and
plunder the land, the colored president of the
meeting was called upon for a speech. He
said, in response, that he indorsed all that had
been said about these carpet-baggers; that
he himself had been in the employ of a carpet-
bagger, and had worked for him all summer,
and the carpet-bagger had gone off without
paying him; and, said he, " I think you must all
lsnow him; I have heard his name called many
times to-day: they call him Prank Blair."
[Laughter.]
"Carpet-baggers" are northern men living
at the South, and are like men everywhere;
there are some good and some bad among
them ; but, let me tell the Senator, there are
as many good men among them as you will
find among any equal number of men else-
where. We have in my State some of the
Senator's own officers and soldiers, who are
all the supporters of reconstruction, and who
are in patriotism and moral worth, if not in
position and ability, the peers of the Senator.
His gallant and skillful adjutant general, whom
he will well remember, is one of them, and I
do not think he, when he remembers his services
to his country, his fidelity in her hour of trial,
his purity of private character, would expect
his old commander, by any indirection even,
to cast any aspersion upon him because he had
seen fit to go to Alabama after the war and
honestly cast his lot among that people and
voted as his judgment and conscience bade
him. The Senator's commissary is another of
these " carpet-baggers." Now let me say to the
Senator that these "carpet-baggers," mostly
soldiers, who are the equals in bravery and
fidelity to their country if not in ability to the
Senator himself, are nearly all, I may say,
almost without exception, found upon my side
of reconstruction and not upon hig. It is a
curious fact, if this policy of reconstruction be
such au abomination, such an outrage upon the
people, and so contrary to the spirit in which
we conducted the war, that nearly all the sol-
diers of the country should be found sustain-
ing it.
I am surprised that the Senator from Mis-
souri should revive his null and void doctrines
about reconstruction. In the last presidential
election he called the yeas and nays of the
American people on that question, and they
voted by a majority of three hundred thousand
that reconstruction was not "null and void,"
but should stand.
Now, Mr. President, I will speak of the
Alabama election, and the gubernatorial con-
test there, which the Senator inquires of me
about. The Senator from Delaware £Mr. Bay-
ard] said the other day in debate, and I then
sought the opportunity to correct him, but he
declined to yield to me—I quote from the
Globe of February 18—
"There was an election held in Alabama, as in
other States, last fall. A Legislature, a Governor, a
State treasurer, and other officers were elected. The
Governor, not content with the result of that elec-
tion as evidenced by the counting of the votes, first
took the usual remedy indicated by congressional ex-
ample and attempted by force to keep possession of
the archives of tbe State and the papers of his office.
Failing in that he resorted to the legal tribunals of
his State."
Mr. President, to use the mildest term, the
statement of the Senator from Delaware is en-
tirely incorrect. The facts are these, and I
avail myself of a very clear statement made in
a speech by one of my colleagues [Mr. Bctck]
in the House :
"You have seen it stated by the press that (Gov-
ernor Smith sought to retain possession of the office
for which, as a candidate, he had been defeated by
the use of Federal troops, negroes, militia, &c. All
such reports are tfithoutioundation, and were know-
in-gly and falsely circulated to mislead the public
mind for political effectand to direct attention from
the real wrongs and outrages of the Ku Klux Dem-
ocracy.
"I have already shown that Governor Smith re-
ceived more votes than Mr. Lindsey. I will now
show you how he attempted to obtain a fair count
of the vote by which he was unquestionably reelect-
ed. He employed three of the ablest lawyers in the
State, namely, ex-Governor Parsons, Hon. Alexan-
der White, and Samuel ]?. Rice, late chief justice
of the supreme court of the State, to examine the
question and advise the course proper to be taken.
The constitution of the State declares that—
" ' Contested elections for executive officers shall be
determined by both Houses of the treneral Assembly
in such manner as shall be prescribed by law.'
"This has been the language of the constitution
since 1819, yet by some oversight the Legislature has
never 4 prescribed the manner' in which it should be
done. There was but oneof two alternatives for the
Governor in this state of the case. He must give up
the office to which he had been legally reelected and
the cause of education and internal improvements,
both of which are peculiarly Republican principles
in our State, or he must resort to the courts of the
land for relief.
"After a very careful examination of the legal
questions involved it was determined to file a bill
in the chancery court for Montgomery county, fully
stating ail the foregoing facts and many others which
cannot be now mentioned, showing that he was not
only entitled to the office by amojority of more than
one thousand votes, if the votes actually given were
counted, but that by means of force, fraud, and vio-
lence the Republican party had been deprived of
many thousand votes which their candidates other-
wise would have received.
"The bill was filed accordingly. It contained a
praverfor an injunction restraining the presiding
officer of the Senate. (Hon. R. N. Barr.) whose duty
it was to ' open and publish' the vote for Governor
during the first week of the session, iu the presence
ofamajority of tbe members of the General Assem-
bly. from performing that duty until the General
Assembly, then in session, could 'prescribe the man-
ner' for making the contest as provided in the con-
stitution; and in case the General Assembly should
