274
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Senate.
Beconstruction-—1865 to —Mr. Warner.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
refuse to 'prescribe the manner,' then that the court
of chancery should take jurisdiction uf the case. In
the absence of the chancellor the bill was presented
to Hon. Benjamin F. Saffold, one of the judges of
the supreme court of the State, who granted the
injunction, which was duly issued and served on
tho. presiding officer of the senate.
44 On the day required by law that officer, in the
presence of the^wo houses of the General Assembly,
in joint convention in the hall of the house of repre-
sentatives, proceeded to open and publish the vote
for other executive State officers; butas ho had been
enjoined from opening and publishing the vote for
Governor, (and also for the office of treasurer, on a
bill filed by that officer,) be read to the convention a
copy of the injunction in each ease which had been
nerved on him; and in obedience to them announced
to the convention that he should not open and pub-
lish the vote for each of those offices; and he did not.
Alter this was done the Senate retired imraediatoly to
the senate chamber in a body, and then adjourned
until the following Monday morning (this being Sat-
urday) at the usual hour; andthe journal ot the sen-
ate will show theso facts. Thespeaker of the Iiouse
then assumed to be the presiding officer of a joint
convention of the two-houses, not a senator being
present. In a few minutes the Lieutenant Governor-
elect, having taken the oath of office before a circuit
judge who was present for the purpose, but after the
senate had adjourned and not in tho presence of that
body, collectively or individually, except one or two,
oame into the hall of the house and assumed to be
the presiding officer of the senate, and therelore the
presiding officer of that convention, upon which a
largo majority of tho Republican members of the
house retired, A secretary was appointed, and the
returns ot tho election for Governor and treasurer
wero sent for, they having been returned uncounted
to the secretary of State for safe-keeping by Hon.
Mr. Barr. These returns were produced, and the
aforesaid Lieutenant Governor-elect, claiming to
be the presiding officer of the senate, proceeded to
open and publish tho vote for these two officers in
tho presence ol the house of representatives only—
two senators only having returned to the hall after
the adjournment of the senate-—and then and there
declared Mr. Lindsey duly elected by n majority of
fourteen hundred and twenty-nine votes.
" This high-handed proceeding, of which I was an
eye-witness, was in violation of the constitution and
laws of Alabama in several particulars:
"1. It was a violation of the law and fact for tho
speaker to assume to presideover a jointeonvention
of the two houses when only one house was present.
"2. The constitution requires the vote foi Governor
be opened and published by the presiding officer of
the senate, in the presence of a majority ot the mem-
bers of tho Gotieral Assembly. The senate was not
present.
"3. Tho law of the State requires the Governor to
take the oath of office in the presence of both bouses.
Tho oath was administered in tho presence of tho
house alone.
*M. The Lieutenant Governor-eloet was not sworn
into office m the presence of the senate, over which
he was to preside; and unless that body caused him
to take the oath of office at some subsequent period
when it was in session, and caused that fact to be
entered on its journal, there is no legal evideneo
that ho ever took the oath ot' office at ail.
"5. At tho time tho Lieutenant Governor-oleot
returned to tho house and assumed to presideover
a convention of tho two houses, when only one was
present, us the Lieutenant Governor of Alabama, and
therefore the presiding officer of the senate, the jour-
nal ot the senate shows that body had adjourned
and that lion. Mr. Barr waa tho presiding officer;
and tho house of representatives had no power to
decide that another person was the presiding officer
of the senate.
"0. Tho house of representatives, in order to sus-
tain this proceeding, nave caused their journal to
show, as I am informed, that the Senate waspresent
when the vote for Mr. Lindsey was opened and pub-
lished. in the manner already stated, and when ho
took the oath of office as Governor.
"7. The whole piooeednig, so iar as opening and
publishing the vote lor Governor and treasurer was
concerned, was in violation aud in contempt of the
injunction which had been granted by one of the
supremo judges, and duly served, and. I may add,
obeyed, &o tar as the Republican party was con-
cerned.
4" While theso unlawful andrevolutionary proceed-
ings were in progress the eapitol and the streets of
the citv were thronged with armed and excited men.
Threats were made on the street, and communicated
to Governor Smith, that he would be kicked out of
tho executive chamber and assassinated, lie believed
that he was legally elected: he had appealed to the
courts to assert his right to the office, as every citizen
of the State may do when reelected to an office which
ho already holds, and he was unwilling to abandon
the office and the assertion of his right to it by legal
and peaceable ineaus. Neither was he willing to be
assaulted and thrust out, and perhaps killed. To
prevent this United States soldiers were called to
the eapitol, but not to hold the office by force, as has
been charged, but for the sole purpose of repelling
force if an attack should be made. Tho Governor
had already appealed to the law, and he never did
resort to anything else, for the purpose of asserting
his right to the office. He only called on tho sheriff
of Montgomery county, who was present, to protect
him and the State eapitol by means of the United
States soldiers, as a portion of his posse, from a scene
of riot and bloodshed, which he had great reason to
think imminent. That, the presenec of the sheriff
and the soldiers at the eapitol that evening prevented
a riot, the consequences of which no one could fore-
tell, is at least probable.
"Before the proceedings in the house of repre-
sentatives terminated which I have described night
came on, and when the house adjourned the mem-
bers and the crowd left the State-house. A few
minutes later Colonel Drum, with four soldiers, re-
ported to the sheriff of Montgomery county, who
was at the door of the executive rooms in the eapitol.
In less than fifteen minutes from that time a messen-
ger informed Governor Smith that Colonel J. J. Jolly
was at the door, and would like an interview, to
which the Governor replied he would receive any
communication he had to make in writing. He sent
a communication in writing from Mr. Lindsey, stat-
ing that he had duly qualified and was ready to enter
upon the duties of his office, and that ho had author-
ized Colonel Jolly to demand for him and in his
name take possession of the executive rooms and
tho books and papers of the office. The Governor at
once penned a reply and sent it out; but Jolly had
@!0I16 " ^ ^
" Governor Smith still refused to surrender tho
office to Mr. Lindsey, the senate recognizing Smith,
and the house Lindsey, as Governor; and this condi-
tion of affairs continued five or six days. Meanwhile,
the .Democratic press teemed with the most violent
abuso of Governor Smith aud his counsel, as also the
judge who had granted tho injunction and tho pre-
siding officer of the senate who had obeyed it. They
wero denounced as plotters against the peace of tho
State, and threats against the life of the Governor
were continued." * ***** *
" It may bo asked, then, how does the matter stand,
and why did Governor Smith withdraw? I have
already shown that his friends had great reason to
fear that bloodshed would be the result of a con-
tinuance of the contest, because of the violent spirit
which many of the Democratic leaders manifested.
When Governor Smith gave up the contest he pub-
lished an address to tho people, from which I make
the following extraot. He said :
" 'I have never been willing even to endanger your
peace and prosperity in an effort to get or keep office
for myself. It is upon this ground that I now sur-
render tho books, papers, apartments, and parapher-
nalia of tho office of Governor to Hon. K. B. Lindsey.
With undiminished confidence in the correctness of
my claim to that office, upon grounds already known
to the public, 1 am convinced that persistence on
my part in that claim will result ill serious evils to
you, in oxcitcment, in tumult, and perhaps an ap-
proach to anarchy. I deliberately abandon that
claim.'
" Language more significant than this could not be
employed. "When the paper was prepared from which
the above was taken it is evident Governor Smith
oxpected to bo put out of office, if he did not with-
draw, by force and violence."
The injunction of Judge Saffold has never
been dissolved, and Governor Lindsey and
Treasurer Grant entered upon the discharge of
the duties of their offices 111 flagrant violation
of it. Thus it is seen that Governor Smith
adhered strictly to the law, while the Democrats
openly violated and defied it.
Mr. President, tho investigation soon to
take place will show that had the will of the
legal voters not been denied expression by
intimidation, fraud, and violence the .Repub-
lican State ticket would have been elected by
ten thousand majority. I have seen it charged
in anonymous communications in newspapers
that the responsibility of the Republican defeat
rested upon the President, Governor Smith,
and myse'lf; upon the President for removing
the friends of Senator Spencer from office,
upon Governor Smith as a weak candidate,
and upon me for supporting Governor Smith's
nomination. The facts are, that President
Grant has not removed a single officer in Ala-
bama since he turned out, with the approval of
Senator Spencer, the appointees of Andrew
Johnson.
As to the wisdom of Governor Smith's re-
noinination, the facts are as follows: he was
nominated by acclamation in a State conven-
tion in which every county in the State was
represented and of which Senator Spbncek was
a member, and despite his most bitter and
abusive opposition. Ho ran ahead of every
man 011 the State ticket, and ahead of each
Republican candidate for Congress in each
district, and in Senator Spencer's own county,
notwithstanding Senator SPEXCEr. and his par-
ticular friends did not vote for .him ; and ref-
erence is made to the appointment of my
brother-in-law, W. B. Woods, as United States
circuit judge. N ow, Senator Spencer's written
recommendation of Judge Woods for the posi-
tion is now.on file in the office of the Attorney
General, and his appointment has given uni-
versal satisfaction to all honest men of all
parties in his circuit. He is confessedly an
able and honest judge and a sound Repub-
lican, though he be my brother-in-law.
The result of the election in Alabama is due
mainly to Democratic violence and intimida-
tion, but supplemented by the just unpopular-
ity of our candidates for attorney general and
superintendent of education and the opposi-
tion of Senator Spencer and his particular
friends. This much I have deemed it due to
truth, to the President, to Governor Smith,
and myself to say. The fact is that the Ke-
publican party of Alabama was crucified in
the late election between Republican "thieves
and fools" and Democratic Ku Klux. "But
when the Democratic -party shall have purified
the government of the city and State of New
York it will be time enough for them to cast
stones at Republican thieves in Alabama.
Mr. President, I desire to speak of the pres-
ent condition of things in the South. There
are many things that I deeply deplore. There
is a spirit of intolerance and bitterness and
persecution that I lament, and which I have
done my best to assuage. If the honorable
Senator from Missouri and his party associates
had been as kindly in all their declarations as I
have been ; if they had sought as earnestly as I
have to make peace, and had refrained as dili-
gently as I have from using harsh words, I
think we might have had a happier condition
of things in the South than we now have.
There is a spirit of intolerance and bitterness
toward, not only Republicans of doubtful char-
acter, but toward all Republicans, which is
exceedingly deplorable and reprehensible, and
from which come the outrages upon person
and property which the Senate committee are
now investigating, and which are a disgrace
and a shame, not only to the Democratic party,
but to the country. I shall not trespass upon
that ground, because I doubt not the report of
the committee will bring the facts before the
Senate and the country in a much better and
more authoritative form than I can.
I shall content myself with quoting a little
Democratic testimony on this point, and I
hope that in so doing I shall not be accused
by Democratic Senators of abusing the people
whom I represent. I introduce it here to show
the spirit and aim of the southern Democracy
as well as the existence of an organization
which tramples under foot all law and all rights,
and commits the most horrible crimes—facts
which demand the instant attention of the
General Government and a summary remedy.
The Mobile Tribune of August 10, 1869,
contained an editorial article, from which I
extract the following:
" And such villains want peace, and declared that
if they get not peace they will have ' action.' If wo
wriggle while they draw our eye-teeth they will pin
us down with tho bayonet. Unfortunately for them
it takes two to make that arrangement. If the war
invoked in the above extract does coinc, and tho
scoundiels who now demand it have delibeiately
planted its seeds, not one of them will live to see its
conclusion. We in such an event may be iinally-
crushed under the strong arm of the dictatorial
power at Washington, but not before we shall havo
sent the villains who brought the calamity upon us
to a realm where they will findno time to exult over
such a consummation. Let them remember that."
The following is from the same paper of
August 9, 1809:
" Had these men been dealt with as were Dostio
and his comrades in New Orleans, we would now
have the assurance of peace in the community for
some time to come."
The Montgomery Mail of November 17,1870,
