1871.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
41st Costg....3d Sess.
Reconstruction—1865 to 1871—Mr. Warner.
Senate.
said, in speaking of Governor Smith's course
in contesting the election :
"Are we to have revolution? When the storm
which the tyrants and usurpers have raised gathers
from the four corners of Alabama and bursts in its
fury, let it not fall upon tho head of the innocent
dupes! Let it fall upon the heads of those who have
invited and defied it I
The Montgomery Advertiser lately contained
the following editorial remarks; and let it be
remembered that the Advertiser is one of the
most conservative Democratic papers in the
South, and is edited by a gentleman of high
character and fine culture, Mr. Robert Tyler:
" Of course lawlessness and crime will be rampant
so long as the Radical party exists, and this, not only
in theSouth, butthroughoutthe wholecountry. The
Iladieai party is itself, in its spiritand purposes, the
imbodimentof lawlessness and crime, and we are not
sure the time has not come when some of the Radical
leaders, by way of example, should be made to expa-
tiate their crimes in the face of the whole country
hy souie punishment appropriate to their offenses."
The same paper recently contained the fol-
lowing:
"The fundingschemeof the last session has failed,
bur not for the reasons the Secretary supposes. It
bus Jailed because there has been a secret disposition
on the part of the masses of the people to repudiate
the whole of the civil war debt. And although we
do not propose to agitate this question, still it is our
opinion that this enormous, and in a great measure
dishonest debt, under which the nation is groaning,
is and wiii be, as long as it stands, a monument of
yhauieto call the attention of the world to a great
^caudal m the history of the United States; and we
knowof no species of property that deserves in this
country less respect than these perfidious and blood-
stained bonds. Besides, have not the people seen
three billions of property in tbe southern States con-
fiscated for the honor, peace, and prosperity of tho
nation, and hundreds of millions taken without one
cent of compensation in four * loyal' States with the
sanje beneficent intent! Why, then, should not an
odious ar.d oppressive debt owed by a comparatively
small class of individuals bedisposed of in thesame
manner a*id on the same high principal?"
X * if. fc & -X jf.
"In truth a large proportion of the body of tbe
northern and western voters have already discovered,
or arc beginning to discover, two things to thereverse
of what they were taught to believe for many years,
and this much to their amazement, namely:
First, that the recentcivil war in itself, in tbe edu-
cational ideas leading to it, and in its consequences,
was both a blunder and a crime; and that history
must inevitably so write it down, struggle as they
may to avert the moral and political consequences
oi the terrible and infamous scandal.
"Second, that the leaders of tho Republican or
Radical party itself, but little better in temper and
principle than a mob, were and are a set of mere
politicians, and the most selfish and corrupt gang
of taught and untaught knaves by whom a bad cause
wis ever served, or any country led into a vortex of
dire misfortunes or to the brink of an awful gulf of
ruin troni which only the most skillful efforts can now
save it.
"Ot course society seldom or never confesses its
errors, and never its crimes. It would be expecting
too much of poor human nature to hope that the
chosen leaders of the Radical mob that terrorized
the North and West in 1860, or any considerable
portion of the dupes composing tliatmob, wiii make
an open and literal confession before the world either
of folly or criminality; but it is nevertheless evident
to our perception that the masses of the people begin
to see how they were irritated, deceived, inflamed,
and finally ensnared by those vile influences which
precipitated the most wanton and unnecessary civil
war that ever saturated the soil of a country with
the common blood of its children."
Tbe same paper, in its issue of 23d Febru-
ary, in speaking of the late war, says:
"In that great contest we believe the cause of the
southern States was wholly right, that of tho Rad-
ical party North and West wholly wrong. \\ e, how-
ever, have accepted tacts and destinies, and have
done our best for our people, not reaching after <
impossibilities, but trying to give shape to what
may be practically for our benefit in the present and
most likely to give us power in such struggles as the
future may bring forth."
The Shelby county (Alabama) Guide, a Dem-
ocratic paper, recently said :
"The latest Ku Klux outrages are of a horrible
character, and were perpetrated upon the persons
of two negroes in Jackson county, in thisbtate. lhe
battle cry of the Democracy in the late canvass was
Maw and order,' and against the 'fools and thieves
in power. Governor Lindsey has been installed m his
office now nearly two months, within which time a
number of these cold-blooded murders have been
committed, and all the victims, except perhaps one,
were negroes; yet not in one single instance, except
the murder of the white man, Amos G. Harris, iii
the city of Montgomery, right under the nose of the
Governor, has there been a single reward offered
by his Excellency for the perpetrators of these dia-
bolical deeds. In our own county, in the enlight-
ened community of Montevallo, where 4 Lindsey and
reform' received 412 out of 422 votes cast, at least 100
of them negroes, one of these horrible murders has
been committed and no notice taken of it, except by
the employer of the negro, who offered a reward of
$300, through the columns of the Selma Times, for
testimony sufficient to convict the parties engaged in
the affair: and except this advertisement and a six-
line editorial in the Times, calling attention to the
advertisement, this horrible affair received no notice
at tho hands of the press of the State except through
the columns of the Selma Argus and Montgomery
Advertiser.
"Our opinion is that a few thousand dollars in
rewards for these murderers would bring some of
them up dangling at the end of a rope, and would
have a tendency to stop their outrages and, perhaps,
put. an end to Parsons's reconstruction. But strange
to say. some of the Democratic press of Alabama,
instead of rebuking these crimes, encourage them
either by silence or innuendo, and even to-day some
of them are, in an indirect manner, pointing Par-
sons out as a good subject for one of these outrages.
"If the Democratic party mean peace and 'law
and order,' letthein begin at once to bringitabout—
Governor Lindsey by offering suitable rewards for
the perpetrators of these crimes, and the press de-
nouncing them in the severest terms."
The following is from a recent number of
the Charleston (South Carolina) News, Dem-
ocratic:
"In common with the great mass of thelaw-abid-
ing people of South Carolina, we deeply deplore the
murderous outrages which have been committed in
Union county by the so-called Ku Kiux Klan. These
outlaws, there is good reason to believe, are chiefly
from Georgia and North Carolina, but some of them
are Union county men. They havemadethemselves
the judge and jury. They gave to the miserable pris-
oners no opportunity of saying a word in their de-
fense. It may be that the action of the marauders
was precipitated by the rumor that the prisoners m
jail were about to be removed to Columbia, where
they might hope for a partial trial and a speedy
acquittal. Thi«, however, is no excuse for the das-
tardly crime of their self-constituted executioners.
" There is no justification whatever for the down-
right murders m Union county committed by the
disguised desperadoes who call themselves Ku Klux.
They are neither more nor less than murderers, aud
it is demanded that they be brought at once to the
bar of justice, or scourged beyond the limits of the
State. Their conduct is as foolish as it is intrinsic-
ally wrong. They are playing directly into the
hands of our bitter political foes. Wo have had
already long years of tyranny and oppression,
brought about by the violence or stupidity of mis-
guided men, who would redress all their wrongs by
the bludgeon of the bully or the rifle of the assassin.
Unless wo would go back to the inchoate condition
with which reconstruction made the State familiar,
the recurrence of the Union outrages must at once
be made impossible.
"To send negro militia into the up-country, ex-
cited as tho people are, is to hurry them to destruc-
tion. A detachment of United States troops could,
however, prevent Ku Klux outrages, and would have
the moral support of all good citizens. As it is, a
gang of desperadoes and reckless boys strike a terri-
ble blow at the peace and prosperity of the btate.
The Abbeville (South Carolina) Press, Dem-
ocratic, recently said, in speaking of the doings
of the Ku Klux in that State:
"All good citizens must unite in denouncing them
as evil, and only evil, as increasing tenfold the
troubles they seek to remedy. They are neither
to be justified, excused, nor palliated. They are
aflfce lawless, unauthorized, and impolitic. Lawless
they are, because they transgress the highest obliga-
tions which we owe to God and man; unjfuthorized,
because they involve, without their consent, a
whole community in tho bitter consequences of the
act of a reckless few; impolitic, because they inaugu-
rate areignof violence which is destructive of every
interest of society. , .
" Better the veriest despotism which ever crushed
out the spirit of a free people than this lawless
anarchy, which makesthe lives and property ot tho
citizen the sport of every reckless marauder, be-
tween such a state of things and the military we
choose the latter. Sooner than this, let the btate be
remanded to tho territorial condition* or governed
as a conquered province by the strong arm oi mili-
tary law."
The Selma (Alabama) Argus, a Democratic
paper, lately published the following:
Sir.: I see from your artiele in your last issue(Jan-
uary 27) that you accuse a body ot disguised men oi
going to Greensborough, on Tuesday last, and releas-
ing a man from tlie jail in that place who had beenoon-
fined for horse-stealing: We inform you, sir, thatyour
author has told ainalicious falsehood. The man who
was released on that evening was not confined for
horse-stealing, but for killing a negro and the tak-
ing of a Yankee's horse (openly) that it might enable
him to make his escape from a court (like Black-
ford's) of injustice: and wc say to you, sir, that the
party did not visitGrecnsborough on thatevening for
the purpose of releasing this man McCrary, but for
the purpose of catching and giving Mr. Blackford
what he lawfully deserves and will get before the
1st day of March. We do not communicate to you
for the purposeof clearingourselves of but one thing,
and that is the release of a horse-thief. Sir, it is not
our object to release thieves, but, on the other hand,
it is our sworn duty to bring them all to justice, and
we in this section of country intend and will see that
all thieves shall be punished to the extent of the law,
and in cases where tho law cannot reach them the
party that released the man in Greensborough will
give them all they deserve, and perhaps a little more.
Yours, truly, &c.,
K. W. C.
To the Editor op the Argus.
P. S.—The writer is a subscriber to your paper, and
would be pleased to see'this and an additional article
by you in your next issue. K.
Alabama, January 31,1871.
comments.
" Our version of the affair at Greensborough was
based upon the statement ol the Greensborough Bea-
con, and the reports telegraphed to the press. Tho
author of the above letter c >rrects our errors. Mc-
Crary was onlyguiltyof 'killing' anegro and 'tak-
ing' a horse. The object of the disguised men was
not to release a horse-thief, but to lynch a probate
judge. This is the version of one who claims to have
been of the party of disguised men whose conduct
on the occasion in question was an example of law-
lessness and has already brought evil upon the inno-
cent victims of the incendiary fires provoked by it."
The Courier-Journal, of Louisville, Ken-
tucky, the ablest Democratic paper of the
South, only this week boldly and patriotically
said, in speaking of the Ivu Klux :
"They have usurped the powers of government;
made murder their pastime and terrorism their scep-
ter ; conferred upon their adherents the right of pri-
vate vengeance, and assumed to protect them from
the penalties of outraged law. No homeissafe.no
place issacred from their invasions. To show their
strength and their utter contempt for all departments
of the State government they fill the vicinity of the
capital during the brief period of the legislative ses-
sion with deeds of blood, and carry their lawless
violence with insulting defiance to the very doors of
our legislative halls. This stain upon the escutcheon
of Kentucky, this humiliation of our proud State,
has culminated under a Democratic State adminis-
tration ; and yet the Legislature, so prompt to resent
a newspaper censure, has affected to ignore the facts
and disregard the disgrace."
* * .5= * V * * * * *
"A few days since we observed that the lack of vigor
on our parr tends to encourage lawlessness. Is this
not an example in point? l)o we not see that our
outlawry is enlarging its sphere and growing more
enterprising as we fail to meet it with acts propor-
tioned to its force and extent ? But a fortnight, ago
it rode down upon the postal service of the Federal
Government in broad davlight, and one of our most
public highways narrowly escaped a wanton mur-
der. A train guard of soldiers is the consequence.
Now, it rides into thecapitalofthe State, overcomes
the police that watch the rest of our legislators, our
Governors, our judges, and all our Commonwealth
authorities seizes a prison, releases a murderer, and
rides off m triumph.'*
The Rome (Georgia) Commercial recently
deprecates the bold acts of the Ku Klux, and
says their outrages will lose the Democratic
party thousands of votes in 1872. It therefore
advises quiet for the present. It says:
"Remember, brothers, that the strength and power
of any secret organization rests in the attribute of
mystery and hidden lorce, and in the fact that upon
the thousand bills of our country alogion of brave
hearts that are throbbing quietly can be called to-
gether by a tiny signal, and when th^ work is done
can melt away into shadowy nothing. Every time you
act you weaken your strength. Then, be quiet. If an
inexorable neee&sity calls tor action, act promptly,
with decision, and do nothing more than is absolutely
necessary."
The military committee of the present Ken-
tucky Legislature proposed that $500,000 be
appropriated to ferret out the perpetrators
of the cowardly outrages perpetrated by un-
known and disguised parties;" and its chair-
man pledges "every confederate soldier to
speak with a voice that cannot be mistaken,
that law and order, and the peace and dignity
"of the State must be maintained," that ** out-
lawry must be wiped out, even if in the blood
of the perpetrators." And here a painful
contrast is suggested to my mind. While the
confederate general, Breckinridge, before a
