1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2Y?
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Education—Mr. Loughridye,
Ho. of Reps.
suggest to the rising generation examples for
them to follow, they must be pictures of Thomas,
not of Lee ; of the Virginian who stood by his
country's flag in the hour of peril, not of him
who deserted it.
My land is the water-bound Republic; my
gods are the gods of my fathers—Union, Lib-
erty, Justice—and I can submit to no dismem-
berment of the one, no dethronement of the
•others. The orange groves of Florida, the
snows of Maine, the cotton fields of Texas,
and the golden glories of California, as well as
the great central heart of the country, are alike
dear to me; and I embrace them all in a com-
mon love, and demand that everywhere shall
be maintained and secured protection to life,
property, and constitutional rights.
To secure this result, without which free
government is a failure, many of the State gov-
ernments in the lately rebellious districts are
powerless, because the agencies and organiza-
tions which disturb the peace of society and
■defiantly trample upon the dearest rights of
the citizen are sustained by the controlling
public opinion of those States. This is as
true of Democratic Kentucky as of Republican
South Carolina. Alexander Hamilton wisely
foresaw that the hope and safety of this coun-
try were not in the power of its subdivisions
•or States, butin the whole people of the country
as a nation. Hence he favored giving strength
to the central General Government, and held
that the rights of the people were above State
rights. His prediction has been fully verified
by the events of the last ten years.
The people of some of the States sought to
subvert the Government and divide the country.
The nation crushed rebellion and saved the
Government and the country. And now, while
crime and outlawry are able to hold high car-
nival in some of the States, because supported
by a local public opinion, which makes local
governments powerless to check, the public
sentiment of the country at large is sound and
healthful, and the General Government is pow-
erful to sustain and enforce its laws. In these
is now our hope, and to these I now appeal, in
behalf of the loyal, law-abiding citizens of the
States of North Carolina, South Carolina, Flor-
ida, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Tennessee,
Arkansas, Louisiana, Kentucky, and Texas for
protection.
We have given freedom and political rights
to the late slaves of the South, and have thus
robbed them of the sympathy and protection
which self-interest induced their late masters
to give them. They are now being ground
between the upper and the nether mill-stone.
Shall we fail to rescue them, and to protect
them in the rights which the nation has given
them? Shall we fail to protect the loyal white
men of the South in their rights of life, prop-
erty, and ballot? If we do, then reconstruc-
tion is a failure and the rebellion has half
triumphed. No, Mr. President, the people of
this country will not allow it. Let Congress and
the President act quickly, boldly, decisively,
and make the flag guaranty to every citizen
■at home that ample protection in his just
rights which it carries on every sea and con-
tinent and island of the globe, and 'the peo-
ple will firmly and patriotically sustain their
action. No man can clearly foresee all the evil
consequences of failure to thus act. I can see
plainly foreshadowed as the results of failure
the nullification of the fifteenth amendment,
the reduction of the negro at the South to a
serfdom nearly as bad as slavery, the repudi-
ation of the national debt, the payment for
slaves and of the confederate war debt either
by the General Government or the States. Let
us and the country be warned in time, that
we may avert the evils which threaten us,
and that the Republic, through justice and
peace, may sweep on to its grand destiny of
the future.
Education in the District.
SPEECH OF HON. W. LOUGHRIDGE,
, of iowa,
In the House of Representatives,
January 7, 1871,
The House having met, as per previous order, as in
Committee of the Whole, for debate.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, at the
third session of the Fortieth Congress I had
the honor of being a member of a special Com-
mittee on Education in the District of Colum-
bia, of which that distinguished statesman,
the late Thaddeus Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
was chairman. Upon that subject Mr. Stevens
felt a deep interest. He prepared a bill which
was, upon deliberation, approved by the com-
mittee, but which he was not able to have
considered during that Congress.
In the course of the consultations upon that
bill I was impressed with the deep interest
taken by that great man in the cause of the
education of the people, even to the last hours
of his life, and I was led to give the subject
more thought and reflection than I had before
given it, in its connection with the legislation
of the country and in connection with its
demands upon the attention of the practical
statesmen of the Government; and additional
reflection but serves to strengthen the convic-
tion of my mind, that there is no more import-
ant duty devolving upon the legislator in a
free Government than that of providing for
the education of the people.
The object of our legislation is, or should be,
the stability and perpetuity of the Government,
and the prosperity, happiness, and content-
ment of all the people; and the course of legis-
lation which is the most conducive to these
ends is the course demanded by true states-
manship. The only security for our Govern-
ment and the only hope for the preservation
of our institutions and our liberties is in the
intelligence of the people; and when I say the
people I mean all the people; not an intelligent
aristocracy, nor an aristocracy of intellect,
but the intelligence of the masses of the peo-
ple, an intelligence confined in its existence
and its benefits to no class, but extending its
influence to all.
The common-school system is an absolute
necessity to the existence and prosperity of
this Government. That system is without
doubt the great safeguard of our free institu-
tions and the sheet-anchor of tire liberties of
the people.
I speak what every candid observing man
must admit to be true when I say that the free
common schools of the country exercise an
influence almost unbounded and incalculable.
And yet I am afraid their value and influence
are not fully realized. They are silent and
unpretending agencies, and yet they are none
the less effective—like the gentle and con-
tinued showers upon the parched and thirsty
earth, rather than the driving storm, or the
bursting torrent. Their workings are as silent
as the falling dews of evening and yet as pow-
erful as the mightiest forces of nature. Their
benefits, confined to no class or condition, de-
scend upon all alike, the high and the low, the
rich and the poor. Their influences invigorate
the body-politic, promote the public welfare,
and greatly strengthen the nation.
Sir, this nation has but recently emerged from
a terrible contest, a contest in which all the
enemies of liberty seemed to be leagued together
for the destruction of the Government and of
liberty; a contest in which the strength of
our institutions was put to the severest possible
test; a contest, in the dark and bloody hours
of which the patriot heart could scarce discern
a beam of light or hope; a contest during
which our Government passed through the
most fearful crisis in its history, and, I thank
God, passed through it safely, triumphantly,
gloriously; and the flag of the Republic, lately
insulted, spit upon, and trampled in the dust,
now waves in triumph over all its enemies.
And, sir, I stand here to-day, and declare what
I candidly believe, that for our success in that
struggle and our safe deliverance from the
perils that surrounded as, we are indebted,
under God, to the common schools of the land
more than to any other agency. What, sir,
would have been our condition to-day had the
entire country, at the time of the breaking out
of the rebellion, been as destitute of common
schools as were the States of the South? Trace
the line which during that contest separated
treason from loyalty, and you draw the line
which separates that portion of the country
where common schools have been carefully
and liberally sustained from that portion from
which they have always been excluded. The
striking contrast in this respect between the
two sections is an interesting as well as a
fitting and important study for the statesman
and the legislator. That this contrast between
the two sections does exist and has existed is
well understood, and will not be denied.
Take for illustration two of the States, one
in each section, and compare them. Take, for
instance, South Carolina as a representative
of the southern anti-free-school section, and
Iowa as a fair representative of the free-school
section. South Carolina, one of the oldest
States in the Union, one of the original Thir-
teen ; with an extensive sea-board and one of
the finest harbors in the world, with a salu-
brious climate, free from those cold and win-
try blasts that sweep over our northwestern
prairies ; a State which has had the benefit
of splendid colleges and extensive libraries ; a
State which has always had (that which was her
pride and her boast) an educated aristocracy,
a cultivated and refined aristocracy, a chival-
rous aristocracy, and a State which has fur-
nished from her favored class many of the
greatest statesmen and orators of the nation
in the past-—a long list of distinguished names,
the mighty Calhoun at the head. Iowa, a new
State of the far Northwest, a thousand miles
from the sea-board ; a State with a cold and
rugged climate, a State settled by a people who
in Roman parlance would have been called
plebeians ; a laboring people, who believe in
and uphold the dignity and nobility of labor.
South Carolina has had the advantage of
Iowa both in age and in population. In 1860,
at the time she declared herself "a free and
an independent State " and levied war against
the Government, she exceeded Iowa in popula-
tion more than thirty thousand. From 1810 to
1840, a period of thirty years, the whole appro-
priation of South Carolina for common schools
was $40,000 per annum, and from 1840 to 1860,
the entire yearly expenditures for common
schools amounted to from forty to eighty thou-
sand dollars, the latter being the maximum.
In the year 1854 there were taught in the entire
State 1,289 schools, with an attendance of
17,000 scholars, and with an entire appropria-
tion for that year of $74,000, being about ten
cents per capita for the population of the State.
In 1858 there were in South Carolina 114,282
children of school age; of these only 19,132
attended any school.
I turn now to Iowa, a State the territory of
which had in 18S6 but 10,000 inhabitants, and
which was admitted into the Union in Decem-
ber, 1846, just twenty-five years since. That
State has a permanent school fund, at interest,
amounting to $2,500,000, from which accrues
annually §240,000, to be appropriated to the
support of common schools, being thus a per-
manent income of three times the highest
amount that South Carolina ever raised for
schools in one year. And yet with this income
the people of that State, having a proper esti-
