1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
41st Cong.... 3d Sess.
National 3Iilitary Asylums—Mr. Farnsworth.
Ho. of Reps.
horrors of the fratricidal strife and the hope-
lessness of its prosecution, and sang in the
ears of the people the siren song of peace; and
after nearly four years of the war had passed,
these friends of peace assembled at the city of
Chicago in imposing conclave, in numbers—
"Thick as autumnal leaves that strow the brooks
In Vallombrosa,"
and, assuming to speak for the "American
people,'' declared the war a failure and de-
manded that it should cease.
But, sir, in spite of all this opposition, in
spice of these discouraging and depressing in-
fluences, in spite of the tremendous load which
was weighing heavily upon them, the loyal peo-
ple of the North were unmoved in their pur-
pose, and at the ballot-box, in the important
and decisive election of 1804, voluntarily and
freely pronounced, by overwhelming majorities,
that the war should not cease, but that, in full
reliance upon the selfsacriGces, the patriotism,
the heroic valor, and the undying devotion of
the American people to the country and its
free institutions, they would prosecute it with
the utmost possible vigor to the suppression
of the rebellion. Before that calm and heroic
determination and expression the rebellion
gave way, the people triumphed, and the
Republic was saved. Of all this the iron pen
of History has made faithful record.
Sir, the short yet thrilling history of our
own Government thus teaches us in lessons too
plain to be misunderstood, and which it would
be criminal to disregard, on the one hand where
our danger lies, and on the other where our
safety is to be found. We need not go back to
antiquity, to the history of the republics of the
past, to gather instruction. Ourown brief but
splendid history is all-sufficient, and is fraught
■with lessons of wisdom which we would do
■well to heed; and with that history before us,
as it reads to-day, we can see illustrated the
truth of the earnest words of the great Wirt,
"We must educate, we must educate, or we
must perish !" 1 would that I could impress
the truth of these words upon the heart of
every citizen of this great Republic; I should
have done much for the lasting benefit of our
common country.
Sir, when I reflect upon what this Govern-
ment has cost, the immense sacrifices which
have been made for it—in the first place for its
establishment, and recently for its perpetuity
and existence—when I consider the vast inter-
ests at stake in its preservation, involving the
most vital interests not only of those now living,
but of future generations, and when I think
of the absolute necessity of the education of
the people in a free government, I cannot but
be deeply impressed with the importance of
this great question and with the conviction
that it should reccive higher consideration than
it has heretofore at the hands of the General
Government.
Mr. Speaker, we are too apt to legislate
upon the principle that national wealth and
national power are the great ends to be attained,
and that every other consideration should bend
to these. Sir, this is a dangerous fallacy and
a fatal delusion. There are things more desir-
able for this people than wealth or power. A
course of legislation which conduces to the
contentment and the happiness, the intelli-
gence and the virtue of the people is of far
more true value and lasting benefit to the
nation than one which looks only to the mate-
rial wealth of the nation or to the extension
of its domain and its empire. A nation may
abound in material wealth; luxury and extrav-
agance may prevail throughout its domain ;
its commerce may whiten every sea and its
flag float upon every breeze; conquest may
extend its domain and enlarge its empire; and
yet, in all that goes to constitute the true value
of a government it may be poor and worth-
less. And, oil the other hand, a nation may
be poor, as far as money and material wealth
is concerned, and yet rich in all that goes to
make a virtuous, contented, and happy people.
The natural tendency of wealth is to luxury
and effeminacy, with their legitimate results,
corruption, vice, and decay, "where wealth
accumulates, men decay."
This I take to be the teaching of the world's
history. These are not necessarily the results
of wealth, but they are the results unless the
tendency in that direction is counteracted by
the influences of moral, intellectual, and phys-
ical education ; and to this end should be the
efforts and the watchful care of the Govern-
ment. The progress of the people and the
nation toward wealth needs no legislation to
stimulate it other than the proper encourage-
ment to the industrial interests of the country.
The energy and industry of our people and our
vast material resources demonstrate the fact,
too plainly to be misunderstood, that the highest
acme of wealth and of power is the sure and
speedy destiny of the nation. Yet this wealth
and power, if not accompanied by intelligence,
morality, and public virtue, will but prove a
source of weakness, and hasten the downfall
of the Republic.
The duty of the statesman of this country is
to legislate for the purpose of building up and
strengthening those counteracting influences
against the evil tendencies of wealth and power
when accompanied by ignorance and vice, and
thus to provide the surest and best safeguards
for the perpetuity of our free Government and
the happiness of all the people. It was well
said by the late Horace Mann, one of the great-
est and best of men :
" In our country and in our times no man is worthy
the honored name of a statesman who does not in-
clude the highest practicable education of the people
in all his plans of admini?tra'ion. He may have
eloquence, he may have a knowledge of all history,
diplomacy, jurisprudence, and by these he might
claim in other countries the elevated rank of a
statesman; but unless he speaks, plans, labors, at
all times and in all places for the culture and edifi-
cation of the whole people, he is not, he cannot be,
ail American statesman."
I am glad to believe, Mr. Speaker, that the
lessons derived from the rebellion and the war
are not lost upon the people of this country,
but that they are giving the subject of popu-
lar education renewed attention and considera-
tion in all sections of the country. As I have
already said, it is peculiarly the province of the
State governments to take charge of and carry
out systems of popular education. This is bet-
ter in every respect than for the General Gov-
ernment to interfere; but where the ruling
classes of a State are opposed to popular edu-
cation, and refuse to provide for it by State
law, Congress should not hesitate to apply the
remedy. And this is without doubt the con-
dition of affairs in some of the southern States.
In this respect, those States should have the
benefit of the fostering care of the Government.
Their people are but recently rid of the ter-
rible incubus of slavery, which so long hung
upon them like a hideous nightmare, weigh-
ing them down and crippling all their energies.
And yet the spirit and virus of that institu-
tion still exist, and its votaries and worship-
ers, aristocrats in principle and in practice,
carry on the most virulent and bitter warfare
against all projects for the elevation or im-
provement, intellectually or morally, of the
laboring classes. In those States there are
seven hundred and fifty thousand men who
were recently slaves and who are now citizens
and voters, and it is the sacred duty of the
Government to see to it that they and their
children are educated. They are poor and
destitute. The earnings of their lives have
been stolen from them by those who now,
instead of aiding to educate them, prefer to
burn down their humble school-houses and
drive away their teachers, 1 o see that these
freed people are educated is not only a mat-
ter of self-preservation on the part of the Gov-
ernment, but a matter of simple justice to
those who have so long been robbed, oppressed,
and shut out from all avenues of light and
knowledge.
They should be educated at once, and the
property of those States, which their own
labor has accumulated, and upon which they
have a lien for generations of toil, should be
made to pay all the expenses of such educa-
tion ; and with a well-established system of
free common schools, the common people
educated and lifted up to their proper level
and position, industry encouraged, and labor
made honorable, the South will speedily rise
from the ashes of its humiliation, and, imbued
with new vigor and new life, will enter upon a
career of prosperity and of progress eclipsing
all its past history.
And if to accomplish this end in any of the
States pecuniary aid from the General Gov-
ernment should be necessary, there should be
no hesitation or delay in extending that aid.
There is such a thing in legislation as being
"penny wise and pound foolish." We have
a national debt upon us now amounting to
$2,500,000,000, a debt which will rest like an
incubus upon us for years. And, sir,' I hesi-
tate not to express my conviction that had one
twentieth part of that amount been appropri-
ated by the General Government thirty years
since, and judiciously expended for the sup-
port of free public schools in the South, we
would have been saved from the fearful rebel-
lion to suppress which that debt accrued.
It is the part of wisdom to profit by the ex-
perience of the past, and if we thus profit we
will see to it that those portions of the country
where darkness and ignorance have so long
held sway shall soon be illuminated by the
influence of free schools, sustained against all
enemies by the power of the State, and where
that is not sufficient or willing, by the power
of the General Government.
National Military Asylums.
SPEECH OF HON. J. F. FARNSWORTH,
of illinois,
In the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1871,
On the report of the Committee on Military Affairs
in regard to the disposition of the money appropri-
ated to establish and maintain asylums for the
needy and disabled soldiers of the late war.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, the
resolution instructing the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to investigate and report the method
of administering the millions drawn from the
Treasury ostensibly to establish and maintain
asylums for the needy and disabled soldiers
of the late war was passed during the last ses-
sion of Congress. It was referred to a sub-com-
mittee, consisting of three members ofthat com-
mittee, who thought it too late in the session
to commence the investigation thereon. The
sub-committee, through their chairman, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Negley,]
notified me of this conclusion, and further-
more, that some time during the vacation they
proposed visiting the several asylums and en-
tering upon a thorough investigation, and that
I should have notice of the time the visits to
the asylums should take place, with a request
that l" should accompany the committee and
aid the investigation.
I heard nothing more of the matter^ until I
saw in a newspaper a paragraph stating that
the committee had visited the asylums at Day-
ton aud Milwaukee in company with General
Butlrr, the president and treasurer, and some
other parties, ladies and gentlemen, and were
prepared to report favorably upon the institu-
tions. That the committee found eveiything
