1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
41st Cong....3d Sess.
National Military Asylums—Mr. Farnsworth.
Ho. of Reps.
money? Article nineteen of the by-laws of
this incorporation provides that—
"All moneys, not appropriated for immediate use
shall be iuvested in United States securities, payable
to the National Asylum, transferable only, upon the
vote of the board, by the president, countersigned
by the secretary of the board."
Now, here is a statement of all the investments
in United States securities by the board, or the
1 'presidentand treasurer,'5 from the commence-
ment until this examination, together with the
interest received thereon up to September last,
as given by the Treasurer of the United States:
Amount of United States bonds registered in name of
the Notional Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers and of Hon. B. F. Butler, "President and
Treasurerand the interest declared and paid
thereon.
Bate of issue. Description of bonds and amounts.
1867s. „ 10-40*. Pacifies.
1867, July 23 $504,750
1868, May 11  161.500
1870, May 26  70,000 - $300,000
1870, May 27  - $170,000
1870, May 28  30,000
1870, May 31  230,000
966,250
200,000
300,000
, 50,000
-
-
.$916,250
$200,000
$300,000
The bonds donated to the asylum, and which
seem to have been disposed of by the Treas-
urer, are not included.
Ui
o
«-!
£
P
P
c
<<
c
<<
e
*<
B
*
►"1
r*
S
•
G>
CO
o
t—i
00
01
<£>
r
CO
o
CO
-
OO
GO
CD
O
O
O
p
a
o
§ 3'
g-o
£
Q O O g
a
a
e 
54
S
The last January interest is not included in
this statement, nor interest upon bonds donated
to the asylum.
From this statement it will be seen that up
to May last but $6fi6,250 had been invested in
interest*paying securities for the asylum and
<(B. F. Butler,PresidentandTreasurer," and
of those bonds $50,000 were transferred (ex-
changed for currency) on the 9th of March,
1870, leaving only $616,250 in interest-pay-
ing securities at that time; yet daring that
same month of March the .treasurer of the
asylum drew from the Unifc||yStates Treasury
$371,285 54, and during'iGpfollowing month
of April he drew out $1,023,945 52, or in the
two months the enormoussum of $1,395,231 52.
It will be seen that none of this was invested in
securities for the asylum until the 26th day of
May following, when $300,000 Pacific railroad
bonds and $70,000 of 1867's were purchased ;
and at the time of this examination the entire
amount of securities held for the asylum was
only $1,416,250, and the president and treas-
urer swore, as will be seen from his testimony,
that he had not more than from twenty-five to
thirty thousand dollars on hand besides the
securities. Thus, then, considerably over three
million dollars have been already used up.
How this immense sum has been expended is
the next question. The testimony of the presi-
dent and treasurer, B. F. Butler, of which
the following is an extract, admits that he has
deposited this money with his own private
money, keeping no separate account with his
bankers, but putting it in and drawing it out
of bank as his own individual funds ; but it is
to be regretted that the committee had not
those bauk accounts with the checks drawn
upon the funds, as the accounts and checks,
with the accounts of the United States Treas-
urer, would necessarily have shown what had
become of the money:
" Question. Did you deposit this money ?
MAnswer. Yes, sir; but not in the name of the
National Asylum,
" Question. Where and with whom did you deposit
it?
"Answer. I deposited it as money in my own
hands, according to my residence for the time, some-
times in Washington as a portion of my bank account
here, sometimes in New York, and sometimes in
Lowell.
"Question. It was aportion of your own individual
bank account?
**Ansioer. Certainly.
"Question. With nothing to distinguish it from
your private account?
"Answer. Certainly not.
11 Question. In what banks did you deposit it?
"Answer. In Washington, with Jay Cooke some-
times, and in tbe National Bank.
"Question. In Lowell with which bank?
"Answer. In the National Bank.
14 Question. Who are the ofUcees of that bank?
44 Answer. I cannot tell you. I am there so little
that I do not know who they are, except perhaps the
cashier.
"Question, Have you any interest in that bank?
44 Answer. Not a dollar. I wish I had.
44 Question. Is Mr. Field connected with that
bank?
" Answer. Never, to my knowledge.
44 Question. Have you an agent in Lowell who
draws for deposits in this bank for the National
Asylum for you?
" Answer. I have, a part of the time.
41 Question. Who is he?
44 Answer. I decline to answer inquiries into my
private affairs.
14 Question. I wish to know who is your agent, who
deposits for draws money for you from the National
Bank.
4' Answer. I have no agent who does either.
" Question. You have none; never have had?
*' A nswer. I have none.
44 Question. Have you.any objection to exhibiting
to the committee your bank account, showing the
deposit of those funds?
"Answer. I cannot exhibit my bank account,
showing the depositof this fund without exhibiting
my private bank account."
I asked for this evidence, as will be seen from
the following copy of my request, delivered to
the chairman of the sub-committee on the day
of its date; but the committee refused to sub-
pena the evidence;
House op Representatives,
Washington-. D. c., February 3,1871.
To the Committee on Military Affairs:
I requested sometime sincethatMr. D. G. C. Field,
of Lowell, Massachusetts, the financial agent of Gen-
eral Butler, besubpenaed totestiiyintheinvestiga-
tion of the National Asylum of Volunteer Soldiers.
He was subpenaed, but, as 1 am informed, was noti-
fied by Mr, Butler, or some one for him, not to ap-
pear. I also desired and requested tlfe committee to
cause to be produced the bank accounts of B. F. But-
ler, for the purpose of tracing the money belonging
to the asylum. By this testimony I can show that a
very large amount of the moneys belonging to the
asylum, in the hands of the treasurer-president of
the same, (B. F. Butler,) has been used by him for
the purposes of private speculation, and that the
same is now beins; so used. I respectfully request
that said witness. Field, and said bank accounts of
B. F. Butlkr with the First National Bank, Wash-
ington, and tho First National Bank ot Lowell, Mas-
sachusetts. be produced by the committee for exam-
^Kes^ectfully, &c„ J. F. FARNSWORTH.
Of course, there is no other method of cor-
rectly tracing the money of the asylum. It
was objected by the president and treasurer
that it would expose his private business ; but
I submit that where an officer of the Govern-
ment mingles the Government money by the
hflndred thousand, yes, by the million, with
his private business so that you can trace it in
no other manner, then his private business is
the very thing that requires examination and
exposure. Why, sir, by the account ren-
dered by this treasurer-president, member of
Congress himself, and which was made for the
report of the committee by him, the balances
in his hands quarterly, from the time he com-
menced receiving money from tbe Treasury
in 18C6, have been an average of about one
hundred thousand dollars all the time; and
at the very time when he exchanged $50,000
United States bonds for cash, upon the pre-
tense that the Treasury was empty, he had
over two hundred thousand dollars of the asy-
lum money, and he was over one hundred
thousand dollars ahead all through that month,
and the next month, April, he drew from the
United States Treasury over a million.
I say this is according to his own account,
made for the occasion, and it is the only de-
tailed account of expenditures for the asylum
that the committee has taken the trouble to
procure; and what sort of an account is it?
Dates and amounts, never stating for what the
money was expended. At the investigation
an account in a book was produced, at the end
of which two members of the committee had
certified they had compared it with vouchers,
&c., and found it correct, though what the
vouchers were and who vouched did not appear.
The treasurer admitted, on his examination,
that this book was made for the examination!
Now that account is dropped and another one
is reported by the committee which was not
before the committee then, and which I never
saw before, only certified by Butler himself,
and different from the other one, and bearing
still better evidence of having been made for
the occasion than the other one. In this one
are first introd uced the gauzy and false pretexts
of what the money was drawn from the Treas-
ury for, and stating what appropriations were
made " by the board of managers," &c., each
quarter. This is all bosh.
Why, sir, the money was drawn from the
Treasury of the United States as fast as he
could get it, and what he did not pay out for
expenses of the asylum was kept, or used, or
deposited by Butler as and with his own funds.
And you will find, if you will take the trouble
to make a few figures, that Butler has had the
use, during the last five years, of an average
of at least $150,000 all the time of this Gov-
ernment money. The report says that on the
1st of last January Butler advanced $111,000
for the asylum. BuTLERSwore it was nearly fifty
thousand, while in the account which he fur-
nishes the committee he puts it at $88,222 11!
Now, the truth is he did not advance one
penny ; and another truth is, he does not give
the interest received on the bonds and due that
same 1st of January, nor the sum of nearly
sixty thousand dollars which he drew from the
United States on the 7th of January, and the
gentleman who made the report does not give
these facts either. These two items amounted
to nearly one hundred thousand dollars, and
they are left out.
According to the accounts presented, the
several asylums have cost as follows:
At Dayton, Ohio, land and buildings..... §602,1S6 12
At Milwaukee, land and buildings  430,83a 75
Near Augusta, Maine, land and build-
ines, including cost of new buildings, 243,000 00
At Fort Monroe, land and buildings  50.000 00
$1,332 36°, 8?
Leaving nearly two million dollars already
used up in expenses of taking care of the com-
