282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
National Military Asylums—Mr. Farnstvorth.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
paratively few soldiers who avail themselves
of these institutions 5 and as the Government
furnishes their clothing, and many of their
pensions are paid to the asylums, it will be
seen that the Government would make money
by boarding the inmates of the asylums at. a
first-class hotel, for they have cost, besides the
pensions and clothing furnished by the Gov-
ernment, and besides the $1,832,369 sunk in
buildings and grounds, about $500 per man
per year.
Testimony has been taken relating to the
purchase of the Augusta and of the Fort Mon-
roe property. So far as the testimony relates
to the Augusta property (original purchase) it
appears regular enough. That which relates
to the property and its purchase at Fort Mon-
roe the most material is as follows:
Mr. Butler swears as follows:
"Question, Who selected tho ground at Fortress
Monroe?
4,7t?u'U)cT. The whole board with one exception,
that was the president, who was in Congress and
could not go down.
"Question, Who suggosted that property to tho
boardV
"Answer. The president and GeneialLawton, who
had been a.«iek olHeor.
"Question. You bud seen the property heforo?
"Answer. Oil, Ikuew all about it.
"Question. You Imd owned the property?
*'Answe.r. Yeg, 1 had owned that.
41Question. From whom did you purchase it?
'Vlnstycr. In many ways. I will state the circum-
stances. The property atFoitro^s Momoe was the
Chesapeake Female College, which was taken in 18G1
for a hospital. While used as a hospital Secretary
• Stanton advised me to see if tho title could not be
extingui-hod. There were eight corporators, four
loyal and four disloyal, and there were considerable
debts of which we could not tell anything, because
the rccords of tho eourts had been burned at Hamp-
ton, Hereupon I purchased four shares at $12,000,
and Mr. Stanton ordered the other shares to be
confiscated : but before tho confiscation got through
tho courts tho order of President Johnson stopped
it. When I settled my accounts with Mr. Stanton
I charged the Government $12,000 and credited my-
eelf. Mr. Stanton said : We are in trouble now about
this purchase, which 1 expected we could settle by
an net of Congress, and I cannot take this title; and
then 1 charged bank that $12,000. Then the Frccd-
inen's Bureau took it in charge and they occupied it
awhile. Then General Sehojicld occupied it for a
time as headquarters, and [ tried to get some rent,
and believe 1 got #300. After that I found a largo
incumbrance, amounting to $20,000 more, upon it.
When tho rebels came back it was settled by a decree
of tho court. 1 then, wanting some money, mort-
gaged it for $.'>8,000.
*'Question. Did you soli it?
"Answer. 1 did not sell, but it was sold with xny
advice and consent.
" Question. You paid $12,000 in the first place on
behalf ot the War Department ?
"Answer. Yes; in 18<H.
" Question. How much have you paid in all ?
"Answer. S reckon a little risiug of $42,000 with
what I have to nay.
What have you paid actually?
'Answer. I have paid, or inv lawyer has paid, in
the courts $20,000 and upward. I assumed some
debts and agreed to pay $8,000.
" Question. Agreed to pay?
"Answer, Yes, sir; and have paid part of it.
*| (Jifstinn. Was that for incumbrances upon it ?
"Annwcr, No, air. Liens.
"Question. What kind of liens?
*'Answer, Some building liens and somo others.
" Question. There were other buildings there?
"A?is-wer. Yes, sir; quito a number. And when the
War Department got through with them wo tore
them down and sold them.
" Question. The War Department furnished you
the $12,000 to purchase it in the first place ?
"A miner. No, sir.
" Question, Then you bought it with your own
monej ?
"A nswer, I did; and in the settlement of my ac-
counts it was not allowed me."
And again :
" By Mr. Fa rns worth :
"Question. Tell the committee a little more pre-
cisely than you did the other day how much money
vou have been paid yourself for the property at
Fortress Monroe: how much money the board of
managers has paid you tor that property?
"Annoer. Not a dollar.
||Question Did you not own that property ?
/'Answer. I owned a redeeming interest in it; a
right to redeem. There was paid for itwhat I stated
with great exactness the last time I was examined,
$50,000.
"/Juration. Who received that money ?
"Answer. Mr. F. Amos Uildn-th.
/Question, is he a relative of yours?
Answer. He ib.
"Question. What relation ?
"Amiver. He is a brother-in-law of mine.
"Question. How came he to own an interest in the
property ; do you know?
"Answer. Yes, I explained that the other day.
"Question. I do not think his name was mentioned?
"Answer. No, sir; his name was not mentioned.
"Question. What was his interest, and how did his
interest come?
"Answer. His interest came in my conveying it to
him as security for ceitain moneys which he was to
advance on inv account some time since.
"Question, When was that conveyancc made by
you to him?
" Answer. I think in tho latter part of last winter,
or early in the spring.
"Question. Was that conveyance recorded any-
where to your knowledge?
" Answer. My belief is that it is recorded in some
record in Virginia.
"Question, What was tho conveyance—a deed, a
mortgage, or a trust-deed?
"Answer. It is a deed.
41 Question, Of that identical property?
" A nswer, Of that identical property.
" Question. You did it to secure him ?
"Answer. I did.
" Question. Why did you make an absolute deed if
it was to secure him for money ?
"Answer. Because I chose to do so.
" Question. What was the amount of money which
you deeded him this land to secure?
"Answer, Thirty-eight thousand dollars was the
amount that I expected to receive from him.
"Question. You had not received it, then?
"-■tnw/*. Not all of it.
"Question, llad you received any of it?
"Answer. There was money advanced by him, and
I expected to be in an operation with him to some
considerable amount.
" Question, How much had you received from him
at that time?
"Ansv>er, 1 cannot at this moment tell; I did not
know that it would be a subject of investigation.
" Question. How much were you to receivo?
"Answer. Thirty-eight thousand dollars.
" Question. How do you know that itwas precisely
S3S.000 ?
"Answer, Because I remember.
" Question, Then why not toll how much you had
received before that?
"Answer. Because I do not recollect.
|4 Question. Can you not refresh your recollection ?
"Answer. X cannot refresh my recollection exactly
as to how tar our negotiation had progressed at the
time the deed was made.
"Question. You canrecollect how much you were to
receive, but not how much you had received ?
"Answer, That is it.
" Quextion, Arc you entirely certain, is your mem-
ory accurate, that you had really received anything
at that time: was it not all in the future ?
"Answer. I cannot say that I am actually certain
that 1 had received any special sum at that time.
"Question. Then, upon reflection, you are inclined
to think that it was all in the future ?
"A >i6we>. No, sir ; I am not inclined to think that.
"Question. Why not?
"Answer. Because 1 think the other way.
4* Question. JIow long had you owned that prop-
erty by that time?
/'Answer. My first title to it came, as I explained
the other day, some time in the year 186i or in the
latter part uf 1863.
"Question. There had been nothing said about
deeding this property to the asylum at the time you
made this deed to Mr. Hildreth?
"A nnwer. No, air.
|| Question. You had not thought of it?
"Answer. No, sir; I supposed at that time that it
might be ultimately sold to a company at Norfolk
for the purpose of a hotel.
"Question. What was your arrangement with Mr.
Ilildreth as to the balance; it was worth more than
thirty-eight thousand dollars, was it not?
"Answer. Yes; 1 thought so.
"Question. How was he topay you tho balance ?
"Answer^ lie was not to pay mo the balance if I
paid him his money. I h^vc already told you that
it was deeded to him for security.
"Question. But it would be forfeited if you did not
pay themoncy?
* Answer, Yes. sir.
"Question. Did you take a note or anything of that
sort from Mr. Hildreth for the money ?
"Answer. The arrangement was reduced to writing
m the form of a communication to him.
"Question. Have you a copy of that communica-
tion ?
"^Answer. I have not.
"Question. What business was Mr. Hildreth en-
gaged in at that time?
"Answer. The same business that he had been
engaged in for a long time; that is, being a farmer.
" Question. Did Mr. Hildreth give you the $38,000?
|| 4 He did not.
|| Question. You never received it from him ?
Answer. Yes; I received a portion of it, from
time to time, as wewenton with our negotiations.
|| Question. Have you received it all yet?
Answer. I think I did, and considerable more
with it; and I have been able, by the sale of prop-
erty, to reimburse him for that and other money
which was due.
"Question. But did you reccive at any time alto-
gether, since that transaction, §33,000* which he was
to let you have?
■* Answer. He was to pay out in matters in which
we were engaged certain moneys ; and I received it
in his account in that way.
" Question. When the $50,000 was paid for the asy-
lum property it was paid to him, ail of it?
"Answer, Yes, sir.
' Question. And you did not receive a dollar of it?
"Ansioer, No, sir; it passed into his hands."
The testimony of Hildreth I give entire. It
cannot be abridged without marring its sym-
metry :
14 Washington, D. C., February 3,1271.
"Fisher A. Hildreth, sworn and examined by Mr.
Farnsworth :
" Question. State your age, residence, and occu-
pation.
"Answer. Fifty-two; farming is my business; I
reside at Lowell, Massachusetts.
" Question. You have been spending tlic winter in
Washington mostly?
"Answer, A part of it.
"Question. You are a brother-in-law of General
Butler?
"Answer. Iam. He married my sister.
'* Question. Are you acquainted with the property
at Fortress Monroe used for a soldiers' asylum?
"Answer. I have seen it.
" Question, You know that it is now being occupied
for a soldiers' asylum ?
"Answer. I suppose so. I have not been there since
during the war.
"Question. Were you there on duty during the
war ?
"Answer. I was not. I went down there two or
three times on matters of business. I had some
affairs at home of General Butler's.
"Question. Did you ever own this property?
"Answer. I held it. The legal title was in me.
*|Question. When did you receive the title?
"Answer. Some time during the past summer, I
think.
"Question. Can you give the date when you received
the deed precisely ?
'|Answer. I cannot.
"Question. Did you deed it to the board of man-
agers of the asylum ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Do you know when you deeded it ?
"Answer, I cannot give the date of the deed.
"Question. Ilow long after you received tho deed
yourself before you deeded it over to them?
"Answer. My impression would be, though I can-
not undertake to givcdatcs, that I leceived the deed
during the summer, and deeded it to them in the fall
or very early in the winter.
"Question, Can you by any means refresh your
recollection so a3 to be able to state what month
you received the deed?
" Ansioer. Not unless I could see the deed.
"Question. "Where were you when you received it ?
"Answer. In Lowell.
"Question.^"Was Congress in session ?
'^Answer, i cannot state positively thatitwas.
"Question. Was General. Butlbr at home at the
time you received it ?
"Answer. He was. I think I received the deed
from him at Lowell. That is my present recollec-
tion. I know I gave the deed at Lowell.
"Question, Where were you when you gave the
deed to the board of managers?
"Answer. In General Butler's office in Lowell. I
gave the deed to him.
"Question. That is, you handed it to him. It was
not made out in his name ?
"Answer. I handed it to him. It was made to the
asylum. I gave the paper into his custody.
"Question. Was that before the commencement of
this session of Congress ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
*| Question. Can you tell how long before ?
"(General Butler here produced the deed lefcried
to before the committee, bearing date October 17,
1870.)
"Question. Did you receive tho consideration of
that deed, $50,000 ?
"Answer. No, sir.
MQuestion. You have never received it?
/Answer. No, sir; I never received $50,000.
"Question. Did you receive anything?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. How much did you receiveforthe deed?
"Anaxoer. I advanced to General Butler 
"Question. How much did you receive ?
"Ansxoer. I received what Iliad advanced. I think
I had advanced altogether about twelve thousand
dollars, which General Butlkr repaid me.
"Question. The consideration for the place went
to him then, and he paid you ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I had made other advances to
General Butler.
"Question. But you received S12,000 at the time you
handed him the deed ?
Answer. No. I beliovelhad received a little of
it back from General Butler before that time. At
any rate, it was abhut the time. I received it at two
or three different;*kn,cs. I received his check for
five or six thousdtott-dollars: T received $2,500 in
money, and between-live and six thousand dollars
m money.
"Question. Did you draw thy money on that check?
Answer. I did.
