18-71-]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
41st Cong....3d Sess.
National Military Asylums—Mr. Farnsworth.
Ho. op Reps.
44 Question. That was at the tim c you gave th e deed ?
"Answer. No, sir; it was after I gave the deed.
" Question. Do you say you advanced $12,000 atone
ti m o ?
" Answer. No, sir; not all at one time.
"Question. Between what times?
'Mnswr Between May, when he wrote me from
here, and the time or immediately after the time of
jny giving the deed. I had advanced it before and*
received it between these times.
"Question. Received the letter from here; what
about?
"Answer. He wished to pledge his Hampton prop-
erty to mc for advance?."
44 By General Butler :
44 Question. Have you that letter?
"Answer. I have.
" Question. Please produce it."
(Witness laid before the committee the following
Washington", May 10,1870.
MyDeau Hii,dri:tii: I have occasion to borrow
some money of you, tor which I desire to pledge my
Hampton property in Virginia. You may be able to
reimburse yourself by a sale hereafter ; but whether
that is so or not, I thin kit will be good for the amount.
I will forward you the deed in a few days, and will
then make arrangements with you lor the money
when I can place the security.
Yours, truly, BENJAMIN F. BUTLER.
F\ A. Hildreth, esq.,)
"By Mr. Farxsworth:
" Question. How did you learn how much you were
to advance?
"Answer. I learned from him that he wanted
about, thirty-eight thousand dollars.
" Question. Hid he write agaiu on receipt of your
letter in answer to yours, or how did you learn?
"Answer. I learned fiom him athorne.
44 Question. After Congress adjouined?
44 Answer. \Tes, sir.
" Question. Then from May 10 until the middle of
July you heard nothing about it, and he then told
you how much he wanted? •
"Answer. I think that may be so. At the time he
came home he told me how much he wanted.
" Question. And then gave you the deed ?
44 Answer. 1 think it was then.
" Question. Upon making the deed did you give
him the advance?
"Answer. I think not. I do not remember the
specific time. I trusted the matter entirely to him. I
did not, so far as I was concerned myself, care any-
thing: about the deed at all.
"Question. You were ready to make the advance
upon his personal security ?
"Answer. I was; but it was rather his choice to
give the deed.
" Question. And you say that when he gave you the
deed you did not make any advance of money ?
"Answer. I am not certain; I would not be posi-
tive whether I did or not.
44 Question. Did you tell him you would not take
the deed ? B
"Answer. I think he had already made it. I told
him I cared nothing about it.
44 Question. Did you send it down for record ?p
"Answer. He had done that himself. He did all
th business. ,
44 Question. Did you ever receive that deed m your
possesion, and keep U in your possession? t
"Ansicer. I did not keep it. I think I received it.
" Question. It was shown to you and you gave it
back? .
"Answer. It was shown to me, and I think it was
already recorded. 1 would not be positive about
that. I paid very little attention to it. It was a
matter I cared very little about.
" Question. He got it recorded, then showed it to
you, butyou didnot keep it?
"Answer. I did not keeep it. I wouldnotsay posi-
tively that it had been recorded.
" Question. YTou made no advauceof, money at that
"Answer. I may have done. I do not think I did
at that time. , _ .
"Question. Did you make any advances from that
time to the time you deeded the land over to the
asjluin?
"Answer. Yes. I made advances to him amount-
ing to about twelve thousand dollars between the
time of that letter and the time I made the deed.
" Question. That was after the time you got the
deed ?
"Answer. Y"es. , , .
44 Question. Do you know what you made advances
for ?
4,^rins?yer. I do not know what ho wanted the
money for. , . .
"Question. And you do not know m how many
installments you made it?
"Answer. I think about three. .
"Question. How much at each time?
"Answer. I would not undertake to give the sums.
"Question. How did you make these advances ; by
your check?
"Answer. I think by my check or m cash.
"Question. Are you suic which ?
"Answer. Iam not; if I had the money in my
pocket I would give it to him ; ir I had not, I would
give him my chock.
"Question. Did any of the board of managers tell
you ikrv wanted to purchase this property before
you deeded it over?
"Answer. No, sir; I do not know that they did.
"Question. Did you have any conversation with
any of them, except General Butler, about it?
"Answer. No, sir ; I wrote a letter to Judge Bond,
I think, offering the property for sale. This was at
General Butles's suggestion.
"Question. Who answered that letter?
"Answer. I never received an answer.
" Question. It was laid before the board, as you
were informed, were you not?
"Answer. I suppose it was. I think General But-
lkr told me so.
" Question. And when you were told by General
Butler to make the deed you made it?
44 Answer. Yes, sir.
44 Question. And that is all you had to do with it?
"Ansioer. Yes, sir.
44 By Mr. Butler :
" Question. Up to the time you received the letter,
had you heard anything about the asylum having
anything to do with this property?
"Answer. I had not.
44 Question. After you received the deed, were you
and I in negotiations with the expectation of carry-
ing on some considerable purchases which might call
for money ?
"Answer. We were.
41 Question. "Was anything said to you when I gave
you the deed as to why it was given?
44Answer. You stated there might some difficulty
occur in regard to suits down there, and that you
would rather have it in the name of somebody else
than yourself."
I read now from the testimony of Mr. Clancy,
upon the same subject:
44 M. A. Clancy sworn and examined.
44By Mr. Negley:
"Question. State your residence and occupation.
"Answer. I reside in Washington; I am a clerk.
44 By Mr. Farxsworth :
'* Question. Do >ou hold any official relation to the
board of managers of the National Asylum lor Dis-
abled Soldiers?
"Answer. Not to the board of managers, but to the
president of the board of managers.
"Question. As such?
"Answer. As such.
"Question. What is your official relation?
"Ansicer. A clerk.
"Question. You are cleik to the president of the
board of managers?
"Answer. Yes.
"Question. As president of the board of managers?
"Answer. Thitis what I understand.
"Question. What salary do you receive ?
"Answer Fifteen hundred dollars.
"By Mr. Slocum :
"Question. Fifteen hundred dollars in thatcapa-
ciiy ?
"Answer. Yes.
44 By Mr. Farxsworth:
44Question. Were you in the Army?
"Answer. I was not.
Quezon. Do you know anything of the purchase
of property near Fortress Monroe for an asylum?
"Answer. Icannotsay that I know anything of
the purchase of the property in any definite way.
44 Question. What do you mean by a definite way?
"Answer. The time and place and the parties from
whom it was purchased.
** Question. Do you know the property?
"Answer. 1 have seen what I suppose to be the
property.
44 Question. When did you see it {
"Answer. I do not recollect exactly when; I think
it was in March or April last.
" Question. Was that before or subsequent to its
purchase?
"Answer. I think it was before.
44 Question. Who was with you when you saw it?
"Answer. Some of the members of the board of
managers of the National Asylum.
"Question. Who?
"Ansicer. General Martindale, General Cavender,
I think; General Osborn, Dr. Wolcott, and Judge
Bond; I think those were all.
"Bv Mr. Butler:
14 Question. Was not Governor Smyth there ?
"Answer. I believe he was.
44 Question. You say that you saw the board ol
managers at Fortress Monroe; state whether the
majority of the board resolved themselves into a
committee to go and examine that property, and
whether you attended them for the purpose ot acting
as clerk?
"Answer. That is my recollection.
44 By Mr. Slocum :
44 Question. As secretary of the committee ?
44 Answer. Yes.
" By Mr. Butler :
44 Question. Did the board come to any resolution
xvpon the question while it was down there exam-
ining the property?
"Answer. In no formal way that I know of.
44 Question. So that there wore no proceedings to
There were no proceedings to record.
44 Question. The president of the board did not go
down with that committee?
" uIh&mw. Ho did not.
41 Question. 'Was that at a time when Congress was
in session
"Answer. I think it was.
"By Mr. Farnsworth:
" Question. I ask you from whom you first heard of
the pioperty ?
"Answer. I do not know from whom,
" Question. Do you recollect when you first heard
mention of that property as being tor sale.
44 Answer. I do not know thatl can state it. I do
not remember of whom, nor when I heard it. I do
not know that I ever heard itmentioned by any one
as being for sale?)
44Question. You did not see the proprietor of the
property ?
44 Answer. Not to know him.
44 Question. Do you know of the president of the
board of managers of the National Asylum owning
any property at Fortress Monroe?
"Ansioer. I do not."
Several things are very noticeable from the
foregoing testimony.
1. The Fortress Monroe property was offered
to the board of managers, and they all but
Butler went down to look at it in March or
April, 1870, 4< when Congress was in session,"
and Clancy, Butler's clerk, was sent down
with them ; for Butler himself swears as fol-
lows :
"Question. Who selected the ground at Fortress
Monroe?
"Answer. The whole board, with one exception;
that was the president, who was in Congress and
could not go down.
"Question. Who suggested that property to the
board ?
"Answer. The president and General Lawton, who
had been a sick officer."
And Clancy swears that he was down with
them, and that it was in March or April, while
Congress was in session. He also swears that
he did not know who was the owner of the
property, and "did not see him to know him."
Butler's first proposition to deed the prop-
erty to his brother-in-law was dated May 10,
1870, and he did not show him the deed until
after the adjournment of Congress. Yet both
Butler and Hildreth swear that nothing had
been said or thought of selling the property
for the asylum until after the deed from Butler
to Hildreth ; that they were thinking of selling
it for a hotel at that time. How easy is truth !
How difficult is falsehood! Here is deliberate
false swearing. Hildreth may not have known
that the scheme of selling it to the asylum was
already partly executed. His brother-in-law
has no such excuse. Again, Butler swears
Hildreth received the money ; Hildreth swears
Butler received it. Butler swears that Hil-
dreth advanced money for him for a matter in
which they were both interested. Hildreth
swears he did not know what Butler wanted
the money for, and so on through this chapter
of perjury. The whole transaction with Hil-
dreth was a sham, and finally they changed
pretenses, and Hildreth at last is made to swear
that the deed to him was given because Butler
was afraid of suits being brought against him.
The real object of the conveyance to Hildreth
was that the public should not know that this
officer of the asylum was buying his own prop-
erty at an exorbitant price. As to this man
Hildreth, and as showing the kind of business
transactions he has had with his brother-in-law
heretofore, reference may be made to the report
of Hon, E. B. Washburne, from the Committee
on Commerce, Thirty-Eighth Congress, and the
testi mony of Genera! George H. Gordon therein
given upon the subject of trade with the rebels,
&c., at the time Butler was in command of
the department of Virginia, and about the time
he made his first purchase of the Fortress
Monroe property, an extract from which I will
read:
44Mr. E. B. Washburne, from the Committee on
Commerce, made the following report: "
4- * +
Extract from testimony.
"General George H. Gordon sworn.
"By Mr. "R. B. Washburne:
"Question. Pieasc state your residence, and the
position you occupy.
'VU^re>\ I am residing at Norfolk, v inrmio, and
am in command of the eastern district of Virginia.
"Question, llow long have you been here
''Annuel. 1 have been engaged here as president of a
military commission oidered on the 19thol January,
