1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
41st Gong....3d Sess.
Swamp-Land Swindles—Mr. Julian.
Ho. op Reps.
hands belonging to the asylum. He then shifts
it into the hands of his convenient brother-
in-law, Hildreth, and purchases it again for
$50,000. An attempt is made to show that
the property was worth that amount; butTabb
swears that everybody lost money upon it but
Butler, and it is very evident that its value was
fictitious, fanciful, not real, 44 what it would
fetch," as is said.
As to the management of the asylum but
little evidence was taken. One important
fact, however, appears, that many of the offi-
cials were not "disabled," as the law requires,
but are the retainers of the president-treasurer.
Among them appears one Benjamin D. Whit-
ney, an extract from whose testimony I read:
"Benjamin D. Whitney sworn and examined.
"By Mr. Fabxswobth:
44 Qwxtioa. State your residence and occupation.
Answer. I reside in Washington; I am a clerk.
"Question. How long have you lived in Washing-
ton?
"Answer. Four years.
" Question. In what employment?
"Answer. As a clerk.
" Question. For whom?
"Answer. In the office of General Butler, and
sometimes as clerk to corporations, the Market-
House Company, for instance. In the absence of
General Butler and his clerk, during the intervals
of sessions of Congress, I represent the National
Asylum, so far as giving transportation and examin-
ing soldiers.
" Question. And you are now clerk to the Market-
House Company?
"Ajiswer. Yes, sir.
" Quest n> a. Anything else?
"lytwer. Not to speak of.
" Question Anything else not to speak of?
"Answer. No, sir.
*' Question. Is your only connection with the board
of managers of the National Asylum what you have
stated it to be in the absence of Mr. Clancy ?
"Answer. Precisely. I have to examine the thou-
sand applicants that call at General Butler's office
in the course of the year. The examination is as to
their fitness to be forwarded to the asylum.
" Question. What is your other business?
"Answer. I represent at this present momentsome
twenty cases before the Mexican commission, in-
volving very large amounts and requiring a great
deal of clerical labor.
44 Quest ion. Do you represent them as an attorney ?
"Answer. No, sir; I am a clerk.
44 Question. Do you act as attorney?
"Answer. As attorney in fact simply.
"Question. For whom?
41 Answer. For the various claimants, my constit-
uents."
As showing who Whitney is, and the rela-
tions existing between him and Butler, I will
read an extract from a cross-bill sworn to by
Horatio Ames, a very excellent and truthful
man, a brother of Oliver Ames, in a suit still
pending in the courts of this District, premis-
ing, by way of explanation, that at the last
session of Congress a bill was passed to pay
Horatio Ames some seventy-odd thousand dol-
lars for a claim he had for furnishing guns
to the Navy Department. It seems that Gen-
eral Dyer had opposed Ames, as was supposed,
and a joint committee of which Butler was a
member had been investigating Dyer. Now,
after the passage of the appropriation bill
which allowed Ames's claim Whitney filed a
bill against Ames in which he alleged that
Ames had agreed to pay him $5,009 for his
services in getting the bill allowed, and asking
the court to restrain Ames from drawing his
money from the Treasury until he paid him
(Whitney) this $5,000. The injunction was
refused; Ames answered, and also filed this
cross-bill, from which I read, and which was
sworn to by him:
"And your orator furfhersho weth that as a member
of said Committee on Ordnnnce, Benjamin But-
ler had become familiar with all the circumstances
and tacts in connection with said business of your
orator, and the business of the said other persons
so unjustly discriminated against, as aforesaid; and
that shortly alter the submission of said charges
ol conspiracy to the Congress of the United States,
to wit, January 13, A. D.1870. your orator called at
the office of said Butler, in the city of Washington,
for the purpose of consultation, and was then and
there informed by Benjamin D. Whitney, the com-
plainant in the original bill filed in this cause, and
the confidential agent and clerk of the said Butler,
of a desire and disposition on the part of the said Dyer
to effect an amicable arrangement through his prin-
cipal, the said Benjamin F. Butler, with all the per-
sons making charges or complaints against him; and
that for the sum of $5,000 he, the said Butler, would
undertake to secure the withdrawal of all opposition
by the said Dyer to the payment ofthe claim of your
orator, under his said contract, and that he would
procure, through the said Dyer, the receipt, experi-
mental test, and sale, by and to the United States, of
the said three additional cannon 4steel cores,' in
accordance with the original expectation of your ora-
tor; provided, nevertheless, that your orator would
abandon and cause to be withdrawn from the Con-
gress thesaid charge of conspiracy.
"Your orator further showetb, that, being much
embarrassed by the non-payment of his said claim
under said contract, and anxious to have carried
out the said original understanding respecting the
three additional cannon referred to, as well, also,
to terminate the said unjust resistance to the legiti-
mate prosecution of his said business, your orator
signified to the said Whitney a willingness to accept
the said proposal for an amicable arrangement
through the said Butler as aforesaid- that there-
upon thesaid Whitney made the written memoran-
dum set out in the original bill, wherein he inserted
his own name as and for that of the said Butler,
and requiring a present payment of 8250 on account
of thesaid $5,000, as "earnest money,v promising,
however, and engaging that the said $250 should be
returned to your orator if the suidamieable arrange-
ment was not carried out and accomplished in every
particular.
"And your orator avers and charges that although
in said memorandum Benjamin D. Whitney appears
to be the party contracting with your orator, yet the
real party thereto was Benjamin F. Butler, the said
Whitney acting merely as his confidential clerk, and
the said Butler not wishing to appear therein on
account of his official capacity as a member of
Congress."
Whitney was examined under oath in the
case, and of course swore that he had no au-
thority to sell Butler in that way, and that
he did so to deceive Ames. Whitney is still
continued in Butler's and in the asylum's
employment.
Mr. Speaker, I have given a substantial
statement of the material facts as shown by
the testimony. The investigation, as is seen,
was not what it should have been. Indeed, it
can scarcely be called an investigation at all ;
and yet it has shown enough, it seems to me,
to require no further comment.
We have heard, Mr. Speaker, of men steal-
ing the livery of Heaven to serve the devil in,
which used to be thought the very climax of
wickedness, but until now we never have seen
a man steal the garb of the angel of charity
and mount upon the wooden crutches of the
crippled and maimed defenders of the nation's
life that he might, unchallenged, gorge him-
self with plunder from the nation's Treasury.
Swamp-Land Swindles.
SPEECH OF HON. GEORGE W. JULIAN,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1871,
On the bill (H. R. No. 1450) defining swamp and
overflowed lands.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, the acts of
Congress respecting swamp and overflowed
lands constitute one of the most remarkable
and curious chapters in the entire history of
our national legtslation. On another occasion
I have referred briefly to the frightful mal-
administration of these laws both by Federal
and State officials; but the methods employed
to secure their enactment were quite as mis-
taken, not to say reprehensible, as the policy
by which their letter and spirit have been so
grossly perverted.
I was in Congress when the act of 1850 was
passed, and have not forgotten the facts and
circumstances which influenced its enactment.
It was then urged that the entire aggregate of
such lands would not exceed six or seven mil-
lion acres; but the Government has^ already
certified over to the States more than sixty mil-
lions, whiie over forty-five millions have been
patented, being nearly double the entire amount
thus far patented to railroads. It was said
that these swamp lands, which were then sup-
posed to be located mainly in the South, would
be used in repairing the levees of the Missis-
sippi, and in rendering that section of our
country healthy and salubrious by draining off
the water ; but while the levees have not, been
built, nor the country rendered healthy by
drainage, millions of acres of dry and excel-
lent land have been bought from the States as
swamp, at prices next to nothing, through the
machinery of the swamp-land' laws, and are
held as great monopolies to-day by men who
will neither sell the land to those who want
homes nor till it themselves.
It was said that no difficulty could arise in
distinguishing swamp and overflowed from
dry lands, because the field-notes ofthe Gov-
ernment surveys would settle that question.
But this assertion was based upon the extremely
violent presumption that Government survey-
ors would prove to be honest and incorruptible
men, who would not take bribes from thieves.
It was argued that these lauds were of little
value, and that while the States could turn
them to some good account, the General Gov-
ernment could not afford the expense of re-
claiming them. But we know that they are
among the most valuable lands owned by the
nation, that the cost of reclaiming them is
scarcely so great as that of reclaiming other
lands, and that the machinery of the General
Land Office, available to individual energy
and enterprise, was exactly the thing needed.
These are some of the false pretenses by which
the passage of the act of 1850 was secured;
and it was the desire to stay the deadly and
fearfully increasing ravages of monopolists
under the forms of this law that prompted me
to introduce my bill of last session, defining
swamp and overflowed lands.
Mr. Speaker, 1 sincerely regret the final fail-
ure of this Congress to pass that bill, or some
other containing its essential features. It failed
in July last, chiefly through unexpected oppo-
sition from the State of California, which had
more interest in its passage than any half dozen
States of the Union combined. It was post-
poned till the present session, and made the
special order for the 21st of last December;
but we only reached it once in the regular order,
and then, under the advice of its leading friends,
I agreed to its postponement till the 1st of
February, in order to obtain further and valu-
able information affecting it from the State of
California. It could never be reached after-
ward till to-day, on a motion to suspend the
rules and pass it, on which the vote stood yeas
97, nays 60, wanting only a change of eight
votes to have carried the measure, and demon-
strating the certainty of its passage in the new
Congress. The following is the bill as finally
modified, and on which the vote was given:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That all selections of swamp and overflowed
lands heretofore made and reported to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, so far as the same
remain undisposed of by patent or by statute con-
firmation, which are shown in the greater part of
each smallest legal subdivision not to be swamp and
overflowed to such an extent as to render them unfit
for cultivation in their natural condition at any
period of the year, or which may be valuable for
grazing or other agricultural purposes, without rec-
lamation, shall be excluded from patent as swamp,
and restored to the public domain by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That where selec-
tions of swamp lands may hereafter be made, under
any act of Congress heretofore enacted, the actual
condition of the lands thus selected, at the date of
selection, and at all times of the year preceding
their selection, must be shown by the testimony ot
at least three credible and disinterested witnesses
under oath. , ,
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted* 1 nat wticre lands
selected as swamp, or which may Hereafter be se-
lected as swamp, are disposed of under any law of
the United States, or to which any adverse right
may be attached under any law of the United States
prior to the issuing of paten tunder the swamp grant,
such disposition shall be considered as prima facie
establishing the arable condition of the lands dis-
posed of as aforesaid, and they shall be accordingly
