286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
.Swamp-Land Swindles—Mr. JvMan.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
rejected slsswamp and stricken from the swamplists:
Provided, That such disposition shall not preclude
the investigation hereinafter provided for, unless the
lands have been patented.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That to enable
the Commissioner of the General Land Office the
better to carry out the objects of this act, he is hereby
authorized, whenever in his judgment it is deemed
necessary, or on the application of parties desiring
the same, upon satisfactory showing that the same
is necessary, to order investigations respecting the
character of lands alleged to be swamp, which in-
vestigations shall be at the expense of the parties
making the application.
St:C. 5. A rut he it further enacted, That all questions
or controversies respecting the true character of
lands which may be claimed as swamp arid overflowed
shall be heard before the register andreceiver of the
properiand office, subject to the right of appeal to
the General Land Office, and not as hitherto by the
surveyor general; and such register and receiver
shall have power to compel the attendance of wit-
nesses by process in the same manner as witnesses
are compelled to attend upon courts of record in
these and other land contests : Provided, That noth-
ing contained in this act shall be construed to abro-
gate any right conferred by the act entitled "An act
to quiot land titles in California," approved July 23,
ISM.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, Thatthisactshall
not apply to any lands which may have been sold to
actual settlers prior to the passage of this act by any
State of the Union as swamp and overflowed lands,
but all such lands shall be patented to tho respective
Htntef; and when lands have been listed to any State
as swamp lands, and have been purchased of said
State, a patent shall issue for said lands to said State
for the benefit of said purchasers: Provided, That
when the amount sold to any settler or purchaser shall
exceed six hundred and forty acres, the excess over
such amount shall bo subject to tho provisions of
this act; And provided farther. That nothing herein
contained shall authorize or legalize the sale of any
lands to which any valid preemption or homostcad
right has heretofore attached.
Mr. Speaker, the main features of this bill
can scarcely fail to commend themselves at
once to all who comprehend the mischiefs to
be remedied. The first section gives a defini-
tion of swamp and overflowed land, and will
thus prevent the monstrous abuses which pre-
vail in the execution of the act of 1850, and
subsequent laws. In a single land district in
the State of California one hundred thousand
acres are claimed as swamp, situate on tho
Sierra Nevada mountains, some live to six
thousand feet above tide-water, much of which
can only be made profitable for agriculture or
grazing by irrigration, and on which many set-
tlers underthe preemption laws have resided in
good faith for years, making lasting and costly
improvements without ever dreaming of so
matchless a feat of rascality and robbery as the
attempt to appropriate these mountain homes
as swamp and overflowed. And yet these very
settlers are being driven from their homes by
these swamp-land rings of the Stale. The work
is in full blast to-day, through the power of
these rings over her Legislature, and the Fed-
eral.and State officers having the business in
charge. I marvel greatly that the Representa-
tives of California in Congress, who are aware
of these high-handed outrages, and reside in
their midst, have not long since sought to pro-
tect their constituents in their lights, as honest
settlers, against the Vandals who have thus
invaded the sanctity of their homes; but I am
glad to find one of the delegation [Mr. Saroent]
now thoroughly aroused 011 the subject. I have
mentioned, as an illustration, only one land
district in California; but in other districts in
that State, and in other States of the Union,
the necessity for a legal definition of swamp
lands is pressing and imperative.
Sections two, three, and four provide new
guards for the rights of settlers, shown to be
necessary by the mischiefs of the old law as
heretofore administered ; but the most valu-
able feature of the bill, save the first section,
is contained in section five, providing that all
controversies respecting the true character of
lands claimed as swamp and overflowed shall
be heard before the register and receiver of
the local land office, subject to the right of
appeal to the Oeneral Land Office, and not as
hitherto by the surveyor general; arming said
officers with the power to compel the attend-
ance of witnesses as in other land contests.
This provision is vital. The surveyor general
is not a judicial officer. He has no power to
compel the attendance of witnesses, or even
to swear them when they appear. He is gen-
erally engrossed, if not overwhelmed, with his
own proper duties. His office may be hun-
dreds of miles from the land in dispute, and
he may appoint the hearing at such a season
of the year as to render it next to impossible
for the poor settler to attend with his witnesses,
or it may be in the midst of a general freshet,
when no man can tell swamp from dry laud.
The constructive notice to the settler by pub-
lication in some newspaper, as now required
by law, may never reach him, and while the
surveyor general, as too often happens, may be
the graceless stipendiary of the monopolists,
who are on the ground with their perjured wit-
nesses, their victim is summarily turned out
of house and home. Section five will put an
end to these outrages.
The proviso to tho section, that nothing
in the act shall be construed to abrogate any
right conferred by the act of July 20, 186G, to
quiet land titles in California, I agreed to add,
after much hesitation, and by way of com-
promise. That act should never have become
a law. California was admitted into the Union
on the express condition that she "should
never interfere with the primary disposal of
the public lands" within her borders. She
violated this injunction and defied Congress
by setting up a land system of her own, and
assuming the authority to deal with the public
lands on her own responsibility. The five
hundred thousand acres given her by the Gen-
eral Government for internal improvements
she appropriated for educational purposes,
issuing school warrants to settlers, who were
allowed to go on to the lands before they were
surveyed and segregated, in violation of the
laws of Congress. She paid no attention to
■the swamp land act of 1850 till the year 1801,
when her Legislature provided for the survey
of all the swamp lands of tho State, prescrib-
ing such loose methods of testing the question
of what is swamp land that many thousands
of acres of dry land were included in her
claim. Settlers under the preemption law who
could take only one hundred and sixty acres,
and are required by that law to live on it, were
driven out or excluded from the rich valleys
of the State by swamp-land monopolists, who
could obtain a State title to three hundred
and twenty acres without occupancy, as they
can now do for an unlimited amount. The
act to grant land titles was passed, among
other things, for the purpose of confirming
the work of organized spoliation carried on
by State usurpation at the expense o'f honest
settlers and the rights of the Government. In
its leading features it was a vicious and inex-
cusable surrender to the demands of private
rapacity in the name of State rights. It em-
bodied the mischievous provision already
referred to as to the jurisdiction of the sur-
veyor general in disputed cases, and was lob-
bied through Congress by some of the delect-
able spirits now engaged in the wholesale
appropriation of the homes of settlers, whose
conduct I shall have further occasion to notice.
It^ was conceived in the lust for plunder,
midwifed by thieves and their minions, and
has left its foot-prints in the wrongs and
wretchedness it has entailed upon the State.
Being anxious, however, to pass this hill, and
to conciliate opposition to it, and knowing
that the effort to unravel the tangled skein of
California land titles must cease at some time,
I agreed to embody the proviso referred to.
The last section of the bill, as will he seen,
is a compromise between the absolute repu-
diation of the act of 1850, and the rights
of purchasers under State law in good faith.
The question it deals with is a complicated
one, and the demands of justice cannot be
perfectly secured ; but after careful consider-
ation and the comparison of conflicting views
the section is believed to embody the best
attainable adjustment of the perplexing prob-
lem involved.
And now, Mr. Speaker, turning from the
particular features of the bill, 1 come to the
general subject. I have already referred to
California as the chief theater of spoliation by
swamp-land thieves; and I propose to illus-
trate the truth of this by editorials from the
leading newspapers of the State. In doing
this I shall supply the strongest arguments ia
favor of the pending bill, while meeting the
arguments of the "ring'' at every point and
in every phase. Let me add further, that the
editors of the Alta and the Sacramento Union
have traveled extensively over the State, and
are among the very best informed men in it
respecting the whole subject of which they
write. I quote from late issues, and first from
the Alta:
_ " Kywamp Land Matters Once More.—There is a per-
sistent attempt on the part of some interested per-
sons to cloud the discussion of this most important
question: first, by lugging in the railroad monopoly
bugbear, and, second, by setting up the State as an
interested party in the case. The whole question
maybe broadly stated thus- the United States Gov-
ernment, by the act of September 20, 1850, gave to
the Stato of California certain lauds described and
known as swamp and overflowed lands. In 1861, tlio
State having exceeded in its selections the bounda-
ries of those grants. Congress, by another act, liber-
ally confirmed all those selections to the Stato. Act-
ing upon the presumption that another haul could
be made from an easy-going Congress, certain spec-
ulators went to work, through the Stato land office,
and laid claim to large tracts of land, improved and
unimproved, which were liable to overilow when the
snows melted in the spring. These lands were mostly
in the small pastoral valleys in the mountains, such
as are described in a communication from American
valley, printed in another pari of the Alta to-day.
"Now, nobody pretends that tho State had any
right, title, or interest in these so-called swamp
lands. Such lands were exhausted in 1801, and, as
was shown in the Alta the other day. the State of
California is expressly prohibited bylaw from dis-
posing of lands 'for which it has not received title
from tho United States.' Yet in the face of this
plain provision of law speculators have laid claims
to farms of settlers who have improved large tracts
of land, are in peaceable possession, and expecting
and intending to procure title, in due time, from the
United States Government. These harpies, by the
connivance of dishonest officials, have trumped up
a title through the State, under the pretense that
these arable and improved lands are swamp, and as
such ought to be listed to tho State. But they have
never been so certified to the State; the State has
no more right to receive money for them than she
has to deed away lands in Arizona or Texas. The
claim of the speculators that these are State lands
is utterly false and fraudulent, and they know it.
" And to excite popular prejudice in favor of these
land-grabbers, who are trying to steal away men's
homes, it is said that if they do not get them the
railroad companies will. In reply to this we'have
only to say that, the great bulk of the lands thus in
dispute are far from any possibleselection which can
be made by the railroad companies, As between
the two classes of land monopolists, the State swamp
land ring and the Pacific Railroad Company, there
may not be much choice, but our choice is for tho
settler now in possession, who has rights in equity
supeiior to either. It is a very poor argument in
dotense of a downright theft to say that if it is not
consummated a corporation which certainly has legal
and natural rights of existence will come into pos-
session of the covcted object. But this is all irrel-
evant. The^ settlers who occupy and hold these
lands are of more value to the Statethan ahordeof
speculators who are attempting to take ther- lands
underfaUe pretenses. The Morning Call, the other
day, with comical self-conceit, attempted to say some-
thing about this question of which it knows nothing,
and produced the following precious moroeau.-
"'The position taken by the Call, condemnatory
of the interpretation of the Julian bill, and of the
attempt to disturb the rule of determination wbuh
has for a number of years been concurred in for the
selection of these lands* has b en quite generously
indorsed by our exchanges published in the agucul-
tural counties. Better let the subject alone so fur
as it relates to the actual settler.'
"We know nothing of any position taken bv the
Call; never supposed it had any; but so f.tr tho
interior press ol this State is concerned, it is in favor
of Julian s bill, with some amendments. And, more-
over, that bill is the only thing which proposes tu let
the actual settlers alone. The speculators are in
favor or gobbling the so-called swamp land under
the old rule of determination'—Ileaven save tho
mark 1 and all the land-grabbers ask is to be ' let
alone, "
