290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. oi? KEPS.
Claims of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio—Mr. Marshall.
41st Cong....3d.Sess.
until they "were told so by parties who took pains to
call on them during the wet season.
GEORGE WOOD.
Subscribed and sworn to before me the 4th day of
November, A. D. 1870.
fT e WILLIAM CAIN,
^ S*J Notary Public.
, So much for settlers in the Sierra Nevada
mountains, and the land robbers on their track.
I have already referred to the untrustworthy
proceedings of Government surveyors and dep-
uty surveyors respecting these swamp land con-
troversies, and the power of the monopolists
over them. In illustration of this, I invite
attention to the following affidavits :
Woodbridge, San Joaquin County,
State of Californa, January 14,1871.
We, the undersigned settlers upon sections three
and ten, township four north, range five east, Mount
X>iablo meridian, on or about the 1st of March, 1864,
paid to H. P. Handy,United States deputy surveyor,
who was also county surveyor for San Joaquin eounty,
one half of $450, the balance of the money being paid
to Handy in our presence. After receiving the
money, and before completing the work, Handy
informed us that he had determined to make more
money out of that survey than the Government
price of surveying the ^ land, that for $100 more he
would run the segregating line to suit the parties
who had paid for tho survey, they being confident
that their land was Government land and suitable
for agricultural purposes without any reclamation.
We refused to pay any more money.
H. P. Handy, failing to receivo a bribe from the
Government claimants, appointed S.C. Holman, who
was at the time swamp land ongineer for tho district
in whioh this iandissituated, to run tho segregating
line.
We know that the land in soctions three, four,
ten, and eleven was successfully cultivated in grain
for a nuinoer of years prior to the survey of Handy
or the building of any levees in the above township.
We can establish the fact by a large number of wit-
nesses that tho land is dry, arablo land, and was on
the 28th of September. 1850.
Subscribed and sworn to before mo this 14th day
of January, 1871.
AUG. MUNTES.
[Seal of court.] By Gkorre Tlh0%Zt fc.
One more testimony I offer, i elating to lands
on the Sacramento river, where some twenty-odd
thousand acres are claimed as swamp. Note
what the settler says in the following letter:
Knight's Landing.
Yolo County, Cauforni a, January23,1871.
Bear Sir: Wo sottlers havo a hard time with tho
swiimp-land speculators in this country; they ap-
pear to want all, and give an actual settlor no
chanco whatever. Some of my neighbor farmers
and myself have been living on our farms ten and
fifteen years; have entered thorn as Government
land, and got patents for them; and now a party has
commenced suit against us for our land, claiming it
as State land, I think it is timo that we should
have a law passed for tho protection of the actual
settler. Your bill is what wo want. This swamp-
land swindle in this State is ahead of anything.
They are claiming millions of acres of the best land
In the State. There should bo some law to stop it at
once. My place is three miles southeast of Knight's
Landing, on the Saoramento river, in township
eleven, range two east. Mount Diablo base and
meridian, northeast quarter section thirty-six and
southeast auarter of soction twenty-five. It was
surveyed by the Government, and returned in 1864
as Government land; was entered, and is now pat-
ented; and still a man tiles on it as swamp and drags
mo into suit with him. And thcro are other eases
of the satno kind hero. You wilt ploase excuse mo
for taking the iiborty of writing to one I havo no
personal acquaintanco with, but whom I believe to
oe a friend. If not too much trouble to you, please
answer,
Yours truly, b. ii. ROSEBERRY.
Mr. Julian.
Can audacity and thieving go further? Lands
actually patented by the United States are thus
seized by these graceless miscreants, under
State law, who hurl from their homes peace-
able and law-abiding citizens who look in vain
to the national Government for help. At least
one half the entire aggregate of lands claimed
as swamp in the State of California are not of
that character, and have thus been snatched
from the actual settler under the laws of the
United States ; and while the christless crew
at whose bidding this has been done have been
urging upon Congress the passage of a law for-
bidding the purchase from the General Gov-
ernment of more than one hundred and sixty
acres by one person, they have prevailed on
the Legislature to remove all limitation as to
the amount which may be purchased from the
State.
But enough. In the light of the facts I have
presented what more need be said? If it shall
be urged that these speculators have purchased
from the State in good faith, I ask, in the lan-
guage of the Oakland (California) Daily News,
"how can an individual obtain in good faith
that which he is intelligently helping to steal?
They know the import of the donation act,
and that certain lands, being dry and adapted
for cultivation, are not recited therein. Never-
theless, they conspire with State authorities,
purchase the lands for the hundredth part of
their value, defraud the Government, run the
settler off what is actually preemption land,
and are thieves and robbers, who deserve to
be shot like any other lawless marauders."
Mr. Speaker, what I have said on this ques-
tion constitutes my last word in the Forty-
First Congress. Most gladly would I make it
heard by the whole people of these States,
and thus invite them to the duties of the hour.
The Government cannot afford to stand by and
see its own defenseless citizens trampled down
by wealth and power. The unjust thing, in the
long run, cannot prosper. Retribution inev-
itably follows wrong-doing, whether by indi-
viduals or nations; and if it be true that that
Government is best in which a wrong done to
its humblest citizen is felt as an insult to the
State, then the facts I have presented summon
every friend of his country to its rescue. The
true mission of law is the protection of the
weak and the helpless against the strong. In
theory, ours is a Government of the whole
people, founded' on the principle of equal
rights and common opportunities, and it can
only be made enduring by reducing that theory
to practice.
Claims of Illinois, Indiana, and Oliio.
REMARKS OF HON. S. S. MARSHALL,
01' illinois,
In the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1871.
The House having under consideration the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 379) to declare tho true intent
and meaning of the second section of the act ap-
proved March 3, 1857, entitled "An act to settle cer-
tain accounts between the United States and the
State of Mississippi and other States "—
Mr. MARSHALL said :
Mr. Speaker : I have no desire to speak
upon this question merely for the purpose of
speaking, and therefore I desire the attention
of the House. I would have preferred that
those gentlemen who have given more atten-
tion to this case than I have should have made
the explanation. But, sir, this is a simple
debt owing by the United States to the Siates
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. It is not a
petition for a favor. When those States were
admitted into the Union there were compacts
entered into between the United States and
those States that the public lands belonging to
the Federal Government within the limits of
these States should not be taxed for five years
after they were entered or purchased by settlers
or other persons from the Federal Government.
The States agreed to refrain from the exercise
of the right which belongs to them to tax these
lands. They gave a quid pro quo, a full con-
sideration, more in fact than they will have
received when the sums now claimed are paid
to them. They have faithfully observed their
compact. The United States, in consideration
of this action, agreed to give them five per
cent, of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands in those States. I have not time here to
enter into the particulars of this stipulation.
The United States have paid to those States
three fifths of this five per cent.; two per cent,
has never been paid to cither one of them. It
is a debt which is now due to them, which has
never been paid, for which no consideration
has been given.
I am aware that it has been contended that
this claim was liquidated by the money ex-
pended in these States for the building of the
Cumberland road; but that was in no sense an
execution of the contract or trust on the part
of the Federal Government, and it was not so
understood at the time the act was passed for
the building of the Cumberland road. That
road was built through the States of Pennsyl-
vania, Virginia, and Maryland, in which the
Federal Government never owned any public
lands, and for which there is no pretense that
a consideration was evergiven by those States,
and there has been no attempt on the part of
the Federal Government to set up any claim
against them on account of the expenditure of
that money. It was merely a great national
undertaking, deemed at that time to be im-
portant to open up communication between
the Atlantic States and the Mississippi valley.
After prosecuting that work for some time
the enterprise was abandoned, and the road
unfinished and of very little value to the west-
ern States, was ceded to the States in which
the work was done, and the small unfinished
portion.of it which had been constructed in
Illinois was ceded to that State, although there
has never been any act of the State accepting
the cession, and it lies there now, rather an
incumbrance than a benefit to the section of
the State in which the work was done.
But, sir, the construction of that ro&d was
no execution of the contract on the part of the
Federal Government. There is no act of Con-
gress or of the Federal Government that shows
that such was the purpose in commencing the
building of the Cumberland road, and there is
no justice and no equity in attempting to bring
that up as an offset against this just and valid
claim of these States. This five per ceut. has
been paid to all the other States in which the
Federal Government has owned the public
lands. It was paid to Alabama, to Mississippi,
and to Missouri, and in each and every one
of those other States in which the Federal
Government owned the lands it has been paid
or is in process of payment, and in many of
them without exacting the hard conditions of
an exemption of the lands from taxation as a
compensation for this undertaking on the part
of the Government.
Now, I ask this House what there is in the
record of the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois that a discrimination should be made
against them. They pay a very large propor-
tion of the taxes that are paid for the support
of this Government under your internal reve-
nue system. They are States that have always
been loyal and true to the Government. They
come here and ask no favor. They ask noth-
ing but the execution of the contract entered
into on the part of the Federal Government,
and for which the Government has received a
good and valuable consideration. These States
refrained from taxing these lands, not only
during the time they belonged to the Federal
Government, but for five years thereafter, and
that, too, in their infancy, and when tliey were
sorely in need of this revenue ; and if they had
levied taxes upon them, as they would have
had a right to do if no such contract existed,
they would have raised more money than that
now due them, or indeed than the whole amount
promised them. It was a contract favorable
to the Federal Government, and it is disgrace-
ful to it that there should be any hesitation in
a prompt and full compliance. We ask, as an
act of simple justice on the part of the Federal
Government, that it shall execute its contract,
for which, I repeat, it received full considera-
tion many years ago.
