mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Repeal of Test-Oath—Mr. Porter.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I wish to inquire how
much money has been paid by the Government
for the Cumberland road?
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not know. A large
part of the money was expended in those States
that had no public lands. The Government
did not undertake the work 011 the ground that
il, was a fulfillment of this compact. It was not
so considered when the act was passed for the
building of the Cumberland road, and if it had
been, the road was not completed, and the trust
was in no just sense executed.
I regret that I have no time to explain this
matter fully as it should be done. There
should be no hesitation on the part of the
House in passing this resolution promptly.
We. are asking for no gratuity. We are de-
manding the execution of a contract for which
we long ago paid a good, valuable, and full
consideration. We are asking for justice, too
long deferred. This sum may seem large to
members; but it was withheld from these States
when they were in their infancy and were sorely
in need of it. They are now the very heart of
our magnificent system and the strength of
our Government in peace and in war. Under
your various systems of taxation they now pay
into your Treasury, directly or indirectly, each
week in the year a larger sum than the aggre-
gate of what would be paid out under this
resolution. Surely this House will not deny
to such States, and under such circumstances,
an act of such palpable, manifest justice.
Repeal of Test-Oath.
SPEECH OF HON. C. H. PORTER,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House op Representatives,
February 1, 1871.
The House having under consideration the joint
resolution (S. It. No. 218) prescribing anoath of office
to be taken by persons who participated in the late
rebellion, but who are not disqualified from holding
office by the fourteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States—
Mr. PORTER said:
Mr. Speakkr: Yesterday the member from
New York, [Mr. Cox,] in discussing this bill,
said:
"The gentleman from Massachusetts shows him-
self on the march toward a general spirit of kindness
and amnesty when he becomes the organ of the com-
mittee to present this bill here. But I do not believe,
from what I have heard from him, that be has that
ungentle spirit this afternoon exhibited by this mem
ber from Richmond, Virginia."
No one can fail to observe the discourtesy
implied in this remark by the member from
the sixth district of the State of New York.
He may properly refer to me as the member
from Virginia, but he oversteps the parlia-
mentary rules which obtain here when he
designates me as "this member from Rich-
mond, Virginia." He may continue, however,
in thus designating me on this floor. It will
tend to uniformity, for it will certainly be more
consonant, to-my feelings to refer to him as
this member from New York city, if not as
this member from the sixth district, than in
the form which has usually obtained here. But
I desire to say to the member from_ the sixth
district of New York—I trust it is not the
"bloody sixth ward"—that, if he wishes to
keep up this kind of warfare, I will simply
remind him that there are blows to give as
well as to receive.
Now, in regard to the subject generally, the
member from New York said :
"The gentleman from Massachusetts shows him-
self on the march toward a general spirit of kindness
and amnesty when he becomes the organ of the com-
mittee to present this bill here."
Those who carelessly listened to this state-
ment would infer that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] was in favor of
this bill; and yet in presenting it he said,
Upon it I express no opinion." The member
from New York says:
" Let us crush out this multiplication of oaths, espe-
cially as bills like this are calculated to bring into
official positions a better class of men who will act
more in harmony with the spirit of ourGovernment."
I ask gentlemen on this side of the House
to note this remark. Being "translated," it
means "let us get rid of this law of 1862, so we
can drive, Republicans from the South out of
this House and from all other official posi-
tions and put in their places the unrepentant
Democratic rebels of the South." Yet he
undertakes, in his patronizing way, to guard
you against partisan feeling. If any gentleman
has seen the time when gentlemen on the other
side of the House did not make party feeling
the basis of their action on all occasions I
would like to have him make it known.
He says further:
" "Why, Mr. Speaker, is it not time we should stop
talking about outrages, when they are the very con-
sequence oi'pur lack of tranquillity in the North and
South and among the people of the country ? Good
government brings tranquillization of the people."
The member from the sixth district shows
that he knows but little, if anything, about the
subject in reference to which he so freely
protfers advice and instruction to this side of
the House. If he at all comprehended the
matter, he would understand that the object
of these "outrages" is to destroythe right of
suffrage and other political rights belonging
to the loyal people of the South.
And we are asked, without any legislation,
to suppress or check these outrages, to extend
universal amnesty to their perpetrators, or
political friends, and it is painful to be obliged
to add that some of our friends on this side,
as if there were not obstacles enough already
in the way of our great party, which saved the
country and lifted it up from slavery to the
plane of liberty and equal rights, must now,
forsooth, put their wits to work to provide
means which will further strengthen the Dem-
ocratic party of the country.
Leaving this member from New York, I
come now to pay my respects to my colleague,
[Mr. Platt,] who undertakes to speak for
the Republican party of Virginia, who under-
takes to say on the floor of this House, without
any apparent compunction, that the Repub-
lican party of Virginia is in favor of universal
amnesty. I deny it. On the contrary, I assert
that ninety-nine hundredths of the Republican
party of Virginia are against universal amnesty
until they are secure in their own rights,
until they obtain exemption from the hand of
violence, and their civil and political rights are
respected in the courts of the State. It is true
that in April last, in a conference of the Re-
publican party of Virginia, we were willing to
believe that at last the time had come, or was
beginning to come, when justice would be done
us, when we might trust the rebels with their
disabilities off, and therefore we placed in our
platform the following resolution, which I was
not only in favor of, as stated by my colleague,
but of which I was the author. It reads in
these words:
"That the fifteenth amendment having become a
part of the Constitution of the United States, where-
by universal suffrage has been secured to i,he masses
of our people, we pronounce in favor of universal
amnesty, subject, of course, to the legislation of
Congress."
Will my colleague undertake to say that we
meant universal amnesty for the men who had
endeavored to overturn the Government if they
should prevent the men who tried to save it, or
who sympathized with the men who tried to
save it. from exercising the right, of suffrage, by
force, or in any other unlawful way? No, sir.
But we made the usual presumption which
obtains in favor of the execution of a law by
the "powers that be." We presumed that the
Democratic party of Virginia would carry out
the fifteenth amendment. We were willing to
try them, at least. But we find that they did
not carry it out. We find that they denied
suffrage to the people in Virginia upon whom
the fifteenth amendment, as well as the con-
stitution and the laws of the State, had con-
ferred it.
In November last three or four hundred
Republicans were prevented from casting their
ballots in the city of Richmond. They had
two lines for voters, in hostility to the spirit
of the fifteenth amendment, a white line and
a colored line. Most of the colored men are
Republicans, and when they came to vote the
questions usually asked were: " What is your
father's name?" "What was your grand-
father's name?" "Where did he live?"
" Where did he live at such a time? "Where
were you born?" "In what year?" "In what
month?" "How old are you?'' And though
a poor, ignorant colored man, forced to be
ignorant under the cruel laws of slavery, was
manifestly fifty years of age, he would be com-
pelled to give the very day on which he was
born or lose his vote.
Sometimes, when there was no white man
in line, and especially in precincts where
there were comparatively few white voters,
the vote of a colored man would not be taken
until a white voter should come, so that bal-
lots could be received '' alternately 1" In this
way, but principally by putting foolish and
dilatory questions, three or four hundred Re-
publicans were denied the right to vote in
Richmond not three months ago. Similar
frauds were practiced in other parts of the
State. In some portions of the State, where
Republican majorities were cast, one or more
of the judges of election would very conven-
iently omit to sign the returns, and the board
of commissioners, when they would come
together two days afterward, under the statute,
would declare such returns illegal, and very
coolly proceed to "count out" the Repub-
lican candidates who had received a majority
of the votes. They would claim that such
was the law, though the statute was merely
diiectory. But it so happened that in some
instances one or more of the judges, inno-
cently and without evil design, omitted to sign
the returns where Democratic majorities had
been given. What did the board of commis-
sioners do then? "Count out'1 the Demo-
cratic candidates? Oh,~ no ; but they would
send for the judges to come and sign the re-
turns. There is Virginian Democratic con-
sistency for you!
Why, in my colleague's own district, the
municipal election in the city of Norfolk was
carried by the Democrats in May last by the
most stupendous frauds and intimidation that
threw off all disguise and knew no limit of
oppression and cruelty in the pursuit of its
object.
I do not know how it was in that city at the
late November election. I presume it was fair
on that occasion. There was not much, if any,
inducement on the part of the leadership of
the Conservative party in Norfolk to repeat
their shameful work of fraud and intimidation.
There was no municipal ticket before the peo-
ple there, as was the case in my city, (Rich-
mond.) The election in Norfolk was exclu-
sively a congressional election. There was no
ticket, no candidates to draw the Conservative
voters to the polls to vote against my col-
league, except his opponent, Colonel Robert
B. Boiling, and the sentiment prevailed to a
very considerable extent in the Democratic
party in Norfolk, as well as throughout my
colleague's district, that Colonel jBolling was
nearly, if not quite, as much in favor of the
rights of the colored people before the law as
my colleague.
Infact, duringthecanvass, in a public speech
delivered in Oxford Hall in the city of Ports-
mouth, Colonel Boiling even referred to the
colored portion of his audience as "our col-
ored brethren." This soon spread through
