292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Repeal of Test-Oath—Mr. Porter.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
the neighboring eity of Norfolk, and Colonel
Boiling was pronounced by the Conservatives
or Democrats as being entirely " too soft on
the negro question." While I have no doubt
that the late congressional election was fairly
conducted in Norfolk, yet we all know, for the
country was informed at the time, that in the
recent campaign—only a few days before the
election—at a Republican mass meeting which
had assembled in the city of Norfolk for the
purpose of hearing addresses froth the Secre-
tary of the Navy, Professor Langston, my col-
league, and others, the crowd wa3 fired into
and dispersed, and several loyal lives lost. If
I remember correctly, Langston was fired at
while speaking. I presume no arrests of the
guilty parties have ever been made, or, if made,
nothing came of it.
What class of men committed these out-
rages; who fired these murderous shots? Were
the missiles of death projected into that unof-
fending body of people, and without warning,
by white loyalists? Ob, no; the supposition
would be absurd. By colored men, then?
Equally, if not more, absurd.
Were they hurled by men who are disquali-
fied by the fourteenth article of amendments?
I do not know. Were they thrown by men
who are excluded from holding office by in-
ability to take the test-oath, though not disqual-
ified by the fourteenth amendment? I do not
know. But this I know, that one class or the
other committed these outrages ; and my col-
league has stated to the House to-day that he
is in favor of the doing away of all disabilities.
He pronounces "iron-clad oaths and disqualify-
ing clauses a miserable delusion.'' So my col-
league is in favor of conferring full amnesty on
the men who shot down his political friends
and supporters in Norfolk; ay, the same class
of meu who sent him here, by whose votes
he is alone permitted to lift up his voice here
in behalf of their enemies, persecutors, and
murderers. Well, my colleague has this priv-
ilege, and perhaps it is as well that he has this
time so plainly and unequivocally put himself
upon the record.
Now, will my colleague, when loyal men are
denied the opportunity of voting, and these
outrages are committed, tell me that I must
stand by the declaration that universal amnesty
shall be granted, when universal suffrage is
constantly defeated? No, air; 1 cannot. It
would be wrong; it would be unjust; it would
be such ingratitude to my friends and the
friends of my country that my whole nature
relucts.
Let us look at my colleague's speech in de-
tail. He says he "will vote for the bill before
the House, which in effect, and practically, re-
peals the iron clad oath,'1 and he " hopes that
every gentleman who desires to see peace re-
stored to the South, and to see that party pre-
vail which put. down therebellion, will support
this bill." Will my colleague tell me why his
opinion upon this subject is so much better
tkan that of the Democrats on this floor? Or
does my colleague suppose that they, too, be-
lieve that the repeal of this oath will result in
the triumph of the Republican party, " the
party which put down the rebellion?" My
colleague knows full well that the other side
of the House believe its repeal will help the
Democratic party, while my colleague believes
the repeal would cause the Republican party
to prevail. In what sort of a position does
my colleague place himself? He gets upou the
same road which the entire Democratic party
are traveling, and, as they go along, shout-
ing at the top of their voices "Repeal the test-
oath, give us universal amnesty, and a Demo-
cratic victory is certain in 1872." My colleague,
I say, gets upon this road, and he, too, cries
out, "Give us universal amnesty, and a Re-
publican triumph is secure in the coming pres-
idential election." Both cannot be in the
right. One or the other must be mistaken.
Either my colleague and those who think as
he does are assisting the Democratic party to
victory or the labors of the Democracy are
tending to the success of the Republican party.
The House must judge for itself. My colleague
next says that he is "directed by the Repub-
lican party of the State of Virginia to vote for
the total repeal of all test-oaths and all dis-
franchising clauses. That party in the State
of Virginia has time and again during the last
eighteen months put itself upon the record in
favor of that policy." The facts are that only
twice has the Republican party of Virginia
put itself upon the record in the direction
claimed by my colleague. The first was at
the conference held on the 21st. day of April
last, (not on the 26th day of May last, as erron-
eously stated by my colleague,) by which the
" universal suffrage and universal amnesty "
resolution, which I have already quoted, was
adopted. The other time was at the State
convention, held on the 22d of last Septem-
ber, before which the proceedings of the Ajaril
conference legitimately came for review, for
approval or disapproval. The committee on
resolutions, of which I had the honor of being
the chairman, unanimously reported in favor
of the affirmance of the suffrage-amnesty reso-
lution of the April conference. And, as a
matter of course, the Republican party of
Virginia would still be in favor of universal
amnesty for the disabled citizens of that State
if so many loyal men had not been defrauded
out of their suffrage in the late election and
outrages committed upon the eve of the elec-
tion.
My colleague again says:
"Sir, as I said before, I stand here instructed on
this question by a resolution adopted by the repre-
sentatives of tile Republican party of Virginia, at a
meeting of their State central committee only two
months ago. A resolution adopted by that commit-
tee unnnimou-ly (with tho exception of one mem-
ber, who afterward apologized for voting aga,inst it)
urges the Congress of tho United States to give this
moasure to the people of the South."
I have never heard of any member of the
Republican State central committeeapologizing
for having voted against the resolution referred
to by my colleague. I never received any
official notice whatever of the adoption of this
resolution, and, if I had, should not have com-
plied with its instruction. I did hear, however,
that one of the members of the committee
thought it was not a proper subject for the
State committee to exercise jurisdiction over,
and I think he was right.
My colleague says he is instructed by the
State committee to vote for universal amnesty.
It is the first time I ever heard that a State
committee could instruct, could direct a Rep-
resentative in Congress how he should vote.
Even the Legislature of a State does notinstruct
its Representatives; it simply requests them
to do so or so, in a given ease. The State
committee in adopting the resolution referred
to by my colleague have certainly made a mis-
take. One of request would have been very
proper before, but not after the late election.
Suffrage must not be denied to loyalty and
amnesty given to disloyalty. The election
demonstrated that it is the purpose of the lead-
ers of the disabled forces to "crush out"
colored suffrage in Virginia. It is the circum-
stances attending this election and the outrages
immediately preceding it, and the conspiracy
on the part of the Conservative leaders, made
more and more manifest with each succeeding
day, to keep our colored citizens from the jury-
box and to deny them " the equal protection
oi the laws," that has caused the Republican
party of Virginia to cry out, "No further
amnesty for disloyalty until loyalty can be pro-
tected."
The State committee should have under-
stood human nature sufficiently to have dis-
cerned that this revulsion, of feeling would
have naturally followed -the occurrences I
have referred to. A majority of this same
State committee meddled a little too much
in the affairs of the Republican party of at
least one of our congressional districts before
the late election. 1 assert that if they had
attended to their own legitimate business the
Forty-Second Congress would have contained
four Republican Representatives fromVirginia,
instead of only three.
As my colleague recognizes the right of this
committee to direct his vote here, 1 cannot
understand why he was not guided by another
resolution adopted by the committee at the
same time, in which the removal of the super-
visor of the revenue in Virginia was recom-
mended to the President for political and other
considerations of the utmost gravity, and the
appointment of Colonel R. W. Hughes in his
place. And my colleague as well as my other
Republican colleagues and myself were re-
quested to urge such removal upon the Presi-
dent. _ My colleague did all he could, as I have
been informed, to defeat the recommendation
of the committee in this behalf. Would he
have been governed by it if it had been in the
form of an instruction ? If so, I have no doubt
the committee will accommodate him. 1 do
not recognize the right of the committee to
instruct me as my colleague does, nor would
I think for a moment of complying with any
request they might make unless my own judg-
ment concurred therein. I endeavored to have
the recommendation contained in this last res-
olution of the committee carried out, because
I believed it was eminently right and proper.
A similar recommendation was also made by
a caucus of the Republican members of the
Legislature, and by four or five Republican
congressional committees in the State, bnt the
supervisor is still in his place. I am not in-
clined to prophesy, but will venture to say that
unless the supervisor is removed, or, at least,
transferred to some other district, and some
other Federal office-holders removed, and some
others left undisturbed, I greatly fear that our
Legislature will be Democratic next fall, and
the State go against our presidential candidate
in 1872. When this calamity shall befall us it
will then be seen, but too late, how easily the
terrible disaster could have been averted.
My colleague again says, in referring to the
action of the April conference:
" My colleague [Mr. Porter] was a member of a
committee appointed by the conference to draw reso-
lutions for that body; and as a member of that com-
mitteo he reported tor incorporation in the plntlorm
a resolution in fa vor of general n mnesty, so sweep-
ing in its terms that at the suggestion of one of the
Senators from our State, Senator Lr.wis.it, was mod-
ified belore being adopted as a pan ot the platform."
My colleague is mistaken iu supposing that my
amnesty resolution was modified by Senator
Lewi3, or any one else. But on the contrary,
when some of the members of the committee
suggested qualifications or restrictions—as, for
instance, recommending that amnesty should
only be granted to those who should petition
for it, or that there should be excepted classes—
to all of which ! replied, " No, gentlemen ;
let us do this thing gracefully. Let us go the
'whole figure.' No restricted or conditional
amnesty, butamnesty asuniversal as suffrage."
And in this form the resolution was reported
as a part of the platform by the committee—
Senator Lewis being the chairman—to the con-
ference, advocated by me, and adopted by the
conference with only two dissentingvotes. Let
me again give the resolution as substantially
introduced by me in the committee-room, and
as adopted by the conference. Here it is :
" ^tie fifteenth amendment having become a part
of the Constitution of the United Btates, whereby
universal suffrage has been secured to the masses
oi our people, we pronounce in favor ol universal
amnesty, subject, of course, to the legislation of
Congress,"
I cannot conceive what my colleague can
mean by calling this "a resolution in favor of
general amnesty." I cannot do him the injus-
tice to suppose tha.t he does not correctly appre-
ciate the distinction between "general" and
