1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Repeal of Test-Oath—Mr, JPorter.
Ho. of Reps,
universal7' amnesty. Neither can I tell what
my colleague means by asserting that this "res-
olution in favor of general amnesty" was "so
sweeping in its terras that at the suggestion of
Senator Lewis it was modified betore being
adopted as a part of the platform." In what
respect was it modified? Can anyone con-
ceive how the resolution could have possibly
been more "sweeping" than in the form in
which it was adopted by the conference? Did
*t not declare in favor of universal amnesty
as well as universal suffrage? Is there any
kind of amnesty which is more sweeping than
the universal sort? If there is, I should like
to be informed.
I will dismiss this branch of the subject by
referring to the statement of the Richmond
State Jourpal in an editorial reviewing the
work of the conference, in its issue of the 23d
April, 1870, to the effect that " the platform
was subjected by the committee to but slight
verbal modifications."
This paper was inimical to me at the time,
and has been—and to every other active Re-
publican who did not and would not belong to
the clique of which it was the organ—from the
day it was imported from Alexandria into my
district, in the month of October, 1868, until
a few days ago, when it passed under a differ-
ent management.
I ask the Clerk to read the following extract
from the editorial in question.
The Clerk read as follows:
4< There was absolutely no difference of opinion on
the platform; for the vote in favor of it, as recorded,
was 9J for and only 2 against it; and these votes
ca>t against were not intended as dissenting from
the platform as a whole, but only to its broad rec-
ommendation of a general amnesty. Mr. Porter
was himself the author of the platiorm in its first
diuft, which was subjected by the committee to but
slight verbal modification; and thus does the Repub-
lican party of Virginia refute the charge that it is a
proecrtpiive party. When a gentleman like Mr.
Porter, who is denounced by our enemies as ex-
treme in his proscriptive temper, and who represents
the Republicans of Virginia in the Reconstruction
Committee of Congress, comeslorward and oiiginates
a demand for general amnesty, we prove that our
party is liberal and generous to a degree infinitely
beyond any example that has been set before us by
our enemies.
"Pro«criptive, indeed! A party which has been
proscribed from every department of the adminis-
tration of justice in the State; which has not a
friendly clerk, or sheriff, or court,or judge in the
entire Commonwealth, from the humblest County
magistrate to the highest judge of appeals; a party
that is thus made dependent upon its partisan oppo-
nents for fair usage in alt trials, to which their own
misfortunes or the vindictive temper of their ene-
mies may subject them, whether these trials involve
pioperty, liberty, or life itself^ a party thus finding
aU the organs and agencies of justice closed against
them, and intrusted to the creatures of party caucus;
this party, in the face of a proscription so unex-
ampled and so monstrous, by a convention of its
representatives, invokes Congress in behalf of the
enemies thus proscribing them, demanding tor them
the boon of a general amnesty.
" We want no higher claim to tbe commendations
of an honest people, and no more triumphant refu-
tation of the slanders of an arrogant foe, than this
prool we have given that weean meet tho most wan-
ton aud vindictive proscription by ademand for gen-
eral amnesty. And it adds to the force ot this demand
thatils draftsman is Mr. Porter.tho Representative
of our State and of our party in the congressional
Committee on Reconstruction."
Mr. PORTER. But to return to my col-
league. I am sorry to see that as he advances
in his speech he grows indignant. He says:
"Sir, I repel with indignation, on the part of the
Republican party of Virginia, a statement made by
my colleague in his speech on the day before the
adjournment for the holidays. I deny that the
publican party meant anything ambiguous by that
resolution. They meantitto be understood nsbroadly
as the language employed would indicate.^ That reso-
lution expresses their sentiment to-day.
I agree to every word, and yet my colleague
"waxes warm." I have never said "that the
Republican party meant anything ambiguous
by that resolution." I make the same denial
that my colleague does. They declared for uni-
versal suffrage and universal amnesty, coupled
together, hand in hand, and dependent upon
each other. They did not mean that suffrage
could be strickeu down by those who stood in
used of amnesty, and the friends of suffrage
continue their exertions in favor of amnesty.
With my colleague I assert that this amnesty
'' resolution expresses their sentiment to-day,''
a sentiment that both suffrage and amnesty
should be upheld together. Not, as my col-
league seems to suppose, that suffrage can be
stricken down and amnesty made to triumph
through the mistaken zeal of the friends of
suffrage, mocked, despoiled, and overturned—
suffrage, which is the greatest and nearly the
only weapon of protection in the hands of
the poor, the lowly, and the oppressed 1 But
what is amnesty? Why, simply to give more
power to those who are already powerful; and,
under present circumstances, it would look
like rewarding them for having debarred loyal
citizens from exercising the right of suffrage
and other rights.
My colleague goes on to say:
" Sir, I am utterly surprised at the course of my
colleague in this House; for only two months ago lie
stumped his district, the third district of Virginia,
as an advocate of general amnesty. He advocated
it from the stump, repelling with indignation the
charge that he was in favor of a continuation of the
policy of proscription; and I aver here to-dfiy that
he would not have been elected to this House if he
had not taken that stand."
It is true that I advocated amnesty in my
late canvass, but only upon the assumption
that the colored people of Virginia were not
to be molested in their rights. I was willing
to assume, as I have already said, that the
Democratic party in Virginia would carry out
the fifteenth amendment; but on the day of
election they demonstrated that they intended
to nullify it by unlawful means. My colleague
undertakes to aver that I would not have been
reelected to Congress if I had not taken the
stand which he erroneously supposes was that
of unconditional amnesty. Well, as my col-
league comes into my district and undertakes
to tell the House how my reelection here came
to be secured, I am quite sure that my suave
colleague will have no objection to my enter-
ing his district and informing the House how
it is that they are favored with his genial pres-
ence here for a second term.
In the first place, the Federal office-holders
in his district were warmly enlisted in behalf
of his renomination and election. In my dis-
trict they were, as a class, together with the
Richmond State Journal, which was regarded
as the organ of the Republican party every-
where except in Virginia, warmly opposed to
my renomination and election for weeks after
the nomination was made. In my colleague's
district when a Federal officer in advance
opposed his renomination he was promptly
removed. In my district they could publicly
oppose my renomination for weeks after it
was made with entire impunity. My colleague
had powerful assistance from abroad. Among
the distinguished gentlemen who visited his
district and addressed the people in favor of
bis electiou were Hon. George M. Robeson,
Secretary of the Navy, and Hon. Columbus
Delano, Secretary of the Interior. There is
also a tiavy yard in my colleague's district,
and it so happened that during the campaign
there was so much more work to be done at
the yard than usual, that there was no trouble
whatever in furnishing all who applied with
employment.
In my own district I did my own canvassing
principally, and had no navy-yard. If there
had been one in my district, though, I presume
it, would have been opposed to my election. _ I
have been very fortunate, however, in being
generously sustained by the people whenever
Federal officers have made war upon me, as
well as at, all other periods.
But to come back to my colleague's speech.
He says:
"Look how this thing works with us. Eighteen
months ago, in the election ot 1861), when the Repub-
lican party of Virginia advocated the policy of m-
corporatiug in the constitution thou betore the peo-
ple of the Stuto the disfranchising clauses ot the
fourteenth amendment aud the iron-clad oath, we
were defeated from the Atlantic ocean to the Alle-
ghany mountains; we were defeated by over twenty
thousand majority."
I think my colleague is utterly mistaken as
to the cause of our defeat in July, 1869. My
own opinion is, and always has been, that we
were defeated because our leaders were not
united in advocating the incorporating in the
constitution the clauses referred to by my col-
league. Tbe platform of our State convention,
held in March, declared in favor of these clauses,,
and our candidates were nominated upon that
platform ; but subsequently our candidate for
Governor publicly declared himself in favor
of the people voting these clauses down. He
made his canvass against them, my colleague
canvassed against them, and so did every
prominent white Republican in the State, or
remained silent, except myself. The result was
that out of one hundred and one thousand votes
cast for the Republican candidates eighty-lour
thousand were given for the " iron-clad oath"
clause.
An analysis of the vote shows that not more
than five thousand Republicans could have
voted against these clauses, and there is no
reason to believe that any very considerable
number of Republicans voted against them. In
many counties printed ballots against these
clauses were not to be had through the treach-
ery of some of the local leaders, who adopted
the policy of our gubernatorial candidate that
these clauses ought to be rejected by the peo-
ple. And for some other counties the State
Journal would innocently forget to print bal-
lots against these clauses when the orders were
given. These circumstances will account for
the falling off of the vote between that given
for our candidates and that cast for the clauses,
with the exception of the few Republicans who
voted against them.
Intimidation, fraud, and violence contributed
largely to our defeat; but the glaring inconsist-
ency between our platform and the position
taken by our candidate for Governor was still
more potential, and was triumphantly pointed
to everywhere by the Conservative leaders. It
disheartened large numbers of the Republican
party,; it made our principles, as proclaimed
by our gubernatorial candidate, the same as
those of the Walker Conservative party. It
gave the leaders of the Conservative party great
courage. They became heated, inflamed, furi-
ous. The repudiation of our platform by our
candidate for Governor gave such opportunity
to the Conservatives for success that they re-
doubled every effort, resorted to every means,
applied every art, and entered upon that great
but infamous system of violence in some quar-
ters, fraud in others, and intimidation every-
where throughout the State ; and we were beaten
by a majority of eighteen thousand, not twenty
thousand, as erroneously stated by my col-
league.
Aly colleague proceeds:
"But. sir, growing wiser with experience, we last
September took away from our political enemies
the plank of general amnesty, adopting it as a part
of our platform; and on that broad policy we re-
trieved the disasters of the previous year; we over-
came the adverse majority of twenty thousand; wo
carried tho State of Virginia on that platform of
geueral amnesty."
This is a very remarkable statement. It lacks
as much of being a fact as his arguments, in
my humble judgment, are wanting in sound-
ness and his opinions destitute of force.
Why, sir, out of the eight Congressmen the
Conservatives elected five, and on the popular
vote in the State the majority was against us ;
and yet my colleague avers that we carried the
Stale. It is to be regretted that my colleague,
in his heat and anxiety to have the test-oath
repealed, should have forgotten the result of
the election held in his own State not three
months since.
My colleague again says:
"Sir, I point to the State of Virginia to-day as an
evidence of the effects of that policy," [the amnesty
