1871.] '
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Bureau of Education—Mr. Casserly.
Senate.
We have now in this country thirty-seven
States and nine Territories, forty-six in all.
The Commissioner of Education has a whole
year during which to perform his duties, such
as 1 have described them, and to make report
to Congress. In doing so much what is the
nerafor all this staff of officers and this large
and growing expenditure; for a Commis-
sioner, four clerks, a messenger, and besides
$13,000 specifically appropriated for more
clerks and agents, against a total of $14,500
appropriated last June? Judging by what we
know of the school systems of the several
Stales and their organization, I should say that
the Commissioner would he a very inefficient
officer if, with two good clerks, he was not able
to accomplish all that is required of him by
law in a manner abundantly useful and satis-
factory for all practical purposes.
I say so, assuming that he confines himself
within the duties of his office as prescribed by
law. If he goes beyond them, to deal with the
general subject of education in its full extent,
and to enter on an indefinite field of inquiry, of
reporting and publication, I can well imagine
that he will require all the clerks, all the trans-
lators, all the agents, and all the money given
to him by the present bill, and then will not
have enough of men or money. Why so?
Because there is hardly a greater subject than
that of education in its very largest sense, and
its greatness is only equaled by the divers-
ity of opinions and systems respecting it, not
only in this country, but everywhere through-
out Christendom.
The intention of the law was to provide for
an inquiry and a report into the condition of
common-school education in the United States,
and for disseminating such information on
that subject as should be beneficial to the com-
mon-school education of the United States.
It was wisely limited to that for the most ob-
vious reasons. I have just referred to some
of them. Congress felt, as we must all feel,
if this bureau was once allowed to stray out-
side of a specified field of powers—I will not
say a limited field, because it is a very exten-
sive and important one—that there was no
assignable limit to its operations; no line
where it should stop ; none where you could
say to this Commissioner, "Thus far shaltthou
go and no farther." Hence, the bureau was
limited to the common-school system of the
States not as it exists in one or a few of the
States, but generally in all the States of the
Union, as a system meant to be accessible to
the great body of the people, and embracing
the elements of a good common education.
Once go beyond this and you are at large in
the whole range of human knowledge and
human effort. Unless the limits of the bureau
under the law are as I have stated,_ no others
can be assigned. This is the practical evil of
the bureau to-day, and is the explanation of
its rank growth in officers and expenditures,
as developed in the present appropriation bill.
I think I speak from some study and knowl-
edge of the subject. So speaking, I under-
take to say that the Commissioner could have
prepared and given to Congress all that is
proper, all that is really usefulin his report,
with the assistance of two efficient clerks, in
a volume of less than two hundred pages.
Instead of that, what have we here 1 We have
a book of five hundred and seventy nine pages,
which should have had on its title page^ the
words De omnibus rebus et quibusdem alils
"About everything in the world and several
things besides."
Let me read from the table of contents a few
heads, in order to show the Senate how this
large book is made up. One < the first heads
is "education in the Argentine Republic;"
next is "education of the deaf and dumb,
pages 371-378." Then comes " education 1n
England," four pages; "education in Ben-
gal," three pages; "education in Austria," a
page or two; "education in Australia," two
pages; "education in Ecuador," one page.
What has all that to do with the common-
school system of the United States ? Any-
thing in the world ? I cannot see why the
Commissioner stopped with the foreign coun-
tries named. If he had picked up a gazetteer
he eould have found many other countries
in which education flourishes more or less,
and about which he might have made up not
merely one hundred, but five hundred or a
thousand pages for his report. I do not see
why Australia, and Ecuador, and England, and
Bengal, and the Argentine Republic, and Aus-
tria should be favored in this report to the
exclusion of other countries—Prussia and
Scotland for instance, both of which have made
some figure in the common-school system of
the world. Why are they neglected ?
Then follows " medical education in the
United States," and twelve pages are given to
that subject, beginning at page 384. If Sen-
ators have the book before them, they can
follow the references. Now, sir, what has
" medical education " to do with the common-
school system of this country? Or, even if it
had, what lolly to suppose that in twelve pages
any information of the slightest value could be
imparted on thatgreat subject I Why, sir, one
of the most remarkable books ever written, for
the extent and value of its instruction and the
elegance of its style, is Watson's Practice of
Physic. We lawyers consider that" we have
bestowed upon it the highest praise when we
speak of it as the Blackstone of medicine. It
is a book famous in medical literature, and is
the work of one of the ablest, most intelligent,
and cultivated of medical men. Yetthatbook,
which contains treble the amount given in this
report, treats but partially of its subject. Here
we are favored with twelve pages on medical
education as an incident of a report on com-
mon-school education. Did Congress intend,
in establishing the Bureau of Education, that
it was to look after and chronicle the medical
schools and colleges of the country and of the
world ?
Then we have other twelve pages taken up
with the proceedings of educational conven-
tions. Those bodies are, as a rule, composed
of the school superintendents and teachers in
the several States. The statements of school
officers made there as to their official experi-
ence are doubtless entitled to consideration. A
great deal of what is said besides is the mere
expression of private opinion, and is valuable,
or the contrary, according to the person who
says it. It is noway derogatory to these conven-
tions to say that the whole body of the speeches
so made by unofficial persons is scarcely worth
preserving in a report of the Bureau of Edu-
cation.
The evil is not so great as it was; but while
the teachers of the common schools are taken
in any large degree from among men who teach
merely for a living while they are studying for
the pulpit or the bar or some other calling, we
cannot try them by too high a standard in a
profession which rightly understood is among
the noblest of them all.
So, we cannot expect just yet to have among
the leaders of education in the United States
many men like Thomas Arnold, the master of
Rugby, in England; or John C. Spencer, of
New York, and Horace Mann, of Massachu-
setts, in our own country. Indeed snch men
are rare anywhere. Of Spencer and Mann
who that knows anything of common schools
is ignorant? Of Arnold it is enough now and
here to say that he was a teacher in the best
sense; the fit master of a great public school
for many years; one who understood human
government in all its elements, and well knew
how to train the future statesmen and leaders
of his country for a generation. At least we
may hope hereafter to see such men more fre-
quent among as. Why not, with the greal
revenues bestowed On education so constantly
by public and private endowment? Whenever
they do appear, their views on education, where
ever delivered, will command respect and de-
serve publication in any report or other book
on the subject. Meantime let our commis-
sioners or other officers who have reports to
make beware of substituting quantity for qual-
ity in the proceedings of conventions. It is
not a good thing for the great cause of educa-
tion, and is not seldom unjust to the speakers
themselves, except the few who speak by their
prepared official statements.
In the Commissioner's own report, page 52,
the labor question is referred to in its various
aspects; the hours of labor, its relations with
capital, Chinese labor, and so on. Then thisis
followed up in a subsequent part of the volume
by twenty-seven pages on the relations of
" education and labor." What has the labor
question got to do with the common-school
system of this country? What claim has it to
a place in this report? If the idea is that the
Commissioner of the Bureau of Education
shall educate the country on the labor ques-
tion, then his first duty is to begin with those
who have to legislate on the subject; his first
work is to be done in Congress, not in the com-
mon schools. In any event what have they to
do with the question of labor, the hours of
labor, the relations of labor and capital ? The
question is one that is at present too difficult,
too much debated, to be dealt with in the com-
mon school. It is one which to day taxes the
humanity, the virtue, and the wisdom of our
most advanced civilization. It is the profound-
est and the most pressing social and political
problem of the day, the confessed perplexity
of the greatest statesmen and writers of other
lands. How happy are we in the United States
to have a Commissioner of Education who, in
addition to a general charge of our common-
school education, cheerfully assumes, in his
spare hours, the enlightenment of the country
on this subject!
Following tip the labor question we have
page after page filled with questions sent all
over the country, and the answers to them, as
to whether a man is a better workman for
being educated. Why, sir, that is a truism.
If there is on the face of the earth any man
so bereft of sense, or any considerable num-
ber of men, as not to understand that the
power of the producing hand is increased by
the intelligence that guides it, then no quan-
tity of questions and answers, no number of
commissioners, and no amount of "reports"
will produce the slightest impression upon him
or them. Nothing but the stern lessons of
experience will do such stupidity any good ;
if, indeed, they will, for we know what is said
of the uselessness of braying a fool in a mortar.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question right there?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to ask him if he is
not aware that there is a considerable number
of his political friends in the States lately in
insurrection who take exactly the opposite
position; that there are a large class of men
who believe that labor should not 
Mr. CASSERLY. I am willing to be inter-
rupted for a question ; I do not care about a
speech.
Mr. SAWYER. The question is, whether
there is not a large class of people in those
States who believe that labor, to be most, pro-
ductive, to be most completely conducive to
the interests of capital, should not be edu-
cated ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not know whether
there is any such number of men or not in South
Carolinaor any other southern State. I do not.
believe there is. If the Senator from South
