1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Bureau of Education—Mr. Casserly.
Senate.
tion for him, and without questioning at all
the sincerity and earnestness of his course, it
seems to me that if he had imitated the Massa-
chusetts report, -which he so much criticises,
his own report to-day would have been more
in.obedience to the law, more in accordance
-with the objects for which his bureau was
established, every way of more practical util-
ity to the cause of education.
On pages 54 and 55 is nearly a page of small
type devoted to the charitable institutions for
children of all ages in Paris. He commences
with that known as the "crfeche," " the crib,"
the tender and pathetic name which Parisgives
to its asylum for children in earliest infancy,
for which it is so celebrated. But, sir, how-
ever interesting and even affecting that sub-
ject may be, appealing as it does to the best
emotions of our humanity, what place has it
in this report ?
At pages 77 to 79 is a considerable discus-
sion on the subject of asylums for the insane
and the treatment of.the insane, and also upon
the subject of asylums for inebriates. Now,
sir, those are great subjects. The questions
of insanity, what constitutes insanity, how it
should be treated, how the phenomena which
it presents in its various forms are to be gen-
eralized, arc questions that have long employed
and perplexed the best minds in the two great
professions of medicine and law. Yet here is
an officer of a bureau in your Government who
thinks he has so little to do in his prescribed
function of dealing with the subject of common-
school education that he may branch off ad
infinitum into the great subject of insanity and
its treatment. The same remarks apply to
what he says of asylums for inebriates.
If anything in the world could be a surprise,
after what we have already seen in this report,
here it, comes. Beginning on page 67, we have
quite a space given up to "public parks."
What have "public parks" to do with the
school systems of the United States? Any-
thing in the world? The Commissioner sug-
gests that parks are good places for the children
to play in out of school hours. No doubt of
that; arid it is very desirable also for them to
have well-aired, cheerful, wholesome homes,
with good plain food and plenty of it, and com-
fortable clothes to wear, winter and summer.
Why stop at '' public parks " in a report on edu-
cation, and leave out all these other things at
least as essential?
The article on public parks is neither perti-
nent nor very novel. Much the largest part
of it in length is extracted from the reportof
a gentleman very well known as a leading
authority on the subject, Mr. Frederick Law
Olmstead, made to the authorities of Buffalo
in regard to a public park in that city. If any
one in the Senate or out of it felt a desire to
inform himself on a subject which undoubt-
edly is not only interesting but important to
the health and innocent pleasures of the inhab-
itants of cities, nothing is easier for him than
to obtain that information from the writings
of those who have devoted themselves to the
question. He can obtain it a great deal better
in that way than he can from the reports of the
Commissioner of Kducation, though that offi-
cer should devote his whole time to the sub-
ject. Yet here he attempts to drag it in by
the head and shoulders as an incident in the
treatment of education in the United States.
The truth is, Mr. President, the report is a
farrago of incongruous and improper matter
« hick has no business there; the rankest speci-
men of mere book-making I think I ever saw.
It is a great bundle, I will not say collection,
of materials flung together without order,
without coherence, without fitness, without
relation to education in the common schools.
There we have the statements on every con-
ceivable topic of private and unauthorized per-
sons, of persons sometimes not at all respons-
ible in any just sense of the word so as to
entitle them to figure in this official report.
Their communications are printed in gross.
The substance of them is not given to us. The
lucubration of anybody apparently who chooses
to write to the Commissioner appears in this
book with as much authority as his own offi-
cial report. The Commissioner may be good-
natured enough to allow these correspondents
to "bestow all their tediousness" upon him,
but he should have saved us from the inflic-
tion.
Such a fashion of making up this report is
all wrong. When an officer of the Government
makes a report to Congress he sends us his
views and such statistics and data as it is his
duty to fnrnish to Congress. We know what
the object of these statistics in the present case
is. They are meant to inform us and the public
at large as to the condition and workings of
the common-school system of the cpuntry.
For the purposes of this discussion, I assume
that they may inform the people and the
school officers of the States, by comparison
and otherwise, of the defects of the system
in any State and the best mode of correcting
them. •
But an officer of this Government has no
right, I take it, to convert his report into a maga-
zine for the publication of every private per-
son's communications. His report is an official
work and deals with official, or at least authen-
tic, data. This requires only to be stated to be
accepted. Yet this report violates that rule in
several flagrant instances, to one of which I
shall have occasion to ask the attention of the
Senate before I close my remarks.
As a specimen of book-making, and the
sheerest book-making, too, let me mention to
the Senate that what are called "abstracts
from reports of school officers of States, Ter-
ritories, and cities" of the United States, with
tables of statistical details by counties, occupy
two hundred and fifty-six pages of this report.
Most of those pages are in a small, close type,
containing a great deal of what is known in
the printing office as rule-and-figure work, a
most expensive class of work. Now, what do
those two hundred and fifty-six pages consist
of? They consist, for the most part, of the
merest details copied out or cut out from the
reports of the various school officers mentioued
in the statement in the index which I have just
read. Lists of the school officers in every
school district, or at least in every county of
each State, are given in full. What amount
of money each school district expends during
the year, and how much of it is raised by local
taxation and how much by other taxation, is
also stated at length. Is all this, or any of it,
of the smallest iuterest outside of the partic-
ular State in question? What human being,
even the most industrious groper after figures,
cares to know anything of details so innumer-
able, so vast in their extent, and so purely
limited and local in their interest? And, in-
deed, some of those extracts are made in such
a manner as, it seems to me, to do the great-
est injustice to the school officers in question.
Platitudes, inanities, absurdities, laughable
or melancholy, are preserved and paraded in
full, as though they were the most precious of
aphorisms. I will take the extracts from the
district reports of the State of Massachu-
setts, beginning at page 174 and ending at
page 182, as an illustration of what I have
just said. To begin with, I find this remark-
able saymg preserved:
"Teacher's Influence.—The school is usually a por-
trait of its teacher."
To that is added " Brewster," which I sup-
pose is the name of the school district from
which that profound truth has emanated.
Again, under the head of
"School Atwopriations—Wis TCHP as wo sow."
Is any rash man prepared to dispute that
proposition? "We reap as we sow." Lest
such a man might be found, the idea.under-
goes a development:
"If we sow sparingly we shall reap sparingly.
Small appropriations make small schools. Thu is
the law and this is the fact."
This is fromTaunton. If Taunton had noth-
ing to say newer or more instructive, Tauuton
might well have held its peace without loss to
mankind. Next Georgetown speaks:
"Play-ground etiquette is in external influence
the seed which produces family and national jus-
tice."
I inquire respectfully, what is "play-ground
etiquette?" Does it mean good manners in
the play-ground? If so, why not say so? But
how does "etiquette" in the play-ground or
anywhere become "in external influence the
seed which produces family and national jus-
tice?" That is surely to give a very great
result to an exceedingly small beginning. We
are told that " great oaks from little acoi-na
grow ; " but here is something more wondrous
still. The whole outgrowth of the family and
national justice of a country traced originally
to " etiquette " in the play-ground. Just think,
sir, of the rosy-cheeked, hardy, healthy, bois-
terous boys of America tied up to "etiquette
in the play-ground;" because from that as
"from a seed," must grow "all family and
national justice." Heaven bless the boys, one
and all, and their play-ground hours, even if
they are a little boisterous. We do not
want their wholesome natures cramped and
spoiled by little affected airs and graces of
'k etiquette."
Again:
" Teaching as a Profession.—Some teachers are
cheap at any reasonable price; others would be dear
if they cost u.; nothing."
I am not prepared to dispute that proposi-
tion, especially as it emanates from Agawam.
The task is beyond my powers. Nothing could
illustrate the statement better than the charac-
ter of the extracts from the district reports pre-
sented to us in this book, provided the teachers
of Massachusetts were responsible for them. I
do not say it nor do I believe it. I have no
doubt that the folly of these extracts is for the
most part owing to the absurd manner in which
the report is made up.
Again we read, this time from Cummington :
" If your committees are dead men, let them be
buried, and choose live men in their places."
By all means "dead men," even though
they are " committees," should be buried, and
with nroper Christian burial. I might admit
they Siould have a decent funeral. I concede
the statement cheerfully, though the subject is
a grave one. The perplexity is why a fact so
obvious should be preserved like flies in amber
for the information, the delectation, if yon
will, of members of Congress and the rest of
the world. [Laughter.]
"Women upon school committees" is the
next heading. Upon this Middlefield speaks :
"Since it is evident that our schools will be almost
wholly if not entirely taught by females, we respect-
fully suggest the propriety of placing a woman upon
the school committee."
I suppose the schools referred to are infant
schools. The logic of the extract is so irre-
sistible that one scarcely dares to grapple with
it. Yet, I must say, if the reasoning is good
to the extent of placing females, or women,
more properly, on school committees, it seems
to me it is equally good for giving the children,
whose government is in question, a place on
the same board.
"Embellishment of School-houses—Why should not
our school-houses, where the rising generation spend
so large a part of their time, be properly cared for
and embellished ?"
Sure enough; why not? Always provided
there is enough money in the treasury.
" School Teachers,—Once upon a time, being asked
by a friend in a neighboring town what kind of
