1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Bureau of Education—Mr. Casserly.
Senate.
never can tost $2G,300 to get it up for the
Printer.
I pass over all that is said here of penal
institutions, as well those which unite the ele-
ruentof reform with puuishmenl as those which
look almost wholly to punishment, such as
juvenile reformatories for boys and girls, pen-
itentiaries, and State prisons. How inappli-
cable and uufit that general subject is for the
pages of such a volume needs not to be dis-
cussed.
At page 422 is a long article on "the Chinese
migration," under the signature of H. N. Day,
A. M., occupying some twelve or thirteen pages
of close type. What has " the Chiuese migra-
tion" to do with the Bureau of Education? It
is a very difficult subject; it is a political sub-
ject, a social subject. It is not in any sense
an educational subject, especially when we are
dealing with the American system of common
schools for the education of the young. Nobody
has pretended that any considerable number
of young Chinese are to be found in this coun
try to justify us in treating them as any element
in the school question. But the pruriency of
discussion and of assumption of jurisdiction
and aut^prity that pervades this book is as
strongly illustrated in this article as in perhaps
any part of it. Besides being irrelevant and
not at all pertinent, the statement of pretended
facts is grossly incorrect. It is offensive and
calumnious in its invidious comparisons of the
Chinese with the laboring masses of the coun-
try, especially those born in Europe. The
■writer says, at page 423:
"Yet, in addition to the uniform testimony ofthose
who have badthebestopportunitiesfor observation,
that they are for the class more sober, more indus-
trious. more orderly and faithful than the same class
from European coun tries, we have the following fa^ts,
well attested, in regard to their intelligence, which
are worthy of careful attention. 01 the Chinese
in North Adams all can read and write their own
language. On the Pacific railroad, every Chinese
laborer, so lar as known, was also able to read and
write. Of the Chinese in San Francisco, by the
recent census it appears that all can read and write
their own language, while there are 7,60S foreigners
who can neither read nor write."
Now.sir, nothing is more untrue, no cal-
umny was ever more insolent, than to say that
Chiuese laborers, as a class, or in any respect,
or wit.h regard to any appreciable portion of
them, are " more sober, more industrious, more
orderly and faithful, than the class from Euro-
pean countries." In point of morals, decency,
good order, cleanliness, and fidelity there is
simply no comparison between the Chinese
coolie laborer and the German or the Irish
laborer; audit is from Germany and from Ire-
land that we draw thegreat mass of our labor-
ing people of European birth.
I do not so much wonder at this writer
repeating the assertion that the Chinese, as a
rule, can read and write. 'That is one ol the
many false ideas industriously disseminated in
this country by those who for the sake of greater
profits in their business mean to overwhelm
and root out the labor of the country by the
degraded and cheap labor of Asia. It is not
true, and it never wLs true, that any consider-
able number of the Chinese laborers at home
or abroad can read and write their own lan-
guage. Ordinarily I should let such a state-
ment go with the other untruths in which the
advocates of Chinese labor are so prolific.
Stated in the connection in which it is stated
in this report, it is my duty to expose it as
another of the objectionable features of the
book.
Our late minister to China, Mr. <T. Itoss
Browne, has been publishing a series of elabor-
ate letters upon China and the Chiuese. Ihey
are the results of his observation during Ins
stay there. Ilis ability everybody knows. His
means of'observation certainly cannot well be
questioned. They were far superior, of course,
to any means of observation which the writer,
in the report, could have had. Mr. Browne
discusses this very subject of the education of
the Chinese. He refers to the common un-
founded assertion that nearly all the Chinese
can read and write. He says :
" It is not only untrue, but, is the exact opposite of
the truth. Very few of them can read and write.
Many can make afew characters or signs, and some
engaged in trade can make figures enough for simple
calculations."
But, sir, Mr. Browne does not rest this as-
sertion on his own authority. He gives you
the authority of well-known authors of stand-
ard books upon China and the Chinese. He
goes on to quote from Dr. S. Wells Williams.
Everybody knows him who knows anything
about China and the Chinese, and the books
written upon them in the English language:
"Dr. S. Wells Williams, secretary of the United
States legation, who has resided thirty-eight years
in China, and whose labors as a sinologue are pro-
verbially accurate, says that not more than six per
cent, of the Cuinese cau read and write intelligibly.
Rev. Dr. Yates, missionary at Shanghai, a resident
for twenty-two years, says about four per cent, only
can read and write. Rev. Dr. Johnson, missionary
at Swatow, who has had twenty years' experience
among the Chinese, says about five percent, of them
can read and write. Rev, Dr. Knowlton, one of the
most intelligent writers on this subject, has also had
a very long experience, and his testimony is to the
same effect. Ho says about five per cent, can read
and write, but that the great mass are incredibly
ignorant."
How can it be otherwise, Mr. President,
with four hundred millions of people, the
great bulk of them engaged from the cradle to
the grave in a hand to hand struggle between
life and death for 'the means to live, and so
poor and so wretched that they are only too
happy to get rid of their female children as
fast as they are born, regarding them as
mouths and not hands, upon any terms, even
by the barbarous practice of drowning them?
These are the people of whom we hear the
■statements made as to their superiority in
reading and writing to the working people of
the United States of European birth.
As for the Chinese in San Francisco, there
is a reference to the recent census as author-
ity. But I should like to know how it was
ascertained that all the Chinese in San Fran-
cisco can read and write their own language.
Were they subjected to the testin the presence
of the census-taker? Did he hear and see
them read and write?
It" they cannot read and write in China, how
is it they can in San Francisco ? The truth is
that the most intelligent of us would labor
under an almost total incapacity of ascertain-
ing the truth on that subject among a people
whose language is unknown to us and so diffi-
cult to be acquired, whose manners are in the
highest degree peculiar, and lead them to the
utmost secrecy and dissimulation upon this
and every other subject of inquiry by a public
officer in this country.
The wrirer thinks that one mode of dealing
with the Chinese should be by leading them
to the adoption of the American language. I
cite his very words—" the adoption ot the
American language." What is "the Ameri-
can language?"
Sir, if there be any American language that
we know of, it is the Indian dialects, and per-
haps of those the dialect most in use is the
Choctaw. Is it intended that the Chinese shall
substitute the Choctaw language for their own?
If that is not it, what is the "American lan-
Iu this very article are passages which may
well be specimens of this new language. I
shall quote one presently. They are certainly
not English. We can see they are not Indian.
I conclude therefore they are the "American
language," which this writer insists we must
bestir ourselves to induce the Chinese to auopt.
At page 4'29 we are informed that Chinese
civilization is much superior to European civil-
ization. I call the attention of Senators to the
statement, as a statement not only unfit to be
here, but a monstrous one in itself for its
absurd falsehood:
"Chinese civilization has much that is in com-
mon to what is peeuliarto American as distinguished
l'rom European civilization. Its principles of social
equality, as before alluded to, its enforcement of
political responsibility, are true American piinei-
ples; and fresh importations will but help to over-
throw and exterminate what of hostility to the free
working of these principles the feudal and out-of-
door life of European society has introduced among
us."
Justthinkofit! Our political system, our free
Government, our organized energies, social,
moral, and material, the whole fabric of the
American State, are in danger from European
immigration ; in danger from the countrymen
of La Fayette, of Montgomery, of Steuben.
That is our danger; and this American race
which prides itself on having some foot-hold
upon this earth of ours, on having made some
figure in history, on having some bone and sinew,
physical and moral, must call upon the Chines©
to supplement its feebleness by their superior
forces and enable it to stay the impendingruin
of our whole system in all its parts.
Of course, sir, the man who could pen such
folly is ready for every other folly on the same
subject. "Fusion," says he, " rather than
fencing and walling into separate fields, is the
true result which wisdom prescribes." "Fu-
sion !" That is a delicate name for something
which is more easily imagined than expressed.
Then there is to be "admission to citizenship."
Such is the heading 011 page 430. The writer
contends for the prompt naturalization of the
Chinese. Not long ago this very question was
betore the Senate and was thoroughly discussed.
The Senate then decided against Chinese nat-
uralization. Now comes an instructor, accred-
ited and approved by our Commissioner of
Education, who reads us a lesson to show us
how little we understood the subject and how
thoroughly we were in the wrong. He says:
" The sordid calculations of political partisanship
will doubtless often prompt to strong opposition to
the naturalization of the Chioaman. perhaps some-
times seek to effect it too hastily and with too much
disregard of settled limitations and safeguards. '
Our new instructor has the impartiality of a
judge. As well the Senators who voted against
naturalization in this body as those who voted
for it are equally warned to beware of being
misled by the "sordid calculations of political
partisanship." _
The Commissioner has published this; he
has approved it and indorsed it. Indeed, his
language in his own report looks in the same
general direction, although not so offensively.
1 cannot turn to the passage just now. Under
the head of "probable increase of immigra-
tion," on page 423, we read :
" It is, however, the stupendous proportions of tho
future of this migration which most forcibly arrest
the attention. The great facts on which this future
may reasonably be forecast and measured are, hrst,
the immensity of the fauppl and particularly as set
over against the vastness of the demand, -t ho source
of supply is oceanic ; the basin into which it natur-
ally settles, under the^great law of supply and
demand, is continental."
What does an " oceanic source of supply "
mean, speakingofapeople? Speaking ol lishes
it is intelligible; applied even to amphibious
animals itmight be excused. Applied to China-
men, who, although a great many of them pass
their lives upon the water, have never been
classed as fishes or amphibia, I am unable to un-
derstand it. But that is nothing to what follows:
"A homogeneous people, numbering over four
hundred millions, writhing under the distresses ot
repletion, have found an outlet, a way of cicape
and deliverance, into a broad and goodly laud.
What is "a homogeneous people writhing
underthe distresses of repletion?'' I piesume
it is a sample of "the American language.''
Whyshould "ahomogeneouspeople' "writhe'
more painfully under such distress than a peo-
ple not homogeneous? [Laughter.] Who will
auswer that question ? Then, what are 'the
distresses of repletion ?" When a man is wnth-
