30 G
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Purity of Elections—Mr. Lawrence.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
" except only such as having held office of honor
or profit uitfler the Government of the United
States, have engaged in rebellion against its
authority, and while so engaged have borne
any office, civil, military, or naval." The
exception, it will be seen, is more restricted
than that subsequently embodied in the third
article of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution.
The following are two sections of the pro-
posed amendment, the fifth and sixth:
"Sec. 5. Andbe.it further enacted. That hereafter
every person elected or appointed to any office of
honor or profit under the Government of the United
States, either in the civil, military, or naval depart-
ments of the public service, shall, before entering
upon the duties of such office, and before being en-
titled to any of the salary or other emoluments
thereof, take and subscribe the following oath or
affirmation: 41, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm)
that I have never borne arms against the Govern-
ment of the United States since I have been a citi-
zen thereof; that I have given no aid, countenance,
counsel, or encouragement to persons engaged in
armed hostility theieto ; that I have neither sought
nor accepted nor attempted to exercise the func-
tions of any ofiice whatever under any authority
or pretended authority in hostility to the Govern-
ment of the United States; that I have neither
renounced my allegiance to the Government of
the United States, nor yielded a voluntary support
to any pretended Government, authority, power,
or constitution in hostility thereto. Andl do further
swear (or affirm) that, to the best of my knowledge
and ability, 1 will support and defend the Constitu-
tion and Government of tho United States, and all
laws made in pursuance thereof, against all enemies,
foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and
allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation
freely, without any mental reseivat.ion or purpose
of evasion: and that 1 will well and faithfully dis-
charge the duties ot the office on which I am about
to enter: so help me God which said oath, so taken
and signed, shall bo preserved among the tiles of the
court, Ilouho of Congress, or Department to which
the said office may appertain. And any person who
shall falsely take tho said oath shall be guilty of per-
jury, and on conviction, in addition to tho penalties
now prescribed for that offense, shall be deprived of
his office and rendered incapable forever after of
holding any office or placo under the United States,
"Skc. 6. And be it further enacted. That every
citizen of tho United States, beloro ho shall be
allowed to commence a suit in any court thereof,
and before he shall be allowed to practice as attor-
ney or solicitor, or serve as a juror therein, and
before he shall receive a passport to travel abroad,
and before ho shall receive smy money byway of
pension, bounty, or gratuity from tho Treasury, and
before be shall receive a patent for any invention
or discovery, or for any public land, and before he
shall receive any contract In the postal, military, or
naval scrvicc, and before ho.shall be employed in any
navy-yard, dock-yard, arsenal, mint, survey, or any
other public work of the United States, shall take
or shall have taken, and whenover required to doso
by any judge, commissioner, or executive officer of
tnc United States, shall take and subscribe the f l-
lowing oath or affirmation: '1, All, do solemnly
swear (or affirm) that 1 will support and defend the
Constitution and Government of the United States
against nil enemies, whether foreign or domestic!:
that 1 will true faith and allegiance bear to tho
same; that I assume this obligation freely, without
mental reservation or purpose of evasion, and with
a determination to observe it: so help me God.' "
The amendment was lost, and the bill passed
the House on the 26th of May, 1862, but did
not become a law until the 17th of July fol-
lowing. Meantime, on the 4th of June, the
Judiciary Committee, through their chairman,
Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, reported back a bill
declaring certain persons ineligible to office,
with a substitute. In reporting the bill he
wsed the following language:
"The substitute reported is offered in lieu of the
bill which I introduced some time since, and is the
fifth section of tho bill offered as an amendment by
tho gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynabd] to
House bill No. •172."
Afterward, in reply to Mr. Phelps, of Mis-
souri, he said :
"As I have said, the substitute which has been
proposed to the bill by tho Committee on the Judi-
ciary was. in substance, incorporated in tho substi-
tute proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee.
[Mr. Maynaro.]
"The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] has
just described the very machinery by which the
rebellion has been carried on. The State officers,
the county officers, tho town officers, officers ot the
very character referied to by the gentleman from
Missouri, have been used for the very purpose of
carrying forward the machinery of this rebellion.
"Now, sir, no men are compelled to take offices. No
man is compelled to hold the office of judge to pass
upon the confiscation of the property of persons who
were loyal to the Government. No man is com-
pelled to act as sheriff to go out and arrest the loyal
men who have relumed to engage in, this rebellion.
"In reference to those judges who. the gentleman
from Missouri says, may be as loyal as any persons
Jiving in any of the States, I have to say that no man
has held ofiice under any of these State rebel gov-
ernments who has not dono so voluntarily; and,
therefore, the term 'voluntarily' need not be intro-
duced into the section in tliat connection. All those
officers have held their offices voluntarily; but all
the other persons who have been engaged in this
rebellion must, in order to come within the provis-
ions of this bill, have taken upon them tho perform-
ance of their acts voluntarily. Now, sir; I believe
wc ought to legislate, in some degree, against this
rebellion. We have not been able to pass any
thorough confiscation or emancipation act, or any
thing of the kind, so far."
Upon this argument, and without serious
opposition, the bill passed the House by the
decided vote of 78 to 47, and became a law on
the 2d of July following. From that time this
has been the general official oath under the
Government of the United States to be taken
by every officer except the President before
he can receive his pay, and to be punished as
perjury if taken falsely; called sometimes the
•'test-oath," sometimes the "iron-clad," and
has had the effect, at least, to admonish some
persons of their duty to their country who
were in great danger of forgetting it. For, long
and detailed though it be—"a yard long,"
says the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] with a sneer—it contains nothing
which is not required by the compendious
obligation "to support the Constitution."
But we see—and herein is the great argument
in its favor—that men who violated the latter
oath without compunction or scruple hesitate
and pause before taking the former.
After the ratification of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, and in anticipation
of the action of Congress relieving from the
disabilities arising under it, the act of July 11,
1808, was passed, namely :
"That whenover any peison who has participated
in the late rebellion, and from whom all legal disa-
bilities arising therefrom have been removed by act
of Congress by a vote of two thirds of each House,
has been or shall bo elected or appointed to any
office or place of trust in or under the Government
of the United States, he shall, before entering upon
tho duties thereof, instead of the oath prescribed by
the act of July 2, 1S02, take andsubscribethofollow-
ing oath or affirmation: '1, A B, do solemnly swear
(or affirm) that X will support and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States against all enemies,
foreign and domestic: that I will hear true faith and
allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation
freely, without any mental reservation or purpose
of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully dis-
charge the duties of the office on which I am about
to enter: so help me God.'"
This is substantially the oath prescribed in
the sixth section of the amendment proposed
by me to the confiscation bill, and was required
by good faith, which would forbid the imposing
of an impossible oath after professing to re-
move all legal and political disabilities, This
act alone should be a sufficient answer to much
of the animadversion heaped upon a Repub-
lican Congress.
The present bill from the Senate prescribes
the oath of July 11, 1868, to be taken by all
persons who participated in the late rebellion,
but who are not disqualified from holding office
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. In other words, it
repeals the oath of July 2, 1862, as to all per-
sons who cannoUtake it, except those who fall
under the censuic of the third section of the
fourteenth amendment, and whose disabilities
have not been removed.
The only question is as to the expediency
of intrusting the functions of the Federal Gov-
ernment into hands which wrought to overthrow
it. This is to be decided, not by a general
disquisition against all oaths, nor by showing
that crafty people sometimes evade the obliga-
tion of oaths by avoiding some of the for-
malities under which they are administered ;
nor yet by citations from Shakspeare, Isaac
Barrow and Jeremy Bentham, to say nothing
of Theogonus, Epictetus, and Gregory Naz-
ianzen, but by a patient and conscientious
study of current events, the temper and con-
dition of the people to be directly affected by
the passage of the bill.
This brings us once more face to face with
the ever-recurring subject of reconstruction.
On this subject there is little probability at
this late day of an agreement with the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cox.] I find, on
recurring to the record, that on the passage by
the House of the act of July 2, 1862, while I
voted for it, he, then a Representative from
Ohio, voted against it. The same reasons
which induced him to oppose its passage, would
naturally lead him to support its repeal. As
long as the reasons exist which, in my judg-
ment, required the passage of the act, they will
also forbid its repeal. That is the whole con-
troversy between the gentleman and myself, the
same that we have already debated so often as
to promise very little by the mere repetition.
In my opinion, so long as in any considerable
region of country where the rebellion pre-
vailed it is unsafe for a native southern man,
white or colored, or for a northern man, long
settled or recently arrived, to be a Republican,
or to vote the Republican ticket; so long as it
is unsafe to collect the taxes imposed by our
laws ; so long as it is unsafe for any agent
whom the Government may employ to super-
intend the transmission and delivery of the
mails; so long as it is unsafe to instruct
American youth, of any color, in the elements
of learning; so long as the churches and
school-houses of the emancipated slaves are
unsafe from organized and predetermined
arson ; so long as the vague dread of masked
marauders, belonging to a secret political so-
ciety, shall enable* private malice to outrage
its victims with impunity; so long as it shall
be held a distinguishing honor to have schemed
the destruction of the United States Govern-
ment; and, finally, so long as it shall be held
a badge of disgrace for a southern man to be
able, with a clear conscience, to take the test-
oath, so called, it will be in the last degree
unwise and unjust in Congress to repeal it.
When mercy degenerates into weakness it
becomes contemptible and its authors are
despised.
Purity of Elections.
REMARKS OF HON. W. LAWRENCE,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1871,
On the bill to amend the act to enforce the rights
of citizens of tho United States to vote in the sev-
eral States of this Union, and for other purposes,
approved May 31,1870.
Mr. LAWRENCE. If I could have had an
opportunity at an earlier period in the session
I would have discussed briefly the constitu-
tional power of Congress to pass this bill and
the expediency of exercising it. As the bill
has passed, it is unnecessary now to do so ; but
I desire to say a few words notwithstanding.
On several occasions I have presented some
views in this House on this subject, and I will
not now repeat what I have already said.
In a report which I had the honor to make
to this House on the New York election frauds
I presented facts and arguments which I hope
have had some effect, not only here, but on
the public judgment. The bill passed by Con-
gress to enforce amendments to the Constitu-
tion, approved hy the President May 31, 1870,
was_ in part taken from a bill which accom-
panied that report.
One section of the bill to amend this act is
taken from the same report. For this reason
