1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
41st Cong....3d Sess.
The Indian Question—Mr. McCormick.
Ho. op Reps.
carrying out treaty stipulations with them, as
there is with Indianslivingelsewhere. Iagree
with the gentleman in the main, and I think it
is but right to live up to the treaties we have
made with the various Indian tribes, however
foolish it may have been to have entered into
treaties with roving bands of irresponsible
wild men.
But with the Apaches there are no treaties.
Small bands, under temporary pressure, have
entered into so-called treaties with military
officers, butoulyto break them ; while, asapeo-
pie, they have never proposed peace, and i am
confident will not until forced to do so by the
discovery that they will be pursued and pun-
ished for every outrage they commit. A tem-
porizing policy with them has proven most dis-
astrous. General Ord, in his report to the
War Department dated September 27, 1869,
says:
"On taking command of the Territory I was satis-
fied that the settlersand scattered miners of Arizona
were the sbeep upon which these wolves habitually
preyed; and that, if that wilderness was to be kept
free from Apache robbers and murderers, a tempor-
izing policy would not answer."
But lately, when the present commandant,
General Stoaeman, in view of unparalleled
instances of murder and mutilation, the details
of which are unfit for publication, issued an
order to his subordinate officers to prosecute
a relentless campaign against the Pinal and
Tonto Apaches, two of the worst branches or
families, he was met by such denunciations as
the following from the New York Tribune of
the 16th instant:
" The country is blessed with another general with
an Indian policy of his own, antagonistic to that ot
the President, which has been proved not only hu-
mane but wise. General Stooernan has proclaimed
his intention to repeat against the Apaches the tac-
tics employed against the Piegans, tmd wage a
vigorous and relentless winter campaign ' upon a
whole tribe for the*alleged crime of a few of its
members. We trust this blood-thirsty warrior will
be halted at least until he has established the guilt
of the offenders. The policy ot President Grant is a
positive one; it has been repeatedly announced in
public documents, and no intelligent Army omeer
can plead ignorance of its purport. 11 beneral Stone-
man, or some other prominent officer who attempts
to nullify that policy, should be properly punished
for his insubordination there would doubtless be
feweroffenders. The peaceful policy with thotrtbes
in the Indian territory has been successlul to
cause us to wish lor a return to that relentless and
murderous one which exterminated the Piegans aud
neither reformed nor lightened any of the other
Rocky mountain tribes."
The editor of the Rocky Mountain News, of
Denver, Colorado, a leading and influential
journal of the West, has so completely an-
swered this most unreasonable attack, in his
paper of the 21st instant, that I cannot resist
letting him speak for me on this occasion :
" The New York Tribune, as was to be expected,
abuses General Stoneman lor his purpose to wage
vigorous war on the bloody Apaches in Arizona, ana
demands that he be arrestedand punished ior bis in
subordination in thus opposing the peace policy. It,
moreover, objects to fighting the Apaches as tribes,
and demands that the war be stopped and the guilt ot
the particular offenders established. Could anything
more senseless or cruel be said, under the known
facts of the case? Roving bands of Apaches have
been ravaging Arizona, robbing and murdering trav-
elers, miners, and settlers almost without restraint.
We should think we have recorded over a hundred
fearful murders by these Indians withm six months.
And the bloody work still goes on. Can Mr. wree-
ley suggest any process by which it can be stopped
and the tribes be induced to surrender the^murderer* .
Of course he cannot. And if General btoneinan is
not heartily sustained by the Government in making
vigorous war upon thetn, Ariionawill soon become
uninhabitable and impassable tor white men. W ny
will Mr. Greeley so obstinately close his eyes to the
real facts, and persist in reasoning from a state 01
things t.hat has no existence ? lie has already u°ne
irreparable mischiet to the western people by tins
course."
General Stoneman's mistake, in my opinion,
has not been in favoring too vigorous move-
ments, but in underrating the strength and hos-
tility of the Apaches and the necessity of
greater activity on the part of his troops. In
his recent report to the War Department he
asserts that the Apache nation is nearly harm-
less compared to what it was twenty years ago,
and that Indian affairs in the department of
Arizona are "in as satisfactory a condition
as can reasonably be expected"—conclusions
at variance with those of his immediate pre-
decessor, General Ord, and the justness of
which my observation and information do not
at all sustain ; but I can indorse the propriety
and necessity of his order with which the Trib-
une finds so much fault, and I protest against
his being censured for a measure so absolutely
essential to secure life and property in his
department. ''Reasoning from a state of
things that has no existence," as the Denver
editor aptly puts it, seems to be the cause of
the mistaken conclusions not only of many
eastern editors who undertake to treat of the
Indian question, but of many gentlemen who
discuss it upon this floor. The editors have
ouly to refer to the columns of their own jour-
nals to establish the guilt of the Apaehes, where
it has been shown a thousand times and almost
daily of late; my associates here need go no
further than to the records of the Military Com-
mittee or the War Department to learn of it;
and why will they cry " Peace, peace," where
there is no peace, and show indifference to a
state of affairs worse than any that ever before
existed upon the border?
Mr. Speaker, a great deal has been said
on this floor about our recent policy toward
the Sioux. We are told how much we have
secured from Red Cloud and Spotted Tail and
their Indian followers since we began the new
policy with them. Now, I should like to ask
the friends and advocates of this policy if Red
Cloud or Spotted Tail ever came to terms and
promised to keep the peace until we filled their
country with our troops and gave them clearly
to understand that we intended to occupy that
country? When they saw that they were to be
driven out by our troops, and that there was
no other alternative for them unless they kept
the peace, then, and then only, they offered
to come to terms. That which we have done
in the case of the Sioux I ask shall be done in
the case of the Apache in Arizona. I ask that
the power of the Government shall be exer-
cised so as to let these Indians know that we
are strong enough to occupy that country, that
we propose to hold it at every cost and under
all circumstances, and to protect the lives and
property of frontiersmen. Wheo we have done
this, I am satisfied we shall be able to make
such an arrangement as we have with Red
Cloud and Spotted Tail, and have the Apaches
as quiet as the Sioux. It is not probable, how-
ever, with the recent reduction of the Army,
that sufficient troops can be sent to the Apache
country for the purpose. Such is my informa-
tion from the War Department, and, indeed,
I am not of those who think the regulars well
adapted to Indian fighting.
Mr. BECK. What does the gentleman pro-
pose to do ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. At the
request of the Legislature of Arizona and I
believe every Delegate from that Territory has
been instructed by the Legislature to make the
same request—I have asked authority from
Congress to raise one or two regiments of min-
ute-men, after the plan suggested by the gentle-
man from Texas, [Mr. Degenek.] I believe
that such regiments could be raised and main-
tained in the field at one half the cost of regu-
lar troops, and would render far more effective
service.
But, though I have been here for nearly two
years, and have made statements of the strong-
est possible kind to the Committee on Military
Affairs, that committee has never found time
to report on the bill. I believe a force of that
kind in service for two or three years would so
satisfy these Indians of our power and determ-
ination that we could bring them to terms.
The policy may by some be considered severe,
but it would, I think, in the end prove the
most humane, both in saving the lives of white
men and of Indians. The so-called Piegan
massacre was a measure which at the time
seemed unnecessarily cruel, but if its results
are as now reported, it must be considered to
have been in the direct interest of peace and
humanity. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs
in his late report says of it:
" Although the consequences were deplorable, yet
they were effectual in completely subduing the
Indians, and the entire nation has sincc not only
been quiet, but even solicitous to enter in to arrange-
ments for permanent peace and good behavior iu
the future."
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to explain the reason why I asked the question
how he proposed to do it? He says the Army
is not sufficient. As the Army is now organ-
ized, we have thirty thousand mfen, and I do
not know that we are at war with anybody, or
that any portion of the country needs them,
except the region now in question. I know
we can send all that were sent to control the
New York and Pennsylvania and Alabama
and North Carolina elections. If the gentle-
man wants them, he can have the whole Dem-
ocratic vote of the House for that purpose.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I would be
glad to have them, and think they are as much
needed in my country as in the sections the
gentleman from Kentucky has spoken of.
Mr. ELDR1DGB. They did good service
in New York at the last election.
Mr. FOX. We had no use for soldiers in
New York at the last election. In the city of
New York at that election there were not more
than ten arrests out of a population of a million
people.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not mean to say
that they were needed at the New York elec-
tion. But they were sent, not being needed,
and they had a much better effect than if they
bad been needed. ♦
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. If thegen-
tleman will pardon me, I think this discussion
is somewhat foreign to the subject before the
House.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
from Arizona will not permit his speech, which
is a very interesting one on the Indian ques-
tion, to be muddled by the introduction of
party politics by other gentlemen.
Mr. FOX. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stevenson] is very kind to the gentleman from
Arizona. I think the gentleman from Arizona
is quite capable of taking care of himself.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And, if the gentleman
from Arizona does not object to my making
another remark, I will say that it is not neces-
sary to infuse even politics into the head of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson]
to muddle him.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I am afraid
gentlemen will get into a muddle all around,
if they do not allow me to maintain my argu-
ment in my own way.
Mr. Speaker, an attempt has recently been
made to show that Washington did not deem
it necessary to use severe measures with the
Indians. Doubtless he did not with those
who could be controlled by any others, but for
the persistently hostile savage he apparently
deemed no warfare too vigorous. His language
regarding such, to which 1 have taken paius to
refer, and which I now produce, would well
apply to the savages for whose punishment I
now contend. He says :
"A disposition to peace in these people can only
be ascribed to the apprehension of danger, and would
last no longer than till it was over and an opportun-
ity offered to resume tlieir hostility with salety and
success. This makes it necessary that we should
endeavor to punish them severely lor what has
passed, and by an example ot rigor intimidate them
for the future."
The following is an excellent answer to the
question often asked as to why a comparatively
