>10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
Ho. of Reps.
The Indian Question—Mr. McOormick.
41st"Cong....3d Sess.
small number of savages can give so much
annoyance, and also a good description of the
method of Indian fighting at this time :
" However absurd it may appear, it is nevertheless
certain that five hundred Indians have it more in
their power to annoy the inhabitants than ten times
their number of regulars. Besides the advantageous
way they have of fighting in the woods, their cun-
ning and crait, their activity and patient sufferings
are not to he equaled. They prowl about like wol vos.
and, like them, do their mischief by stealth. They
depend upon their dexterity m hunting and upon
the cattle of the inhabitants for provisions."
And now hear how well the great general's
ideas of proceeding against the wily foe com-
pare with those of the frontiersmen of to-day:
" My ideas of contending with the Indians have
been uniformly tho same. I am clear in the opinion
that the cheapest (though this may also be attended
with great expense) and most effectual mode of op-
posing them, where they can make incursions upon
us, is to carry the war into their own country, for
they have everything to gain and nothing to lose
while we act on the defensive, whereas the direct
reverse would be the consequence of an .offensive
war on our part." * * Y * * * *
"I suggest, as general rules that ought to govern
our operations, to make, rather than receive, attacks,
attended with as much impetuosity, shouting, and
noise as possible; and to mako the troops act in as
loose and dispersed a way as is consistent with a
proper degree of government, concert, and mutual
support.
"It should be previously impressed upon tho minds
of the men, whenever they have an opportunity, to
rush on, with the war-whoop and fixed bayonet.
Nothing will disconcert and terrify the Indians more
than this."
If Washington be quoted as an advocate of
the gentle treatment of friendly Indians, he
certainly may be referred to as a most vigor-
ous advocate of the severe treatment of those
determined to be hostile. The humanitarians,
who have paraded his views upon one side,
should in fairness have given those upon the
other. It appears that he not only thought
fighting necessary in certain instances, but
studied to make it so impetuous and irresist
ible as to carry terror to the foe and produce
permanent results. Surely this was better than
a temporizing policy, such as has been followed
in Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, its only
result to embolden the blood-thirsty wild man
until he fancies he cannot be overcome.
When I last spoke at length upon this sub-
ject I quoted various passages from the writ-
ings of Cotton Mather, all going to show what
rigorous measures were used against the Pe-
quots by the early New Englanders, and how,
in the judgment of that eminent divine, they
were demanded and produced a lasting peace.
I must again call the attention of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and
that of other New England gentlemen upon
this floor, who are constantly complaining of
the way western men treat the Indians, to this
record. It shows that when their forefathers
were molested to an extent not to be compared
with that under which my constituents and
those of my friends from Texas and New
Mexico are suffering at the present hour, they
did not hesitate to wage a war of extermina-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 would like to make a
suggestion to the gentleman, which his refer-
ence to Cotton Mather culled up in my mind.
I would ask him whether he does not think
that the policy pursued toward the Indians
'by William Penn was far better than that
adopted in the case he has referred to ? I
have not myself very much faith in Cotton
Mather, for the reason that it is a historical
fact, I believe, that on one occasion he made
arrangements for capturing William Penn and
selling him for so much rum, which he said he
could get for him. I like the policy of Penn
better than I do that of Mather. I am inclined
to think it would be better for us to treat the
Indians in Penn's way rather than in the way
in which they were treated by Mather.
Mr. McCORMIOK, of Arizona. I think the
remarks I have already made in regard to the
different character of the different tribes of
Indians answer the question of the gentleman.
It is my opinion that there is a great deal that
fs fictitious about the whole of that Penn story.
I think the Indians with whom Penn had to
deal, and with whom he is said to have accom-
plished so much, were not inclined to hostility.
I think the Indians with whom Mather had to
deal were of an entirely different character,
and that the policy which he pursued toward
them was perhaps the best policy, severe as it
seems to have been.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was not what the gen-
tleman calls the different character of those
Indians owing to the difference with which
they were treated?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I should
say not, for I find totally different Indians at
this day, even under the same treatment. In
Arizona we have Indians who, although lazy,
worthless, and often troublesome, are not the
sourceof any serious annoyance. Thenwehave
Indians who are hostile a part of the time, and
a part of the time peaceable. And we nave
Indians with whom we have not been able to
make any terms or hold any intercourse. I
say these different classes of Indians require
different treatment. With the ApachesI would,
for the present, pursue the policy of Mather.
With other Indians I would pursue the policy
of Penn, if he had any fixed policy, which I
very much doubt. I think history is doing
away with that tradition, very much as it is
with the familiar one about Pocahontas and
her virtue.
The whole tendency of my remarks to-day
has been to illustrate the fact that Indians vary
in nature and character, and that it is absurd
to think of dealing with them all upon the same
policy, and particularly for gentlemen here to
assume to regulate that policy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
that the time of the gentleman be extended.
No objection was made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me, before he passes from the subject of
the treatment of these Indians, I would like
to ask him a question in relation to a subject
upon which my mind has dwelt continually
when this subject of Indian affairs has been
before the House. I have honestly believed that
much if not almost all of the difficulty which
we have had with the Indian tribes has resulted
from a want of good faith on the part of this
great Government in its dealings with these
weak Indian tribes. Now, I want to know of
the gentleman if he does not think that if,
instead of increasing our Army as has been
suggested, the United States were in perfect
good faith to carry out its treaties with them,
and to fulfill all its engagements with them
as it would with a strong and powerful nation
which this Government might fear, we could
not accomplish more with these Indians than
we can by lighting them and always showing
bad faith toward them ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I think
the trouble originally arose from recognizing
these Indian tribes as foreign nations. 1 also
believe, asl saidafew moments ago, that a
great deal of trouble has come from our not
living up to our treaty obligations faithfully.
But I will ask the gentleman in turn, if I may
be allowed to suggest an answer to his question
in that way, what course would he pursue with
Indians who would never come near him and
who are as wild as the birds of the air?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would say that if these
Indians would never come.near me, (I sup-
pose, from the form in which the gentleman
puts his question to me, he means Indians
who would never come near white men) 
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I mean In-
dians who never come near us for purposes
ot communication or negotiation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe that as long
as the policy of this Government has been ro
make treaties with these Indian tribes we
should keep those treaties in the utmost good
faith.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. -So do T.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe we should keep
those treaties in better faith, it possible, than
we would keep our treaties with foreign na-
tions, with the most powerful nations of the
earth. I think their very feebleness, their
weakness, their imbecility of mind, and their
savage condition of life furnish a reason why ■
treaties with them should be kept in better
faith than we would keep treaties with strong
and powerful nations, who are able to punish
violations of treaties on the part of this Gov-
ernment. And then I would punish these sav-
ages when they violated treaties with all the
severity and power which the Government can
bring to bear upon them. That is the course
I would pursue.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I cannot
see that the gentleman and myself differ to
any great extent.
Mr. CONNER. Will the gentleman from
Arizona yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Certainly.
Mr. CONNER. I desire to answer my
friend from Wisconsin [Mr. ElimumjeJ by
asking him whether he would perpetuate or
endeavor to perpetuate treaty stipulations with
any tribe of Indians that lias repeatedly broken
all treaty stipulations? Would he regard treaty
stipulations with a hostile and savage tribe,
famed only for stealing, arson, and murder,
who have no respect for any moral obligations,
and who care for nothing except what they
can steal from our settlers? I want to know
what sort of a treaty the gentleman would make
with such a tribe as that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My friend from Texas
[Mr. Conner] must not misunderstand me.
I think my friend from Arizona [.Mr. McCor-
mickJ did understand me when I said that it
having been established as the settled policy
of this Government to make treaties with these
vandalizing tribes, the Government having
once entered upon that system, I would, until
that system shall have been completely repu-
diated and done away with, keep the best of
faith with the most wicked of those tribes. I
never would violate a single treaty I had made
with them.
But if the policy of the Government is found
to be wrong, I would abandon the idea of mak-
ing treaties with these Indian tribes. When,
however, a treaty has been made with them,
I would keep it as sacredly as I would a treaty
with England or Prussia or Russia. The gen-
tleman from Arizona has admitted, in reply to
an inquiry of mine, that much of the trouble
we have had with the Indian tribes has resulted
from the fact that the Government has not car-
ried out in good faith its obligations to those
tribes. The gentleman from Texas [Mr. Con-
ker] must remember that I do not expect m
these few remarks to cover the whole ground
of this question. I say, however, without re-
serve, that however corrupt, or wicked, or weak
any tribe or nation might be, if the Govern-
ment deemed it a suitable party with whom to
make a treaty, I would keep that treaty as
faithfully as I would observe a treaty with the
most powerful nation on the earth.
Mr. CONNER. The Government has kept
most of its treaties with the Indians; but it
has not received proper treatment in return.
The Indians 1'ail to keep their treaties with the
Government. Yet 1 suppose the gentleman
from Wisconsin would continue to feed them
from the bounty of the Government while they
from day to day hang upon the borders of the
settlements, destroying the growing crops, mur-
dering the white men, and carry mg the women
and children into captivity.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. Oh, no; I have said
