1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
41st Cong....3d Sess.
The Indian Question—Mr. McCormick.
Ho. of Reps.
nothing of the kind ; the gentleman must not
impute to me any such thing. I would punish
every violation of a treaty, I would make war
upon the Indians to extermination if after the
Government had kept full faith on its part
they did not keep it on theirs.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I yield for
a moment to the gentleman froin Texas, [Mr.
Deoener.]
Mr. DEGENER. I wish to call attention to
a very interesting report to which I have here-
tofore referred. It is the report of " Friend"
Laurie Tatum, Indian agent at Port Sill, in
the leased district of the Indian reservation.
This report shows very clearly one of the causes
why our Indian policy, upon which we spend
annually such vast amounts of money, does
not operate more successfully. That cause is
the "red tape" connected with the adminis-
tration of Indian affairs. The subsidies which
we appropriate for the Indians do not go
into their hands directly, but in a roundabout
way. How they manage to keep on the road
so long I do not know; but it is generally the
ease that the Indians get the largest subsidies
immediately after their return from a raid.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to say that I will
join my friend from Texas and my friend from
Arizona, and every other gentleman upon this
floor, if any means can be devised on earth
by which red tape may be set aside so as to
bring about the saving of so much red blood.
It seems hard, if the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Degexer] is right, and I have a great
respect for his opinion, that the remedy lies
here in Washington with ourselves, and does
not depend on an army of soldiers to be raised
and sent out among them. I am told, and I
saw recently in the papers, but the gentleman
may know better than [ do, that but a small
portion of what we stipulate in our treaties
goes to the Indians; that what we provide for
them is stolen on its way, through red tape or
otherwise. They believe, poor creatures, that
they have no other means for providing them-
selvesaremedy buttogooutand fight. There-
fore our responsibility is all the greater. The
remedy is here, and my friend ought to be able
to devise some means to get rid of these
scoundrels who steal what belongs to the
Indians and bring red war upon us.
Mr. DEGENER. 1 agree with the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, and I will join hands
with him, or with the Democratic or any other
party in the world, to bring those scoundrels
to whom he has referred to a strict account-
ability.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. That_ is
beyond the power of any one connected with
the Territories. The superintendents and the
agents are all sent from here ; we have noth-
ing whatever to do with their selection. There
are in my country one superintendent and three
regular agents, and I have not been allowed
to name one of them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If my friend will allow
me to suggest, and I feel that I ought to apol-
ogize for interruptinghim so often, I supposed
when this Administration adopted what was
styled the true Christian policy to the Indians,
and appointed Christian men to take charge ot
them, we should get rid of thieves and scoun-
drels and have less of war and bloodshed. I
hoped this was a reality instead of a pretense. I
supposed these difficulties with Indians would
be lessened when we came to have Quakers,
good Christians and honest men, to take charge
of Indian affairs, and that General Grant had
really found out a new method by which he
could bring about peace with the Indians.
There was something substantial to come out
of this, I had supposed. Do gentlemen, there-
fore, mean to have us understand the policy is
no better now than in the past, and that there
is as much rascality and stealing as before they
had Christian agents to take charge of the
Indians?
Mr. McCORMICK. of Arizona. I will an-
swer the gentleman by referring to the ques-
tion I put to the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] day before yesterday, when he
introduced a provision to the Indian appro-
priation bill guarding the payment and expend-
iture of money, so as to save the Indians from
the wrongs which have been committed against
them. I asked him if he thought that these
stealings were going on at this day; and he
said yes. As a member of the Committee on
Appropriations he ought to be a better author-
ity than I am. AH I can say is this, that those
who control Indian affairs are an entirely inde-
pendent power in my Territory. The Gov-
ernor of the Territory and the civil officers
have no jurisdiction whatever over Indian
affairs as they are now carried on.
Mr. BECK. I hope my friend will allow me
to set myself right.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. With
pleasure.
Mr. BECK. I recollect the question the
gentleman put to me when I was on the floor,
and I wish to say now that, while I am satis-
fied there is an immense amount of stealing,
and while it is true that men have gone to the
Indian country on small salaries and made
magnificent fortunes, I am also just as well
satisfied that it has been don" by deceiving the
peace commission, who, if allowed the control
they ought to have, would have saved the In-
dians and the Government from peculation and
difficulty. Yet I believe the peace commis-
sioners themselves are honestly and earnestly
endeavoring to correct it, and will do it if you
will continue the power in their hauds to an
extent that it never has been before. I said
then, and I say now, that it is a move in the
right direction. It is the best move, so far as
I know, that General Grant's administration
has ever made in its Indian policy, to get just
such men as the ten men selected to do that
work.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. At the
outset I stated it was not my purpose to con-
demn the so-called-new policy. So far as it
may be wisely applied, I think it may be re-
formatory and good. There is, however, one
feature of the policy, I may say in passing,
which I think will lead to trouble. It is that
of selecting the superintendents and agents
from wilhout the Territories. It is, in my judg-
ment, highly desirable that these officials should
possess that practical acquaintance with the
Indian character which can only be secured
by long residence upon the frontier. As we
would not select a man to command an ocean
steamer simply because of his honest}' or
piety, without other qualifications, so it would
seem unwise to appoint one to deal with so
difficult and delicate a matter as the Indian
question simply because of his being conscien-
tious and upright, or yet in view ot his Chris-
tian character. That would undoubtedly be
much in his favor, but as in the one case we
should require a knowledge of theseaand famil-
iarity with navigation, so in the other it would i
seem but proper to demand some acquaintance
with the Indian character and some experi-
ence in frontier life. If the policy fails it will
be from this error, fallen into. I think, by the j
neglect to advise with those best informed upon j
the Indian question, the practical, represent- |
ative, responsible men of the Territories, who j
ought to be consulted upon it in preference to
all others. , .
1 do not learn of an instance m which the
Indian commissioners, f~>r the Indian Commit-
tee, or Committee on Appropriations,^ in this ;
House, have advised with a Delegate in mak- i
ing up their estimates or reports, or in pre- i
paring recommendations to Congress or the ■
President. There seemsto be a disposition to
avoid consultation with those who live m the
Indian country, and especially to shun any who
are not ready to concede that the Indian is all
right and the white man all wrong. I can-
not believe that m his purpose to give the
management of the Indians to the religious
denominations the President ever intended
that the habitually hostile Indians should go
unpunished, or that there should be no inquiry
into or retribution for such outrages as are
constantly perpetrated in the Southwest, out-
rages for which the people there are no more
responsible than the Indian commissioners
themselves, and which in any other country
under the sun would have aroused the atten-
tion and sympathy of the Government and
brought upon the heads of the perpetrators
summary and signal punishment.
And I repeat it, it is not right for the House
committees and the House itself to listen so
little to the views of those who are on tb.is floor
to represent the frontier, and who may be pre-
sumed to be practically familiar with the In-
dian question and very deeply interested in it.
Why, the other day a sum of $70,000 for feed-
ing certain wild Indians in my Territory, said
to have been tempted to a reservation, was
placed in the appropriation bill without the
slightest knowledge upon my part, the com-
mittee informing me, upon inquiry, that it had
been asked by some one outside of the Terri-
tory. The appropriation was of course voted
and may be productive of good, but I have so
much doubt of this that I prefer it should be
known under what circumstances it was made.
I hear that the same influence is at work to
have the Gov£rnment appropriate a sum to
bring the famous, or infamous, "Cochise"
here. This is the most notorious of the Apache
chiefs, a professional thief and murderer, who
has for years been the terror of the southern
border, who has superintended the scalping,
burning, and mutilation, not only of scores of
white men, but also of their wives and little
ones, and who, by all that is just, should be shot
on sight rather than made the guest of the
Government.
The gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Pitch]
told you there was no need of spending a dol-
lar for Indians in his State, and yet an appro-
priation was put into the bill, and he was
compelled to accept it, while many necessary
appropriations were asked for in vain.
The gentleman from New Mexico, [Mr.
Chaves.] who is a native of that country, from
boyhood familiar with Indians, and prob-
ably better informed than any member of this
House upon their character and the best
method of dealing with them, in the debate
said:
" During the fast year there were at least twenty-
five or thirty of my i-onstituents who lost their lives
bv the hands of the Navajo Indians ; and there have
been at the least calculation twenty-five or thirty
thousand head of sheep stolen by these same In-
dians."
He showed to the House that by a treaty made
with these Indians in 1868 the Government
agreed that no persons, excepting such officers,
soldiers, agents, and employes of the Govern-
j merit. or of the Indians, as may be authorized
1 to enter upon Indian reservations in discharge
| of duties imposed by law, or the orders of the
I President, were ever to be permitted to pass
over, settle upon, or reside in the reservation
! then allotted the Navajoes, and that under this
i restriction citizens of New Mexico who had
1 traced their stolen property to the lines of the
: reservation were debarred from crossing them
tosecuieit, while the Government officers^hud
shown no disposition to do so. In view or this
fact, and that tb'jtreaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo
guarantied to the New Mexicans protection in
. the free enjoyment of their liberty and prop-
I erty, he made the reasonable request that the
