312
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Texas Pacific Railroad—Mr. McCormick.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
superintendent of Indian affairs of New Mex-
ico should be authorized to investigate and
determine the justice of any claim arising from
depredations committed by the Navajoes, and
in the event of such claim being found correct
and just the same should be deducted from the
annual appropriation to those Indians, but it
was not granted.
Mr. Speaker, it is of such proceedings that,
the representatives of the frontier States and
Territories and their people complain, and do
you wonder at it? For what reason the House
is so indifferent to their wishes and so partial
to the savage I am at loss to comprehend. I
scorn the frequent insinuation that they are
disposed to inhumanity or injustice, or that
they ask for aid for the aggrandizement of any
set of men, or for other than the absolutely
necessary protection of life and property. The
pretense that the men of the frontier want to pro-
Ion g the Indian wars or that there is a j ob in every
relief bill is most unwarrantable. So far as I
have observed they long for the day when the
wars will be at an end and they may have quiet
homes. If they propose active, and what some
here at the East may consider severe measures,
it is only for the purpose of controlling the
savage, with whom other means have proved
unavailing, and who is relentless in his hos-
tility.
For my own part I abhor war and everything
pertaining to it, and would not needlessly shed
a drop of blood; but where, as in the case of
the Apaches, time has shown that forbearance
has ceased to be a virtue, that they grow more
and more barbarous with every year, that they
will, if unchecked in their aggressions, force
the whites from a broad extent of country
which they have entered in good faith and for
legitimate pursuits, and to which the Govern-
ment has, by the organization of Territories,
invited them, I deem it a duty, and directly in
the interest of humanity, to demand that the
most vigorous war policy shall be adopted. It
is folly to prate of peace and conciliation or
to waste time in fine-spun theories regarding
the policy of Penn or of anybody else, when
these red monsters are daily murdering and
mangling innocent men, women, and children,
burning houses, capturing mails, attacking
travelers, and running off stock.
Accepting the atrocious sentiment, some-
times expressed here, that for the occupation
of what they called their country they were
entitled to revenge, surely their most infat-
uated apologist must concede that they have
had enough, and should no longer be permit-
ted to perpetrate with impunity their deeds
of perfidy and outrage, or to retard the devel-
opment of one of the richest portions of the
continent, and absolutely stop the march of
civilization and progress over a vast area of
important and needed territory.
Jt is now due to law and order, to humanity,
to Christianity, to the honor of the Republic,
to the friendly Indians, for the Apaches are as
hostile to them as to the whites, and to econ-
omy, that the Government should as quickly as
possible overcome and subdue these wild men,
and if a sufficient force caunot be spared from
the regular Army there should be no delay in
authorizing the raising of volunteers.
In but one otherwaycan the people be given
that protection and security to which, as tax-
paying, law-abiding American citizens, they
are entitled, and that is by the immediate con-
struction of the Southern Pacific railroad; and
if Congress prefers this measure of relief, and
will liberally foster it, it will be highly accept-
able. The men called to build such road, and
the increased population it would speedily
supply to Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona,
would be sufficient to force all hostile Indians
to terms or drive them from the country ; and
the road is absolutely essential to a profitable
development of the rich mineral and other
resources of the Southwest. The sooner it is
completed the better for the country and the
people, and it would have been wise economy
to have constructed it years ago. For want
of it a vast region, capable of supporting a
large population and of returning a large rev-
enue, has been kept inaccessible, insecure, and
a source of heavy expense to the Government.
But whatever the process chosen, I reassert
it, is beyond all question the immediate duty
of Congress to put an end, at any cost, to the
shocking state of affairs to which I have called
attention; and it is simply disgraceful that a
few thousand savages of the lowest order have
so long been permitted to set the Government
at defiance, and that the urgent appeals of a
class of brave, hardy, and deserving pionee,rs,
of your own race and blood, for the protection
against their enormities, have been so deliber-
ately and inexcusably neglected. Were any
other powerful Government upon earth to show
such a lack of sympathy for any of its citizens,
exposed to danger at any point and in actual
distress, the American Congress would be
prompt to express its condemnation of such
Government in the strongest and most em-
phatic terms.
Texas Pacific Railroad.
SPEECH OF HON. R. C. McCORMICK,
OF ARIZONA,
In the Hoxjse of Representatives,
February 21, 1871,
On the bill to incorporatetheTexasPacific Railroad
Company, and to aid in the construction of its road,
and for other purposes.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Mr. Speaker,
it is too late in this age of progress and enter-
prise to enter into argument in favor of rail-
roads or to adduce evidence of the benefits
arising from therailway system as organized in
the United States.
It is also too late to question the practica-
bility of railroads to the Pacific or the neces-
sity for them, and folly, in my opinion, to doubt
the wisdom and propriety of extending Gov-
ernment aid to hasten their construction. The
outcry now made in some quarters against the
policy of appropriating public lands for such
end, if not the buncombe of the demagogue, is
certainly without foundation in reason and
wholly unwarrantable. It has been well said:
" If we would sell the public lands we must
create a market for them by making them ac-
cessible. If we would have railroads, either
the Government must build them or we must
offer inducements to private capital to build
them; and if by giving up half the land we
can sell the other half, and settle a tax-paying
community upon all of it, we benefit the Treas
urv, benefit the people, and benefit the settler."
It is also too late to entertain a doubt of the
feasibility and importance of the thirty-second
parallel, or southern route to the Pacific. No
well-informed American will deny that it is
one of the best, if not the best, across the
continent for railroad purposes ; and it is a mat-
ter of history that but for the late civil war the
first of our transcontinental railroads would
have been built by this natural and inviting
route. I shall therefore, Mr. Speaker, in the
remarks which I feel it a duty to make at this
time, as a representative of -one of the great
Territories especially interested in the con-
struction of a southern Pacific railroad, con-
tent myself with presenting but a few of the
many reasons which should, in my belief, lead
this House to a prompt passage of the bill now
under discussion, or of a measure similar in
its character. Having no desire to occupy
time at this late hour in the session, however
important the subject in hand, I shall give
these reasons in the fewest possible words, as
follows:
"l. To perfect the great system of transcon-
tinental railroads, and as an act of deferred
justice to the southern States. While liberal
provision has been made for no less than three
railroads'* to the Pacific, although but one has
been completed, no one of them is in any sense
asouthern road, (although one is strictly north-
ern,) or likely to accommodate the trade and
travel of the southern States and Territories.
To give to the people of the South this direct
and long-promised connection with the Pacific
will be not only to assure them of the good
will and fostering care of the Government, the
determination to treat all sections of the coun-
try with equal consideration, but also to pro-
vide a most potent agency in the great work
of peaceful political reconstruction and the
industrial and commercial development of a
prostrate country uusurpassed in its natural
wealth of resources.
2. The line is the shortest over American
soil, connecting the Atlantic, the Gulf of
Mexico, and the valley of the Mississippi with
the Pacific, and nearly as short as any between
New York and San Francisco.
In 1860 Captain (now General) Humphreys,
of the topographical engineers, furnished this
estimate of distances, namely:
Miles.
New York to San Francisco, so-ealled central
route, (forty-first parallel)  3,283
New York to San Francisco by southern route,
(thirty-second parallel)  3,359
Difference in favoi of so-called central
route    77
Charleston to San Francisco by so-called cen-
tral route, (forty-first parallel)  3,227
Charleston to San Francisco by southern route,
(thirty-second parallel)  2,974
Difference in favor of southern route  253
Sew Orleans to San Francisco by so-ealled
central route, (forty-first parallel)  3,107
New Orleans to San Francisco by southern
route, (thirty-second parallel)  2,426
Difference in favor of southern route  681
If San Diego be made the western terminus
of the line, as now proposed, five hundred
miles additional difference in favor of the
southern route may be added in each instance.
The cost of construction, owing to the dis-
tance, the nature of the ground passed over,
the easy grades, the natural productions, &c..
cannot be much more than one half of that
required for the so-called central (or forty-
first parallel) route, while the climate is such
as to insure the prompt running of trains at
all seasons, and there need be no outlay to
guard against snow, which seldom if ever fails
even to the depth of an inch upon this line.
3. In order to a speedy and proper develop-
ment of the vast State of Texas, an empire in
itself, abounding in most valuable resources
and capabilities, and well calculated to furnish
homes for millions. No one of the southern
States can boast greater salubrity of climate
or fertility of soil. In that portion of the
State through which this road is to pass they
are both so constituted as to permit, with per-
fect success, the safe application of labor and
to yield abundant and valuable products. A
competent writer says:
"That portion of Texas lying between the thirty-
first and thirty-fourth parallels of north latitude pro -
duces wheat, rye, oats, barley, Indian corn, Irish pota-
toes, sweet potatoes, turtfips, and all garden vege-
tables in greater pertection and larger quantities
per aere than they are produced in the northwest-
ern States. In addition to these it is the most valu-
able cotton-growing part of the whole continent.
Sugar may also be produced therewith great facility
for family use.
*1. The Central, or forty-first parallel; 2, the At-
lantic and Pacific, or thirty-fifth parallel; and 3,
the Northern, or forty-fifth parallel.
