316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
The Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. McNeely.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
It will be observed that no sum for the How-
ard University is included in this account.
The following is the amount disbursed for that
purpose;
Paid John A. Smith for land, three acres... $12,000 00
Tho subsequent purohase of Smith, one
hundred and fifty acres  147,500 00
Tho subsequent purchase of J. A. Bohrer
and A. Thomas Bradley  60,000 00
John W. Rums-y, contractor  59.218 67
Thomas Harvey, builder  38,314 37
Cost of dormitory  63,367 53
D, L. Eaton & Co., Building-Block Com-
pany  27.766 26
Searle, architect  9,5)0 99
Plumbing, gas-work, &e    10,454 85
Furniture  5,000 00
Arranging grouis-ds, grading, &e    8,655 28
Labor and work  5,228 00
Contract for hospital  48,900 00
Subsequent repairs for damages in conse-
quence of falling of buildings  23,000 00
Total $528,955 95
These sums were paid by General George
W. Balloch, disbursing officer of the Freed-
men's Bureau, upon requisition, approved by
General Howard, upon the Treasurer of the
United States. The refugees and freedmen's
fund was the only source from which those
sums could have been properly drawn, even
upon General Howard's own construction of
the law, and I have shown that there could
have been nothing remaining of this fund at
the time most of these moneys were disbursed.
Add this Howard University expenditure to
the amounts expended for other incorporated
institutions, and the result would stand thus :
For other incorporated institutions $464,655 43
Howard University  528,955 95
Total $993,611 38
Mr. Speaker, the wrongful transfer of Gov-
ernment funds and property to Howard Uni-
versity does not stop here. A piece of prop-
erty known as square No. 640, in this city,
near this Capitol, over a mile from the uni-
versity, was bought at a cost of $2,500. Gen-
eral Howard then, out of bureau funds and with
Government lumber, built upon this square ten
houses, each costing $1,300, and gave these
buildings and property to Howard University.
About the same time, to wit, February, 1808,
General Howard, with Government funds,
bought two other pieces of land in this city,
known as squares Nos. 1054 and 1055, at a
cost of $25,000, and upon these squares he
erected, out of Government money, seventy-
six houses, each at a cost of $1,300, making
the expenditure on these two squares and
houses amount to the sum of $123,800. This
property General Howard has turned over as
a gift from the United States to three institu-
tions, Howard University, the St. Augustine
Normal School, at Raleigh, North Carolina,
and a school at Richmond, Virginia. These
three institutions now hold, own, and rent this
property by means of three trustees appointed
by General Howard for that purpose, consist-
ing of General Howard himself, Senator Pome-
roy, and John R. Elvans. The houses thus
erected upon these three squares are now occu
pied by two hundred and fifty-eight negro fam-
ilies as tenants at nominal rent.
It must be remembered that the cost of these
squares and buildings, amounting to $139,300,
is not included in the $528,000 proved to have
been given to Howard University. General
Howard makes no mention or explanation of
these expenditures in his answer to either of
the various charges. They cannot be justified
or excused by any law or by even any pretended
authority. It. is proper to observe in this con-
nection that the students of the Howard Uni-
versity number about three hundred, mostly
negroes. The course of study prescribed for
them is that prescribed by our leading col-
leges and universities. A medical and law de-
partment is attached to the institution. These
students are furnished with uniforms, paid for
out of Government funds transferred to the
university by General Howard as Commissioner
of the bureau, and are organized and drilled
as a military company. Not only is this true,
but part of their expenses of living has been
paid for in the same way. These students are
taught in their Latin, and Greek, and medi-
cine, and law, and military tactics by a num-
ber of professors, whose salaries in the aggre-
gate amount to $21,800. One of these persons,
Mr. Langston, the colored professor of law in
the university, is thus paid a yearly salary of
$3,000. He is the same man who is referred
to in the testimony as having " worked up the
South" in 1868 for General Howard for the
Vice Presidency. Some of these salaries were
paid out of such funds as were expended for
the uniforms of students, but it is in evidence
that the salaries of Mr. Riddle, one of the law
professors, Mr. E. Whittlesey, professor of
rhetoric and English literature, and other
professors have been paid in drafts on the Uni-
ted States Treasury. This, however, is true,
that all these moneys thus paid out were taken,
either directly or indirectly, out of the Fed-
eral Treasury.
In this connection let me call the attention
of the House to another point. As I have
before stated, General Howard, with money
taken from the Treasury, on the 16th of March
last, a few days before these chargesnowmade,
bought for the university, of which he was,
and still is, president, the Miller tract, com-
prising about twenty acres, for the sum of
$60,000, and not adjoining the grounds upon
which the university is situated. The deed
for this land is copied into the testimony and
may be found on page 65. It conveys to
"John A. Cole, Treasurer of the Educational
Fund," this land for these purposes, as is
set forth in the deed:
"To have and to hold the said piece, parcel, or
part of tract of land and hereditaments above men-
tioned and described, and every part thereof, with
tho appurtenances, unto and to the use of the said
party hereto of the second part, his heirs and assigns
forever, upon the trust ana for the purposes follow-
ing, nevertheless, and none other: that is to say,
in trust for educational purposes in connection with
tho Howard University, in said District of Columbia,
and especially and solely for the benefit of the stu-
dents of said Howard University."
Now, sir, who will stand up and attempt to
put his finger upon a law which gave General
Howard, as Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau, any authority to buy this land with
money taken from the Treasury, " for the sole
benefit of the students of Howard University ?"
He himself does not in his statement pretend
to justify this transaction. He passes it over
in silence. This deed also clothes Cole "with
full power and authority to subdivide the said
ground into lots and streets, and at any and
all times hereafter forever to sell and convey,
or mortgage or incumber the same, in whole
or in part, to such person or persons for such
sum or sums as in his discretion shall be for
the benefit and advancement of the students
as aforesaid of Howard University."
It is evident from the deed that this land was
not bought for university grounds, but for the
purpose of raising money in the future to
furnish food and clothing for students of that
university when the Commissioner of the
bureau shall have been forced to take his
hands out of the Treasury.
Howard, in his written statement, admits
having used $500,000 for the university, but
denies that he had any improper motive. He
seeks to justify it on the ground of philan-
thropy and humanity. He also attempts to
justify his expenditures in the university
affair by citing an act of Congress of July,
1868. The fact that he had bought the land
for the university at an expense of $152,000,
and had made contracts for the erection of the
buildings over a year before the date of that
act, is a sufficient answer to his statement on
that point.
General Balloch, the disbursing officer of
the bureau, testifies on one day that the first
piece of land bought for the university was
paid for out of the Howard University funds ;
on another day, he testifies that it was bought
and paid for out of the retained bounty fund.
In the first place, the land was bought in De-
cember, 1866, while the university was not
incorporated until March 2, 1867, so that there
was no university fund at the tiine of its pur-
chase. In the second place, the law expressly
forbids such use of the retained bounty fund,
and General Howard had no right to use that
fund in that way.
Thecharters ofthevariousinst.itut.ions named
in the list, upon which General Howard ex-
pended $230,752 21, and that of the American
Missionary Association, were proved, and will
be found in the testimony reported by the com-
mittee. By reference to those charters it will
be observed that, like the Howard University,
they were not educational institutions "incor-
porated for refugees and freedmen." Especially
is this true of the missionary association, whose
mission is more of a religious than an educa-
tional character.
General Howard's defense is but a weak
attempt to exonerate himself from the over-
whelming proof in support of this charge ; and
when it is considered how abundant are his
resources for procuring ingenious legal coun-
sel and willing witnesses, 1 am surprised with
the little offered in the way of self-exoneration.
It is apparent that a gross misappropriation
of the public money has been made by Gen-
eral Howard, for purposes outside of his power,
and not warranted either by law or sound
policy.
I cannot, however, leave this part of the
subject without making some more special ref-
erence to the transactions of General Howard
and the Howard University and others con-
nected with him in the Freedmen's Bureau.
It appears that the scheme of erecting this
university was devised for the double purpose
of raising a monument to the name and fame
of General Howard, who, at the time, was an
aspirant for the Vice Presidency of the United
States, as it seems from the testimony, and
also as a means by which he and others con-
nected with him, officially and personally,
might derive pecuniary and political advantage.
Soon after the commencement of the building
operations on the land he caused to be removed
from the board of trustees of the university all
who could not be made subsidiary to his views.
Thus, Dr. Sunderland, formerly Chaplain of
the United States Senate, and Dr. Boynton,
Chaplain of theHouse of Representatives, both
men of high character, established integrity,
and distinguished for learning, were each in
turn compelled to resign the presidency, so as
to make way for the occupation of that place
by General Howard himself. These and other
gentlemen of standing were forced to retire
altogether from the board, so as to leave
vacancies by which members of his military
staff and officers of the bureau could obtain
their positions.
Having thus cunningly contrived to get con-
trol, he has continued to possess it as his indi-
vidual property, making the disbursing officer
of the Freedmen's Bureau its treasurer and
financial agent, and other subordinates his
tools and instruments. In tbe reference I shall
make to the testimony produced in support
of tbe other charges, I will show some of the
special purposes for which he has used this
power.
"Charge 2.—That portions of the land alleged to
have been sold for the benefit of the Howard Univer-
sity fund were disposed of improperly to members
of his own family and officers of his staff."
It was proven before the committee that soon
