1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
41st Gong....3d Sess.
The Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. McNeely.
Ho. oe Rbps.
after obtaining possession of the lands the
trustees, under the direction of Howard, con-
ceived the idea of dividing a part of it into
building lots and offering them for sale for
building purposes. A plat was made, mini-
mum prices fixed for each parcel, and it was
placed in the hands of a real estate broker in
Washington for sale. Certain eligible and val-
uable sites were, however, retained and with-
held from those thus offered, though they were
placed on the list,and itsubseijaently appeared
that the officials connected with Howard were
the parties who had caused them to be re-
served for their own purposes, and who
obtained titles subsequently, and have since
erected valuable mansions thereou for their
own private residences. Among them are Gen-
eral Howard himself; General Balloch, dis-
bursing officer of the Freedmen's Bureau;
General E. Whittlesey, assistant commis-
sioner and adjutant general of the Freedmen's
Bureau ; J. W. Alvord, president of the Freed-
men's Savings-Bank and general superintend-
ent of education of the bureau; D. L. Eaton,,
actuary of the Freedmen's Savings-Bank, and
others also connected with freedmen's affairs.
The land upon which General Howard erected
his own house was donated to him as a gift by
a vote of the trustees. The friends of General
Howard claim that he declined to accept this
gift. On the contrary, the testimony not only
sbows that he did accept it, but that he him-
self suggested the donation, and was present,
participating as one of the trustees, at the meet-
ing on the 8th of April, 1867, when the dona-
tion was made by a vote of those trustees. Dr.
Barber, now a clerk in the General Land Office,
and one of the original incorporators of the
university, testified before the committee as
follows:
" By Mr. Bradley:
" Question. Have you any knowledge whether or
not a portion ot that land, and, if any, how much
was assigned to General Howard as a denation?
"Answer. Yes; X recoltectthat one aere was as-
signed as a donation,
" Question. State at whose instance that was done.
"Answer. The donation was made at the instance
of Gener.il Howard originally.
" Question. You can state whether or not that is the
place where his house is?
' Answer. I understood at the time that that was
the acre upon which his house now stands."
**********
" Question. Please to look at that pap er and say if
you recognize it, and in whose handwriting it is.
"Answer. Tins purports to be the proceedings of,
or the minutes of, the hoard of trustees of the How-
ard University, April 8,1867, and purports to be in
the handwriting of Mr. Cushman.
" Question. Read wuo were present at that meet-
ing.
"Awnoer. 'General 0. 0. Howard, Rev. D. B.Nich-
ols, H. A. Brewster, H. Baroer. S. L. Loomi*, R. M.
Stevens, Rev. B. F. Morris,G-. W.Balloch, J.G. John-
son, William B. Finney, General 0. H. Howard, and
E. M. CushuiHii.'
" Question. Tarn to page 4 and look at the resolu-
tion at the bottom of the page, and read it to the
committee. _ , _ ,
"Answer. 'On motion of E. m. Cusbman, General
Whittlesey, financial agent, was instructed to select
a lot, at hi> discretion, not to exceed oneacre^ m
area, from the grounds of the Howard University,
the same to be donated to General 0. 0. Howard lor
the purpose of erecting a private residence thereon.
Dr. Boynton testifies that General Howard
began to erect his residence on this lot in May
or June following this donation. Oil the 14th
of August, 1867, General Howard declined this
donation, with the understanding that the trus-
tees of the university would sell the lot to hiin
for $1,000, taking his note therefor. His resi-
dence was then nearly completed on this lot,
which his attorney, Mr. Ketchum, stated be-
fore the committee cost him over twenty thou-
sand dollars, notincludingotherimprovementSj
and the minimum price originally fixed upon
the lot by the trustees as the selling price was
$4,356. But, sir, how came General Howard
to decline this donation of the lot after he had
accepted it, held it for months, and had built
a residence upon it? He did not do it volun-
tarily, Dr. Boynton, minister of the Congre-
gational church, and at that time president of
Howard University, testifies before the com-
mittee as follows:
" By Mr. Bradley:
" Question. State whether you had any conversa-
tion with General Howard, and if so when and
where, in reference to the lotdonated to him by the
trustees and in reference to his interest in the
brick-machine by which the material for the build-
ing was made.
** Annoer. Soon after the purchase of the farm, but
how soon after I cannot now say: I think it was in
General Howard's own office. I cannot state the
words that he used, but the substance of the ques-
tion that he put to me was whether I had any objec-
tion to the trustees donating him an acre of the land
that had been bought. I do not pretend to use his
words, but that was the substanee of the thing.
" Question. State whether, after the contract was
made for the building of the university, you had
any conversation with General Howard in reference
to the lot donated to him and in reference to his
interest in the brick-maehine.
"Answer. I had a conversation with him some time
after that in reference to the lot. At the time that
General Howard asked me if I had any objections
I told him that I had not. I knew of no objections
that could be made. Afterward I was told that such
a transaction was contrary to the Army regulations,
and that it might involve GeneralHoward, and per-
haps the rest of us, in difficulty. I had a conversa-
tion with General Howard on the matter and toJd
him that I thought he had placed himself by it in a
somewhat dangerous position ; and my advice to
him was to withdraw, that he had better change it
and give his bonds for the lot. I think this conver-
sation was not with General Howard alone, but with
several of the other trustees who were together;
and General Howard intimated that he would take
thatcourse with the lot."
No wonder that General Howard wanted
to get rid of a man who thus stood in the way
of his schemes and caused him to resign as
president of the university, and procured him-
self (General Howard) to be appointed to that
office. General Howard was therefore driven to
a pretended declination of the donation of the
lot, on the 14th of August, and in pursuance of
the terms of the pretended sale gave his note
for $1,000, which was not paid but turned over
to Howard University, and received a deed for
the lot on the 31st of December, 1867. These
facts speak for themselves.
Under the direction to sell these plats the
broker proceeded to make several negotiations,
the board receiving a large sum in cash and
notes for deferred payments; but no part of
these moneys has been paid back into the pub-
lic Treasury. It appears that the trustees of
the university assume that the receipts belong
to that institution. They are included in the
account-current of the officers of the university,
as part of its receipts for the years 1868 and
1869, as moneys derived from sale of lots.
But, sir, I hasten on to the consideration of
charges third and tenth;
" Charge 3.—That bonds issued in aid of the First
Congregational church of the city # of Washington
were taken in payment for a portion nf this land,
which have not yet been redeemed or paid, nor have
they been returned in his official accounts as such.
i. * # -fc* A * * X *
" Charge 10.—That he hns paid from the funds of
the bureau over forty thousand dollars for the con-
struction of the First Congregational church, taking
the church bonds in return, which he has either re-
turned in his accounts as cash on hand or sentbouth
for the purposes of the bureau."
These charges, though stated under separate
heads, have reference to the same subject.
It is in evidence that in 1867 a religious soci
ety in the city of Washington, known as the
First Congregational society, designed erect-
ing a new church edifice. General Howard was
a member and one of the trustees of this soci-
ety. He was made one of the building com-
mittee, for the erection of this new building,
and treasurer of the same. The church, bping
without funds, at the instance of General How-
ard issued bonds for the purpose of raising
money. He stated that he had bureau funds
at his command, and that he would arrange it
so that a part of it could be obtained. Conse-
quently bonds to the extent of $40,000 were
authorized and put at his disposal by the trus-
te The peculiar manner in which these bonds
were negotiated is deserving of notice, as
evincing a high order of financial skill. Gen-
eral Balloch testified that General Howard,
as Commissioner of the bureau, transferred
$77,000 of the bureau funds to the Barry farm
fund, and then as treasurer of the Barry farm
fund transfered $25,000 of the fund to the
Howard University as a charity fund. Of this
"charity fund " General Howard then borrows
$1,000 on his own private account. He then
as president of Howard University, directs the
transfer of $18,000 of this same fund, thus
obtained, to the First Congregationalist build-
ing fond, of which he is the treasurer, the
university taking the bonds, and the remain-
ing $6,000 of the same to himself, in receipt
for a note and mortgage held by him as his
private property, said note and mortgage hav-
ing been given to him by D. L. Eaton in part
payment for a house and lot he had privately
sold to Eaton. Thus, through this winding
way, $25,000 of the public money finds its
final lodgment in the treasury of a church and
the pocket of General Howard. Who will
stand up and defend this transaction ? That
it was a clear and undeniably illegal and crim-
inal misappropriation of the funds under his
control there can be no doubt, and for which
there can be furnished no excuse or palliation.
But this was not the only transaction relat-
ing to the conversion of the church bonds into
Government money. He made an appropria-
tion from the refugees and freedmen's fund of
$10,000 to the Richmond Educational Institu-
tion of Richmond, Virginia, being part of the
moneys stated m the list of incorporated insti-
tutions referred to under the first charge, as
having been given in cash by the bureau to
that institution. R. M. Manley, the principal
of that school, was advised by General Howard
that there was such an amount appropriated to
that school. Manley came to Washington to
receive it, but was prevailed upon by General
Howard to take it in these church bonds.
General Howard charges this amount in hia
accounts as so much cash paid to the school,
whereas the church got the cash and the school
got the bonds, which it still holds, and is likely
to hold, as unavailable and irredeemable prop-
erty.
An additional amount of these bonds was
traced, through theFreedmen's Savings-Bank,
directly to General Howard himself. G. W.
Stickney, the assistant actuary of this bank,
testified that, by direction of General How-
ard, treasurer of the Barry farm fund, which
account was kept in that bank, he had trans-
ferred to General Howard, as treasurer of the
First Congregationalist building committee,
whose account was also kept in the bank,
$10,000 in cash.
The remainder of the $40,000 church bonds
could not be traced ; but it is in evidence that
GeneralHoward admitted subsequently to one
of the witnesses that he had disposed of
$38,000 in this manner, which is the precise
amount accounted for in the evidence. It
is certain that this church was built nearly, if
not altogether, by the money thus disbursed
by General Howard, and that he directly and
indirectly obtained it from the Treasury of the
United States, in abuse of the trust imposed
on him.
The fourth, fifth, and sixth charges relate to
the same subject-matter, and testimony relat-
ing to them was presented by the same wit-
nesses. They are as follows:
" Charge 4.—That the university buildings and hos-
pital were built of patent brick, famished by tho
American Building Block Company, m which Gen-
oral Howard, Charles Howard, General -bi. Whittle-
sey and J. W. Alvord—all attached to the bureau-
were interested as stockholders. ^
"Charge 5.—That the specifications for the con-
struction of those buildings provided that the mate-
rials used in their erection should be taken from the
brick made by this company, thus preventing com-
petition, and securing the use of that brick, and no
other, for that purpose.
