318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
The Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. McNeely.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
i
" Charge 6.—That the brick so used was unfit and
nearly worthless; parts of the building have fallen
down in consequence, and other parts have since
been repaired and rebuilt at an expense of $13,000."
As to the fourth charge, George E. Vander-
burgh, of New York, testified thathe was pres-
ident oftheAmerican Building-Block Company,
and that he sold to O. O. Howard, Charles H.
Howard, H. R. dearie, and D. L. Eaton the
right to make a certain building-material,
called "building-block," for the construction
of houses in the District of Columbia, for the
sum of $10,000; that the right was conveyed
by deed of transfer fo those persons on the
4th day of May, 1807, and that the money was
paid by General O. O. Howard. This state-
ment was sustained by the original copy of the
contract of sale and purchase between Van-
derburgh and Howard, and was not denied.
It was also proved, by the original contract
for the erection of Howard University build-
ings, that the specifications required the con-
tractor to use this material, and the architect
(Searle) who drew the contracts, and was a
partner in the block company of Washington,
testified that he had done so at the instance
of General Howard.
The trustees of Howard University had noth-
ing to do with making contracts tor erecting
the buildings for the university and hospital.
General Howard built them upon his own
responsibility, and checked the money out of
your Treasury as he wanted it. On pages 106
and 167 of the evidence you will find the testi-*
mony of Dr. Sunderland, who was the pres-
ident of the university while General Howard
was having the buildings erected. I read
from his testimony:
"By Mr. Bradley;
"Question. In the report made by yourself, as pres-
ident of the board of trustees, I find the following :
' With tho contractor who is employed in the ereo-
tion of these buildings the board of trustees has
nothing whatever to do. It is expected that when
completed they will become the property of the uni-
versity, upon sueh conditions as a generous and fos-
tering Government may impose.' Was that report
submitteuto theappioval of the trustees in General
Howard's presence, or otherwise?
"Answer. 1 really cannot tell whether General How-
ard was present or not; 1 know that' the report was
road, and of course sanctioned by the board of trus-
tees."
Following this answer in the record of the
evidence 1 find this note reported by the com-
mittee: " Geueral Howard admitted that the
report was read in his presence, and to him in
manuscript."
In further proof of the fact that General
Howard acted upon his own responsibility, I
will refer you to the contract under which the
mason-work of the university was performed,
-and which is a sample of the other contracts
for wood-work, &c. It begins in these words:
"An agreement made and entered into this 11th
day ot J uly, IStiT, between Major General O. O. How-
ard, United States Commissioner of Ilelugees and
Freedmen, the party of the first part, and Thomas
Harvey, of the city of Washington, the party of the
second part, witnesseth," &c.
Here we see an officer of the Army notonly
payiugout money of the Government to build
a college for a private corporation, of which
he was a member then and now the president,
but we find him making the contracts for the
buildings on bis own responsibility. No man
can justify this.
This contract requires the work to be done
according to certain specifications attached to
the contract written by Searle, one of the
Building Block Company. The " specifica-
tions" require, in thesewords, "all walls col-
ored for brick to be of the American building-
block." General Howard, this man Searle,
Charles Howard, brother of the Commissioner,
E. Whittlesey, assistant commissioner of the
bureau, D. L. Eaton, actuary of the Freed-
men's Savings-Bank, and J. \V. Alvord, gen-
eral superintendent of education under the
bureau and president of the bank, were then
the owners of the only patent under which
sneh " building-block " could be made in the
District of Columbia, under the name of D.
L. Eaton & Co., and through General How-
ard and Searle they fixed their own price upon
the material to be used in the work. This
price the company received from the con-
tractor, Harvey, from the public funds, in
checks on the United States Treasury drawn
by General Howard, one of the company.
General Howard admitted before the com-
mittee that he was interested in this block
company ; that he was a partner owning one
sixth interest, but claimed that he left it before
the buildings were commenced, but be does
not deny that he was interested at the time of
making the contracts to build them. Every
opportunity was given him to show by evidence
that he had parted with his interest, and if'so
at what date. General Howard had sold two
shares for $2,000; the note for $8,000 which
he received for his remaining interest was pro-
duced, and bears date, August 30, 1867, and
recites on its face the consideration to be "in
consideration of all his right and interest to
and in the Washington Building-Block Com-
pany." A copy of the note will be seen by
referring to page 390 of the evidence. The
books of the company produced before the
committee show the same transaction, bearing
the same date.
The specifications and contracts for the erec-
tion of the buildings, requiring this material to
be used, were made by General Howard, as
Commissioner, on the 11th day of July, 1867,
more tban a month before he sold his interest
in the block company. Even Charles Howard,
one of the company and brother of General
Howard, testified that it was the " understand-
ing" on the part of all persons interested that
this material was to be used in the building
when the company bought General Howard's
interest. The witness fixed no date, but even
according to his recollection of the transac-
tion, the " understanding"' had been effected
between General Howard as Commissioner and
contractor, on one side, and General Howard
and his partners of the block company on the
other side, in the shape of the specifications,
&e., so that when he sold his interest in the
patent he sold his interest in the contract he
had made to furnish material.
This brick, or block, turned out to be wholly
unfit for the purpose. It was made on the
ground of the university, of lime and sand,
and put into the building before becoming
of ordinary hardness. Its worthlessness for
building purposes was proved by A. B. Mul-
lett, the architect of the Treasury, by Edward
Clark, the architect of the Capitol, and by the
contractors and builders who were forced to
use it on the structures. It was proved that
in consequence of this the walls of the uni-
versity cracked, and it was condemned by
competent persons as insecure ; that a large'
sum had to be expended in effecting security
against further accidents, and that inside sup-
ports to the main building became necessary
to give it sufficient strength to stand. It was
proved that the walls of the hospital, built of
this building block, fell before the building
was completed, by reason of the utter worthless-
ness of the material, crumbling into a mass of
lime and sand, and that the cost of rebuilding
it was not $13,000, as charged, but $23,000
" Charge 7.—That by his consent, and with his
knowledge, lumber belonging to the Government
"was,used by this company and appropriated to its
own benefit, being resold to its employes."
The investigation into this charge developed
one of the peculiar methods by which the pub-
lic money could be obtained from the Treasury
under the pretext of law and philanthropy. It
appeared in evidence that Charles H. Howard,
the brother of General Howard, was sent to
Maine to buy lumber, for the ostensible use of
the War Department, that article being wanted
for the bureau in the Barry farm operations.
He proceeded to Bangor, Maine, and bought
of his father in-law, J. B. Foster, three car-
goes of lumber, costing the Government
$61,420 53, which was brought to Washing-
ton at Government expense and paid for—as
testified to by Joseph M. Brown, the quarter-
master of the bureau—by a draft upon the
Treasury of the United States, the order for
payment being made by Charles H. Howard,
the assistant commissioner. One cargo of
this lumber was lost at sea, which was a total
loss, as no insurance was effected upon it.
After the remainder of it was received here
it was used altogether by the Barry farm con-
cern, and for the university and the Building-
Block Company. It was proved that it was
thus distributed. General Howard, in his
statement, only claims that a part of it, equal in
value to $16,407 60, was used in the erection
of buildings on Barry farm. What became of
the remainder of it Howard does not attempt
to explain. No mention of the use of this
lumber was made in any account or report to
the Department.
Although the committee refused to hear other
evidence offered tending to show that the Build-
ing-Block Company used part of this lumber,
yet there is sufficient evidence on this point in
the record, considered with all the attending
circumstances, to show that the Building-Block
Company used this lumber, not only with the
consent, but under the orders of the officers
of the Freedmen's Bureau, issued from the
office of General Howard, signed by General
E. Whittlesey, as acting assistant commis-
sioner. Howard University is now occupying
for workshops the sheds built in pait out of
this lumber by the Building-Block Company,
on the university grounds, and which were
used by that company while making block for
the university and General Howard's resi-
dence. The Government was never paid for
it cither -by the university or the block com-
pany, The librarian of the university calls
it "educational lumber." General Howard
admits having known of the use of lumber for
this purpose, but denies his complicity.
"Charge 8.—That he pays rent to the Howard Uni-
versity from the fundsof the bureau for the privilege
of a headquarters."
It was proven that after General Howard got
the university buildings completed, in Decem-
ber, 1868, he removed his headquarters to a
part of them, and has since continued to
occupy a portion of the premises for his offi-
cial purposes. General Howard occupied the
university building for his headquarters free
of rent, treating it as United States property,
until the 1st of October, 1869, when he turned
over the buildings as a gift, to Howard Univer-
sity, of which he was at that time and still is
the president. He then, as Commissioner of
the Freedmen's Bureau, contracts and agrees
with himself and other trustees of that private
corporation to pay himself and them, as such
trustees, rent at the rate of $3,000 a year for
his headquarters in the University building,
and $5,000 a year for the hospital. Remem-
ber, sir, that this university building and this
hospital had been built and the grounds ot.
which they were situated purchased by Gen-
eral Howard, and all paid for by him out of
bureau funds in checks or drafts upon the
United States Treasury. Now he rents those
buildings of this corporation, of which he is
president, and pays the rent in checks on the
Treasury of the United States.
But this is notall. On page 213 of the report
of the committee will be found the following
testimony of Josenh U. Brown, the chief quar-
termaster of the Freedmen's Bureau :
" By Mr. Bradley:
" Question. Have you any knowledge of payment to
any one for taking care of the furnaces at the Howard
University ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I paid for them.
