1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
41st Cong....3d Sess.
The Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. McNeely.
Ho. op Reps.
accounts, found that both of the notes had dis-
appeared, and in their places were substituted
two receipts, signed by General George W.
Balioch, treasurer of the university, covering
the same amounts as having been paid to him.
The following is a copy of Balioch's receipts:
[Copy of VoucherNo. 1.]
Beceived at Washington, District of Columbia,
this 28th November, 18(58, of .Major General 0. 0.
Howard. Commissioner Bureau Kefugees,freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands and treasurer of the educa-
tional fund, the sum of $3,000, in note of John R.
Elvans and personal cbeck of O. 0. Howard, tbe
same to be applied to the education of freedmen and
refugees. _ Pres{dmL
e. w. robinson. Secretary.
geo, w. balloch, Treasurer.
[Copy of Voucher No. 2.]
Beccived at Washington, District of Columbia,
this 28th day of November, 1868, of Major General
0. 0. Howard, Commissioner Bureau Refugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands and treasurer of
of the educational fund, the sum of S3,077 50, in
personal note of 0. 0. Howard and interest, the
same to be applied to the education of refugees and
freedmen. President
e. w. robinson. Secretary.
geo. w. balloch, Treasurer.
The name of the president is left in blank
in both receipts. General Howard being the
president, it was deemed rather audacious for
his name to appear to such papers. These
receipts are antedated. General Balioch, when
examined with reference to them, admitted
this, stating that, though he gave them in April
of that year, (1870,) he had, for some reasons
he would not say, dated them at the time stated
on their face, namely, 28th November, 1868;
and that he now held the notes as treasurer
of Howard University, counting them among
the assets of that concern as so much cash.
Mr. Speaker, there is one feature of this Barry
farm fund operation that should not be over-
looked. By the act approved June 14, 1866,
it is provided that any disbursing officer of the
Government who shall " deposit any public
money intrusted to him in any place or in any
manner except as authorized by law, or shall
convert to his own use, in any way whatever,
orshall loan, with or without interest, or shall,
for any purpose not prescribed by law, with-
draw from the Treasurer or any Assistant Treas-
urer, or any authorized depository, or shall,
for any purpose not prescribed by law, trans
fer or apply any portion of the public money
intrusted to htm, every such act shall be
deemed and adjudged an embezzlement of the
money so deposited, converted, used, loaned,
withdrawn, transferred, or applied, and every
such act is hereby declared a lelony, and upon
conviction thereof shall be punished by impris-
onment for a term not less than one year nor
more than ten years, or by fine not more than
the amount embezzled nor less than $1,000, or
by both such fine and imprisonment, at the
discretion of the court."
General Howard is liable to the penalties of
this law. He drew from the United States
Treasury, by drafts upon it, $77,000, and trans-
ferred it to what he called an educational fund,
paying part of this money for tbe purchase of-
a farm and using the balance for similar pur-
poses. He put up houses out of the money
and sold them, keeping the funds received from
the sale in his own name, as treasurer, in the
Freed men's Savings-Bank—not. a public depos-
itory—which were at all times subject to his per-
sonal order and direction. He loaned !j>3,000
of these funds to John 11. Elvans, taking his
note therefor; diverted a portion to his own
personal use, drawing it from the cash receipts
and substituting his promissory note, which is
not proved to have been paid, but covered jap,
by making it a donation to the Howard Uni-
versity, and by causing a false receipt to be
substituted therefor. He thus convicts him-
self in the clumsy attempt to hide and cover
up the wrong committed. Not only is General
Howard liable to punishment under the law
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 21.
above referred to, but under the second sec-
tion of the same law Alvord and other officers
of the bank, who were informed of the charac-
ter of the Barry farm fund, and who permitted
or advised such deposit to be made, and all
others who aided, abetted, or counseled such
deposit, and Elvans, who borrowed of Howard
the $3,000 of the fund, are all equally liable,
and it is impossible to tell what influence this
had upon them as witnesses in exculpating
themselves.
But there were other wrong transactions
connected with the Barry farm. When the
buildings on the farm were being erected a
contract was made by Charles Howard with
one John Pahey for the supply of sand to be
used in the erection of such buildings. A
large quantity was supplied and paid for under
this contract, when suddenly, without notice,
the contract was broken with Fahey, and it
was ordered by Howard that the further sup-
ply of sand should be taken from the Build-
ing-Block Company's sand-pit on the Howard
University grounds. It was proved that the
sand furnished by Fahey was "sharp river
sand" from the Potomac, and, for building
purposes, greatly superior to that belonging to
the block company; but, notwithstanding that
fact, Howard, after ordering Fahey to cease
delivering sand under his contract, made a
contract with the Building-Block Company to
furnish sand from their pit, and agreed to pay
that company three times the price that Fahey
had delivered it for and was still willing .to
deliver it for. In addition to the amount of
sand necessary, several thousand bushels were
bought of the company and piled up on the
ground, at great cost, which was afterward
sold for a trifling sum. The only purpose of
this transaction was to put public money into
the private purse of the brother of Getieral
Howard and others connected with the bureau
composing the block company.
GeneralHo'ward, in his answerto this charge
relating to the Barry farm transaction, does
not refer to any law for his justification. There
is none. He buys a farm, lays it out in squares
and lots, spends over seven thousand dollars
iu streets, carriage-drives, and sewers, buys
lumber in Maine, and with it erects upon these
lots residences and other improvements, in-
cluding a church and school-house; in fact,
he builds a town and furnishes it with inhab-
itants, all at Government expense; sells out
the town to these inhabitants, uses part of the
proceeds for his own private purposes, loans
part to his friend Elvans, buys church bonds
and Young Men's Christian Association bonds
with part, deposits part in a bank in which he
was vice president, without requiring any inter-
est to be paid on the deposit, and enjoys the
benefit of other speculations by means of the
use of the fund, and yet, when called upon for
his authority for all this, cites an order signed
and issued by himself as Commissioner of
the Freedmen's Bureau. He claims that the
$52,000 paid for the Barry farm was not funds
of the United States. Elvans swears that it
was drawn from the Treasury of the United
States, and there was put in evidence the war-
rant upon which it was drawn, which shows it
was drawn direct from the United States Treas-
ury. It is no answer to this charge to say that
Senator Pomeroy and Elvans were associated
with him as trustees of this fund, for they were
appointed by him, and Senator Pomeroy tes-
tifies that he knew nothing about the expend-
itures and management of the hinds, except
as shown by the books kept^y Howard him-
self, while Elvans swears (fiat he knew noth-
ing about the management of the lunds, ex-
cept that he signed deeds, as trustee, to lots
when presented to him. Nor is it any cxcuse
that General Howard was advised to buy the
farm by Senator Pombroy or any one else.
That fact only goes to show that some other
people were as ignorant of his duty, or as
regardless of the law of the land, as he was
himself.
" Charge 14.—He has discharged the duties of the
office of Commissioner of the bureau with extrava-
gance, negligence, and in the interests of himself
and family and intimate friends."
Sufficient has been shown already to sub-
stantiate this allegation. No additional refer-
ence to the many facts produced and proved
before the committee is required to sustain
this charge. If, however, there remains any
doubt in any mind as to the truth of this charge,
I will remove that doubt before I get through
with the discussion of the next charge.
"Charge 15.—That be is one of a ring, known as the
'Freedmen's Bureau ring,' whose connections and
influences are with the Freedmen's Savings-Bank,
the freedmen's schools of the South, tbe political
machinery of a party in the southern States, and
whose position has been to devote the official author-
ity and power ot the bureau to personal and political
profit."
Mr. Speaker, this charge covered a wide
field for investigation. Although more than
two months had been devoted to the examina-
tion of witnesses on the part Of the accuser of
General Howard, it would have required more
than two months more to have investigated
the operations of the bureau in the southern
States. The difficulty appeared to be, with
reference to this charge, that there were too
many witnesses ready to sustain it, and too
large an opening for scrutiny, for the commit-
tee to permit it to be entered upon, to any
considerable extent, in the time fixed by the
majority of the committee. Besides, it was
ascertained that the testimony offered would
implicate others as high in position as Gen-
eral Howard himself, going to show that the
bureau had been made an active engine for the
election of Governors, legislators, members of
Congress, and United States Senators in the
southern States—the public mpney and prop-
erty being freely used for these purposes. The
majority of the committee would not allow any
such field of investigation to be entered, and
promptly refused to allow the witnesses ready
to prove these facts to be subpeuaed or exam-
ined. Sufficient evidence, however, did get
in to show that to such purposes the bureau
was put. The general way in which the polit-
ical operations were carried on was through
the instrumentality of the officers and willing
agents of the bureau, the freedmen's schools
and teachers, the missionaries sent out by the
American Missionary Society, and the Freed-
men's Savings-Bank. The funds of the bureau
were used by each of these in the several
departments in which they operated. Under
the pretext of looking after the education and .
welfare of the freedmen, political organiza-
tions were effected, and the negroes instructed
as to their political strength and power, by
organizing them together in secret associa-
tions. The poor freedman, deceived by pre-
tended friendship, and quite willing to avail
himself of the pittance distributed in support
of his physical wants, fell into the purposes
of these men, and submitted himself to the
uses to which they put him.
General Howard not only knew of this, but
was the head of the movement. He proved
this upon himself, after the majority refused to
hear further proof m support of the charges,
by putting in as evidence the official report of
Colonel John T. Sprague, assistant commis-
sioner for Florida. This report was made to
General Howard, and is dated October 1, 1807.
Under the head of ■' politics and public meet-
ings," he gives Howard an account of his
political operations, and boasts of having
••registered 15,441 negro voters, as against
11,151 registered of whites," and states that he
had " taken measures for their quiet _ instruc-
tion—through the medium of sub-assistants—
in their rights and duties, under the reconstruc-
tion acts," &c. This part of that "official
