322
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
The Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. McNeely.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
report" has been omitted from the printed
report of the testimony before the committee,
how or for what purpose I do not know. But I
pass on. The report of Colonel Sprague has
the following, under the head of " Freedmen's
Savings-Bank and Trust Company
" Two branches of this company are located in
Florida: ono at Jacksonville, the other at Tallahas-
see. Both are in a flourishing condition. Thorental
of these respective offices is paid by the bureau, in
compliance with orders received May last."
This, it will be recollected, is an official
report, made by the immediate representative
of the Freedmen's Bureau in Florida, still re
tained in office. The bureau at Washington
had given directions, in May, 1807, for the pay-
ment of the rent of these banks, wherever
established in the southern States. Ishall refer
more especially to these banks hereafter.
It was offered to be proved that in South Caro
lina the assistant commissioner, Scott, had been
elected Governor of the Stale by the corrupt
use of rations, provisions, and transportation ;
that as an officer of the bureau, and having
control of this property, he, by and with the
knowledge and connivance of General How-
ard, did use such property to the extent of
$300,000 for this purpose. The names of the
witnesses, men of high character and members
of the Republican party, were handed to the
committee and subpenas asked for them, by
whom, it. was stated by respectable persons,
these facts could be substantiated. The ma-
jority of the committee refused to allow them
to be summoned.
It seems that, Mr. Langston, now one of the
law professors in the Howard University, while
a traveling bureau agent in the year 1808, was
engaged in "working up the South," oiganiz-
ing colored political societies in the interest
of General Howard for the Vice Presidency.
General Howard confessed this to General
Boynton. Howard claimed, however, in con-
versation with General Boynton, that he was a
friend to General Grant, and on invitation had
attendad a meeting in the interest of General
Grant, though, as he stated, "'it might injure
his (General Howard's) prospects for the Vice
Presidency." The fact of his aspiration to that
position may account for much of the political
machinery of the bureau in the South, and the
useless expenditure of public money.
I find that as late as January and February
of the last year, Alvord, on his tour through the
Soufh in the capacity of general superintend
ent of education for the bureau, writes General
Howard, as Commissioner of the bureau, re-
ports which have been published by General
Howard with his indorsement. The tone of
these reports shows the interest the bureau
is taking in the party politics of the South.
Especially is this the case in the reports rela
tive to affairs in Georgia, where, it seems, this
superintendent of education takes side with
the Bullock party. Among other things he
says that—
" General Terry is very firm, and the commission
on membership is earnest ly at work. One old friend
of ours (I need not give his name) seems to be fool-
ishly selling himself and his party, if lie can, to the
Opposition, Not a colored member goes with him
in either house, even though lie were honest in say-
ing that he 'can hold the balance of power, and
atterward turn it into the hands of the Republicans.'
Ho greatly overestimates his strength. His best
friends in all the State will drop him. Passing
through the halls of the house i overheard a group
of -Democratic leaders cursing him. His more inti-
mate advisers I have seen and know their character,
and can assure you that no true Republican here
stands by him."
In his report of January 28 there is a blank,
with significant stars in that part of the report
treating on the " political situation " of Geor-
gia, showing that General Howard has no
doubt suppressed the political pait of the
report, in his report from Augusta, Georgia,
he says that "almost to a man the entire freed
people of the State are intensely loyal, and
the colored members-elect of the approaching
Legislature will vote to sustain the action of
Congress."
Such is the mission of Alvord, acting under
the orders of his chief. What this mission had
to do with his business as "general superin-
tendent of education " I am at a loss to know;
and yet General Howard, as Commissioner of
the bureau, publishes the report as signed by
Alvord in his official capacity, with his accom-
panying statement that he " hopes that it will
be carefully read."
I might refer to and quote from other official
reports to General Howard made by bureau
agents, and published by General Howard,
showing the part taken by him and his agents
to control the political affairs of the South
through the negro vote, of which that of Col-
onel Sprague, assistant commissioner for Flor-
ida, already referred to, is a sample; but I will
not detain the House with them.
The grossest and most unpardonable frauds,
perpetrated through and by the officers of the
bureau, are known all over the country as the
bounty claim frauds. Abundant testimony
was offered to show the extent, character, and
complicity of bureau officers in these. The
practice is for these agents to buy up, or pro-
cure in some way, from the poor eolored sol-
dier, a transfer'of his claim to themselves, and
then to pay themselves from the public funds
in their possession the full amount of the
claims. General Howard had procured the
passage of the act, which allows him to keep
pq^sessiou of the amounts necessary to meet
such claims, which he calls his retained bounty
fund. To show the enormous amounts thus
obtained by him, I refer to his official state-
ment, produced before the Committee on Refu-
gees, Freedmen. and Abandoned Lands, of the
House of Representatives, in March, 1870:
Bounty Account.
Amount received from bounties, prize inonp^s,
March, 1870 tfS,09'7.9S0 S9
Amount paid to March 1,18  0,840,989 (>1
Balance on hand March 1,1 70 $1,256,991 25
Thus it is seen that over one and a quarter
million dollars remain in the hands of Gene
ral Howard on this account alone. Whether
it is in safe keeping or not may be judged by
the evidence already referred to, which no un-
prejudiced or disinterested mind can be long
in determining.
About thirty thousand of these colored men
are missing, or who have not made application,
and in almost all cases from one to two years
elapse between the application and the final
decision of the bureau whether the papers were
regular and the claimant entitled to the pay.
Thus, between the absence of claimants and the
delays interposed by General Howard and his
officers, this enormous sum may remain in his
hands for an unlimited period.
That these frauds have been practiced upon
the freedmen to an alarming extent, there is
no doubt. It is in evidence that General How-
ard confessed to General Boynton that be
(Howard) knew that such frauds had been
practiced by certain persons in Kentucky. Gen-
eral Burbridge, of Kentucky, was called as a
witness, who testified that he had written How-
ard, and had received an answer from him on
the subject of buying up claims. It was then
proposed to prove by the witness that such
frauds had been practiced, and that officers in
high position in the Freedmen's Bureau were
parties to such frauds, that they were perpe-
trated through ttobureau, with the knowledge
of General HowarS, but the majority refused
to allow the witness to be interrogated in ref-
erence to these frauds.
Amongthe manyagencies used by the bureau
to carry out its objects in the southern States,
the American Missionary Society holds a prom-
inent place. This society, as has been stated,
was incorporated by the State of New York,
" for the purpose of conducting missionary and
educational operations and diffusing a knowl-
edge of the holy Scriptures in the United States
and other countries."
These were its objects, as declared in the
act of incorporation. Its chief office is in Bos-
ton, the president being Rev. Dr. Kirk, of
that city, and its treasurer Mr. Edgar Ketcham,
of New York, the counsel of General Howard
before the committee of investigation, who re-
sides in the latter named city. The society is
purely religious, and, as given in evidence, con-
fines itself to the support of the evangelical
churches. It has established agencies through-
outthe Union, but operates chiefly inthe South.
In almost every southern city its missionaries
may be found in active cooperation with the
officers and agents of the bureau and the freed-
men's savings-banks. It has established schools
and religious societies there, nearly all of
which are supported by the funds derived
from this source. To further extend the area
of its influence it publishes a monthly period-
ical called the American Missionary. This
is edited in the interests of General Howard
and the Republican party, and in hostility to
all other religious denominations but what it
terms the " evangelical." One of the appar-
ent aims of this periodical is to create ani-
mosities and hatreds in the heart of the poor
eolored man against white men among whom
he lives. 1 quote two extracts from the June
number, which are as follows, page 132:
"A Question an to Mental Ability.—Which is the
most talented, the white man or the bUek? Those
who think the colored people of the South have had
help enough are answering this question. Take a
case in point: before the war southern politicians
ruled the nation. The mightiest statesmen o! the
North succumbed to their talents or threats. Now
the freedmen, having the ballot, are called upon to
cope with these same southern politicians, and yet
some northern people tell U3 that the negroes need
no further assistance, or moral assistance. Is tins a
concession of superiority, or is it a thoughtless, per-
haps culpable, rejection of further responsibility to
the eolored inanV"
Again, on same page, the following:
"As the Roman Catholic Church is now making
extraordinary efforts to enshroud forever this once
unfortunate race in Popish superstition and dark-
ness, and as there are nowhere else in the world four
million people so eager to learn, so anxious for Bible
truth, and so near at hand for Christian labor as the
freedmen: Therefore,
" Itesolved, That we, as a conference of the Evan-
gelical Association, greatly rejoico over the labors
of the American Missionary Association, and do sin-
cerely desire to materially assist in educating and
evangelizing this once oppressed people; and would
thereiore recommend that the ministers of the va-
rious charges of the Ohio conference lift collections,
when practicable, and forward them to Itev. E. JI.
Cra.vath, 170 Elm street, Cincinnati, Ohio, or to Itev.
O. F. Markhaui, Oberlin, Ohio."
This periodical is distributed by the associ-
ation through its teachers among the freedmen.
To this society, organized and prosecuted
to accomplish these objects, General Howard
has disbursed, in three years, nearly a quarter
million dollars of the people's money. Its
treasurer is its legal adviser ; the son of the
treasurer was for some time his chief of staff
■and assistant in Washington ; his brother,
Charles Howard, is now the agent and super-
intendent of this association at Chicago, with
a salary of $3,500 a year, and who, as proved
by Dr. Whipple, the secretary of the associa-
tion, alone had disbursed the chief part of
the quarter million donated by Gen. Iiowiird.
Besides all this, sir, the bureau has trans-
ported teachers and missionaries of this asso-
ciation at Government expense from the North
to the midst of the freedmen in the South, and
has built with bureau funds a large nnaibcr of
school-houses in the South, aud given them to
this association. The most barefaced robbery is
effected in this way, as the testimony shows.
These school-houses are built in whole or in
part out of the bureau funds, and are given to
thisassociation. The association opens schools
in these school-houses, and receives rentfroui
