1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
41st Cons....3d Sess.
Right of Action, dtc.—Mr. Lawrence.
Ho. of Reps.
a husband or father or renders him incapable
of furnishing a support to a feeble wife or
helpless children, is not that a wrong? Is it
not a personal private injury to them? Who
■will deny it? If so, then why should there
not be a personal private remedy?
It is more than this. It is a public wrong,
an injury to the community, taxing industry to
support the beggars made by a useless and
•worse than useless traffic. In morals it is a
crime against individuals, society, the State—
against humanity and (iod.
In view of it we may well exclaim—
" Man's inhumanity to mail
Makes countless thousands mourn."
And, while this is so, shall the law, bring
no "healing on its wings?" Shall there be
"no balm in Gilead?" For one, myvoiceand
vote are for a remedy. I would teach men, if I
could, that their wrongs, crying as they do "to
heaven for vengeance," should not go unpun-
ished.
I cannot now go into statistics to prove the
extent and character of these evils, and thus
contemplate the extent of the redress this
measure is designed to furnish.
African slavery has been abolished, but the
greater evil of intemperance yet stalks abroad
with but little amendment, constitutional or
otherwise. If it cannot be abolished it can
be put under bonds to keep the peace, and
when it murders it can be taught that it shall
Iiot do _ so with impunity. It can be taught
that if justice sometimes sleeps, in its waking
hours its retribution may be swift and terri-
ble—sharper than the sword and more power-
ful than an army with banners.
Mr. Speaker, I will not pursue this subject
further. I have endeavored to perform an
humble duty in the fear and love of God and
His children. I appeal to the enlightened
judgment and conscience of those who shall
occupy the halls of Congress hereafter to per-
fect this measure and give to the capital of the
Republic its benefits and blessings. I invoke
for my countrymen the example which it will
set for all the States of this Union and for the
nations of the earth.
