PUBLIC ACTS OF THE FORTY-FIRST CONGRESS
OF THE
' TTNITED STATES,
Passed at the Third Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 5th day of December, A. D. 1870, and was adjourned without day on Saturday, the ilh day of
March, A. D. 1811.
Ulysses S. Grant, President. Schuyler Colfax, Vice President and President of the Senate. James G-. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Chap. I.—An Act to enlarge the Jurisdiction
of the Probate Courts in Idaho Territory.
Be it enactedbythe Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That, the probate courts
of the Territory of Idaho, in their respective
counties, in addition to their probate jurisdic-
tion, be, and they are hereby, authorized to
hear and determine all civil causes wherein the
damage or debt claimed does not exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive of in-
terest, and such criminal cases arising under
the laws of the Territory as do not require the
intervention of a grand jury: Provided, That
they shall not have jurisdiction in any matter
in controversy, when the title, boundary, or
right to the peaceable possession of land may
be in dispute, or in chancery or divorce cases :
And provided farther, That in all cases an
appeal may be taken from any order, judg-
ment, or decree of said probate courts to the
district court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this act
are hereby repealed: Provided, That this act
shall not affect any suitpendiug in the district
courts of said Territory at the time of its pas-
sage.
Approved, December 18, 1870.
Chap. II.—An Act granting to the Utah Central
Railroad Company a Right of Way through
the Public Lands for the Construction ot a
Railroad and Telegraph.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Congress assembled, That the right of way
through the public lands be, and the same is
hereby, granted to the Utah Central Railroad
Companv, a corporation created under the laws
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory ot
Utah, its successors and assigns, for the con-
struct,ion of a railroad and telegraph from a
point at or near Ogden City, in the Territory
of Utah, to Salt Lake City, in said lerntory ;
and the right, power, and authority ts [.areJ
hereby given to said corporation to take trom
the public lands adjacent to the line ot said
road material of earth, stone, timber, and so
forth, for the construction thereof. Said way
is granted to said railroad to the extent of two
hundred feet in widt.li on each side of said rail-
road where it may pass through the public
domain, including all necessary ground tor
station-buildings, work-shops, depots, maciime-
329
shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, and
water-stations: Provided, That within three
months from the passage of this act the said
Utah Central Railroad Company shall file with
the Secretary of the Interior a map to be ap-
proved by him, exhibiting the line of the rail-
road of said company, as the same has been
located and constructed: Provided further,
That said company shall not charge the^ Gov-
ernment higher rates than they do individuals
for like transportation and telegraphic ser-
vice. And it shall be the duty of the Utah
Central Railroad Company to permit any other
railroad, which has been or shall be authorized
to be built by the United States, or by the
Legislature of the Territory of Utah, to form
running connections with its road on fair and
equitable terms.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
United States make the grants herein, and
that the said Utah Central Railroad Company
accepts the same, upon the express condition
that the said company shall not exercise the
power given by section ten of chapter sixteen
of the laws of the Territory of Utah, approved
February ninet'eenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine ; and upon the further express con-
dition that if the said company make any breach
of the conditions hereof, then in such case, at
any time hereafter, the United States, b)[ its
Congress, may do any and all acts and things
which may be needful and necessary for the
enforcement of such conditions.
Sec. 3. And beit further enacted, Thatsaid
Utah Central railroad shall be a post route
and a military road, subject to the use of the
United States for postal, military, naval, and
all other Government service, and alsc> subject
to such regulations as Congress may impose,
restricting the charges for such Government
transportation.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, lhatthe
acceptance of the terms, conditions, and impo-
sitions of this act, by the said Utaa Central
Railroad Company, shall be signified m writ-
ill" under the corporate seal of said company,
duly executed pursuant to the direction ot its
board of directors first had and obtained, which
acceptance shall be made within three months
after the passage of this act, and shall be sei vea
on the President of the United Sta-tes ; and it
such acceptance and service shall not be so
made, this grant shall be void.
Sec. 5, And be it further enacted, That
Congress may at any time, having due regard
for the rights of said Utah Central Railroad
Company, add to, alter, amend, or repeal this
act.
Approved, December 15, 1870.
Chap. III.—An Act donating Chattahoochee
Arsenal to the State of Florida for Educa-
tional purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the public property,
with the grounds, buildings, and appurtenances
thereto belonging, situated in Gadsden county,
in the State of Florida, and known as the
"Chattahoochee Arsenal," and at present
occupied by said State as a penitentiary, be,
and the same are [is] hereby, granted and
donated to the State of Florida for educational
purposes.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War is hereby authorized and
directed to transfer said property to the board
of internal improvementot the State ol Florida,
to be held by them in trust, for the use, benefit,
and execution of the purpose of this grant, or
for such other public purposes as said board
may deem proper.
Approved, December 15, 1870.
Chaf. VI.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to reduce Internal Taxes, and for
other purposes," approved July fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep -
resentativesof the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of section
twenty-one of the act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes, approved July four-
teen, eighteen hundred and seventy, as relates to
sugar, be amended so [that] it will read—
On all sugar not above number seven, Dutch
standard in color, one and three quarter cents
per pound.
On all sugar above number seven, and not
above number ten? Dutch standard in color^
two cents per pound.
On all sugar above number ten, and not
above number thirteen, Dutch standard in
color, two and one quarter cents per pound.
On all sugar above number thirteen, and not
above number sixteen, Dutch standard in color,
two and three quarter cents per pound.
On all sugar above number sixteen, and not
above number twenty, Dutch standard in color,
three and one quarter cents per pound.
On all sugar above number twenty, Dutch
