1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
or enlisted or drafted man, who served as afore-
said in said war, and shall not have remarried.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall not apply to any person who is receiv-
ing a pension at the rate of eight dollars or
more per month; nor to any person receiving
a pension less than eight dollars per month,
except for the difference between the pension
now received and eight dollars per month.
Pensions under this act shall be at the rate of
eight dollars per month, except as herein pro-
vided when a person is receiving a pension of
less than eight dollars per month, and shall be
paid to the persons entitled thereto from and
alter the passage of this act for and during the
term of their natural lives.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That be-
fore the name of any person shall be placed
upon the pension roll under this act, proof
shall be made, under such rules and regulations
as the Secretary of the Interior may prescribe,
that the applicant is entitled to a peusion under
the provisions of this act; and any person who
shall falsely take any oath required to be taken
under the provisions of this act, shall be guilty
of perjury; and the Secretary of the Interior
shall cause to be stricken from the pension
roll the name of any person whenever it shall
appear, by proof satisfactory to him, that such
name was put upon such roll through false or
fraudulent representations as to the right of
such person to a pension under the provisions
of this act. The loss of a certificate of dis-
charge shall not deprive the applicant of the
benefits of this act, but other proof of services
performed and of an honorable discharge, if
satisfactory, shall be deemed sufficient.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of sections twelve and thirteen of
an act entitled "An act supplementary to 'An
act to grant pensions,' " approved July four,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and of sec-
tions two, three, and four of an act entitled
"An act supplementary to several acts relat-
ing to pensions," approved June six, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, shall be applicable to
the pensions granted by this act.
Approved, February 14, 1871.
Chap. LI.—An Act to provide for taking Tes-
timony to be used before the Departments.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any head of a De
partment or bureau in which a claim against
the United States is properly pending may
apply to any judge or clerk of any court of the
United States, in any State, District, or Ter-
ritory, to issue a subpoena for any witness re-
siding or being within the jurisdiction of such
court, to appear at a time and place in said
subpoena stated, before any officer authorized
to take depositions to be used in the courts ot
the United States, there to give full and true
answers to such written interrogatories and
cross-interrogatories as may be submitted with
said application, or to be orally examined and
cross-examined upon thesubject of such claim :
and if any witness, after being duly served with
such subpoena, shall neglect or refuse to ap-
pfur. or appearing shall refuse to testify, the
judge of the district in which the subpoena
issued may proceed upon proper process to
enforce obedience to the process, or to punish
the disobedience, in like manner as any court
of the United States may do in case of process
of subpoena ad testificandum issued by such
court; and witnesses in such case shall be
allowed the same compensation as is allowed
witnesses in the courts of the United States.^
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if
any witness who shall be duly sworn and ex-
amined under the provisions of this act^ shall
he guilty of intentional false swearing in his
testimony, he shall be deemed guilty of the
crime of perjury, and on conviction thereof
shall be punished in the same manner and to
the same extent as is provided against perjury
committed in the courts of the United States.
Sec. 3. And beit further enacted, That when-
ever any head of a Department or bureau shall
make application to take testimony under this
act, and shall be of opinion that the interests
of the United States require the attendance of
counsel at the examination, or if he shall be of
opinion that the interests of the United States
require legal investigation of such claim, he
shall give notice thereof to the Attorney Gen-
eral, and of all facts necessary to enable the
Attorney General to furnish properprofessional
service in attending such examination, or mak-
ing such investigation; and it shall be the duty
of the Attorney General to provide for such
service.
Approved, February 14, 1871.
Chap. LIII.—An Act prescribing an Oath of
Office to be taken by Persons who partici-
pated in the late Rebellion, but who are not
disqualified from holding Office by the Four-
teenth Amendment to the Constitution of the
United States.
Beit enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That when any person,
who is not rendered ineligible to office by the
provisions of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution, ^hall be elected or appointed to
any office of honor or trust under the Govern-
ment of the United States, and shall not be
able on account of his participation in the late
rebellion to take the oath prescribed in the act
of Congress approved July two, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, said person shall, in lieu
of said oath, before entering upon the duties
of said office, take and subscribe the oath pre-
scribed in an act of Congress entitled "An act
prescribing an oath of office to be taken by
persons from whom legal disabilities shall
have been removed," approved July eleven,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
J. G. BLAINE.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States and
President of the Senate.
Received by the President February 3, 1871.
[Note br the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having heen presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval.]
Chap. LIV.—An Act making Appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for
the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and seventy-two :
For additional pay of officers, and for pay
of instructors, cadets, and musicians, two hun-
dred and twenty-eight thousand seven hundred
and seventy-five dollars aud fifty cents.
For repairs and improvements, twenty-two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For fuel and apparatus, fourteen thousand
dollars.
For annual repairsof gas-pipes, gas-meters,
and retorts, six hundred dollars.
For fuel for cadets' mess-hall, and shops, and
laundry, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For postage and telegrams, two hundred
dollars.
For stationery, five hundred dollars.
For transportation, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For type and materials for office and diplo-
mas for graduates, four hundred dollars.
For cadet registers, class reports, and blanks,
three hundred dollars.
For compensation to pressman and lithog-
rapher, one hundred dollars.
For clerk to disbursing officer and quarter-
master, one thousand six hundred and fifty
dollars.
For clerk to adjutant, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For clerk to treasurer, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
Department of instruction in mathematics:
For surveyor's compass, fifty-eight dollars;
chain, eight dollars; leveling-rod, sixteen dol-
lars ; measuring-tapes, twelve dollars; repairs
to instruments, twenty dollars; text-books for
instructors, twenty dollars; in all, one hun-
dred and thirty-four dollars.
Artillery, cavalry, and infantry tactics:
Tan-bark for riding-hall and gymnasium, one
hundred and fifty dollars; stationery for assist-
ant instructors of tactics, one hundred dollars;
furniture for offices of commandant and officer
in charge, and the reception room for visitors,
three hundred dollars; for repairs and new
apparatus for gymnasium, five hundred dollars;
in all, one thousand and fifty dollars.
Civil aud military engineering:
For models, maps, and text-books for in-
structors, five hundred dollars.
Natural and experimental philosophy :
For pocket-barometer, seventy-five dollars;
for compasses, sixty dollars ; for repairs and
contingencies, two hundred dollars; com-
pensation to attendants, fifty dollars; in all,
three hundred and eighty-five dollars.
Drawing:
For pencil models for second class, fifty
dollars; colored models for second class, fifty
dollars ; topographical models for third class,
fifty dollars ; architectural models, and orna-
ments, twenty-five dollars ; paper, pencils,
colors, and brushes, ten dollars; in all, one
hundred and eighty-five dollars.
Ethics :
For text-books, books of reference, and
stationery for instructors, fifty dollars.
French:
Fortext-books and stationery for instructors,
twenty-five dollars.
Spanish:
For text-books and stationery for instructors,
fifty dollars.
Chemistry, mineralogy, and geology :
For chemicals, including glass, porcelain
ware, paper, wires, and sheet copper, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars; for material for prac-
tical instructions in photography, two hundred
and fifty dollars; for work bench and tools,
and tools for lathe, sixty-five dollars ; for car-
penters' and metal work, fifty dollars; for
gradual increase of the cabinet, five hundred
dollars ; for rough specimens, files, and alco-
hol lamps for practical instruction, two hun-
dred dollars: for fossils illustrating American
rocks, for daily use in section rooms, one hun-
dred and fifty dollars; for repairs and improve-
ments in electric, galvanic, magnetic, electro-
magnetic, and magneto-electric apparatus, foui
hundred and fifty dollars ; for galvanic battery
and lamp regulator, one hundred and forty
dollars ; for repairs and addition to pneumatic
and thermic apparatus, one hundred atid litty
dollars; for' Voightlander's earner.,, tube,
seventy-five dollars; for Dullmeyer'a r:ip'd
rectilinear lens, one hundred and fifty-five
dollars; for Ladd's dynamomagneto-eleetrjc
