336
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
41st Con9....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
machine complete, one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty dollars; for additional compen-
sation to attendant, fifty dollars; in all, five
thousand four hundred and eighty-five dollars.
Miscellaneous and contingent expenses:
For gas, coal, oil for lighting Academy and
cadets' barracks, mess-hallandhospital,offices,
stables, and side-walk, four thousand dollars ;
for water pipes, plumbing, and repairs, two
thousand dollars ; scrubbing public buildings,
(not quarters,) five hundred and sixty dollars ;
brooms, brushes, tubs, pails, and wages of
scrubbers and cleaners, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars ; chalk, sponge, and slates for reci-
tation-rooms, one hundred dollars; compen-
sation of organist of chapel, two hundred
dollars; compensation to librarian, one hun-
dred and twenty dollars; compensation to non-
commissioned officers in charge of mechanics,
fifty dollars; compensation to soldier writing
in adjutant's office, fifty dollars; amounting in
all to eight thousand live hundred and eighty
dollars.
For increase and expense of library, books,
magazines, periodicals, and binding, two thou-
sand dollars; salary of librarian's assistant,
one thousand dollars, while the office is held
by the present incumbent.
For contingencies for superintendent, one
thousand dollars.
For furniture for cadet hospital, one hun-
dred dollars.
For expenses of Board of Visitors, to wit:
board, lodging, and travelling allowances, three
thousand dollars.
For repairing and opening roads and paths,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For grading, draining, and improving drill
ground, one thousand dollars.
For increasing the supply of water, rebuild-
ing dam for reservoir at the foot of Crows'
Nest mountain, five thousand dollars.
For survey, map, and estimate for plan for
bringing water from Round pond, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For heating apparatus, book cases for
archives, office furniture, upholstery, blinds,
gas-pipes and fixtures in fire-proof building
for public office and archives, five thousand
dollars.
Approved, February 18, 1871.
Chap. LY.—An Act for the Relief of certain
Purchasers of Lands from the legal repre-
sentatives of Bartholomew Cousin.
Whereas the claim of Bartholomew Cousin,
or his legal representatives, is embraced in
Recorder Bates' [s] report of February second,
eighteen hundred and sixteen, and confirmed
to the extent of a league square, and survey
numbered two thousand one hundred and
ninety-six was made for the same in the year
eighteen hundred and eighteen; and whereas
a further confirmation was made of eight hun-
dred and ninety-nine arpens, or six hundred
and sixty-four and seventy-eight hundredths
acres, in the favorable report, numbered sixty-
one, of the board of commissioners, under the
acts of Congress of the years eighteen hundred
and thirty-twoand eighteen hundred and thirty-
three, confirmed by the act of July, eighteen
hundred and thirty-six: Therefore,
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall and may be
lawful for the county surveyor of the county
of Capo Girardeau, or whomsoever may be
designated by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, to select an area, in compact
form, asnearas maybe to the quantity of acres
of the confirmation by act of July fourth, eight-
een hundred and thirty-six, according to legal
subdivisions, and in full satisfaction of said
claim: beginning at a corner where a line of
the survey numbered two thousand one hun-
dred and ninety-six intersects the north line
of section twelve, township thirty-one north,
range eleven east, near the northeast corner
of said section twelve; thence with said line
of said survey two thousand one hundred and
ninety-six to a corner of said survey two thou-
sand one hundred and ninety-six, in section
twenty-three of said township and range; thence
westwardly on a line a sufficient distance that
a line projected northwardly parallel with the
western boundary line of survey numbered
two thousand one hundred and ninety-six, and
running eastwardly to the place of beginning,
will include the said quantity of six hundred
and sixty-four and seventy-eight hundredths
acres; and thereafter, and within one year
from the passage of this act, the parties claim-
ing in right of said Cousin any tract outside
of the limits of said survey numbered two thou-
sand one hundred and ninety-six, and the
selection authorized by this act to make good
the second confirmation aforesaid, be, and are
hereby, authorized, on satisfactory proof to
the register and receiver of the land district in
which said tracts are situated, of such right,
to make payment therefor at the rate of one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, or by
pre-emption or claim of homestead, according
to the laws of the United States in such cases
made and provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
tract or parcel of laud, after the survey and
adjustment of said confirmation,'which is not
embraced therein but withheld from sale by the
Government of the Onited States by reason
of the supposed interference and non-survey
of said second confirmation, thereafter and in
one year from the adjustment of said survey
any party or person residing upon and culti-
vating such tract or parcel of land withheld
from sale as aforesaid at and before the pas-
sage of this act, upon making satisfactory proof
to the register and receiver of the land district
in which such tracts or parcels are situate of
actual settlement according to the provisions
of this section, be, and are hereby, authorized
to enter said tracts, not to exceed one hundred
and sixty acres, including improvements, at
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, or
claim the same as a homestead, agreeably to
the act of Congress granting homesteads to
actual settlers.
Approved, February 18, 1871.
Chap. LYI.—An ,\ct to cede to the State of
Ohio the Unsold Lands in the Virginia Mili-
tary District in said State.
lie it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Onited States of America in
Congress assembled, That the lands remaining
unsurveyed and unsold m the Virginia military
district m the State of Ohio be, and the same
are hereby, ceded to the State of Ohio, upon
the conditions following, to wit: any person
who, at the time of the passage of this act, is
a bona fide settler on any puition of said land
may hold not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres so by him occupied by his pre-empting
the same in such manner as the Legislature
of the State of Ohio may direct.
Approved, February 18, 1871.
Chap. LVII.—An Act to repeal an Act enti-
tled "An Act for the Survey of Grants or
Claims of Land," approved June second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That an act entitled "An
act tor the survey of grants or claims of land,"
approved June second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, being chapter XC. of the acts of the
second session of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress of the United States, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed: Provided, That the repeal
of said act shall not affect any rights hereto-
fore acquired under the same.
Approved, February 18, 1871.
Chap. LYIII.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to confirm Title to certain
Lands in Illinois."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the description of
the lands mentioned in said act be so amended
as to read township two north, instead of
"town[ship] one north."
Approved, February 18, 1871.
Chap. LTX.—An Act relinquishing to the City
of Dubuque, Iowa, whatever Title may re-
main in the United States to a certain Lot
of Ground in Dubuque.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whatever title may
remain in the United States to a certain lot or
parcel of ground in Dubuque, Iowa, be, and
the same is hereby, relinquished to the city of
Dubuque and its assignees, which lot or parcel
of ground is bounded by the city limits, main
street, and out lots numbers six hundred and
seventy-three, six hundred and seventy four,
six hundred and seventy-seven, and six hun-
dred and seventy-eight, and designated as a
"grave yard," on the official plat of Dubuque,
as laid out by the commissioners under the
acts of July second, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, and March third, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven.
Approved, February 18, 1871.
Chap. LXI.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Consular and Diplomatic Expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the objects hereinafter
expressed, forthefiscal yearending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, namely :
For salary of envoys extraordinary and min-
isters plenipotentiary to Great Britain and
France, at seventeen thousand five hundred
dollars each, thirty-five thousand dollars.
To Russia, Prussia, Spain, Austria, Brazil,
Mexico, China, and Italy, at twelve thousand
dollars each, ninety-six thousand dollars.
To Chili, Peru, and Japan, ten thousand
dollars each, thirty thousand dollars.
For ministers resident at Portugal, Switzer-
land, Greece, Belgium, Holland, Denmark,
Sweden, Turkey, Ecuador, New Granada, Bo-
livia, Venezuela, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Sand-
wich Islands, Costa Rica, Honduras, and Sal-
vador, at seven thousand five hundred dollars
each, one hundred and thirty-five thousand
dollars.
For minister resident at the Argentine Re-
public, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For minister to Uruguay, accredited also to
Paraguay, eleven thousand two hundred and
fifty dollars.
For salary of minister resident and consul
general at Hayti, seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For salary of minister resident and consul
general at Liberia, four thousand dollars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation, as
follows:
At London and Paris, two thousand six
hundred and twenty five dollars each, five
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
At Saint Petersburg, Madrid, Berlin, Flor-
ence, Vienna, Rio de Janeiro, and Mexico, one
