1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
Laws of the United States,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
thousand eight hundred dollars each, twelve
thousand six hundred dollars.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of lega-
tion at London and Paris, two thousand dollars
each, four thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation, act-
ing as interpreter to the legation to China, five
thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to
Turkey, acting as interpreter, three thousand
dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation
to Japan, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course proper and all contingent expenses of
all missions abroad, one hundred thousand
dollars.
To enable Robert C. Schenck, minister to
Great Britain, to employ a private amanuensis,
according to joint resolution approved January
eleven, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of consuls general, consuls, vice
consuls, commercial agents, and thirteen con-
sular clerks, including loss by exchange thereon,
namely, three hundred and ninety-one thou-
sand and two hundred dollars:
i. consulates general.
Schedule B.
Alexandria, Calcutta, Constantinople, Frank-
fort-on-the-Main,Havana, Montreal, Shanghai,
Beirut, Tiiinpico, London, Paris.
ii. consulates.
Schedule B.
Aix-la-Chapelle, Acapulco, Algiers, Arnoy,
Amsterdam, Antwerp, Aspinwall, Bangkok,
Basle, Belfast, Buenos Ayres, Bordeaux, Bre-
men, Brindisi, Boulogne, Barcelona, Cadiz,
Callao, Canton, Chemnitz, ChinKiang, Clifton,
Coaticook, Cork, Demerara, Dundee, Elsinore,
FortErie, Foo-Choo, Funchal, Geneva, Genoa,
Gibraltar, Glasgow, Goderich, Halifax, Ham-
burg, Havre, Honolulu, Hong-Kong, Hankow,
Hakodadi, Jerusalem, Kanagawa, Kingston,
(Jamaica,) Kingston, (Canada.) La Rochelle,
Laguayra, Leeds, Leghorn, Leipsic, Lisbon,
Liverpool, Lyons, Malaga, Malta, Manchester,
Matanzas, Marseilles. Mauritius, Melbourne,
Messina, Munich, Mahe, Nagasaki, Naples,
Nassau, (West Indies,) New Castle, Nice,
Nantes, Odessa, Oporto, Osacca, Palermo,
Panama, Pernambuco, Pictou, Port Mahou,
Port Said, Prescott, Prince Edw.ard Island,
Quebec, Rio Janeiro, Rotterdam, San Juan
del Sur, San Juan, (Porto Rico,) Saint John's,
(CanadaEast,) Santiago de Cuba, PortSarnia,
Rome, Singapore, Smyrna,Southampton,Saint
Petersburg, Santa Cruz, (West Indies,) Saint
Thomas, Spezzia, Stuttgardt, Swatow, Saint
Helena, Tangier, Toronto, Trieste, Trinidad
de Cuba, Tripoli, Tunis, Tunstall, Turk's
Island, Valparaiso, Vera Cruz, Vienna, Valen-
cia, Windsor, Yeddo, Zurich, Birmingham,
Barmen, and Winnepeg, (Selkirk settlement,
British North America.)
iii. commercial agencies.
Schedule B.
Madagascar, Sail Juaa del Norte, Sail Do-
mingo.
iv. 1'oxsulates.
Schedule C.
Aux Cayes, Bahia, Batavia, Bay of Islands,
Cape Haytien, Candia, Cape Town, Cartha-
gena, Ceylon, Cobija,Cyprus, Falkland Islands,
Fayal, Guayaquil, Guaymas, Maraiiham. llat-
arnoras, Mexico, Montevideo, Oinoa, Payta,
Para, Puso del Norte, Piraeus, llio Grande,
Saint Catharine, Saint John, (Newfoundland,)
Santiago, (Capo Verde,) Stettin, Tabasco,
Tahiti, Taleahuano,Tumbez,Venice, Zanaibar.
v. commeiic1al agencies.
Amoor iliver, Apia, Belize, Gaboon, Saint
Paul de Loando, Lanthala, Sabinilla.
41st Cong. 3d Skss.—No. 22.
For interpreters to the consulates in China,
Japan, Siam, and Turkey, including loss by
exchange thereon, five thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For salaries of the marshals for the consular
courts in Japan, including th^t at Nagasaki,
and in China, Siam, and Turkey, including
loss by exohange thereon, seven thousand
seven hundred dollars.
For stationery, book-cases, arms of the
United States, seals, presses, and flags, and
payment of rent, freight, postage, and miscel-
laneous expenses, including loss by exchange,
sixty thousand dollars.
For expenses for interpreters, guards, and
other matters, at the consulates at Constan-
tinople, Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, Jerusa-
lem, and Beirut, in the Turkish dominions,
three thousand dollars.
For rent of prisons for American convicts
in Japan, China, Siam, and Turkey, and for
wages of the keepers of the same, including
loss by exchange, twenty-one thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars.
For expenses under the neutrality act, twenty
thousand dollars.
For expenses incurred under instructions of
the Secretary of State, of bringing home from
foreign countries persons charged with crimes,
and expenses incident thereto, including loss
by exchange, five thousand dollars.
For relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in ac-
knowledging the services of masters and crews
of foreign vessels in rescuing American citi-
zens from shipwreck, five thousand dollars.
For payment of the seventh annual instal-
ment of the proportion contributed by the
United States toward the capitalization of the
Scheldt dues, fifty-five thousand five hundred
and eighty-four dollars; and for such farther
sum, not exceeding five thousand dollars, as
may be necessary to carry out the stipulations
of the treaty between the United States and
To pay to the Government of Great Britain
and Ireland the second and last instalment of
the amount awarded by the commissioners
under the treaty of July one, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, in satisfaction of the
claims of the Hudson's Bay and of the Puget
Sound Agricultural Company, three hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars in gold coin:
Provided, That before payment shall be made
of that portion of the above sum awarded to
the Puget Sound Agricultural Company, all
taxes legally assessed upon any of the property
of said company covered by said award, before
the same was made, and still unpaid, shall be
extinguished by said Puget Sound Agricultural
Company; or the amount of such taxes shall
be withheld by the Government of the United
States from the sum hereby appropriated.
Approved, February 21, 1871.
Chap. LX1I.—An Act to provide a Govern-
ment for the District of Columbia.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all that part of the ter-
ritory of the United States included within the
limits of the District of Columbia be, and the
same is hereby, created into a government by
the name of the District of Columbia, by which
name it is hereby constituted a body corporate
for municipalmu'poses, and may contract and
be contractecTwitl), sue and be sued, plead and
be impleaded, have a seal, and exercise all
other powers of a municipal corporation not
inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of
the U mted States and the provisions of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
executive power and authority in and over said
District of Columbia shall be vested in a Gov-
ernor, who shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, and who shall hold his office for four years,
and until his successor shall be appointed and
qualified. The Governor shall be a citizen of
and shall have resided within said District
twelve months before his appointment, and
hate the qualifications of an elector. He may
grant pardons and respites for offenses against
the laws of said District enacted by the Legis-
lative Assembly thereof; he shall commission
all officers who shall be elected or appointed
to office under the laws of the said District
enacted as aforesaid, and shall take care that
the laws be faithfully executed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That every
bill which shall have passed the council and
house of delegates shall, before it becomes a
law, be presented to the Governor of the Dis-
trict of Columbia ; if he approve, he shall sign
it, but if not, he shall return it, with his objec-
tions, to the house in which it shall have ori-
ginated, who shall enter the objections at large
on their journal, and proceed to reconsider it.
If, after such reconsideration, two thirds of
all the members appointed or elected to the
house shall agree to pass the bill, it shall be
sent, together with the objections, to the other
house, by which it shall likewise be reconsid-
ered, and if approved by two thirds of all the
members appointed or elected to that house,
it shall become a law. But in all such cases
the votes of both houses shall be determined
by yeas and nays, and the names of the per-
sons voting for and against the bill shall be
entered on the journal of each house respect-
ively. If any bill shall not be returned by the
Governor within ten days (Sundays excepted)
after it shall have been presented to him, the
same shall be a law in like manner as if he had
signed it, unless the Legislative Assembly by
their adjournment prevent its return, in which
case it shall not be a law.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
secretary of said District, who shall reside
therein and possess the qualification of an
elector, and shall hold his office for four years,
and until his successor shall be appointed and
qualified; he shall record and preserve all
laws and proceedings of the Legislative Assem-
bly hereinafter constituted, and all the acts and
proceedings of the Governor in his executive
department; he shall transmit one copy of the
laws and journals of the Legislative Assembly
within thirty days after the end of each session,
and one copy of the executive proceedings
and official correspondence semi-annually, on
the first days of January and July in each year,
to the President of the United States, and four
copies of the laws to the President of the Sen-
ate and to the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, for the use of Congress ; and in
case of the death, removal, resignation, dis-
ability, or absence, of the Governor from the
District, the secretary shall be, and he is here-
by, authorized and required to execute and
perform all the powers and duties of the
Governor during such vacancy, disability, or
absence, or until another Governor shall be
duly appointed and qualified to fill such vacan-
cy. And in case the offices of Governor and
secretary shall both become vacant, the powers,
duties, and emoluments of the office of Gov-
ernor shall devolve upon the presiding officer
of the council, and in case that office shall
also be vacant, upon the presiding officer of
the house of delegates, until the office shall be
filled by a new appointment.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, Thai
legislative power and authority in said District
shall be vested in a Legislative Assembly as
hereinafter provided. The Assembly shall
consist of a council and house of delegates.
