338
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
41sx Cons....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
The council shall consist of eleven members,
of whom two shall be residents of the city of
Georgetown, and two residents of the county
outside of the cities of Washington and George-
town, who shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, who shall have the qualification
of voters as hereinafter prescribed, five of
whom shall be first appointed for the term of
one year, and six for the period of two years,
provided that all subsequent appointments
shall be for the term of two years. The house
of delegates shall consist of twenty-two mem-
bers, possessing the same qualifications as
prescribed for the members of the council,
whose term of service shall continue one
year. An apportionment shall be made, as
neai-Iy equal as practicable, into eleven dis-
tricts for the appointment of the council, and
into twenty-two districts for the election of
delegates, giving to each section of the Dis-
trict representation in the ratio of its popula-
tion as nearly as may be. And the members
of the council and of the house of delegates
shall reside in and be inhabitants of the dis-
tricts from which theyare appointed or elected,
respectively. For the purposes of the first
election to be held under this act, the Gov-
ernor and judges of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia shall designate the dis-
tricts for members of the house of delegates,
appoint a board of registration and persons to
superintend the election and the returns there-
of, prescribe the time, places, and manner of
conducting such election, and make all need-
ful rules and regulations for carrying into effect
the provisions of this act not otherwise herein
provided for: Provided, That the first elec-
'lion shall be held within sixty days from the
passage of this act. In the first and all sub-
sequent elections the persons having the high-
est number of legal votes for the house of
delegates, respectively, shall be declared by
the Governor duly elected members of said
house, in case two or more persons voted
for shall have an equal number of votes for
the same office, or if a vacancy shall occur in
tho house of delegates, the Governor shall
order a new election. And the persons thus
ajipoin ted and elected to the Legislative Assem-
bly shall meet at such time and at such place
within the District as the Governor shall
appoint; but thereafter the time, place, and
manner of holding and conducting all elections
by the people, and the formation of the dis-
tricts for members of the council and house
of delegates, shall be prescribed by law, as
well as the day of the commencement of the
regular sessions of the Legislative Assembly:
Provided, That 110 session in any one year
shall exceed tho term of sixty days, except
tho first session, which may continue one
hundred days.
Snc. (>. And be it farther enacted. That the
Legislative Assembly shall have power to divide
that portion of the District not included in the
corporate limits of Washington or Georgetown
into townships, not exceeding three, and create
township officers, and prescribe the duties
thereof; but all township officers shall be
elected by the people of the townships respect-
ively.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all
male citizens of the United States, above the
age of twenty-one years, who shall have been
actual residents of said District for three months
prior to the passage of this act, except such
as are non compos mentis and persons con-
victed of infamous crimes, shall be entitled to
vote at said election, in the election district
or precinct in which he shall then reside, and
shall have so resided for thirty days immedi-
ately preceding said election, and shall be eli-
gible to any otlice within the said District, and
for all subsequent elections twelve months'
prior residence shall bo required to constitute
a voter; but the Legislative Assembly shall
have no right to abridge or limit the right of
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no
person who has been or hereafter shall be con-
victed of bribery, perjury, or other infamous
crime, nor any person who has been or may
be a collector or holder of public moneys who
shall not have accounted for and paid over,
upon final judgment duly recovered according
to law, all such moneys due from him, shall
be eligible to the Legislative Assembly or to
any office of profit or trust in said District.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That
members of the Legislative Assembly, before
they-enter upon their official duties, shall take
and subscribe the following oath or affirma-
tion : " I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I
will support the Constitution of the United
States, and will faithfully discharge the duties
of the office upon which I am about to enter;
and that I have not knowingly or intentionally
paid or contributed anything, or made any
promise in the nature of a bribe, to directly or
indirectly influence any vote at the election at
which I was chosen to fill the said office, and
have not accepted, nor will I accept, or receive,
directly or indirectly, any money or other val-
uable thing for any vote or influence that I may
give or withhold on any bill, resolution, or
appropriation, or for any other official act."
Any member who shall refuse to take the oath
herein prescribed shall forfeit his office, and
every person who shall be convicted of having
sworn falsely to or of violating his said oath
shall forfeit his office and be disqualified there-
after from holding any office of profit or trust
in said District, and shall be deemed guilty of
perjury, and upon conviction shall be punished
accordingly.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That a
majority of the Legislative Assembly appointed
or elected to each house shall constitute a
quorum. The house of delegates shall be the
judge of the election returns and qualifications
of its members. Each house shall determine
the rules of its proceedings, and shall choose
its own officers. The Governor shall call the
council to order at the opening of each new
Assembly ; and the secretary of the District
shall call the house of delegates to order at the
opening of each new Legislative Assembly,
and shall preside over it until a temporary pre-
siding officer shall have been chosen and shall
have taken his seat, No member shall be ex-
pelled by either house except by a vote of two
thirds of all the members appointed or elected
to that house. Bach house may punish by
imprisonment any person not a member who
shall be guilty of disrespect to the house by
disorderly or contemptuous behavior in its
presence; but no such imprisonment shall
extend beyond twenty-four hours at one time.
Neither house shall, without the consent of
the other, adjourn for more than two days, or
to any other place than that in which such
house shall be sitting. At the request of any
member the yeas and nays shall be taken upon
any question and entered npon the journal.
Sec. 11. Ancl be it further enacted, That
bills may originate in either house, but may be
altered, amended, or rejected by the other;
and on the final passage of all bills the vote
shall be by yeas and nays upon each bill sep-
arately, and shall be entered upon the journal,
and no bill shall become a law without the
concurrence of a majority of the members
elected to each house.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That
every bill shall be read at large"%n three dif-
ferent days in each house. No act shall em-
brace more than one subject, and that shall be
expressed in its title; but if any subject shall
be embraced in an act which shall not be
expressed in the title, such act shall be void
only as to so- much thereof as shall not be so
expressed in the title ; and no act of the Legis-
lative Assembly shall take effect until thirty
days after its passage, unless, in case of emer-
gency, (which emergency shall be expressed in
the preamble or body of the act,) the Legisla-
tive Assembly shall by a vote of two thirds of
all the members appointed or elected to each
house otherwise direct.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That no
money shall be drawn from the treasury of
the District, except in pursuance of an appro-
priation made by law, and no bill making
appropriations for the pay or salaries of the
officers of the District government shall con-
tain any provisions on any other subject.
Seo. 14. And be it further enacted, That
each Legislative Assembly shall provide for
all the appropriations necessary for the ordin-
ary and contingent expenses of the govern-
ment of the District until the expiration of the
first fiscal quarter after the adjournment of
the next regular session, the aggregate amount
of which shall not be increased without a vote
of two thirds of the members elected or ap-
pointed to each house as herein provided, nor
exceed the amount of revenue authorized by
law to be raised in such time, and all appro-
priations, general or special, requiring money
to be paid out of the District treasury, from
funds belonging to the District, shall end with
such fiscal quarter; and no debt, by which the
aggregate debt of the District shall exceed five
per cent, of the assessed property of the Dis-
trict, shall be contracted, unless the law author-
izing the same shall at a general election have
been submitted to the people and have received
a majority of the votes cast for members of
the Legislative Assembly at such election. The
Legislative Assembly shall provide for the pub-
lication of said law in at least two newspapers in
the District for three months, at least, before the
vote of the people shall be taken on the same,
and provision shall be made in the act for the
payment of the interest annually, as it shall
accrue, by a tax levied for the purpose, or
from other sources of revenue, which law pro-
viding for the payment of such interest by such
tax shall be irrepealable until such debt be
paid: Provided, That the law levying the tax
shall be submitted to the people with the law
authorizing the debt to be contracted.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That
the Legislative Assembly shall never grant or
authorize extra compensation, fee, or allowance
to any public officer, agent, servant, or con-
tractor, after service has been rendered or a
contract made, nor authorize the payment of
any claim, or part thereof, hereafter created
against the District under any contract or
agreement made, without express authority of
law; and all such unauthorized agreements or
contracts shall be null and void.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
the District shall never pay, assume, or become
responsible for the debts or liabilities of, or in
any manner give, loan, or extend its credit to
or in aid of any public or other corporation,
association, or individual.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That
the Legislative Assembly shall not pass special
laws in any of the following cases, that is to
say: for granting divorces; regulating the
practice in courts of justice; regulating the
jurisdiction or duties of justices of the peace,
police magistrates, or constables; providing
for changes of venue in civil or criminal cases,
or swearing and impaneling jurors; remitting
fines, penalties, or forfeitures; the sale or
mortgage of real estate belonging to minors
or others under disability; changing the law
of descent; increasing or decreasing the fees
of public officers during the term for which
said officers are elected or appointed; grant-
ing to any corporation, association, or indi-
vidual, any special or exclusive privilege, im-
munity, or franchise whatsoever. The Legis-
