1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
Laios of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
lative Assembly shall have no power to release
or extinguish, in whole or in part, the indebt-
edness, liability, or obligation of aay corporj
ation or individual to the District or to any
municipal corporation therein, nor shall the
Legislative Assembly have power to establish
any bank of circulation, nor to authorize any
company or individual to issue notes for cir-
culation as money or currency.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That
the legislative power of the District shall extend
to all rightful subjects of legislation within said
District, consistent with the Constitution of the
United States and the provisions of this act,
subject, nevertheless, to all the restrictions
aud limitations imposed upon States by the
tenth section of the first article of the Consti-
tution of the United States; but all acts of the
Legislative Assembly shall at all times be sub-
ject to repeal or modification by the Congress
of the United States, and nothing herein shall
be construed to deprive Congress of the power
of legislation over said District in as ample
manner as if this law had not been enacted.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That
no member of the Legislative Assembly shall
hold or be appointed to any office, which shall
have beeu created or the salary or emoluments
of which shall have been increased while he
was a member, during the term for which he
was appointed or elected, and for one year
after the expiration of such term; and no per-
son holding any office of trust or profit under
the Government of the United States shall be a
member of the Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That
the said Legislative Assembly shall not have
power to pass any ex post facto law, nor law
impairing the obligation of contracts, nor to
tax the property of the United States, nor to
tax the lands or other property of non-res-
idents higher than the lands or other property
of residents; nor shall lands or other property
in said District be liable to a higher tax, in any
one year, for all general objects, territorial
and municipal, than two dollars on every
hundred dollars of the cash value thereof; but
special taxes may be levied in particular sec-
tions, wards, or districts for their particular
local improvements; nor shall said territorial
government have power to borrow money or
issue stock or bonds for any object whatever,
unless specially authorized by an act of the
Legislative Assembly, passed by a vote of two
thirds of the entire number of the members ol.
each branch thereof, but said debt in no case
to exceed five per centum of the assessed value
of the property of said District, unless author-
ized by a vote of the people, as hereinafter
[hereinbefore] provided.
Sec. 21. And be it furtherenacted, lhat the
property of that portion of the District not
included in the corporations of Washington
or Georgetown shall not be taxed for the pur-
poses either of improving the streets, alleys,
public squares, or other public property of the
paid cities, or either of them, nor for any other
expenditure of a local nature, for the exclusive
benefit of said cities, or either oi them, nor tor
the payment of any debt heretofore contracted,
or that may hereafter be contracted by either ol
said cities while remaining under a municipal
government not coextensive with the District.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted,! hat the
property within the corporate limits of George-
town shall not be taxed for the payment ol any
debt heretofore or hereafter to be contracted
by the corporation of Washington, nor shall
the property within the corporate limits o
Washington be taxed for the payment of any
debt heretofore or hereafter to be contracted
by the corporation of Georgetown; and so long
as said cities shall remain under distinct muni-
cipal governments, the property within the cor-
porate limits of either of said cities shall not
be taxed for the local benefit of the other; nor
shall said cities, or either of them, be taxed
for the exclusive benefit of the county outside
of the limits thereof: Provided, That the Legis-
lative Assembly may make appropriations for
the repair of roads, or for the construction or
repair of bridges outside the limits of said
cities.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of said Legislative Assembly
to maintain a system of free schools for the
education of the youth of said District, and
all moneys raised by general taxation or aris-
ing from donations by Congress, or from other
sources, except by bequest or devise, for school
purposes, shall be appropriated for the. equal
benefit of all the youths of said District between
certain ages, to be defined by law.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That the
said Legislative Assembly shall have power to
provide for the appointment of as many justices
of the peace and notaries public for said Dis-
trict as may be deemed necessary, to define
their jurisdiction and prescribe their duties;
but justices of the peace shall not have_ juris-
diction of any controversy in which the title of
land may be in dispute, or in which the debt
or sum claimed shall exceed one hundred dol-
lars: Provided, however, That all justices of
the peace and notaries public now in commis-
sion shall continue in office till their present
commissions expire, unless sooner removed
pursuant to existing laws.
Sec. 25. Andbe it further enacted, That the
judicial courts of said District shall remain as
now organized until abolished or changed by
act of Congress; but such Legislative Assembly
shall have power to pass laws modifying the
practice thereof, and conferring such addi-
tional jurisdiction as maybe necessary to the
due execution and enforcement of the laws of
said District.
Sec.'26. And be it further enacted, lhat
there shall be appointed by the President of
the United States, by and frith the advice and
consent of the Senate, a board of health for
said District, to consist of five persons, whose
duty it shall be to declare what shall be deemed
nuisances injurious to health, and to provide
for the removal thereof; to make and enforce
regulations to prevent domestic animals from
running at large in the cities of Washington and
Georgetown; to prevent the sale of unwhole-
some food in said cities; and to perform such
other duties as shall be imposed upon said
board by the Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That the
offices and duties of register of wills, recorder
of deeds, United States attorney, and United
States marshal for said District shall remain
as under existing laws till modified by act of
Congress; but said Legislative Assembly shall
have power to impose such additional duties
upon said officers, respectively, as may be
necessary to the due enforcement of the laws
of said District.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That the
said Legislative Assembly shall have power
to create by general law, modify, repeal, or
amend, within said District, corporations ag-
gregate for religious, charitable, educational,
industrial, or commercial purposes, and to
define their powers and liabilities: 1 roviaeu.
That the powers of corporations so created
shall be limited to the District of Columbia.
Sec. 29. And be ii further enacted, lhat the
Legislative Assembly shall define by law who
shall be entitled to relief as paupers m said
District, and shall provide by law for the sup-
port and maintenance of such paupers, and
for that purpose shall raise the money neces-
sary by taxation. ,
Sec. 00. Andbe itfurther enacted, That the
Legislative Assembly shall have power to pro-
vide by law for the election or appointment
of such ministerial officers as may be deemed
necessary to carry into effect the laws of said
District, to prescribe their duties, their terms
of office, and the rate and manner of their
compensation.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That the
Governor, secretary, and other officers to be
appointed pursuant to this act, shall, before
they act as such, respectively, take and sub-
scribe an oath or affirmation before a judge ,
of the supreme court of the District of Colum- !
bia, or some justice of the j)eace in the limits
of said District, duly authorized to administer
oaths or affirmations by the laws now in force
therein, or before the Chief Justice or some
associate justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States, to support the Constitution of
the United States, and faithfully to discharge
the duties of their respective offices; which
said oaths, when so taken, shall be certified
by the person before whom the same shall have
been taken; and such certificates shall be re-
ceived andreeordedby thesaid secretary among
the executive proceedings; and all civil officers
in said District, before they act as such, shall
take and subscribe a like oath or affirmation
before thesaid Governor or secretary, or some
judge or justice of the peace of the District,
who may be duly commissioned and qualified,
or before the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, which said oath
or affirmation shall be certified and transmitted
by the person administering the same to the
secretary, to be by him recorded as aforesaid;
and afterward the like oath or affirmation shall
betaken and subscribed, certified and recorded
in such mannerandform as may be prescribed
by law.
Sec. 32. And be it f urther enacted, That the
Governor shall receive an annual salary of
three thousand dollars; and the secretary shall
receive an annual salary of two thousand dol-
lars, and that the said salaries shall be paid
quarter-yearly, from the dates of the respect-
ive appointments, at the Treasury of the United
States; but no payment shall be made until
said officers shall have entered upon the duties
of their respective appointments. The mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly shall be enti-
tled to receive four dollars each per day during
their actual attendance at the session thereof,
and an additional allowance of four dollars
per day shall be paid to the presiding officer
of each house for each day he shall so preside.
And a chief clerk, one assistant clerk, one
engrossing and one enrolling clerk, and a
sergeant-at- arms may be chosen for each house;
and the chief clerk shall receive four dollars
per day, and the said other officers three dol-
lars per day, during the session of the Legis-
lative Assembly: Provided, That there shall
be but one session of the Legislative Assembly
annually, unless, on an extraordinary occasion,
the Governor shall think proper to call the
Legislative Assembly together. _ And the Gov-
ernor and secretary of the District shall, 111 the
disbursement of all moneys appropriated by
Congress and intrusted to them, be governed
solely by the instructions of the Secretary ot
the Treasury of the United States, and shall
semi-annually account to the said Secretary for
the manner in which the aforesaid moneys shall
have beenexpended; and no expenditure shall
be made by the said Legislative Assembly.ot
funds appropriated by Congress, for objects
not especially authorized by acts of Congress
making the appropriations, nor beyond the
sums thus appropriated for such objects.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted. That the
Legislative Assembly of the District of Columbia
shall hold its first session at such time and
place in said District as the Governor thereot
shall appoint and direct.
Sec. 84. And be it further enacted, lhat a
Delegate to the House of Representatives of
the United States, to serve for the term of
two years, who shall be a citizen of the United
States and of the District of Columbia, and
