342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
41s^ Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That,
■whenever an act shall be repealed, which re-
pealed a former act, such former act shall not
thereby be revived, unless it shall be expressly
eo provided.
Sec. 4; And beit further enacted,, That the
repeal of any statute shall not have the effect
to release or extinguish any penalty, forfeiture,
or liability incurred under such statute, unless
the repealing act shall so expressly provide,
and such statute shall be treated as still remain-
ing in force for the purpose of sustaining any
proper action or prosecution for the enforce-
ment of such penalty, forfeiture, or liability.
Approved, February 25, 1871.
Chap. LXXII.—An Act supplementary to an
Act to establish the Department of Justice.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be in the
Department of Justice an additional assistant
of the Attorney General, who shall be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and shall hold his office
until a successor shall be duly qualified, and
■who shall be paid the salary of other assistants
of the Attorney General.
Approved, February 25, 1871.
Chap. LXXIII.—An Act to enable J. H.
Schnell, of California, to enter and pay for
a Section of Public Land in California for
his Tea Colony.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That J. II. Sehnell, of
California, be authorized to enter, at the proper
United States land office, a quantity of land
not exceeding six hundred and forty acres, at
the minimum price, according to the lines of
his improvements, tea gardens, and other cul-
ture, in the county of El Dorado, in the State
of California, and to which there may not be
siny adverse claim except that of the United
States.
Aitkoved, February 27, 1871.
Chap. LXXIV.—An Act to authorize [the]
Worthington National Bank of Coopers town,
New York, to change its Name and Loca-
tion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Worthington
National Bank, now located in Cooperstown,
State of New York, is hereby authorized to
change its location to the village of Oneonta,
in the county of Otsego, and State of New
York. Whenever the stockholders represent-
ing three fourths of the capital of said bank,
at a meeting called for thatpurpose, determine
to make such change, the president and cash-
ier shall execute a certificate, under the cor-
porate seal of the bank, specifying such determ-
ination, and shall cause the same to be recorded
in the office of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, and thereupon such change of location
shall be effected; and the operations of dis-
countand deposit of said bank shall be carried
on under the name of the First National Bank
of Oneonta, in the village of Oneonta, in the
county of Otsego, and State of New York,
Sec.2. And beit further enacted, Thatnoth-
ing in this act contained shall be so construed
as in any manner to release the said bank from
any liability, or affect any action or proceed-
ing in law in which the said bank may be a
party or interested. And when such change
shall have been determined upon.as aforesaid,
notice thereof and of such change shall be pub-
lished ip at least two weekly newspapers in the
aforesaid county in which Qqqperstqwn is sit-
uate, in the State of New York, for not less
than four successive weeks.
Approved, February 27,1871.
Chap. XCIX.—An Act to amend an Act ap-
proved May thirty-one, eighteen hundred
and seventy, entitled "An Act to enforce
the Rights of Citizens of the United States
to Vote in the several States of this Union,
and for other purposes."
Be it enacted by the, Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section twenty of
the "Act to enforce the rights of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of
this Union, and for other purposes," approved
May thirty-one, eighteen hundred and seventy,
shall be, and hereby is, amended so as to read
as follows:
" Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That if,
[at] any registration of voters for an election for
.Representative or Delegate in the Congress of
the United States, any person shall knowingly
personate and register, or attempt to register,
in the name of any other person, whether liv-
ing, dead, or fictitious, or fraudulently regis-
ter, or fraudulently attempt to register, not
having a lawful right so to do ; or do any un-
lawful act to secure registration for himself or
any other person; or by force, threat, menace,
intimidation, bribery, reward, or offer, orprom-
ise thereof, or other unlawful means, prevent
or hinder any person having a lawful right to
register from duly exercising such right; or
compel or induce, by any of such means, or
otherunlawfulmeans, any officer of registration
to admit to registration any person not legally
entitled thereto, or interfere in any manner
with any officer of registration in the discharge
of his duties, or by any such means, or other
unlawful means, induce any officer of registra-
tion to violate or refuse to comply with his
duty or any law regulating the same; or if
any such officer shall knowingly and wilfully
register as a voter any person not entitled to
be registered, or refuse to so register.any per-
son entitled to be registered; or if any such
officer or other person whose duty it is to per-
form any duty in relation to such registration
or election, or to ascertain, announce, or de-
clare the result thereof, or give or make any
certificate, document, or evidence in relation
thereto, shall knowingly neglect or refuse to
perform any duty required by law, or violate
any duty imposed by law, or do any act unau-
thorized by law relating to or affecting such
registration or election, or the result thereof,
or any certificate, document, or evidence in
relation thereto, or if any person shall aid,
counsel, procure, or advise any such voter,
person, or officer to do any act hereby made a
crime, or to omit any act the omission of which
is hereby made a crime, every such person shall
be deemed guilty of a crime, and shall be lia-
ble to prosecution and punishment therefor as
provided in section nineteen of said act of May
thirty-one, eighteen hundred and seventy, for
persons guilty of any of the crimes therein
specified: Provided, That every registration
made under the laws of any State or Territory
forany State or other election at which such
Representative or Delegate in Congress shall
be chosen, shall be deemed to be a registration
within the meaning of this act, notwithstand-
ing the same shall also be made for the pur-
poses of any State, territorial, or municipal
election."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
whenever in any city or town having upward
of twenty thousand inhabitants, there shall be
two citizens thereof who, prior to any regis-
tration of voters for an election for Bepresent-
ative or Delegate in the Congress of the United
States, or prior to any election at which a Rep-
reg(3ntq.tiye or Delegate iu Congress is to be
voted for, shall make known, in writing, to the
judge of the circuit court of the United States
for the circuit wherein such city or town shall
be, their desire to have said registration, or
said election, or both, guarded and scrutin-
ized, it shall be the duty of the said judge of
the circuit court, within not less than ten
days prior to said registration, if one there be,
or, if no registration be required, within not
less than ten days prior to said election, to
open said circuit court at the most conven-
ient point in said circuit. And the said court,
when so opened by said judge, shall procced
to appoint and commission, from day to day
and from time to time, and under the hand of
the said circuit judge, and under the seal of
said court, for each election district or voting
precinct in each and every such city or town
as shall, in the manner herein prescribed, have
applied therefor, and to revoke, change, or
renew said appointment from time to time,
two citizens, residents "of said city or town,
who shall be of different political parties, and
able to read and write the English language,
and who shall be known and designated as
supervisors of election. And the said circuit
court, when opened by the said circuit judge
as required herein, shall therefrom and there-
after, and up to and including the day follow-
ing the day of election, be always open for the
transaction of business under this act, and the
powers and jurisdiction hereby granted and
conferred shall be exercised as well in vaca-
tion as in term time; and a judge sitting at
chambers shall have the same powers and juris-
diction, including the power of keeping order
and of punishing any contempt of his authority,
as when sitting in court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
whenever, from sickness, injury, or otherwise,
the judge of the circuit court of the United
States in any judicial circuit shall be unable to
perform and discharge the duties by this act
imposed, it shall be his duty, and he is hereby
required, to select and to direct and assign to
the performance thereof, in his place and stead,
such one of the judges of the district courts of
the United States within his circuit as he shall
deem best; and upon such selection and assign-
ment being made, it shall be lawful for, and
shall be the duty of, the district judge so desig-
nated to perform and discharge, in the place
andsteadof the said circuit judge, alltheduties,
powers, and obligations imposed and conferred
upon the said circuit judge by the provisions
of this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the supervisors of election,
appointed under this act, and they and each of
them are hereby authorized and required, to
attend at all times and places fixed for the
registration of voters, who, being registered,
would be entitled to vote for a Representative
or Delegate in Congress, and to challenge any
person offering to register; to attend at all
times and places when the names of registered
voters may bo marked for challenge, and to
cause such nfenes registered as they shall deem
proper to be so marked; to make, when re-
quired, the lists, or either of them, provided
for in section thirteen of this act, and verify
the same ; and upon any occasion, and at any
time when in attendance under the provisions
of this act, to personally inspect and scrutinize
such registry, and for purposes of identification
to affix their or his signature to each and every
page of the original list, and of each and every
copy of any such list of registered voters, at
such times, upon each day when any name may
or shall be received, entered, orregistered, and
in such manner as will, in their or his judgment,
detect and expose the improper or wrongful
removal therefrom, or addition thereto, in any
way, of any name or names.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it
shall also fee the duty of the said supervisors
