1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
Laius of the United States.
41bt Cong....3d Sess.
two thousand one hundred and two dollars and
forty cents; two messengers, at one thousand
two hundred and ninety-six dollars each; one
page, at seven hundred and twenty dollars;
Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, four thou-
sand three hundred and twenty dollars: Pro-
vided, That hereafter he shall receive, directly
. or indirectly, no fees or other compensation or
emolument whatever for performing the duties
of the office, or in connection therewith; assist-
ant doorkeepef, two thousand five hundred and
ninety-two dollars; Postmaster to the Senate,
two thousand one hundred dollars; assistant
postmaster and mail-carrier, one thousand
seven hundred and twenty-eight dollars; two
mail-carriers, at one thousand two hundred
dollars each; superintendent of the document-
room, two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars; two assistants in document-room, at
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars
each; superintendent of the folding-room, two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars; three
messengers, acting as assistant doorkeepers,
atone thousand eight hundred dollars each;
twenty messengers, to be appointed and re-
moved by the Sergeant-at-Arms, with the
approval of the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, at
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars
each; secretary to the President of the Senate,
two thousand one hundred and two dollars
and forty cents; clerk to the Committee on
Finance, two thousand twohundred and twenty
dollars; clerk to the Committee on Claims, two
thousand two hundred and twenty dollars;
clerk of printing records, two thousand two
hundred and twenty dollars; clcrk to Com-
mittee on Appropriations, two thousand two
hundred and twenty dollars; superintendent
in charge of the furnaces, one thousand four
hundred and for'y dollars; assistant in charge
of furnaces, eight hundred and sixty-four dol-
lars ; one laborer in charge of private pas-
sage, eight hundred and sixty-four dollars ; one
laborer in stationery-room, eight hundred and
sixty-four dollars; one special policeman, one
thousand dollars; Chaplain to the Senate, nine
hundred dollars ; chief engineer, two thousand
one hundred and sixty dollars ; three assistant
engineers, at fourteen hundred and forty dol-
lars each; two firemen, atone thousand and
ninety-five dollars each; three laborers, at
seven hundred and thirty dollars each; mak-
ing, in all, one hundred and twenty thousand
two hundred and seventy-three dollars and
twenty cents.
For temporary clerks, ten thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Senate,viz.:
For stationery and newspapers for seventy-
four Senators, at the rate of one hundred and
twenty-five dollars each per annum, nine thou-
sand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For stationery for committees and officers,
eight thousand dollars.
For clerks to committees, fourteen pages for
the Senate Chamber, two riding pages, one
page for the Vice President's room, and one
page for the office of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, making eighteen pages in all, at the rate
of three dollars per day while actually em-
ployed, and horses and carryalls, fifty thou-
sand dollars; said pages to be appointed and
removed by the Sergeant-at-Arms, with the
approval of the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
For fuel for tho heating apparatus, eight
thousand dollars.
For furniture and repairs of furniture, ten
thousand dollars.
For labor, thirteen thousand dollars.
For folding doeuments, and materials there-
for,^ twelve thousand dollars.
For packing-boxes, seven hundred and forty
dollars.
For miscellaneous items, exclusive of labor,
thirty thousand dollars
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the Senate for the Congressional
Globe, for reporting the proceedings of the
Senate for the session of the Forty-Second
Congress, beginning on the first Monday in
December, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
eight hundred dollars each, four thousand
dollars.
Capitol Police.
For one captain, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; two lieutenants, at one thousand five
hundred dollars each; twenty-five privates, at
one thousand two hundred dollars each, thirty
thousand dollars; and eight watchmen, at one
thousanddollars each, eight thousand dollars;
making, in all, forty-two thousand eight hun-
dred dollars, one half to be paid into the con-
tingent fund of the House of Representatives,
and the other half to be paid into the contin-
gent fund of the Senate.
House of Representatives.
For compensation and mileage of Members
of the House of Representatives and Delegates
from Territories, one million five hundred and
sixty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others receiving an annual
salary in the service of the House of Rep-
resentatives, viz. : Clerk of the House of
Representatives, four thousand three hun-
dred and twenty dollars; chief clerk and
Journal clerk, three thousand dollars each;
five assistant clerks, at two thousand five hun-
dred and ninety-two dollars each; one assist-
ant clerk, at two thousand five hundred and
twenty dollars; eightassistant clerks, including
librarian and assistant librarian, at two thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars each ; one
chief messenger, and clerk to Speaker, at five
dollars and seventy-six cents per day each;
for three messengers, at one thousand four
hundred and forty dollars each; one messenger
in the House library, one thousand four hun-.
dredand forty dollars; one engineer, one thou-
sand eight hundred dollars; three assistant
engineers, at one thousand four hundred and
forty dollars each ; six firemen, at one thou-
sand and ninety-five dollars each per annum ;
for clerk to Committee of Ways and Means,
two thousand five hundred and ninety-two dol-
lars ; clerk to Committee on Appropriations,
two thousand five hundred and ninety-two dol-
lars ; clerk to Committee of Claims, two thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars; clerk to
Committee on the Public Lands, two thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars; Sergeant-
at-Arms, four thousand three hundred and
twenty dollars: Provided, That hereafter he
shall receive, directly or indirectly, no fees,
other compensation, or emolument whatever
for performing the duties of his office, or in
connection therewith; clerk to the Sergeant-
at-Arms, two thousand five hundred dollars;
messenger to Sergeant-at-Arms, one thousand
four hundred and forty dollars; Doorkeeper,
two thousand five hundred and ninety-two dol-
lars ; first assistant doorkeeper, two thousand
five hundred and ninety-two dollars; Postmas-
ter, two thousand five hundred and ninety-two
dollars; first assistant postmaster, two thou-
sand andeighty-eightdoliars; four messengers,
at one thousand seven hundred and twenty-
eight dollars each; five mail-carriers, at one
thousand and eighty dollars each; Chaplain of
the House, nine hundred dollars; two stenog_
raphers, four thousand three hundred and
eighty dollars each; superintendent of folding-
room, two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars; superintendent and assistant of the
document-room, at five dollars and seventy-six
cents per day each ; document file clerk, one
thousand eight hundred dollars ; eleven mes-
sengers, five at one thousand eight hundred
dollars, and six at one thousand tour bundled
and frW -""H
duriBg the session, at the rate of one thousand
four hundred and forty dollars each per annum;
making, in all, the sum of one hundred and
fifty-two thousand two hundred and twenty-
seven dollars and sixty cents.
For contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives, viz.:
For cartage, three thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For clerks to committees, and temporary
clerks of the House of Representatives, forty-
one thousand three hundred and four dollars.
For folding documents, including pay of
folders and materials, eighty thousand dollars.
For fuel, seven thousand dollars.
For horses and carriages for transportation
of mails, and saddle-horses for the use of mes-
sengers, ten thousand dollars.
For furniture and repairs of the same,
eighteen thousand dollars.
For packing-boxes, two thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
For laborers, eighteen thousand two hundred
and forty dollars.
For miscellaneous items, fifty-five thousand
dollars.
For newspapers and stationery for Members
and Delegates, at one hundred and twenty-five
dollars each per annum, thirty-one thousand
two hundred and fifty dollars; and for station-
ery for committees and officers of the House,
five thousand dollars.
For twenty-three pages (including three rid-
ing pages,) seventeen thousand six hundred
and thirty-nine dollars and thirty-four cents.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the House for the Congressional
Globe for reporting the proceedings of the
House for the session of the Foriy-Second
Congress, beginning 011 the first Monday in
December, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
eight hu ndred dollars each, four thousand eight
hundred dollars.
PUBLIC PRIKTIHXS.
For compensation of the Congressional
Printer, and the clerks and messengers in his
office, twelve thousand five hundred and four-
teen dollars.
For contingent expenses of his office, viz.:
for stationery, postage, advertising, furniture,
travelling expenses, horses and wagons, and
miscellaneous items, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the public printing, six hundred and
fifty-five thousand nine hundred and ninety-
six dollars and fifty cents: Provided, That so
much of section ten of the act approved June
twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
entitled "An act to expedite and regulate the
printing of public documents, and for other
purposes," as provides that the "Superintend-
ent of Public Printing," under certain condi-
tions therein stated, may furnish extra copies
of any document to persons applying therefor,
be, and the same is hereby, so amended that
ten per centum shall be added to the cost paid
for said documents.
For paper for the public printing, seven
hundred and twenty-five thousand nine hun-
dred and fifteen dollars.
For the public binding, five hundred and
twenty-eight thousand three hundred and
nineteen dollars and sixty cents.
For lithographing,engraving, mappingeopies
of maps, plans, and diagrams in fac simile on
tracing linen, ninety-one thousand dollars.
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.
For compensation of the Librarian, four
thousand dollars.
For three assistant librarians, at two thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars each, six
thousand four hundred and eighty dollars.
For three assistant librarians, at one thou-
sand four hundred and forty dollars each, four
fHrtflSWlu* (WQO Red flolip-vs..
