1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
and all the bureaus therein, to be allotted
to day or night service, as the Secretary of
the Interior may direct, twenty thousand one
hundred and sixty dollars.
For stationery, furniture, books, and maps
for the library, and miscellaneous items, nine
thousand dollars.
For expenses of packing and distributing
official documents, including salary of super-
intendent, seven thousand dollars.
For rent of rooms for the use ofthePension
Office and for the Bureau of Education, four-
teen thousand dollars.
For casual repairs of the Department build-
ing, ten thousand dollars.
For fuel, light, and salary of the engineer
at fourteen hundred dollars, and repairs of the
heating apparatus, eighteen thousand two
hundred dollars.
General Land, Office.
For Commissioner of the General Land Office,
recorder, chief clerk, three principal clerks of
public lands, three clerks of class four, twenty-
three clerks of class three, forty clerks of class
two, forty clerks of class one, draughtsman,
assistant draughtsman, two messengers, three
assistant messengers at seven hundred and
twenty dollars each, two packers, seven labor-
ers, employed in his office; in all, one hun-
dred and seventy-one thousand nine hundred
and twenty dollars. For compensation of
additional clerks in the General Land Office,
viz.: for one principal clerk as director, one
clerk of class three, four clerks of class two,
thirty five clerks of class one, and two labor-
ers, fifty-two thousand six hundred and forty
dollars. For cash system, maps,_ diagrams,
stationery, furniture, and repairs of the same ;
miscellaneous items, including two of the city
newspapers, to be filed, bound, and preserved
for the use of the office ; advertising and tele-
graphing ; miscellaneous items on account of
.bounty lands and military patents, and con-
tingent expenses under the swamp-land act,
twenty thousand dollars ; making a total ap-
propriated for the General Land Office of two
hundred and forty-four thousand five hundred
and sixty dollars.
For translation of the abridged report ot the
Commissioner of the General Land Office into
foreign languages, fifteen hundred dollars.
Indian Office.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, chief clerk, three clerks of class
four, seven clerks of class three, five clerks of
class two; in all, twenty-eight thousand six
hundred dollars.
Temporary clerks : for one clerk of class
three, seven clerks of class two, twelve clerks
of class one, and four fern ale copyists at nine
hundred dollars each; in all, twenty-nine
thousand four hundred dollars.
For one messenger, one assistant messenger
at seven hundred and twenty dollars, and one
laborer; in all, two thousand two hundred and
eighty dollars. . . .
For blank books, binding, stationery, tuel,
lights, and miscellaneous items, including two
city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and pre-
served for tho use of the office, five thousand
dollars.
Pension Office.
For compensation of Commissioner of Pen-
sions, chief clerk, twenty-two clerks or class
four, forty-eight clerks of class three, seventy-
six clerks of class two, seveuty-eight clerks ot
class one, sixteen female copyists at nine hun-
dred dollars each, one messenger, five assist-
ant messengers at seven hundred and twenty
dollars each, and five laborers in his office; m
all, three hundred and forty-three thousand
eight, hundred dollars.
For stationery, engraving, and retouching
plates, for bounty laud-warrants, owce tnrni-
ture, and repairing the same, and miscellane-
ous items, including two daily newspapers, to
be filed, bound, and preserved for the use of.
the office, and for detection and investigation
of fraud, forty thousand dollars.
United States Patent Office.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
the Patent Office, four thousand five hundred
dollars; for Assistant Commissioner, three
thousand dollars; for chief clerk, two thousand
five hundred dollars; three examiners-in-chief,
at three thousand dollars each; examiner in
charge of interferences, two thousand five
hundred dollars; twenty-two principal exam-
iners, at two" thousand five hundred dollars
each; twenty-two first assistant examiners, at
one thousand eight hundred dollars each;
twenty-two second assistant examiners, at one
thousand six hundred dollars each, two of
whom may be females; one librarian, two
thousand dollars; one machinist, one thou-
sand six hundred dollars ; five clerks of class
four, eight clerks of class three, fifty clerks of
class two, and forty-five clerks of class one;
making, in all, three hundred thousand seven
hundred dollars.
For thirty permanent clerks, at one thousand
dollars each, thirty thousand dollars.
For forty permanent clerks, at nine hundred
dollars each, thirty-six thousand dollars.
For two skilled draughtsmen, at twelve hun-
dred dollars each, two thousand four hundred
dollars.
For thirty-five copyists of drawings, at the
rate of one thousand dollars per annum each,
thirty-five thousand dollars.
For one messenger and purchasing clerk,
one thousand dollars.
For one skilled laborer, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For eight attendants in model room, at one
thousand dollars each, eight thousand dollars.
For eight attendants in model room, at nine
hundred dollars each, seven thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For thirty laborers, at seven hundred and
twenty dollars each, twenty-one thousand six
hundred dollars. _
]?or six laborers, at six hundred dollars each,
three thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent and miscellaneous expenses
of the Patent Office, namely: for stationery
for use of office, furniture, repairing, papering,
painting, carpets, ice, advertising, books for
library, moneys refunded, printing engraved
patent-heads, international exchanges, plumb-
in0', gas-fitting, extra labor oil indexes and
abstractsfor annual reports, fitting rooms, tem-
porary clerks, laborers, and draughtsmen, and
other contingencies, ninety thousand dollars.
For photo-lithographing, or otherwise pro-
ducin0" copies of drawings of current and back
issues" for use of the office and for sale, forty
thousand dollars, to be used only for purposes
not embraced in the joint resolution providing
for publishing specifications and drawings ot
Patent Office, approved January eleven, eight-
een hundred and seventy-one.
Surveyors General and their 0lei Its.
For compensation of surveyor general of
Louisiana, two thousand dollars, and for clerks
in his office, two thousand fave hundred dollais.
For surveyor general of Florida, -wo thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks m his office, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Minnesota, two thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks m his office, six
thousand three hundred dollars. ,
Vor surveyor general of the Territory 01
Dakota, two thousand dollars, and tor clerk in
his office, six thousand three hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Kansas, two thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks in his office, six
thousand three hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Gelorodo, thiee
thousand dollars, and for clerks in his office,
four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of New Mexico, three
thousand dollars, and for clerks in his office,
four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of California, three
thousand dollars, and for clerks in his office,
eleven thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Idaho, three thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks in hi§ office, fout
thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Nevada, three thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks in his office, four
thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Oregon, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars, and for clerks in his
office, four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Washington Terri-
tory, two thousand five hundred dollars, and
for clerks in his office, four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Nebraska and Iowa,
two thousand dollars, and for clerks in his
office, six thousand three hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Montana, three thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks in his office, four
thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Utah Territory, three
thousand dollars, and for clerks in his office,
four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of the Territory of
Wyoming, three thousand dollars, and for
clerks in his office, four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Arizona, three thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks in his office, three
thousand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
For compensation of Commissioner of Agri-
culture, three thousand dollars; chief clerk,
two thousand dollars; entomologist, two thou-
sand dollars; chemist, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars; assistant chemist, one thousand
six hundred dollars; superintendent of exper-
imental gardens and grounds, two thousand
dollars; statistician, two thousand dollars;
disbursing clerk, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; superintendent of seed-room, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; librarian, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; botanist, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; four clerks of
class four, five clerks of class three, six clerks
of class two, seven clerks of class one; engin-
eer, one thousand fourhundred dollars ; super-
intendent of folding-room, one thousand two
hundred dollars; assistant superintendent of
garden and grounds, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars; assistant superintendent of the
seed-room, one thousand two hundred dollars;
three copyists, at nine hundred dollars each;
two attendants in museum, at one thousand
dollars each; chief messenger, eight hundred
and fifty dollars; two assistant messengers, at
seven hundred and twenty dollars each; one
carpenter, at nine hundred and sixty dollars;
three watchmen, at seven hundred and twenty
dollars each; and eight laborers, at seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars each ; making, m all,
seventy-five thousand one hundred aud seventy
dollars. . ... ,
For collecting statistics and compiling and
writing matter for monthly, annual, and special
reports, fifteen thousand dollars.
For purchase and distribution of new and
valuable seeds and plants, forty thousand dol-
^F'or expense of putting up the same, for
labor, bagging, paper, twine, gum, and other
necessary materials, five thousand dollars. ^
For labor on experimental garden, and lor
fiower-pots, repairs to green-house, and heal-
ing apparatus, gravel for walks, and purchase
of new plants and seeds for the same, ten thou •
sand dollars.
For stationery, two thousand dollars. _
For freight and charges, one thousand eight
hundred dollars,
