362
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For fuel, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lar's.
For lights, five hundred dollars.
I?or repairs of building, furniture, fences,
and water-pipes, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For keep of horses, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For new furniture, one thousand dollars.
For paper, twine, and gum for folding-room,
three bunded dollars.
For cases for the Department museum, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For collecting and modelling specimens of
fruit, one thousand dollars.
For cases for the library, one thousand dol-
lars.
For entomological works of reference, five
hundred dollars.
For incidental and miscellaneous items, five
thousand dollars.
For cases for the herbarium, and for collect-
ing and preparing specimens for tha same, one
thousand dollars.
For botanical works of reference, three hun-
dred dollars.
For balances, chemicals, and apparatus for
the laboratory, eight hundred dollars.
For foreign glassware, and glassware and
glass case for philosophical apparatus, six
hundred dollars.
For Page's or Ruhmkorffs coil and other
electrical apparatus for experiments upon
growing vegetation, Spugle's mercury pump
and double-acting air-pump, five hundred and
fifty dollars.
For works on chemistry, mineralogy, and
agriculture, five hundred dollars.
For meteorological apparatus and fixtures,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For current agricultural works for the library,
two hundred and fifty dollars.
For miscellaneous agricultural periodicals,
two hundred and fifty dollars.
For completion of valnable sets in the library,
two hundred and fifty dollars.
BUREAU OF EDUCATION'.
For Commissioner of Education, three thou-
sand dollars; one clerk at one thousand eight
hundred dollars; one clerk at one thousand
six hundred dollars; one translator, one thou-
sand six hundred dollars ; one clerk at one
thousand four hundred dollars; one messenger
at eight hundred and forty dollars; stationery,
one thousand dollars; library, one thousand
dollars; collecting statistics and writing and
compiling matter for annual and special re-
ports, and editing and publishing circulars of
information, thirteen thousand dollars; con-
tingencies, one thousand two hundred and sixty
dollars ; in all, twenty-six thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, eight thousand dollars; three Assistant
Postmasters General, at three thousand five
hundred dollars each; superintendent of
money-order system, three thousand dollars;
superintendent of foreign mails, three thousand
dollars ; chief of division of dead-letter office,
two thousand five hundred dollars; chief clerk,
two thousand two hundred dollars; three chief
clerks, at two thousand dollars each ; one
additional chief clerk for money-order office,
two thousand dollars ; additional to one clerk
of class four, as disbursing clerk, two hundred
dollars; fourteen clerks of class four, fifty-
eight clerks of class three, three additional
clerks of class three for money-order office;
forty-eight clerks of class two, fifly-two clerks
of class one; fifty-seven female clerks, at nine
hundred dollars each ; two female translators
in the bureau of foreign mails, and one female
translator in the money-order office, at twelve
hundred dollays gaph 5 one messenger, at eight 1
hundred and forty dollars, and four assistants,
at seven hundred and twenty dollars each;
nine watchmen, at seven hundred and twenty
dollars each: fifteen laborers, at seven hundred
and twenty dollars each ; twenty-five clerks in
dead-letter office, at eight hundred dollars
each ; for temporary clerk hire, ten thousand
dollars; making, in all, three hundred and
ninety-five thousand seven hundred dollars.
For stationery, nine thousand dollars; for
fuel for the General Post Office building, in-
cluding the Auditor's office, seven thousand
four hundred dollars; for gas, four thousand
dollars; for plumbing and gas fixtures, three
thousand dollars; for telegraphing, three thou-
sand dollars; for painting, one thousand five
hundred dollars; for carpets, three thousand
dollars; for furniture, three thousand five
hundred dollars; for livery, seven hundred
and fifty dollars; for hardware, eight hundred
dollars; for engineer, one thousand six hun-
dred dollars; for assistant engineer, one thou-
sand dollars; for fireman and blacksmith, nine
hundred dollars; for two firemen, one thou-
sand four hundred and forty dollars; for six
laborers, four thousand three hundred and
twenty dollars; for one watchman, seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars; for one carpenter,
one thousand two hundred and fifty-two dollars;
for three assistant messengers, seven hundred
and twenty dollars each ; for two female labor-
ers, nine hundred and sixty dollars; for one
female laborer, at two hundred and forty dol-
lars; for contingent expenses, seven thousand
five hundred dollars; in all, fifty-eight thousand
and forty-two dollars.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of War,
eight thousand dollars; chief clerk, at two
thousand five hundred dollars; two clerks, at
two thousand dollars; three clerks of class
four; for additional to one clerk of class four,
as disbursing clerk, two hundred dollars; for
six clerks of class three, three clerks of class
two, eight clerks of class one, one messenger;
three assistant messengers, at seven hundred
and twenty dollars each; one laborer; in all,
forty-seven thousand two hundred and twenty
dollars.
For contingent expenses, seven thousand
dollars.
Office of the Adjutant General.
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars; two
clerks of class four, nine clerks of class three,
twenty-seven clerks of class two, twenty-six
clerks of class one, and two messengers; in
all, ninety thousand six hundred and eighty
dollars.
For contingent expenses, fifteen theusand
dollars.
Office of the Quartermaster General.
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars; three
clerks of class four, eight clerks of class three,
twenty clerks of class two, seventy-five clerks
of class one; thirty copyists, at nine hundred
dollars each; superintendent of the build-
ing, two hundred dollars; one messenger, two
assistant messengers, and six laborers; in all,
one hundred and seventy-two thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses, five thousand dol-
lars.
Office of the Paymaster General.
For chief clerk, four clerks of class four,
one clerk of class three, twenty-three clerks
of class two, twenty-five clerks of class one,
and two messengers, seventy-four thousand
six hundred and eighty dollars.
For contingent expenses, five thousand dol-
lars.
Office of the Commissary General.
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; one
clerk of class thiee, eight clerks of class two,
fifteen clerks of class one, oue messenger, and
two laborers; in all, thirty-five thousand and
eighty dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz.: office rent,
repairs, and miscellaneous items, five thousand
dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General.
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars; one
clerk of class three, two clerks of class two,
eight clerks of class one, one messenger, and
one laborer; in all, seventeen thousand five
hundred and sixty dollars.
For contingent expenses, including rent of
the Surgeon General's Office and Army Med-
ical Museum, eight thousand dollars.
Office of Chief Engineer.
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars; three
clerks of clas3 four, four clerks of class three,
four clerks of class two, four clerks of class
one, one messenger, and one laborer; in all,
twenty-five thousand seven hundred and sixty
dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz.: for station-
ery, office furniture, miscellaneous and inci-
dental expenses, including two daily Washing-
ton newspapers, three thousand dollars.
Office of Chief of Ordnance.
For chief clerk, three clerks of class four,
two clerks of class three, four clerks of class
two, six clerks of class one, and one messen-
ger; in all, twenty-four thousand two hundred
and forty dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz. : stationery,
one thousand dollars.
Office of Military Justice.
For one chief clerk, at two thousand dollars;
one clerk of class three, one clerk of class one;
in all, four thousand eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses, five hundred dol-
lars.
Signal Office.
For two clerks of class two, two thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Office of the Inspector General.
For one clerk of class three, one thousand
six hundred dollars.
War Department Buildings.
For compensation of superintendent of the
building occupied by the War Department
(two hundred.and fifty dollars), four watch-
men, and two laborers; in all, four thousand
five hundred and seventy dollars.
For labor, fuel, lights and miscellaneous
items for the said building, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For superintendent of the building occupied
by the Paymaster General (two hundred and
fifty dollars), and for five watchmen and two
laborers; in all, five thousand two hundred and
ninety dollars.
_ For rent of building, and fuel and contingen-
cies, twelve thousand five hundred dollars. -
For superintendent of building corner of
Seventeenth and "F" streets (two hundred
and fifty d"ollars), and four watchmen and two
laborers; in all, four thousand five hundred
and seventy dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz. : fuel, engin-
eer and fireman, matting and oil-cloth, gas,
whitewashing, repairs, and other incidental
expenses of said building, seven thousaud live
hundred dollars.
KAYY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Navy, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation of the chief clerk of the
Navy Department, at two thousand two hun-
dred dollars, and, additional to chief clerk,
three hundred dollars, to continue while there
is no Assistant Secretary and no longer; one
disbursing clerk, at two thousand dollars; four
