1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
Laws of ihe United States.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
clerks of class four, four clerks of class three,
two clerks of class two, three clerks of class
one, two messengers at eight hundred and forty
dollars each, and two laborers; in all, twenty-
seven thousand six hundred and twenty dollars.
For stationery, labor, newspapers, and mis-
cellaneous items, live thousand dollars.
Burea'u of Yards and Docks:
For civil engineer, chief clerk, draughtsman,
one clerk of class four, two clerks of class three,
one cleik of class two, one clerk of class one,
one messenger, and one laborer; in all,fifteen
thousand seven liuudred and sixty dollars.
Forstationery, hooks, plans,drawings, labor,
and miscellaneous items, eight hundred dol-
lars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
For chief clerk, one clerk of class four, one
clerk of class three, two clerks of class two,
two cleiks of class one, one messenger, and
one laborer ; in all, eleven thousand nine hun-
dred and sixty dollars.
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred aud fifty dollars.
Bureau of Navigation:
For chief clerk, one clerk of class three, one
clerk of class two, one messenger, and one
laborer; in all, six thousand three hundred
and sixty dollars.
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Ordnance:
For chief clerk, draughtsman, one clerk of
class three, two clerks of class two, one mes-
senger, aud one laborer; in all, nine thousand
live hundred and sixty dollars.
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Construction and Repairs:
For chief clerk, draughtsman, one clerk of
class four, two clerks of class three, two clerks
of class two, one messenger, and one laborer ;
in all, twelve thousand nine hundred and sixty
dollars.
Forstationery and miscellaneous items, eight
huudred dollars.
Bureau of Steam Engineering:
Far chief clerk, draughtsman, one clerk of
class two, one assistant draughtsman, one mes-
senger, and one laborer ; in all, seven thou-
sand seven hundred and sixty dollars.
Forstationery and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For chief clerk, one clerk of class four, two
clerks of class three, three clerks of class one>
two cl<--rks of class two. one messenger, and
one laborer; in all, fourteen thousand seven
hundied and sixty dollars.
I'orstationeiy and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For one clerk of class four, one clerk of class
three, one messenger, and one laborer; in all,
four thousand nine hundred and sixty dollars.
Forstationery and miscellaneous items, four
hundred dollars.
For superintendent (two hundred and fifty
dollars), live watchmen, and two laborers lor
the building occupied by the Navy Depart-
ment, five thousand and forty dollars.
For incidental labor, fuel, lights, and mis-
cellaneous items for said building, seven thou-
sand dollars.
kitkkmk court of the uxitrb states.
For the Chief Justice, eight thousand five
hundred dollars; and for eight associate or
retir.-d justices, eight thousand dollars each;
in all, seventy-two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For nine circuit judges to reside in circuit,
fifty-four thousand dollars.
For salary of the reporter of the decisions
of the Supreme Csurt of the United States,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the salary of the marshal of the Supreme
Court, three thousand five hundred dollars.
_ For salaries of the district judges of the
United States, one hundred and seventy-five
thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the chief justice of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia,
and the four associate judges, twenty thousand
five hundred dollars.
For salary of the warden of the jail in the
District of Columbia, two thousand dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys
of the United States, eighteen thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the district marshals
of the United States, eleven thousand five
hundred dollars.
department op justice.
Office of the Attorney General:
_ For compensation of the Attorney General,
eight thousand dollars; Solicitor General,
seven thousand five hundred dollars; two
Assistant Attorneys General, at five thousand
dollars each; Solicitor of Internal Revenue,
five thousand dollars; Naval Solicitor and
Judge Advocate General, three thousand five
hundred dollars; examiner of claims, three
thousand five hundred dollars; law clerk, two
thousand five hundred dollars; chief clerk,
two thousand two hundred dollars; steno-
graphic clerk, two thousand dollars; one
clerk, two thousand dollars; seven clerks of
class four; additional for disbursing clerk, two
hundred dollars; two clerks of class three,
one clerk of class two, one clerk of class one,
one messenger, two assistant messengers; in
all, sixty-seven thousand three huudred and
twenty dollars.
Office of the Solicitor of the Treasury:
For compensation of the Solicitor of the
Treasury, three thousand five hundred dollars;
assistant solicitor, three thousand dollars;
chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; one clerk
of class four, three clerks of class three, three
clerks of class two, one clerk of class one, one
messenger, and one laborer; in all, twenty-
two thousand and sixty dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Depart-
ment of Justice, viz.:
Fuel, labor, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, fifteen thousand dollars.
For rent of building, ten thousand dollars.
For furniture and law books, six thousand
dollars.
Commissioners to codify the Laws of the United
Stales.
For compensation of three commissioners
to codify the laws of the United States, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, for
clerk-hire, stationery, and miscellaneous items,
three thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. That the sum of five hundred thou-
sand dollars be, and hereby is, appropriated,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the construction, under
the direction of the Secretary of State, on the
sontherly portion of the premises now occupied
by the War and Navy Departments, a building
which will form the south wing of a building
that, when completed, will be similar in the
ground plan aud dimension to the lreasury
building, and provide accommodations for the
State, War, and Navy Departments ; the build-
ing to be of such kind of stoue as may be here-
after determined by the concurrent decision
of the Committees of Public Buildings and
Grounds of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ; three stories in height, with base-
ment aud attic, and of fire-prool construction,
the plans to be approved by the Secretary ot
State, the Secretary °'~ ^'ar> ani* Secretary
oi the Navy, before any money is expended
under the provisions of this act.
Sec. 3. That from and after the first day of
Julj', eighteen hundred and seventy-one, the
annual salary of the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States shall be
eight thousand five hundred dollars, and the
annual salary of each one of the associate jus-
tices of the Supreme Court shall be eight thou-
sand dollars, and of each circuit judge six
thousand dollars; and all. provisions of law
providing for additional compensation orallow-
ance to any judge for travelling expenses are
hereby repealed. And it shall be the duty
of the circuit judge in each judicial circuit,
whenever in his judgment the public interest
shall so require, to designate and appoint, iu
the manner and with all the powers provided in
an act to provide for holding the courts of the
United States, in ease of the sickness or other
disability of the judges of the district courts,
approved July twenty-nine, eighteen hundred
and fifty, the district judge of any judicial dis-
trict within his circuit to hold a district or
circuit court in the place or aid of any other
district judge within the same circuit; and it
shall be the duty of such district judge as shall
be for that purpose designated and appointed
to hold the district or circuit court as afore-
said without any other compensation than his
regular salary as established by law.
Sec. 4. That the salaries provided for in the
foregoing section of this act shall be payable
in quarterly instalments on the first days of
April, July, October, and January of each
year, and an amount sufficient to pay the same
is hereby appropriated out of any money iu the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXIV.—An Act making Appropriations
forsundry Civil Expenses ot the Government
for the fiscal year ending June thirtyj eight-
een hundred and seventy-two, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the lollowing sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
for the objects hereinafter expressed, for the
fiscal year ending the thirtieth June, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, viz.:
state department.
For defraying the expenses of defending
claims under the convention with Mexico of
July four, eighteen hundred aud sixty-eight,
to be expended under the direction of the
Attorney General, twenty thousand dollars.
For the compensation and expenses of the
commission for determining*the pending ques-
tions between Great Britain and the United
States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the compensation and expenses of a
commission for determining the questions
between the United States and Spain, grow-
ing out of the acts of the Spanish officials in
and about Cuba, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the increase in the expenses of diplo-
matic and consular officers of the United States
in Paris, caused by a state of war; and also
for compensation for extraordinary services
performed by such officers during the war; and
also for the additional expense caused to the
legations and consulates of the United States
in Madrid, Paris, Berlin, and London, by rea-
son of the war, and by reason of the protection
assumed by the United States of persons, lega-
tions, and consulates of other Powers in Paris,
a sum not to exceed fifty thousand dollars iu
all, 01 so much thereof as may be necessary,
to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary ot State, on the approval of the Presi-
dent, aud on vouchers to be filed iu the Treas-
ury Department, and a statement thereof to
