1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3Y1
Laws of the United Stales.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
United States as will best promote the effi-
ciency thereof, and ascertain the fitness of
each candidate in respect to age, health, char-
acter, knowledge, and ability for the branch
of service into which he seeks to enter; and
for this purpose the President is authorized to
employ suitable persons to conduct said in-
quiries, to prescribe their duties, and to estab-
lish regulations for the conduct of persons who
may receive appointments in the civil service.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Cll.U'. CXV.—An Act making Appropriations
to supply Deficiencies in the Appropriations
lor the service of the Government for the
fiscal years ending June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, and June thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, and for former
years, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
are [or] so much thereof as may be necessary,
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for
the objects hereinafter expressed, namely :
senate.
To pay an additional assistant engineer
authorized by the Senate, at the rate of one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars per
annum, commencing on the first day of De-
cember, eighteen hundred and seventy, for
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth day of
June, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, eight
hundred and forty dollars.
For steam-pump for the heating and venti-
lating apparatus of the Senate, under the direc-
tion of the Sergeant-at-Arms, one thousand
dollars.
For expenses of heating and ventilating ap-
paratus of the Senate, one thousand dollars.
house of representatives.
For cartage, three thousand dollars.
For laborers, one thousand six hundred
dollars.
For furniture and repairs thereof, two thou-
sand dollars.
For fuel, two thousand dollars.
For paying teller in the office of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, one thousand two hundred and
twenty dollars.
For the miscellaneous item of the contingent
fund of the House, ten thousand dollars.
For the following sums due under resolutions
of the House passed during the first session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, namely: to the
late first assistant doorkeeper, eight hundred
and forty dollars; to the superintendent of
the document-room, eight hundred and forty
dollars: and to E. Spicer, late superintendent
of the folding-room, seven hundred and twenty
dollars; to John J. McElhone, Win. Hincks,
W. Blair Lord, D. Wolfe Brown, Theodore F.
Andrews, and William Henry Burr, reporters
for the Congressional Globe during the first
session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, seven
hundred dollars each ; in all, six thousand four
hundred dollars, additional compensation for
the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
For compensation of the tally-clerk of the
House of Representatives, from the first day
of February, eighteen hundred and seventy,
to the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, six hundred and twelve dollars,
the same making his compensation equal to
that, of his predecessor, (II. U. Sherman,) and
as fixed in the legislative bill for himself.
To pay Rives and Bailey for the reporting
and publication of the debates and proceedings
of the Forty-First Congress, under the joint
resolution approved March three, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, and contract of April
fourteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, so
far as may have been provided for by law, one
hundred and twenty thousand dollars, or so
much thereof sta lftay be riecessary.
public buildings under the treasury
department. .
For continuing the work on the building for
post office and court-house in New York city,
to be applied only to finishing the foundations
up to and including the sill course, and receiv-
ing and setting the granite of the first story
above that course, and subject to no other lim-
itations or restriction, five hundred thousand
dollars.
For the building for post office and sub-
Treasury in Boston, the unexpended balance
of appropriation remaining on the thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred seventy, appropriated
for purchase of site of the same, which was
covered into the Treasury by the provisions
of section five of the act of July twelve, eight-
een hundred and seventv, is, with the sum ap-
propriated by the act of July fifteen, eighteen
hundred and seventy, hereby reappropriated
and made available, together with the sum of
sixty-four thousand two hundred and seventy-
eight dollars and seventy-five cents, to enabl®
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the award
for the necessary land condemned under au-
thority of the State of Massachusetts for the
purposes of said building; for purchase of .
title in passage-way, eight thousand dollars;
and for expenses of legal proceedings, four
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, subject to no other restriction
except that the cost of said building shall not
exceed, in the ultimate total under all appro-
priations, one million five hundred thousand
dollars.
For completing the court-house building at
Madison, Wisconsin, thirty-four thousand and
eighty-two dollars and seventy-four cents.
For completing the court-house building at
Portland, Maine, fifty-six thousand eight hun-
dred and sixteen dollars and sixty-four cents.
For completing the work on the building for
appraisers' stores in Philadelphia, fifty-seven
thousand fivehundred dollars: Provided, That
said building shall also be used for a bonded
warehouse.
For repair of the custom-house building at
Sandusky, Ohio, ten thousand dollars. _
For desks, tables, chairs, cases, shelving for
file.-rooms, boxes, and repairs of furniture in
Treasury Department, ten thousand dollars.
For repairs and preservation of public build-
ings, fifty thousand dollars.
For furniture and repairs of furniture for
public buildings, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For carpets, oil cloth, matting, rugs, chair
covers, and cushions, repairs and putting down
of carpets, and other necessary miscellaneous
items of the same kind for the Treasury De-
partment, ten thousand dollars.
treasury department.
Miscellaneous.
.For compensation of twelve watchmen and
ten laborers, fifteen thousand eight hundred
and forty dollars.
For salaries, travelling, and other expenses
of supervising and local inspectors of steam-
vessels, twenty thousand dollars.
For stamps for use of the Internal Revenue
office, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters in the
branch of the United States Mint at San
Francisco, California, twenty-eight thousand
dollars.
For executing contract to facilitate com-
munication between the Atlantic and 1 acific
States by electric telegraph, forty thousand
dollars.
To reimburse to F. E. Spinner the sura by
him paid into the United States Treasury to
replace the deficit resulting from the embezzle-
ment by Charles C. Edwins, discovered in
September last, five thousand seven hundred
and fiay-eight dollars and twenty-nine cents.
Far compensation Of two assistants ih the
office of the Librarian of Congress, to date
from February first, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, whose' employment is hereby
authorized at twelve hundred and eightee
hundred dollars, respectively, three thousand
dollars.
For outfit and extraordinary clerical ex-
penses of the commission to revise the United
States statutes-at-large, one thousand dollars.
For the collation and publication of the
reports of the foreign claims commissions
between the United States and other countries,
to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of State, three thousand dollars, but
not to exceed three thousand dollars.
For alterations and extension of the Treas-
ury building, forty-nine thousand seven hun-
dred and thirty-four dollars and forty-one
cents.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay the present district attorney of Nebraska
his salary for tbe four yearsendingjunethirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, eight hun-
dred dollars.
Light-house Establishment.
For repairs and incidental expenses in refit-
ting and improving light-houses and buildings
connected therewith, fifty thousand dollars.
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights on the Atlantic, Gulf, Lake, and Pacific
coasts with oil, wicks, glass chimneys, and
cleaning materials, and repairing and keeping
in repair the illuminating apparatus and lamps,
and all other necessary expenses connected
with the same, fifty thousand dollars.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, paint-
ing, repairing, removing, and supplying losses
of buoys, spindles, and day-beacons, and for
chains, sinkers, and other like necessaries,
fifty thousand dollars.
public printing.
For the public printing, one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars: Provided, That
no printing shall be hereafter executed except
on written order under the direction of heads
of Departments or by the two Houses of Con-
gress, as authorized by law.
For paper for the public printing, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For the public binding, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
For contingent fund of the office of the Con-
gressional Priuter, fifteen hundred dollars.
department op state.
For compensation of the Secretary of State,
Assistant Secretaries, clerks, messengers,
watchmen, and others, two hundred and
thirty-nine dollars and seventy-five cents.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form
and in newspapers of the States and Territo-
ries, and in the city of Washington, sixteen
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses, one thousand nine
hundred and fifty-three dollars and seventy-
one cents.
For salaries of United States ministers
abroad, seventy-five thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That hereafter no salaries shall be paid
to two ministers for the same place for a longer
period than thirty days.
For rent of prisons in China, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
Forreliefand protection of American seamen
in foreign countries, eighty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course, ten thousand five hundred and sixty-
nine dollars and fifteen cents.
To pay the salary of the United States con-
sul at Hiogo and Osaca from the time of his
appointment, February ten, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight,, to June thirty, eighteen hun
dred and sixty-eight, one thousand one hun-
dred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
