m
APPENDIX T0 THE CONGEES3IQNAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States,
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
For deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the 'fiscal years ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy and
seventy-one, na'mely:
Pension Bureau.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Pensions, clerks, messengers, watchmen, and
laborers in his office, ten thousand' three hun-
dred and thirty-eight dollars and three cents.
For blank books, stationery, furniture, and
miscellaneous items in the Pension Office, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For twelve clerks of class one, fourteen thou-
sand four hundred dollars ; for seven laborers,
five thousand and forty dollars ; for two assist-
ant messengers, one thousand four hundred
and forty dollars.
Indian Office.
• To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay balance due on the indebtedness incurred
for the Indian service in California by Austin
Wiley, former superintendent of Indian affairs,
ten thousand five hundred and fifty-nine dol-
lars and fifty-four cents, or so much thereof as
may be necessary.
For subsisting seven hundred and forty- seven
Ponca Indians from December first, eighteen
hundred and seventy, to July first, eighteen
hundred and seventy one, including liabilities
for the purpose already incurred, fifteen thou-
sand eight hundred and thirty-six dollars and
sixty-four cents.
For blank books, stationery, furniture, and
miscellaneous items in the Indian Office, fifty-
one dollars and ninety-five cents.
Patent Office.
For casual repairs of the Interior Depart-
ment building, five thousand dollars.
For salary of one examiner in charge of
interferences, and one first and one second
assistant examiner in the Patent Office, five
thousand nine hundred dollars.
For five clerks of class two, seven thousand
dollars.
For five clerks of class one, six thousand
dollars.
For the steam-heating apparatus in the Inte-
rior Department building, six thousand nine
hundred and seventy-five dollars.
. For expenses of packing and distributing
congressional journals and documents, six
hundred and thirty dollars and sixty cents.
For salaries of eight watchmen in the gen-
eral service of the Interior Department build-
ingj five thousand seven hundred and sixty
dollars.'
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay the freight on the law libraries authorized
to be purchased for each of the Territories-of
Idaho, Montana, Utah, Wyoming, and Arizona
by (he act of July fifteen, eighteen hundred
and seventy, one thousand two hundred and
fifty-five dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary.
Mining statistics: for collecting statistics of
mines and mining, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For salary and commissions of the register
and receiver of the land office at Susanville,
California, three thousand dollars.
For incidental expenses of said office, five
hundred dollars.
Government Hospital for the Insane.
To supply the deficiency in the appropria-
tion to pay salaries and wages for the month
of June, eighteen hundred and seventy, and
outstanding bills due June thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation
for support of the hospital for the current year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-one, twenty-two thousand' dollars'.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The following sums are hereby appropriated
for the service of the Post Office Department
out of any moneys in the Treasury arising
from the revenues of said Department:
For mail-locks, keys, and stamps, fifty-five
thousand dollars; for advertising, twenty thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That hereafter the let-
tings of mail contracts in Maryland and Vir-
ginia shall be published in one newspaper only.
For additional pay of nine temporary labor-
ers, two firemen, and one watchman, at one
hundred and twenty dollars each, one thou-
sand four hundred and forty dollars: Provided,.
Th^t their entire pay for the year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, is
thereby not increased above seven' hundred
and twenty dollars each per annum.
For eight temporary clerks for two months,
at one hundred dollars per month, one thou-
sand six hundred dollars.
For temporary clerks, to be employed as
occasion may require, ten thousand dollars.
For preparation of the Post Office Directory
.for eighteen hundred and seventy, twelve hun-
dred dollars.
And so much of the first section of the act
approved July twelve, eighteen hundred and
seventy, as states the total sum of the appro-
priations, for compensation of the Postmaster
General, Assistants, superintendents, chiefs
of division, chief clerks, clerks, messengers,
assistants, folders, firemen, watchmen, and
laborers, is hereby connected [corrected], and,
in lieu of the sum there stated, declared to be
three hundred and fifty-four thousand eight
hundred dollars, which is the true total sum
of the specific appropriations for the above-
recited purposes, more fully set forth in said
act, and shall be so construed.
To supply deficiencies in the revenue of the
Post Office Department for the fiscal year end-
ing June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, payable out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, four million six
hundred and eighty-five thousand and thirty-
two dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary: Provided, That no part of the
money hereby appropriated shall be applied
to the payment of what is known ag the Chor-
penning claim.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
For the purchase of horses for the cavalry
and artillery and Indian scouts, two hundred
thousand dollars.
For the purchase and manufacture of cloth-
ing for the Army, and for camp and garrison
equipage, two hundred thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of disbursing officers for expend-
itures already lawfully made, a transfer of other
balances on the books of the Treasury to this
account is hereby authorized to the amount of
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
To pay fees of attorneys-at-law employed by
the W ar Department; expenses of suits incurred
previous to act of June twenty-two, eighteen
hundred and seventy, creating Department of
Justice; the costs and charges of State peni-
tentiaries; the care and maintenance of Uni-
ted States military convicts confined in them ;
the pay of detectives and scouts; and for com-
pensation of provost marshals employed by the
Secretary of War in eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, the appropriation for the fiscal year
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine and eighteen
hundred and seventy having been exhausted,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the purchase of me.dical and hospital
supplies, pay of private physicians employed
in emergencies, hire of hospital attendants,
expense of purveying depots, of medical exam-
ining boards, and other incidental expenses of
the medical department, one Jiundred thousand
dollars.
To pay the costs and charges of State peni-
tentiaries for f-he care, clothing, maintenance,
and medical attendance, and like necessaries
of United States military convicts confined
therein, thirty thousand dollars.'
For repairing 'and putting new roof on the
cadet quarters at West Point, recently destroy ed
by fire, forty thousand dollars, or so much there-
of as may be necessary.
Paymaster General's Department.
Pay for the Army : for pay to officers, nine
hundred and eight thousand three hundred
and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three cents.
Mileage: for allowance paid to officers of
the Army while travelling on duty without
troops, two hundred thousand dollars.
Clothing to discharged soldiers : for payment
to discharged soldiers for clothing not drawn,
nine hundred and nine thousand four hundred
and eighty three dollars and twenty cents.
Quartermaster General's Department.
For extra pay to soldiers employed under
the direction of the quartermaster's depart-
ment in the erection of barracks, quarters,
storehouses, and hospitals; in the construc-
tion of roads and other constant labor for
periods of not less than ten days, including
those employed as clerks atdivision and depart-
ment headquarters; expenses of expresses to
and from the frontier posts and armies in the
field ; of escorts to paymasters and other dis-
bursing officers, and to trains where military
escorts parinot be furnished ; expenses of the
interment of officers killed in action or who
die when on dufy in the field or at posts on
the frontier or other places where ordered by
the Secretary of War, andofnon-commissioned
officers and soldiers; authorized office furni-
ture ; hire of laborers in the quartermaster's
department, including the hire of interpreters,
spies, and guides for the Army; compensation
to clerks to officers of the quartermaster's
department; compensation of forage and
wagon masters; for the apprehension, secur-
ing, and delivery of deserters, and the expenses
incident to their pursuit; and for the follow-
ing expenditures required for the several regi-
ments of cavalry, the batteries of light artil-
lery, and such companies of infantry as may
be mounted, namely, the purchase of travelling
forges, blacksmith's and shoeing tools, horse
and mule shoes, and nails, iron, and steel for
shoeing, hire of veterinary surgeons, medicines
for horses and mules, picket ropes, and for
shoeing the horses of the corps above named ;
also, generally, the proper and authorized
expenses for the movement and operations of
the Army not expressly assigned to any other
department, three hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For hire of quarters for officers on military
duty; hire of quarters for troops, of store-
houses for the safe-keeping of military stores,
and of grounds for summer cantonments;
construction of temporary huts, hospitals, and
stable,?, and for repairing public buildings at
established posts, three hundred thousand
dollars.
For the contingent expenses of the office of
the Quartermaster General, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
Signal Office.
Observation and report of storms; for ex-
PS",se.® °^,T?e !panufecture, purchase, or repair
of meteorological and other necessary instru-
ments; ior telegraphing reports; for expenses
or storm-signals announcing probable approach
and force of storms; for instrument shelters;
*or mre and expense of offices maintained for
public use in cities or ports receiving reports ;
for maps, bulletins, to be displayed in cham-
