1871.]
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
bers of commerce and board of trade rooms ;
for books and stationery and for incidental
expenses not otherwise provided for, twenty-
nine thousand two hundred dollars: Provided,
That no part of this appropriation shall be
expended for telegraphing at greater rates
than those which are or may be fixed by the
Postmaster General, in pursuance of the sec-
ond section of chapter two hundred and thirty
of the statutes of eighteen hundred and sixty-
six.
Chief Engineer of the Army.
For annual repairs of the President's House,
three thousand nine hundred and four dollars
and eighty-four cents.
For refurnishing the President's House,
eleven thousand four hundred and sixty-four
dollars and eighty-nitle cents.
To make up deficiency in. appropriation for
Capitol police for the fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
eleven thousand five hundred-and forty-four
dollars, as follows: for one captain, two
hundred and eighty-eight dollars; for two
lieutenants, at three hundred dollars each, six
hundred dollars; for twenty-five privates for
twelve months, at three hundred and eighty-
four dollars each per annum, nine thousand
and six hundred dollars; for three privates for
eleven months, at three hundred and eighty-
four dollars each per annum, one thousand aud
fifty-six dollars.
Bureau of Freedrnen, Refugees, and Aban-
doned Lands.
For pay of medical officers and attendants
in Freed men's Hospital and Assylum, atWash-
ington, District of Columbia, five thousand
dollars.
For medicine, medical supplies, and rations,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For clothing, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For collecting and payment of bounty and
other claims to colored soldiers, sailors,
marines, or their heirs, forty thousand dollars.
For rent of building, (outside "of the Dis-
trict of Columbia,) four thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For stationery and printing, five thousand
dollars. ,
For mileage and transportation of othcers
and agents, four thousand dollars.
For telegraphing and postage, one thousand
dollars.
For unfulfilled contracts for the erection
and repair of school buildings and asylums,
forty thousand dollars.
navt department.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For provisions for the officers, seamen, and
marines of the Navy, five hundred thousand
dollars.
Marine corps: ,
For clothing for non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates of the Marine corps,
fifty thousand dollars; for fuel, ten thousand
dollars.
Territory of Washington.
That there be, and hereby is, appropriated,
for amount to pay expenses of Legislative
Assembly of Washington Territory, per diem
and mileage of members, p'ay of officers, ana
printing for the session commencing October,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, nine thou-
sand one hundred and twenty -nine dollars and
ninety-one cents, or so much thereof as may
be necessary. _ . ,
For deficiency in appropriation to pay the
salary of Governor, secretary, and judges ot
the Territory of Dakota, for the year ending
June thirty; eighteen huudred and seventy,
seventeen hundred dollars, or so much of the
s*me as shall be necessary for that purpose.
For the payment during the fiseal year end*
ing June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, of pensions under the act of February
fourteen, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
granting pensions to certain soldiers and
sailors of the war of eighteen hundred and
twelve, and the widows of deceased soldiers
and sailors, two hundred and forty thousand
dollars: Provided, That the provisions of the
act of Congress entitled "An act to define the
duties of pension agents, to prescribe their
manner of paying pensions, and for other pur-
poses, " approved July eight, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, shall be, and the same is
hereby, declared to be applicable to all pen-
sions granted by virtue of the said act approved
February fourteen, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-one.
Sec. 2. That there be, and hereby is, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of two mil-
lion seven, hundred and fifty thousand dollars,
for the expenses of collecting the revenue from
customs, for each half year from and after the
thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred and
seventy, and, in addition thereto, such sums
as may be received during said half year from
fines, penalties, and forfeitures connected with
the customs, and from fees paid into the Treas-
ury by customs officers, and from storage, cart-
age, drayage, labor, and services; and the
resolution "making appropriations for the
expenses of collecting the revenue from cus-
toms," approved May three, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, is hereby repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXVI.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Support of the Army for the
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep -
resentatives of the United States of jlmericain
Congress assembled, That the followingsums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the support of the Army
for the year ending June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two:
For expenses of the Commanding General s
office, five thousand dollars.
For expenses of recruiting and transporta-
tion of recruits, one Hundred and twenty thou-
sand five hundred and eighty dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Adjutant
General's department at the headquarters ot
military divisions and departments, five thou-
sand dollars. . . , .
For the expenses of the signal service ot the
Armv, five thousand dollars.
Fo'r pay of the Army, and for payment to
discharged soldiers for clothing not drawn,
twelve million three hundred thousand dollars;
of which sum one hundred thousand dollars,
and no more, may be expended for pay of
^For allowance to officers of the Army for
transportation of themselves and their baggage,
when traveling on duty, without troops, escorts,
or supplies, one hundred and fifty thousand
5°Forgeneral expenses, such as the additional
compensation of judge adyoc.
members, and witnesses while on coui t-martial
service, and traveling expenses of paymasters
clerks, and postage on fetters and Packages,
and telegrams received and sent by
the Army on public business, one hundred
thForsubsistence of regular troops, ellS'"®er^
and Indian scouts, two m'll.o£
thousand dollars, of which „„„eh(w
sand dollars, and no more, mdy he expehded
-1i. >  ">• >"w""
of the quartermaster's department, consisting
of fuel for officers, enlisted men, guards, hos-
pitals, storehouses, and offices; of forage in
kind for thei horses, mules, and oxen of the
quartermaster's department at theseveral posts
and stations, and with the armies in the field ;
for the horses of the several regiments of cav-
alry, the batteries of artillery, and such compa-
nies of infantry as may be mounted, and for
the authorized number of officers' horses when
serving in the field, and at the outposts, in-
cluding bedding for the animals; of straw for
soldiers' bedding ; and of stationery, including
blank books for the quartermaster's depart-
ment, certificates for discharged soldiers, blank
forms for the pay and quartermaster's depart-
ments, and for printing of division and depart-
ment orders and reports, four million dollars.
For extra pay to soldiers employed under
the direction of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, in the erection of barracks, quarters,
storehouses, and hospitals, in the construction
of roads, and other constant labor, for periods
of not less than ten days, under the acts of
March two, eighteen hundred and nineteen,
and August four, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, including those employed as clerks at
division and department headquarters ; ex-
penses of expresses to and from the frontier
posts and armies in the field ; of escorts to
paymasters and other disbursing officers, and
to'trains where military escorts cannot be fur-
nished; expenses of the interment of officers
killed in astion, or who die when on duty in
the field, or at post on the frontiers, or at posts
and other places when ordered by the Secre-
tary of War, and of non-commissioned officers
and soldiers; authorized office-furniture, hire
of laborers in the quartermaster's department,
including the hire of interpreters, spies, and
guides for the Army; compensation of clerks
to officers of the quartermaster's department;
compensation Of forage and wagon-masters,
authorized by the act of July five, eighteen
hundred and thirty-eight; forthe apprehension
of deserters, and the expenses incident to_their
pursuit; and for the following expenditures
required for the several regiments of cavalry,
the batteries of light artillery, and such com-
panies of infantry as may be mounted, namely:
the purchase of traveling forges, blacksmiths
and shoeing tools, horse and mule shoes and
nails, iron, and steel for shoeing, hire of veter-
inary surgeons* medicines for horses and mules,
picket ropes, and for shoeing the horses of the
corps named; also, generally, the proper and
authorized expenses for the movement ana
operations of an aj-my not expressly assigned
to any other department, nine hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For purchase of horses for the cavalry and
artillery, and for Indian scouts, four hundred
and fifty thousand dollars. .
For transportation of the Army, including bag-
gage of the troops when moving either by land
a ° /  -i. vl; n t-wJ fYHTicnn enni n-
sonville to the several posts and Army depots,
and from those depots to the troops in the held ;
aud of subsistence stores from the places ot
purchase, and from the places of oj delivery
under contract, to such places as the circum-
stances of the service may require them to be
sent- of ordnance, ordnance stores, and small
arms from the founderies and armories to the
arsenals, fortifications, frontier posts, and
Army depots; freights, wharfage, tola, and
ferriages; the purchase and hire of horses,
mules, oxen, and harness, and the purchase
and repair of wagons, carts, and drays, and
of ships and other sea-going vessels, and boats
required for the transportation of supplies anu
for garrison purposes; for drayage and cartage
at the several posts, hire of teamsters trans-
portation of funds for the pay and other d,s-
bvmna departments* tba expense ot suning
