18T1.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong..;.3d SesS.
CivilEstablishment at the Navy- Yard, Kittery,
Maine.
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, at one thousand four hundred dollars
each ; and time clerk, at one thousand two hun-
dred dollars ; in all, five thousand six hundred
dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Charlestown.
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, at one thousand four hundred dollars
each; and time clerk, at one thousand two hun-
dred dollars; in all, five thousand six hundred
dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Brooklyn, New Yorlc.
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, one thousand four hundred dollars each ;
and time clerk, at one thousand two hundred
dollars; in ail, five thousand six hundred
dollars.
A t the Navy- Yard, Philadelphia.
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, at one thousand four hundred dollars
each ; and time clerk, at one thousand two hun-
dred dollars; in all, five thousand six hundred
dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Washington.
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, at one thousand four hundred dollars
each ; and time clerk, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars ; in all, five thousand six hundred
dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Norfolk.
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars: clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, at one thousand four hundred dollars
'ifrach ; and time clerk, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars in all, five thousand six hundred
dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Pensacola.
For clerk-of storehouses, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Mare Island, California.
For draughtsman, one thousaud six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, one thousand four hundred dollars each ;
and tune clerk, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars; in all, five thousand six hundred dollars.
For foundery, tools, machinery, and appli-
ances for erecting macltiuery, and tools in
machine shop, and for fitting up smithy, eighty-
five thousand dollars.
BCBEAU OF PROVISIONS AND CLOTHIXG.
For provisions for the officers, seamen, and
marines, one million five hundred and forty-
seven thousand dollars.
For purchase of water for ships, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For purchase of clothing and clothing ma-
terials. two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For pay of the civil establishment at the
several navy-yards under this bureau :
At Navy-Yard, Boston.
Two writers, one to paymaster and one to
inspeetor of provisions and clothing, at one
thousand and seventeen dollars and twenty-
five cents each; in all, two thousand and
thirty-four dollars and fifty cents.
At the Navy-Yard, Brooklyn.
Two writers to paymasters, at onethousand
and seventeen dollars and twenty five cents
each ; assistant to inspector of provisions and
clothing, one thousand eight hundred and sev-
enty-eight dollars; writer to inspeetor of pro-
visions and clothing, one thousaniaud seven-
teen dollars and twenty-five cents; assistant
superintendent of mills, nine hundred and
thirty-nine dollars ; in all, five thousand eight
hundred and ssixty-eight dollars and seventy-
five cents.
M the Navy- Yard, Philadelphia.
One writer to paymaster, one thousand and
seventeen dollars and twenty-five cents; one
writer to inspector of provisions axid clothing,
one thousand and seventeen dollars and twenty-
five cents; in all, two thousand and thirty-four
dollars and fifty cents.
At the Navy- Yard, Washington.
One writer to paymaster, one thousand and
seventeen dollars and twenty-five cents.
At the Navy- Yard, Norfolk.
One writer to paymaster, one thousand and
seventeen dollars and twenty-five cents.
At the Navy- Yard, Mare Island.
One writer to paymaster, at one thousand
arid seventeen dollars and twenty-five cents ;
ofie writer to inspector of provisions and cloth-
ing, one thousand twp hundred and ninety-five
dollarsahd fifty cents; in all, two thousand three
hundred and twelve dollars and seventy-five
cents.
For contingent expenses:
. For freight and transportation to foreign and
home stations; candles; fuel; interior altera-
tions and fixtures in inspection buildings;
tools, and repairing same at eight inspections;
special watchmen in eight inspections; books
and blanks; stationery; telegrams ; postages
and express charges; tolls, ferriages and car
tickets; ice; and incidental labor not charge-
able to other appropriations, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars.
BUREAU OF 1IEDIOIXE AXD SURGERY.
For support of the medical department, for
surgeons' necessaries for vessels-in commis-
sion, navy-yards, naval stations, Marine corps.
Coast Sur.vey, not including the families of ofli
cers on shore stations, fifty thousand dollars
For necessary repairs of naval laboratory
hospitals, and appendages, including roads
■wharves, out-houses, steam-heating apparatus
sidewalks, fences, gardens, farms, and forgrad'
ingand laying off' the grounds of the two new
hospitals, forty thousand dollars.
For pay of tlie civil establishment under
this bureau:
At the hospital at Chelsea, Massachusetts,
seven thousand seven hundred and eighty-two
dollars. . .
At the hospital, New York, eleven thousand
three hundred and thirty-six dollars.
At the hospital, Philadelphia, six thousand
nine hundred and ninety dollars.
At the hospital, Washington, District of
Columbia, five thousand and seventy dollars.
At the hospital, Annapolis, Maryland, four
thousand five hundred and twelve dollars.
At the hospital, Norfolk, Virginia, five thou-
sand four hundred and six dollars.
At the hospital, Pensacola, Florida, five
thousand and ninety-four dollars.
At the hospital. Mare Island, California,
eight thousand eight hundred and seventy-two
d0ilarS' vr -tr , c
At the naval laboratory, New York, five
thousand six hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, one thousand two hundred and ninety
At the navy-yard, Boston, Massachusetts,
one thousand four hundred and eighty dollars.
At the navy-yard, New \ork, one thousand
four hundred and eighty dollars.
At the navy-yard, Philadelphia,one thousand
four hundred and eighty dollars.
At the navy-yard, Washington, .District ot
Columbia, one thousand four hundred and
eighty dollars.
At the navy-yard, Norfolk, Virginia, one
thousand four hundred and eighty dollars.
At the naval station, Mound City, Illinois,
one thousand four hundred and eighty dollars.
For contingent eipehses of the bureau,
freight oh medical Stores,' transportation of
insane^ patients to the Government hospital,
advertising, telegraphing, purchase of books,
expenses attending the naval medical board
of examiners, purchase and repair of wagons,
harness, purchase and feed of horses, cows,
trees, garden tools, seeds, thirty thousand
dollars.
saval academy.
For pay of professors and others: one pro-
fessor of mathematics, twenty five hundred
dollars'; four professors, namely, of mathe-
matics, (assistant,) of French, of chemistry,
and of ethics and English studies, at two thou-
sand two hundred dollars each; fourteen as-
sistant professors, namely, five of French, two
of Spanish, three of ethics and English studies,
one of mathematics, one of astronomy, and
two of drawing, at one thousand eight hundred
dollars each; and the money appropriated for
the. current year for the salaries of professors
and assistant professors may be distributed
as above: Provided, That the sum so appro-
priated be not exceeded; sword-master, at
one thousand two hundred dollars, and two
assistants, at one thousand dollars each ; box-
ing-master and gymnast, one thousand two
hundred dollars; assistant librarian, at one
thousand four hundred dollars; three clerks
to Superintendent, one at one thousand two
hundred dollars, one at one thousand dollars,
and one at eight hundred dollars; clerk to pay;
master, one thousand dollars; commissary, at
two hundred and eighty-eight dollars; messen-
ger to Superintendent, at six hundred dollars;
cook, at three hundred and twenty-five dollars
and fifty cents; armorer, at five hundred and
twenty-nine dollars .and fifty cents; quarter-
gunner, at four hundred and nine dollars and
fifty cents; gunner's mate, at four hundred
and sixty-nine dollars and fifty cents; coxswain,
at four hundred and sixty-nine dollars and fifty
cents; three seamen, in departments of sea-
mansliip, at three hundred and forty-nine dol-
lars and fifty cents each; band-master, at five
hundred and twenty-eight dollars; eighteen
first-class musicians, at three hundred and
forty-eight dollars each; seven second-class
musicians, at three hundred dollars each; two
drummers and one fifer, (first class,) at three
hundred and forty-eight dollars each; in all,
fifty-eight thousand four hundred and seventy-
six dollars.
For pay of watchmen and others, thirty
thousand two huudred and ninety-four dollars
and fifty cents.
For pay of mechanics and others, seventeen
thousand four hundred and sixty-two dollars
and seventy-five cents.
For pay of employees in the department of
steam enginery, for machinists, boiler-makers,
and others, eight thousand seven hundred and
sixty dollars.
For repairs and improvements of public
buildings, fourteen thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses, sixty-four thou-
sand and eighty-nine dollars.
MARIXE COUPS.
For pay and subsistence of officers of the
Marine corps, and for pay of non-commissioned
officers, musicians, privates, and others of the
corps, seven hundred thousand dollars.
For provisions, one hundred and twenty
thousand dollars.
For clothing, one hundred and sixteen thou-
sand eight hundred and nineteen dollars.
For fuel, twenty-six thousand one hundred
and sixty-nine dollars.
For military stores, namely: for pay of
