380
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
■ For improvement of Queenstown harbor,
Maryland, five thousand dollars.
For improvement of harbor at Cambridge,
Maryland, ten thousand dollars.
■ For improvement of the ship, channel in the
Patapseo river and Chesapeake bay, leadjng
toward the harbor of Baltimore; fifty thousand
dollars.
For improvement of the channel at the riiouth
of Cape Fear river, North Carolina, seventy-
five thousand dollars.
For improvement of Roanoke river, below
Weldon, North Carolina, twenty thousand
dollars.
For improvement of the ship channel in
Charleston harbor, South Carolina, thirteen
thousand dollars.
For improvement of the James river, below
Richmond, Virginia, fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Appomattox river,
below Petersburg, Virginia, fifty thousand dol-
lars. '
For improvement of the Rappahannock river,
Virginia, fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Hudson river, New
York, forty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the East River, New
York, including Hell date, two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Pawtucket river; Rhode
Island, seven thousand dollars.
For construction of breakwater at Block
Island, Rhode Island, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
ForimprovementpfPawcatnck river, Rhode
Island and Connecticut, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Thames river, Connec-
ticut, fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of Connecticut river, above
Hartford and below Holyoke; twenty thousand
dollars.
For improvement of Connectieutriver, below
Hartford, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement of New Haven harbor,
Connecticut, forty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Housatonic river
Connecticut, fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of Bridgeport harbor
Connecticut, twenty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Taunton river, Massa
ehusettS, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Hyannis harbor, Mas
sachusetts. ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Provineetown harbor
Massachusetts, six thousand dollars.
For improvement of Plymouth harbor, Mas
sachusatts, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Boston harbor, Massa^
elmSetts, one hundred thousand dollars.
For improvement of Merrimac river, above
Haverhill, Massachusetts, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For improvement of Kennebunk river,
Maine, five thousand dollars.
For improvement of Saco river, Maine,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of Portland harbor, Maine,
forty thousaud dollars.
For improvement of the Cocheco river,
within the town of Dover, New Hampshire,
ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Kennebec river, above
Hallowell, Maine, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Kennebec river, be-
tween Gardiner arid Richmond, Maine, five
thousand dollars.
For improvement of navigation at the
"Gut," opposite Bath, Maine, sis thousand
five hundred dollars.
For improvement of the Penobscot river, at
Bangor, and below, Maine, fifty thousand
do) jarsL
For improvement of Union river, Maine,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of Royal's river, Maine,
ten thousand dollars,
For improvement of Narragaugus river,
Maine, twelve thousand dollars.
For improvement of Sullivan river, Maine,
ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of White, Black, and
Little Red rivers; in the State of Arkansas,
ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Saint Francis river, in
the State of Arkansas, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Little Missouri
river, in the State of Arkansas, ten thousand
dollars.
For improvement of the Cumberland river
below Nashville, Tennessee, thirty thousand
dollars.
For improvement of Galveston harborj
Texas, twenty thousand dollars.
For construction of breakwater at Wilming-
ton harbor, California, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For improvement of the Umpqua river,
Oregon, twenty:two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the improvement of the bar at the mouth
of the Saint John's rivgr, Florida, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For improvement of Mobile harbor, Ala-
bama, fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Osage river, Mis-
souri, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement of the harbor at Du Luth,
Minnesota, sixty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Willamette river,
above Oregon City; Oregon, sixteen thousand
dollars.
Fot examination and surveys for improve-
ment on the northern and northwestern lakes
and rivers, arid the Atlantic and Pacific coasts,
and for contingencies 'of rivers and harbors
not provided for iii this act, one hundred and
seventy-five thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. That all moneys heretofore appro-
priated for the improvement of the Tennessee
river, and still unexpended, shall be expended,
under the direction of the Secretary of War,
for the repair and completion of the works
heretofore begun between Knoxvilleand Chat-
tanooga, and for the continuation of the works
now in progress below Chattanooga, including
the Muscle shoals.
Sec. 3. That the Secretary of War is hereby
directed to cause examinations or surveys, or
both, to be made at the following points,
namely: at Galveston harbor, from the outer
bar up to the Red Fish bar, on or nearest to
the west shore ; at Mississippi City, for harbor
on Mississippi sound ; at Black river, Missouri,
to Poplar bluff; at Current river, Missouri,
from its mouth to VanBuren ; at Otter creek,
Vermont; at Norfolk harbor, Virginia; at
Eureka harbor, and at Santa Cruz, California ;
at Passaic river, between Newark and Passaic,
New Jersey ; for ship-canal from the head of
Sturgeon bay, Wisconsin, on the line now
opened across the portage through the timber
to the shore of Lake Michigan, with estimates
for constructing the same one hundred feet
wide and thirteen feet deep; at Bast Chester
creek or inlet, New York; at Port Chester
harbor, New York; atRondout harbor, Hud-
son river, New York; atMaumee river, above
Toledo, Ohio; at Fourche La Faive river, Ark-
ansas ; for resurveying of Monroe harbor,
Michigan ; for survey and estimate for remov-
ing middle ground at the mouth of Black
river, in Saint Clair river, Michigan ; harbor
at Stonington, Connecticut; at Grand Marais,
Michigan ; at Neabsco bay, Virginia; at Ac-
cotiuk bay, Virginia; at Savannah harbor,
Georgia; at Well's harbor, Maine; at Coosa
river, Alabama; at Huntington harbor, on
south coast of Long Island sound ; and to com-
plete the survey of the Cumberland river, arid
the resurvey of the Tennessee river, from
Brown's ferry to Florence, Alabama; atChoc-
tftwhatehee river, Florida; at Aijuia creek,
Virginia; for survey of White river, from Buf-
falo shoals to the mouth of Janies fork, Mis-
souri; for the survey of the Wabash river,
from its mouth to the city of Lafayette ; for
survey of the Monoiigahela river, from New
Geneva, in Pennsylvania; to Morgantown, in
West Virginia; for a survey beginning at or
near Guntersville, on the, Tennessee river, to
the headwaters of the Warrior and Coosa
rivers, in Alabama, with the view of determin-
ing the practicability of uniting the waters of
the Tennessee river with the waters of the
Warrior or Coosa river for the purposes of
navigation, and estimates for necessary locks
and dams to extend the navigation on said river
to the last-named place; for examination and
survey of the Etowah river, from its mouth up
to Cartersville, Georgia, and also for exam-
ination and survey of Atchafalaya bay and
Calcasieu pass, Louisiana; of the Oostenaula
river; from Rome, Georgia, up to the mouth
of the Coosawattee ; at Chattahoochee river,
below Columbus, Georgia ; at the mouth of the
Saint John's river, from the outer bar to Jack-
sonville, Florida; at the mouth of the Saint
Mark's river, from Spanish Hole to St. Mark's,
Florida; at Apalachicola bay, Florida ; at
Tarawa bay, at Tampa, Florida; for resurvey
of Filteen-Mile falls; at Elizabeth and Nanse-
mond rivers, Virginia; at Camden, Arkansas,
to Trinity, Louisiana, on Ouachita river; at
Goldsboro, North Carolina, to the mouth of
Neuse river ; at the mouth of Licking river,
Kentucky, for harbor of refuge; for survey of
the Cape Fear and Deep rivers, as far up as
La Grange, North Carolina; at Cuivre river,
Missouri, from its mouth to Moscow Mills ; at
Bayou Bartholomew, from its mouth to the
Arkansas State line ; for the examination and
survey of the Tangipaha and Chifuncte rivers,
in the State of Louisiana; for the survey of
Horse Shoe shoals, in the Delaware river,
below Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; for the
survey of the harbor of Norwalk, Connecticut;
for surveying the mouths of Quantico and
ChoppaWamasic bays, Virginia; Reexamina-
tion and survey of Red river, from the mouth
to a point above the raft in Louisiana.
Sec. 4, That the unexpended balances of
appropriations made by the act approved July
eleven, eighteen hundred and seventy, entitled
"An act making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works in [on] rivers and harbors, and for other
purposes, for the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one," are hereby
reappropriated for the purposes therein speci-
fied: Provided, That, any part, of the appro-
priations made by this act may, at the discre-
tion of the Secretary of War, be applied during
the current fiscal year.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXIX.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Construction, Preservation, and
Repairs of. certain Fortifications and other
Works of Defence.
Be. it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the. United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sum3
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, fob the following fortifica-
tions and other works of defence:
For Fort Gorges, Portland harbor, Maine,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For Fort Preble, Portland harbor, Maine,
twenty-eight thousand five hundred dollars. -
For Fort Scammell, Portland harbor, Maine, I
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Warren, Boston harbor, Massachu-
setts; fifty thousand dollars.
For battery oh Long Island head, Boston
harbor, Massachusetts, thirty-seven thousand
five hundred dollars.
