1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
Laws of the United States.
41st Ooua....3D Sess.
For Port Winthrop, Boston harbor, Massa-
chusetts, forty-five thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For Fort Independence, Boston harbor, Mas-
sachusetts, twenty-seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For Fort Schuyler, East river, New York,
fifty-seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For fort at Willett's point., Fast river, New
York, forty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Hamilton and additional batteries,
New York harbor, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For fort on site of Fort Tompkins, New
York harbor, fifty-two thousand dollars.
For Battery Hudson, New York harbor,
sixteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For Fort Mifflm, near Philadelphia, twenty-
six thousand dollars.
For battery on Finn's point, Delaware river,
twenty thousand dollars.
For new fort opposite Fort Delaware, Dela-
ware shore, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Moultrie, Charleston harbor, twen-
ty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Sumter, Charleston harbor, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For Fort Pulaski, Savannah river, twenty-
six thousand five hundred dollars.
For Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida,
forty-two thousand five hundred dollars.
For Fort Jackson, Mississippi river, Louis-
iana, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Saint Philip, Mississippi river,
Louisiana, thirty-seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For fort at Fort point, entrance to San Fran-
cisco harbor, California, filty thousand dollars.
For fort at Lime point, one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For fort on Alcatraz Island, in the harbor
of San Francisco, California, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars.
For purchase of sites proposed to be occu-
pied for permanent sea-coast defences : Pro-
vided, That no such purchase shall be made
exce.pt upon the appioval of its expediency
by the Secretary of War, and of the validity
of the title by the Attorney General, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars : And provided
further, That no contracts or obligation be
incurred for future expenditures therefor.
For contingencies of fortifications, two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For sea-coast mortar batteries, oue hundred
thousand dollars.
For survey for military defences, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars, and the unex-
pended balance of appropriations for '-perma-
nent defences at Narragansett bay, Rhode
Island,'*' remaining on ttie thirtieth day of
June, eighteen hundred and seventy, and the
unexpended balances of the appropriations
made by the act approved July eleven, eighteen
bundled and seventy, entitled "Ail act making
appropriations for the construction, preserva-
tion, and repairs of certain fortifications, and
other works of defence, for the fiscal year end-
ing June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one," are hereby reappropriated for the same'
purpose. *
App&oved, JIurch 3, 1871.
Chap. CXX.— An Act making Appropriations
for the Current and Contingent Expenses
of the Indian Department, and for fulfill-
ing Treaty Supulutions with various Indian
Tubes, for tiie year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, and tor
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of tiie United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, 1 bat the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, out ot
y money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the purpose of paying the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the various Indian tribes
For pay of eight superintendents of Indian
affairs, namely: two superintendents for the
tribes east of the Rocky mountains ; one for
Oregon; one for Washington Territory; one
for the Territory of New Mexico; one for
California; one for the Territory of Arizona ;
and one for Montana, nineteen thousand one
hundred dollars.
For pay of sixty-two agents of Indian affairs,
namely: three for the tribes in Oregon ; four
for the tribes in New Mexico ; one additional
for Indians in New Mexico ; one for the tribes
in New Mexico; one for the tribes in Utah;
one additional for the Indians in Utah; one
for the tribes in the Territory of Utah ; eleven
for the tribes east of the Rocky mountains ;
two for the tribes east of the Rocky mountains;
six for the Indians east of the Rocky mount-
ains; namely, Sioux, Seminole, Omaha, Kick-
apoo, Kansas, and Neosho agencies ; three
for the tribes east of the Rocky mountains;
one for the Indians in the State of New York;
one for Green bay, Wisconsin; three for the
tribes in Washington Territory; one for the
Wichitas and neighboring tribes west of the
Choctaws and Chickasaws ; one for the tribes
east of the Rocky mountains; one for the
Indians in the Territory of New Mexico ; one
for the Ponca tribe; one for the Pawnees; one
for the Yankton Sioux; three for the tribes
in the Territory of Washington ; one for the
Grand River and Uintah bands of Indians in
the Territory of Colorado ; two for the Upper
Missouri and the country adjacent thereto;
one for the Ottawas, Chippewas of Swan creek
and Black river, and Christian Indians in
Kansas; three agents for the State of Cali-
fornia ;. one for the Kiowa, Apache, and
Comanche Indians; one for the Sisseton and
Wahpeton bands of Dakota or Sioux Indians;
one for the bands of Sacs and Foxes of the
Mississippi, now in Tama county, Iowa; one
for the Indians in the State of Nevada; one
for the Crow tribe of Indians ; one for the
Shoshoiies and Bannocks; and one for the
Sioux Indians of Devil's lake, ninety-three
thousand six hundred dollars: Provided, That
it shall be the duty of the President to dispense
with the services of such Indian agents and
superintendents herein mentioned as may be
practicable ; and where it is practicable, he
shall require the same person to perform the
duties of two agencies or superintendences
for one  salary.
For pay of six special agents: one for the
Pueblo Indians in New Mexico; one for the
Moquis Pueblos in Arizona; one for the Pi-
Utes in Nevada; one for the Papagoes and
others in Arizona; one for the Colorado River
agency; and one for the Bannocks and others
at the Fort Hall reservation in Idaho Terri-
tory, nine thousand dollars.
For six sub-agents: four for the tribes m
Oregon, and two for the tribes in Washington
Territory, six thousand dollars.
For pay of clerk to superintendent for Cali-
fornia, one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For temporary clerks to superintendent, six
thousand si£ hundred dollars.
For pay of ninety interpreters, as follows:
twenty-one for the tribes in Oregon and the
Territories of Washington, Utah, and New
Mexico, at five hundred dollars each; thirty-
six for the tribes elsewhere, at four hundred
dollars each; seventeen extra for the tribes
elsewhere, at four hundred dollars each; three
for tiie Indian service in Utah, atfive hundred
dollars each ; one for the Shoshones and one
for the Utahs, at one thousand dollars each;
one for the Sisseton and Wahpeton bands of
Sioux, four hundred dollars; and one tor the
Sacs and Foxes of the Mississippi, now in
Tama county, Iowa, four hundred dollars;
nine for the Indian service in the Territories
of Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Wyoming, and
the State of Nevada, at five hundred dollars
each; in all, forty thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For buildings at agencies, and repairs of
same, ten thousand dollars.
For vaccine matter and vaccination of In-
dians, including deficiency for current fiscal
year, five thousand dollars.
For presents to and provisions for Indians,
ten thousand dollars.
For the manufacture of medals for Indians,
five thousand dollars.
For actual necessary expenses incurred, and
that may hereafter be incurred, by officers of
t&k Indian department, in the rescue of pris-
oners from Indian tribes and returning them
to their homes, and for expenses incident to
the arrest and confinement within the territory
of the United States, by order of such officers,
of persons charged with crimes against the
Indians, five thousand dollars.
For contingencies, including traveling, inci-
dental, current, and contingent expenses of
superintendents and agents, and of their offices,
thirty-eight thousand five hundred dollars.
Apaches, Kiowas, and Comanches.
For fourth of thirty instalments, as provided
to be expended under the tenth article of the
treaty of October twenty-one, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, concluded at_ Medicine
Lodge Creek, in Kansas, with the Kiowas and
Comanches, and under the third article of the
treaty of same date with the Apaches, thirty
thousand dollars.
For purchase of clothing, as provided in the
same treaties, twenty-six thousand dollars.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, five thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For pay of physician aud teacher, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For last of three instalments, as provided in.
the same treaties, to be expended in presents
to the ten persons of the said tribes who, in
the judgment of the agent, may grow the most
valuable crops for the period named, five hun-
dred dollars.
For transportation of goods, five thousand
dollars.
For purchase of seeds and agricultural imple-
ments to be furnished each head of a family or
lodge who intends to commence cultivating the
soil, (say one hundred families,) ten thousand
dollars.
Apaches of Arizona and New Mexico.
For this amount, to be expended under the
direction of the President, in collecting the
Apaches of Arizona and New ^Mexico upon
reservations, furnishing them with subsistence
and other necessaiy articles, and to promote
peace and civilization among them, seventy
thousand dollars : Provided, I hat this appro-
priation shall be expended only in behalf of
those Indians who go and remain upon said
reservations, and refrain from hostilities.
Aricharets, Gros Ventres, and Mandans.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including insurance and transportation there-
of, in instructing in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits, in providing employees, educat-
ing children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance, care for and support of the aged,
sick, and infiim, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in any other respect to pro-
mote their civilization, comfort, and improve-
ment, forty thousand dollars.
Assinaboines.
For this amount, to be expended in such
