1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL,GLOBE.
883
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
enth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the pay of two carpenters, one thousand
eight hundred dollars, and two blacksmiths,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; four farm
laborers, two thousand four hundred dollars;
one physician, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars ; and medicine for the sick, five hundred
dollars, per fifth article treaty May seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, seven thou-
sand seven hundred dollars.
For this amount, to be applied toward the
support of a saw-mill, to be built for the com-
mon use of the Chippewas of the Mississippi
and_ the "lied Lake and Pembina bands of
Chippewas, as per sixth article treaty of May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For pay of services and travelling expenses
of a board of visitors, to consist of not more
than three persons, to attend the annuity pay-
ments to the Indians, and to inspect the fields,
buildings, mills, and other improvements, as
stipulated in the seventh article treaty May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, not
exceeding any one year more than twenty
days' service, at five dollars per day, or more
than three hundred miles' travel, at ten cents
per mile, four hundred and eighty dollars.
For pay of female teachers employed on the
reservations to instruct Indian girls in domestic
economy, one thousand dollars.
Chippewas, Pillager, and Lake Winnebago-
shislt, Bands.
For seventeenth of thirty instalments of
annuity in mouey, per third article treaty
twenty-second February, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, teu thousand six hundred and
sixty six dollars and sixty-six cents.
For seventeenth of thirty instalments of
ami ui ty i n goods, per third article treaty twenty-
_second February, eighteen hundred aud fifty-
alive, eight thousand dollars.
1 For seventeenth of thirty instalments for pur-
poses of utility, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, four thousand dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty instalments for
purposes of education, per third article treaty
twenty-second February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
Chippewas of Red Lake and Pembina Tribe of
Chippewas.
For this amount as annuity to be paid per
capita to the JBed Lake band of Chippewas
during the pleasure of the President, per third
article treaty second October, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, and second article sup-
plementary to treaty April twelve, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, ten thousand dollars.
For this amount, to the Pembina band of
Chippewas, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per same treaty, five thousand dollars.
For eighth of fifteen instalments for the pur-
pose of supplying the Red Lake band of Chip-
pewas with gillingtwine, cotton matter, calico,
linsey, blaukets, sheeting, flannels, provisions,
farming tools, and for such other useful articles
and for such other useful purposes as may
be deemed for their best interests, per third
article supplementary treaty of twelfth April,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For eighth of fifteen instalments for same
objects for Pembina band of Chippewas, per
same treaty, four thousand dollars.
For eighth of fifteen instalments for pay_ot
one blacksmith, one physician, who shall fur-
nish medicine for the sick, one miller, and
one farmer, per fourth article of same treaty,
three thousand nine hundred dollars.
For eighth of fifteen instalments for the pur-
chase of iron aud steel, and other articles, for
bhtckstnithing purposes, per same treaty as
abdvis, aits thousand fivfe hundred dollars.
For eighth of fifteen instalments, to be ex-
pended for carpentering, and other purposes,
per same treaty, one thousand dollars.
For eighth of fifteen instalments, to defray
expenses of a board of visitors, to consist of
not more than three persons, to attend the an-
nuity payments of the said Chippewa Indians;
each member of the board to be paid not more
than five dollars per day, for not more than
twenty days' service, and tea cents per mile
for not more than three hundred miles' travel,
three hundred and ninety dollars.
For insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and provisions, and iron and steel for
blacksmiths, for the Chippewas of Red Lake
and Pembina tribe, three thousand dollars.
For this amount or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to be used at the discretion of
the President, to carry on the work of instruct-
ing and aiding the Chippewas of Red Lake,
the Pembina tribe of Chippewas, and other
Indians of the Mississippi Chippewa agency,
(not including the Chippewas of Lake Supe-
rior,) in the arts of civilization, with a view to
their self-support, twenty thousand dollars.
Choctaws.
For permanent annuity, per second article
treaty sixteenth November, eighteen hundred
and five, and thirteenth article treaty twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light*-
horsemen, per thirteenth article treaty eight-
eenth October, eighteen hundred and'twenty,
and article thirteen, treaty twenty-second June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six hundred
dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of black-
smith, per sixth article treaty eighteenth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and twenty, ninth arti-
cle treaty January twenty, eighteen hundred
and twenty-five,'and thirteenth article treaty
twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity for education, per
second article treaty twentieth January, eight-
een hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth
article treaty twenty-second June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity of iron and steel,
per ninth article treaty twentieth January,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, and thir-
teenth article of treaty twenty-second June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred
and twenty dollars.
For interest on three hundred and ninety
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars
and ninety-two cents, at five per centum per
annum, for education, support of the govern-
ment, and other beneficial purposes, under the
direction of the general council of the Choc-
taws, in conformity with the provisions con-
tained in the ninth aud thirteenth articles of
the treaty twentieth January, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-five, and treaty of twenty-
second of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, nineteen thousand five hundred and twelve
dollars and eighty-nine cents.
Confederated Tribes and Bands of Indians in
Middle Oregon.
For second of five instalments, third series,
for beneficial objects, per secoud article treaty
twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred aud fifty-
five, four thousand dollars.
For twelfth of fifteen instalments for pay and
subsistence of one farmer, one blacksmith,
and one wagon and plow maker, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fifth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for pay
and subsistence of one physician, one sawyer,
one miller, one superintendent of farming
operations, and one school-teacher, per fourth
article J.reaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five thousand six hundred
dollars.
For twelfth of twenty installments forsalury
of the head chief of said confederated ban<1«,
per fourth article treaty twenty-fifth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
Creeks.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty seventh August, seventeen hun-
dred and ninety, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty sixteenth J une, eighteen hundred
and two, and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth
article treaty twenty-fourth^January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, an'd fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
eight hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent annuity for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy
dollars.
For permanent annuity for the pay of a
■wheelwright, per eighth article treaty twenty-
fourth January, eighteen hundred and twenty-
six, and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, six hundred
dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
eight hundred and forty dollars.
For iron and steel of shop, three hundred
and seventy dollars.
For wagon-maker, six hundred dollars.
For education, one thousand dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations, two
thousand dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousand dollars, for purposes of education,
per sixth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on six hundred and seventy-five
thousand one hundred and sixty-eight dollars,
at the rate of five per centum per annum, to
be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, under provisions of third
article treaty June fourteen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, thirty-three thousand seven, hun-
dred and fitty-eight dollars and forty cents.
Crows.
For third of thirty instalments to supply
male persons, six hundred in number, over
fourteen years of age, with a suit of good sub-
stantial woollen clothing, consisting of coat,
hat, pantaloons, flannel shirt,and woolen socks,
as per ninth article of treaty of May seven,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, eight thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For third of thirty instalments to supply each
female, seven hundred in number, over twelve
years of age, with a flannel shirt, or the goods
necessary to make the same, a pair of woolen
hose, twelve yards of calico, and twelve yards
of cotton domestic, as per same article, eight
thousand four hundred dollars.
For third of thirty instalments to supply three
hundred and fifty boys and three hundred and
fifty girls, under the ages named, such flannel
and cotton goods as may be needed to make
each a suit as aforesaid, together with a pair
of woolen hose for each, as per same article,
five thousand nine hundred and twenty-three
dollars.
