384
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
41st Gong....3d Sess.
Laivs of- the United States.
For third of ten instalments, to be used by
the Secretary of the Interior in the purchase
of such articles as fropi time to time the con-
dition and necessities may indicate to be
proper, the pm of ten dollars for each Indian
roaming, as per samp article, the sum not
exceeding five thousand dollars.
For pay of a pbysiciap, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For second of twenty instalments for pay of
teacher and furnishing necessary books and
stationery, under seventh article same treaty,
three thousand dollars.
For first of three instalments for the pur-
chase of seeds and implements for such Indians
as shall continue to farm, (say fifty souls,) one
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For pay of second blacksmith, iron and
steel, as per eighth article fame treaty, two
thousand dollars.
For second of ten instalments, to be used
by the Secretary of fhe Interior jn the pur-
chase of such articles as from time to time the
condition and necessities of the Indians may
indicate to be proper, the sum of twenty dol-
lars for each Indian engaged in agriculture, as
per ninth article ofr the same treaty, a sum not
exceeding twenty thousand dollars.
' For second of four instalments to furnish
said Indians with flour and meat, as per ninth
article treaty May seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, one hundred and thirty-one
thousand four hundred dollars.
For second of three instalments, to be ex-
pended in presents to the ten persons of said
tribe who, in the judgment of the agent, may
grow the most valuable crops, as per twelfth
article same treaty, five hundred dollars.
For pay of carpenter, miller, engineer,
farmer, and blacksmith, as per fifteenth arti-
cle «>f same treaty, live thousand two hundred
dollars.
Per insurance and transportation of goods,
eight thousand dollars.
Delawares.
For life annuity to chief, per private article
to supplemental treaty twenty-fourth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, to
treaty of third October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, one hundred dollars: 1'rovided, That
satisfactory evidence shall be shown to tlje
Secretary of the Interior that the chief pro-
vided for by said private article is still alive.
For interest oil forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value of
thirty-six sections of land set apart by treaty
of eighteen hundred and twenty-nine for edu-
cation, per Senate resolution June thirteen,
eighteen hundred and thirty-nine, and fifth
article treaty of May six, eighteen hundred
and fifty-si'j: [four], two thousand three hun-
dred and four dollars.
1)' Wamish and other allied Tribes in Wash-
ington Territory.
For twelfth instalment on one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars, under the direction of
the President, per sixth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, six thousand dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
establishment and support of an agricultural
and industrial school, and to provide said
school with a suitable instructor or instruct-
ors, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second
January, eighteen "hundred and. fifty-five, three
thousand dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
support of a smith and carpenter shop, and
furnishing itwiih necessary tools, five hundred
doliars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
employmentofablacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and (jhysician, who shall furnish medicines for
the sick, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, four thousand six hundred dollars.
Flatheads and other Confederated Tribes.
For fhe third of five instalments on one hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars, being the
third series, for beneficial objects, at the dis-
cretion of the President, per fourth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hupdred and
fifty-five, four thousand dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
support of an agricultural ^nd industrial school,
keeping in repair the'buildings, and providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for provid-
ing suitable instructors therefor, per fifth arti-
cle treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for keep-
ing in repair blacksmiths', tin and gunsmiths',
carpenters', and wagon and plow makers' shops
and providing necessary tools therefor, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty five, five hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
employment of two farmers, two millers, one
blacksmith, one tinner, one gunsmith, one car-
penter, and one wagon and plow maker, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty five, seven thousand four
hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for keep-
ing in repair saw and flouring mills, and for
furnishing the necessary tools and fixtures
therefor, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for keep-
ing in repair the hospital and providing the
necessary medicines and furniture therefor,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for pay
of a physician, per fifth article treaty sixteenth
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for keep-
ing in repair the buildings required for the
various employees, and furnishiug the neces-
sary furniture therefor, per fifth article treaty
sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the pay
of each of the head chiefs of the Flathead,
Kootenay, and Upper Pond d'Oreilles tribes,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For insurance and transportation of apnuit.y
goods and provisions to said Indians, per fifth
article treaty of July sixteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, two thousand dollars.
Oros Ventres.
For this amount, to be expended in sueh
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from lime to time determine,
including insurance and transportation there-
in instructing in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits, in providing employees, educat-
ing children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance, care for and support of the aged,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in any other respect to pro-
mote their civilization, comfort, and improve-
ment, thirty-five thousand dollars.
Iowas.
For interest in lieu of investment on fifty-
seven thousand five hundred dollars, balance
of one hundred and fifty-seven thousand five
hundred dollars, to the first of July, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, at five per centum per
annum, for education or other beneficial pur-
poses, under the direction of the President,
per ninth article of treaty of May seventeen,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
eight hundred and seventy-five dollars.
For interest in lieu of investment on two
hundred thousand dollars, at five per centum
per annum, per second' article treaty of Jan-
uary fourteen, eighteen hundred and forty-six,
ten thousand dollars.
Kiclcapoos.
For eighteenth instalment of interest on one
hundred thousand dollars, at five pSr centum
per annum, for educational and other bene-
ficial purposes, per treaty of May eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thousand
dollars.
For eighteenth instalment on two hundred
thousaud dollars, to be paid in eighteen hun
dred and seventy-two, per second article treaty
eighteenth May,eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
five thousand dollars.
Klamath and Modoc Indians.
For the first of five instalments', to be applied
under direction of the President, as per second
article treaty of October fourteen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, five thousand dollars.
For fifth of twenty instalments for keeping
in repairone saw-mill, one flouring-mill, build-
ings for the blacksmith, carpenter, and wagon
and plow maker, the manual-labor school, and
hospital, as per fourth article treaty of October
fourteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For sixth of twenty instalments, for the pur-
chase of tools and material' for saw and flour
mills, carpenter, blacksmith, wagon and plow
maker's shops, and books and stationery for
the manual-labor school, as per fourth article
treaty of October fourteen, eighteen hundred,
and sixty-four, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For sixth of fifteen instalments, for pay and
subsistence of one superintendent of farming,
one farmer, one blacksmith, one sawyer, one
carpenter, and one wagon and plow maker, as
per .fifth article treaty of October fourteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six thousand
dollars.
For sixth of twenty instalments to pay salary
and subsistence of one physician, one miller,
and two school-teachers, as per fifth article
treaty of October fourteen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, three thousand six hundred
dollars.
Mahah Tribe.
For second of ten instalments of thirty thou-
sand dollars (being the fifth series), under
direction of the President, as per fifth article
of treaty of January thirty-one, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, one thousand dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for support
of a smith and carpenter's shop, and to provide
the necessary tools therefor, per eleventh article
treaty thicty-first January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,
and pay of teachers, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
employmentofablacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and physician, who shall furnish medicine for
the sick, four thousand six hundred dollars.
Menomonees.
For sixth of fifteen instalments of annuity
upon two hundred and forty-two thousand six
hundred and eighty-six dollars, for cession of
lands, per fourth article treaty May twelve,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and Senate
amendment thereto, sixteen thousand one hun-
dred and seventy-nine dollars and six cents.
