1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Miamies of Kansas.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per fifth
article treaty sixth October, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, and fourth article treaty June
five, eighteen-hundred and fifty-four, ninehun-
dred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu
of gunsmith, per filth article treaty sixth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth article
treaty twenty-third October, eighteen hundred
and thirty-four, and fourth article treaty fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hun-
dred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per third
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments upon two
hundred thousand dollars, per third article
treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
Miamies—Eel River.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per fourth article treaty third August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, five hundred
dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per articles treaty twenty-first August,
eighteen hundred and five, two hundred and
fifty dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per third and separate articles of treaty
of thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
nine, three hundred and fifty dollars.
Miamies of Indiana.
For interest on two hundred and twenty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars
and eighty-six cents uninvested, at five per
centum, per Senate amendment to fourth arti-
cle treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, eleven thousand and sixty-two
dollars and eighty-nine cents.
Motels.
For pay of teachers of manual-labor schools,
for all necessasy materials therefor, and for
the subsistence of the pupils, two thousand
dollars.
Mixed Shoshones, Bannocks, and Sheepeaters.
For this amount to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including insurance and transportation there-
of, in instructing in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits, in providing employees, educat-
ing children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance, care for and support of the aged,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in any other respect to pro-
mote their civilization, comfort, and improve-
ment, Uveniy-five thousand dollars.
Natajoes.
For third of ten instalments of such articles
of clothing, or raw material iu lieu thereof,
foreight thousand Navajoe Indians, notexceed-
ing live dollars per Indian, as per eighth arti-
cle of treaty of June one, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, forty thousand dollars.
For last of three instalments for seeds and j
agricultural implements tor fourteen hundred j
families, at the rate of twenty five dollars per j
family, as per seventh article same treaty, J
thirty five thousand dollars. j
For second often instalments to be used by i
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in the !
purchase of such articles as from time to time j
the condition and necessities of the Indians
May indicate to be proper, the sum of ten
dollars to each person who engages in farming
or mechanical pursuits, (one thousand four
hundred families,) as pur eighth article of the
same treat)*, fourteen thousand dollars.
41st Cons. 3d Sess.—No. 25.
For pay of two teachers, two thousand
dollars.
For insurance and-transportation of goods,
fifteen thousand dollars.
.ATez Perces Indians.
For second of five instalments of third series
for beneficial objects, at the discretion of the
President, per fourth article treaty of June
eleven, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six
thousand dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
support of two schools, one of which to be an
agricultural and industrial school, keeping in
repair school buildings, and for providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty June eleven, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
employment of one superintendent of teach-
ing, and two teachers, per fifth article treaty
Jane eleven, eighteeu hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand two hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
employment of one superintendent of farming,
and two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths,
one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and
one wagon and plow maker, per fifth article
treaty eleventh of June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for pay
of a physician, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand four hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for keep-
ing in repair the buildings for the various
employees, and for providing the necessary
furniture therefor, per fifth article treaty elev-
enth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
salary of such person as the tribe may select
to be their head chief, per fifth article treaty
eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five hundred dollars.
For salary of two subordinate chiefs, as per
fifth article treaty of June nine, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, one thousand dollars.
For sixth of sixteen instalments for boarding
and clothing the children who shall attend the
schools, providing the schools and boarding
houses with necessary furniture, the purchase
of necessary wagons, teams, agricultural imple-
ments, tools, and so forth, and for fencing of
such lands as may be needed for gardening
and farming purposes for the schools, three
thousand dollars.
For salary of two matrons to take charge of
the boarding-schools, two assistant teachers,
one farmer, one carpenter, and two millers,
seven thousand six hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for keep-
ing in repair the hospital, and providing the
necessary medicines, and the furniture therefor,
three hundred dollars.
For repairs of houses, mills, and tools, and
nccessary materials, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Nisqiially, Puyallup, and other Tribes and
Bands of Indians.
For seventeenth instalment, in part payment
for relinquishment of title to lands, to be applied
to beneficial objects, per fourth article treaty
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty instalments for
pay of instructors, smith, carpenter, farmer,
and physician, who shall furnish medicine to
tiie sick, per tenth article treaty twenty sixth
December, eighteen hundred and fiity-four,
six thousand seven hundred dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty instalments for
the support of an agricultural and industrial
school, and support of smith and carpenter
shop, and providing the necessary tools there-
for, in conformity with tenth article of the
treaty of December twenty-six, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
Northern Cheyennes and Arapahoes.
For third of thirty instalments for purchase
of clothing, as per sixth article of treaty of
May ten, eighteen hundred and sixty eight,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For third of ten instalments, to be expended
by the Secretary of the Interior, ten dollars
for each Indian roaming, (one thousand eight
hundred souls,) in the purchase of such articles
as from time to time the condition and neces-
sities of the Indians may indicate to be proper,
as Jjer same treaty, eighteen thousand dollars,
For third of four instalments, as per same
treaty, to furnish said Indians flour and meat,
sixty-six thousand five hundred and seventy-
six dollars.
For pay of physician, teacher, carpenter,
miller, farmer, blacksmith, and engineer, seven
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For last of three instalments, to be expended
in presents to the ten persons of said tribe
who, in the judgment of the agent, may grow
the most valuable crops for the respective year,
five hundred dollars.
_ For insurance and transportation of goods,
six thousand dollars.
Omahas.
For the fourth of fifteen instalments of this
amount, being third series, in money or other-
wise, per foutrh article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For sixth of ten instalments for keeping in
repair a grist and saw mill, and support of
blacksmith shop, per eighth article treaty of
March sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and third article treaty March six, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, three hundred
dollars.
For sixth of ten instalments for pay of one
engineer, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For sixth of ten instalments for pay of one
miller, per same treaties, nine hundred dollars.
For sixth of ten instalments for pay of one
farmer, per same treaties, nine hundred dol-
lars.
For sixth of ten instalments for pay of
blacksmith, per same treaties, nine hundred
dollars.
For fourth of ten instalments for support of
blacksmith shop, and supplying tools for the
same, three hundred dollars.
Osages.
For interest 011 sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum
per annum, being value of fifty-four sections
of land set apart by treaty of June two, eight-
een hundred and twenty-five, for educational
purposes, per Senate resolution of January
nine, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, three
thousand four hundred and fifty-six dollars.
For interest on three hundred thousand
dollars, at five per centum per annum, to be
paid semi annually, in money or such articles
as the Secretary of the Interior may direct, as
per first article treaty of September twenty-
nine, eighteen hundred and sixty five, filteen
thousand dollars: Provided, That each half-
breed or mixed blood ot the Osages, being
twenty-one years of age, or the head of a
family, shall, under such rules and regulations
and on such proofs as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Interior, be entitled to
enter, without cost, within the diminished res-
ervation of the Osagelndians in Kansas, a tract
of land, in compact form and by legal sub-
divisions, not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres, upon which such half-breed or mixed-
blood have heretofore actually settled and
made improvements: Provided, however, That
such half-breed or mixed blood so entering
