1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
Laivs of the United States.
41st Com...3d Sess.
For pay of clerks in post offices, two million
six hundred thousand dollars.
For pay of letter-carriers, one million four
hundred thousand dollars.
For wrapping-paper, thirty-five thousand
dollars.
For twine, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For letter-balances, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For pay of blank agents, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For office furniture, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars. _
For advertising, fifty thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That no part of this sum shall be paid to
any paper published in the District of Colum-
bia for advertising mail routes other than those
in Virginia and Maryland. _
For manufacture of adhesive postage-stamps,
one hundred and fifty-nine thousand dollars.
For manufacture of postage-stamped envel-
opes and newspaper wrappers, four hundred
and fourteen thousand two hundred dollars:
Provided, That no envelope as furnished by
the Government shall contain any lithograph-
ing or engraving, and no printing except a
printed request to return the letter to the
writer.
For salary of distributing agent and assist-
ants, and incidental expenses of agency, six
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents,
one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For mail-bags and mail-bag catchers, one
hundred and eighty thousand dollars.
£or mail locks and keys, forty thousand
dollars.
For post-marking and canceling stamps tor
post offices, twelve thousand five hundred dol-
lars. . ,
For balances due foreign countries, two hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For preparing and publishing post-route
maps, twenty thousand dollars.
For rent of post offices, two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For fuel for post offices, one hundred thou-
sand dollars. ,
For lights for post offices, one hundred and
ten thousand dollars.
For stationery and miscellaneous items tor
post offices, forty thousand dollars.
For registered package envelopes, lilleen
thousand dollars.
For official envelopes for use of postmasters,
thirty thousand dollars.
For envelopes for return of dead letters to
writers, four thousand dollars.
For fees to United States attorneys, clerks
of courts, and United States marshals, ten
thousand dollars. . .
For engraving, printing, and binding "raits
and warrants, three thousand five hundred
dollars. , , , ,
For miscellaneous items, one thousand dol-
l&rs. , , -n
That no money appropriated by this act shall
be applied t~> the payment of the alleged claim
against the United States in fovor ot George
Chorpenning, now pending before the bixtli
Auditor of the Treasury, or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. That the following sums, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, be, and the same
are hereby, appropriated lor the year en ing
June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, namely :
For steamship service between ban iran-
oiseo, Japan, afid China, five hundred thou-
sand dollars. , TT .. i
For steamship service between |*ie United
States and Brazil, one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For steamship service between San "an-
cisco and the Sandwich Islands, seventy-live
thousand dollars,  
Sec. 3. That if the revenues of the Post
Office Department shall be insufficient to meet
the appropriations made by this act, then the
sum of three million nine hundred and sixty-
nine thousand three hundred and eighty-three
dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated,
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to supply deficien-
cies in the revenue of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two.
Sec. 4. That all bidders, upon every mail
route, for the transportation of mails upon the
same, shall hereafter accompany their bids
(whore they exceed five thousand dollars)
with a certified check or draft, payable to the
order of the Postmaster General, of some
reliable banking house or banking institution,
which check or draft shall not be less than five
per cent, on the amount that they would re-
ceive in any one year under such bid. In case
any bidder, on being awarded any such con-
tract, shall fail to enter into good and sufficient
bonds to faithfully carry out such contract,
such bidder or bidders shall forfeit the amount
so deposited to the United States, for the use
of the Post Office Department; otherwise, such
draft or check, so deposited, shall be returned
to the bidder, to whom it belongs.
Sec. 5. That it shall be unlawful for the
Newport and Cincinnati Bridge Company, or
any other company, or person, to proceed in
the erection of the bridge now being con-
structed over the Ohio river from the city of
Cincinnati, Ohio, to the city of Newport, Ken-
tucky, and the approaches thereto, unless the
said bridge shall be so constructed that the
channel span of four hundred feet, as now
located, stall have under said span a clear
headway, at low water, of one hundred feet
below any point of said channel span, and in
such case no draw shall be required in said
bridge ; all the other spans ofsaid bridge, which
cover the Ohio river, to low-water mark, shall
have a clear headway of not less than seventy
feet above low-water mark, and the other spans
of the said bridge, extending to each shore,
may be made of less elevation than seventy
feet above low-water mark, to accommodate a
regular grade for t he approaches t® said bridge.
And when the 1'oregoing requirements shall
have been complied with by the said Newport
and Cincinnati Bridge Company, the location
of said bridge, its structures, and approaches,
shall thereupon be deemed to be legalized, and
declared to be lawful structure?, and shall be
recognized and known as a post route. The
plans for changes in such bridge, made neces-
sary by this act, shall be submitted by said
company to the Secretary of War for his ap-
proval. And, in the event pf the bridge com-
pany making the changes provided for in this
act, it shall be lawful for the said company,
after they shall have made the changes m said
bridge, and the approaches thereto, as_ herein
provided, to file their bill in equity against the
United States in the circuit courtofthe United
• States for the southern district of Ohio, and
full jurisdiction is hereby conferred upon said
court to determine: first, whether the bridge,
according to the plans on which it has pro-
gressed at the passage of this act, has been
constructed so as substantially to comply with
the provisions of law relating thereto ; and,
second, the liability of the United States, if
any there be, to the said company by reason
of the changes by this act required to be made ;
and if the said court shall determine that the
United States is so liable, and that said bridge
was so being built, then the saw court s.mU
further ascertain and determine the amount ot
the actual and necessary cost and expenditures
reasonably required to be incurred in mainng
the changes in the said bridge and its ap-
proaches as hereby authorised or requngd. m
excess of the cost of building said bridge and
approaches, according to the plan proposed,
before the changes required by this act to be
made. And the said court is hereby further
authorized and required to proceed therein to
final decreeasin olhercases in equity. Andit
shall be lawful for either party to the said suit
to appeal from the final decree of the said cir-
cuit court, to the Supreme Court of the United
States as in other cases, and the Supreme Court
shall thereupon proceed to hear and determine
the said case and make a final decree therein,
and thereupon, if such decree shall be in favor
of said company, the Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States shall, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
pay to the said company such sum of money
as shall by the said Supreme Court be so de-
creed to be paid to the said company: Pro-
vided, nevertheless, That no money shall be
paid by the Secretary of the Treasury to the
paid company until the Supreme Court of the
United States, upon appeal taken as aforesaid,
shall render a final decree in the caso in favor
of said company.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXII.—An Act to Incorporate the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid
iu the construction of its Road, and for
other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembted, That John C. Fremont,
James L. Alcorn, G. M. Dodge, 0. C. French,
John D. Caldwell, J. J. Noah, A. C. Osborne,
Timothv Hurle}', C. C. Pool, Silas N. Martin,
John M. Corse, George E. Wentworth, Philip
II. Morgan, J. D. Cameron, Marshal0. Rob-
erts, James L. Hodges, John Kay, W. Ver-
milye, Enoch L. Faucher, Charles F. Liver-
more, Joseph H. Oglesby, John Whytcek,
Daniel Drew, F. S. Davis, W. Orton, A. C.
Babcock, Thomas A. Scott, Samuel D. Hoff-
man, H. Iiamsdale, William H. Jackson, R.
C. Parsons, Delos W. Emmons, M. A. South-
worth, John H. Hall, G. C. Kinzey, W. P.
Clark, James Dart, H. Jacobs, L. T. Smith,
W. P. Dole, C. A. Weed, A. P. K. Saftord,
II. McCuliough, Charles Jackson, Elisha Dyer,
Alfred Anthony, James Hoy, M. W. Benja-
min, H. D. Cooke, Joseph R. West, W.^ S.
Huntington, J. M. Tebbetts, C. C. Leondnage,
D i> Porter, M. Woodhull, Hiram Price, M.
C.' Hunter, W. T. Walters, J. B- Brownlow,
T. A. Morris, Owen Tuller, J. H. Ledhe, R.
M. Bishop, Samnel Craighead, D. N. Stan-
ton, Augustus H. Whiting, G. L. Johnston, J.
W. Goodland, Powell Clayton, Samuel late,
'W. Bolton, H. Robinson, George Maney, O.
H. Bynum, M. Burns, J. C. Goodloe, h. G.
Barney, Cyrus Busey, J. W. Forney, J. Lock-
wood. E. M. Davis, N. Patton, W. Flanegan,
G. O'Brien, G. P. Buel, G. H. Giddmg, J.
J. Newell, E. W. Rice, II. M. Shoemaker,
Samuel Sloan, S. W. Morten J B. Bowman,
L. M. Flournoy, J. J. Hinds, G.R. Weeks,
J. T. Ludling, B. C. Gilbert, B. D. Williams,
Thomas Olcott, G. A. Fosdick, Harry Hays,
P. S. Forbes, John T. Sprague. L. R. Marsh,
A. W. Beckwith, J. C. Sianton, Cyrus ii.
Baldwin, A. J. Hamilton, Rush R. Sloan,
Silas C. Colgrove. Samuel D. Jones, N. H.
1 Decker, William N. Leel, B. F. Allen, J. D.
Chaves, AugustusKountze, JohnN. Goodwin,
William 8. Rosecrans, Michael Hahn, li. C.
Warmouth, J. S. Williams, G. M. Spencer,
L. J. Higby, W. C. Kimball, and all such per-
sons as shall or may be associated with them,
and their successors, are hereoy crea-ted a body
politic and corporate iu fact and m law by the
name, style, and title of the Texas Pacific Rail-
road Company, and by that name shall have
perpetual succession, and shall be able to sue
and be sued, plead and be impleaded, defend
