1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
of Humboldt, and Wilmington, in the county
of Los Angeles, State of California, shall be,
and are hereby, respectively, constituted ports
of delivery, within the collection district of
San Francisco ; and there may be appointed a
deputy collector of customs for each of said
ports, who shall perform the doties of such
office and receive the compensation of one
thousand five hundred dollars per annum as
salary.
Sec. 2. That any vessel of one hundred tons,
or over, coming from or going to sea, may
proceed directly to or from Eureka or Wil-
mington, and report, through the deputy col-
lector of said port, to the collector of customs
at San Francisco.
Sr.c. 3. That the office of surveyor of cus-
toms, ereatcd by act of CongreSfe July one,
eighteen hundred and seventy, for the port of
Vallejo, in California, is abolished, and in lieu
of such surveyor of customs a deputy collector
of customs is hereby authorized to perform the
same services and receive the same rate of
compensation as is provided in this act for the
deputy collector at the port of Eureka or the
port of Wilmington.
Approveu, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXXI.—An Act to extend the Benefits
of the Donation Law of September twenty-
seven, eighteen hundred and fifty, to certain
Persons.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all persons who, at
the time of settlement, possessed the qualifi-
cations presciibed in the fourth and fitth sec-
tions of '"An act to create the office of sur-
veyor general of the public lands in Oregon,
and to provide for the survey, and to make
donations to settlers of the said public lands,"
approved September twenty-seveu, eighteen
hundred and fifty, and who made bona fide
settlement upon the landsclaimed bythe^Puget
Sound Agricultural Company, in Washington
Territory, within the time limited for settle-
ment by said act and the amendments thereto,
shall be, aud are hereby declared to be, enti-
tled to all the privileges and benefits of said
act and amendments.
Sec. 2. That the rights and privileges of
heirs and assigns under the said donation law,
and the amendments thereto, shall be, and are
hereby, extended to the heirs and assigns of
the settlers named in the first section ot this
act.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXXIT.—An Act to amend an Act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the Statutes
relating to Patents and Copyrights.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 1 hat that part of section
thirty three of an act entitled " An act to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
to patents and copyrights/' approved July
eight, eighteen hundred and seventy, which
requires that, in case of application by assignee
or assignees for reissue of letters-patent, the
application shall be made and the specification
sworn to by the inventor or discoverer, it living,
shall not be construed to apply to patents issued
and assigned prior to July eight, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXXITL— An Act to authorize the
restoration of James Belger to the Ilanlt
of Major and Quartermaster in the Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
reaentalwes of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President be, and
lie is hereby, authorized to restore James Bel-
ger to the rank of major and quartermaster in
the Army, to date from the day of his restora-
tion to his said rank under this act.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXXIV.—An Act to restore Robert
Boyd, junior, to the Active List of the Navy
of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be authorized to nominate, aud,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to appoint Robert Boyd, junior, now on
the retired list, as a commander on the active
list of the Navy.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXXV.—An Act to amend an Act for
the Relief of Jearum Atkins, approved July
fifteen, eighteen hundred and seventy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act entitled ''An
act for the relief of Jearum Atkins," approved
July fifteen, eighteen hundred and seventy, be.
and the same is hereby, amended so as to read
as follows: " That the Commissioner of Pat-
ents be, and he hereby is, authorized to enter-
tain and exercise jurisdiction over a petition
of Jearum Atkins for the extension of letters-
patent granted to him on the twenty-first day of
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for
a further term of seven years from the day on
which such extension may be granted, and to
hear and determine upon the said petition in
the same manner aud with the same effect as
if the* original term of said patent had not
expired, and to grant or refuse such extension
upon the same principles that govern his decis-
ions upon such applications when made in due
course of law: Provided, That before granting
any extension upon such petition, the Commis-
sioner shall be satisfied that the same will inure
to the sole benefit of said Atkins: And provided
further, That no person shall be held liable
for the infringement of said patent, if extended,
for making use of said invention since the expir-
ation of the original term of said patent, and
prior to the date of its extension."
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXXVL—An Act to adjust and fix the
Compensation of the Assistants employed
in the Library of Congress.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the assistants em-
ployed in theotlice of the Librarian of Congress
shall receive the rate of compensation herein-
after provided, commencing with the first day
of July, eighteen hundred and seventy-one:
three assistant librarians, at two thousand five
hundred dollars each; two assistants, at one
thousand eight hundred dollars each ; one as-
sistant, at one thousand six hundred dollars ;
two assistants, at one thousand four hundred
and forty dollars each ; three assistants, at one
thousand two hundred dollars each ; two assist-
ants, at one thousand dollars each ; one assist-
ant, at nine hundred and sixty dollars.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXXVIL—An Act supplementary to
''An Act to authorize the Extension, Con-
struction, and Use of a Lateral Branch of
the Baltimore aud Potomac K. R. Co., in,
to, and within the District of Columoia,
approved February fifth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States oj America m
Congress assembled, That the Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company be, and they are
hereby, authorized to erect over their tracks
on Virginia avenue, between west Sixth street
and west Seventh street, in the city of Wash-
ington, a passenger depot building, covering
the following described area, to wit: com-
mencing at the intersection of the building
line of south side of south C street produced
and the building line of east side of we^t Sev-
enth street produced, thence along last-men-
tioned line southward to a point, thence by
line parallel with and forty feet distant north-
ward from building line of southerly side of
Virginia avenue to a point in building line of
west side of west Sixth street produced, thence
by last-mentioned line northward to a point,
thence by line parallel with and forty feet dis-
tant southward from building line of northerly
side of Virginia avenue to a point, thence
northward by line parallel with and eighty feet
distant eastward from the building line of east
side of west. Seventh street produced to a point
in building line of south side of south C street
produced, thence by last-mentioned line west-
ward to the place of beginning; which shall
he of the same style of architecture as the
depot of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company,
at the city of Lancaster, in the State of Penn-
sylvania: Provided, That the assent of the
municipal authorities of the city of Washing-
ton or of the District of Columbia be first
obtained to the erection of said depot.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXXVIII.—An Act to regulate the
Grade of Maryland Avenue from the end
of the Long Bridge to Twelfth Street.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company are hereby au-
thorized. at the expense of said company, to
change the grade of Maryland avenue, so as
to establish a descending grade of one and
seventy-five one-hundredths feet per one hun-
dred leet from the centre of Twelfth street
south to the centre of Thirteen-and a-half
street south, and a descending grade of one
and thirty-one hundredths feetperone hundred
feet from the centre of Thirteen-and-a half
street south to the top of the abutment of the
Long Bridge over the Potomac river, as newly
constructed: the present grade at the centre
of Twelfth street south to be reduced two feet,
and the level of the top of the new abutment
of the Long Bridge not to be more than nine
feet above the height of the old abutment:
Provided, That if any actual damage shall be
sustained by the owners of any property on
said avenue, or on the streets connecting there-
with, by reason of such change of grade, said
railroad shall pay such damages as shall be
sustained, to be recovered in any court of
competent jurisdiction in the District of Colum-
bia: Provided further, That such change of
grade shall be made under the supervision of
the proper municipal authorities of the city
of Washington or of the District of Columbia,
and in the manner to be approved by said
municipal authority.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXXIX.—An Act to authorize the
establishment of ceitain Free Public High-
ways iu the District of Columbia, aud for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, '1 hat the proper municipal
authorities ot the District of Columbia are
hereby authorized and directed, within sixty
days from and after the passage of this act, to
locate, construct, and maintain a free public
highway on and over that part uf the Columbia
