396
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
4lsx Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
tuhipike road which leads from the boundary
of the city of Washington to the boundary of
the District of Columbia towards the village
of Bladensburg, in the State of Maryland, and
which is now commonly called the Bladensburg
turnpike road, and which is described in the
act of Congress approved April twentieth',
eighteen hundred and ten, incorporating the
president, directors, and company of the Co-
lumbia Turnpike Roads as the line in the most
direct and practicable route from the capital
to Baltimore; and for the purpose aforesaid
the said municipal authorities shall have power
to take any real estate or franchise of the said
president, directors, and company of the Co-
lumbia Turnpike Roads Company necessary for
the construction and maintenance of said free
public highway, and no more.
Seo. 2. That the proper municipal authori-
ties aforesaid shall, within the time aforesaid,
locate, construct, and maintain a free public
highway on and over the turnpike road in the
District of Columbia leading from the bound-
ary of the city of Washington, and beginning
at or neartheend of Seventh streetof said city,
and extending to the boundary of the District
of Columbia towards Brookville, Maryland, au-
thorized by the act of Congress approved Feb-
ruary fifteenth, eighteen hundred and nineteen,
entitled "An act to authorize the president and
managers of the Rockville and Washington
Turnpike Company of the State of Maryland to
extend and make their turnpike road to or from
the boundary of the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, through said District to
the line thereof" ; and for the purpose afore-
said the said proper municipal authorities shall
have power to take any real estate or franchise
belonging to said turnpike company which may
be necessary for the construction and main-
tenance of said free public highway, and no
more.
Sec. 3. That just compensation shall be
made to the aforesaid companies for the real
estate and franchise so taken, and which com-
pensation shall be ascertained ill the following
manner: immediately after the said proper
municipal authorities shall have taken any of
said real estate and franchises, the marshal of
the District of Columbia shall in each case
summon a jury of twelve men, who shall, under
oath, and after due notice given to the compa-
nies interested, and also to the said municipal
authorities, proceed, under the direction of one
of the justices of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict, of Columbia, to assess the damages due to
each of said companies, which said damages
Shall be paid by the said District of Columbia,
wfio are hereby authorized to levy a sufficient
tax for that purpose, in the following propor-
tions: one tenth of said damages by the county
of and nine tenths by the city of Washington.
Sec. 4. That in fixing the measure of dam-
ages, and iu fixing the present value of the
franchise of either of said turnpike companies,
the jury may take into consideration the ques-
tion whether such franchise has been forfeited
by such company.
Approved, March 3,1871.
Chap. CXL.—An Act to enable the Jackson,
Lansing, and Saginaw Railroad Company to
change the northern Terminus of its Road
ii'oin Traverse Bay to the Straits of Macki-
naw, and for other purposes.
Be itenactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Jackson, Lan-
sing, and Saginaw Railroad Company, a cor-
poration organized and existing under the laws
of the State of Michigan, and to which the said
State granted a portion of the land grant made
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Amboy, by Hillsdale and Lansing, to some
point «u «jr near Traverse bay, by an tsnti*
tied "An act making a grant of alternate sec-
tions of the public lands to the State of Mich-
igan to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said State, and for other purposes,"
approved June three, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, be, and hereby is, empowered and
authorized to change the northern terminus of
its railroad from Traverse bay to some point
on or near the straits of Mackinaw, in said
State of Michigan, and to change the location
of the incompleted portion of its railroad, so as
to obtain the most direct and suitable practi-
cable route from Saginaw river to the straits
of Mackinaw: Provided, That such change shall
lessen the length of said line by rendering it
more direct: And provided further, That no
change in the location of said line of railroad
shall have the effect or be construed to work
any change, in the land grant made to aid in the
construction of said road: And provided also,
That such new location shall be made within
the limits of such land grant until the north-
ern limit of said grant is passed.
Seo. 2. That only the lands embraced within
the limits of the said grant as the same was
originally located under said act of Congress
of June three, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
shall pertain to said railroad, or be applicable
to aid in the building of the same, whether it
be constructed on such new or improved loca-
tion, or on the said original location. But all
the lands within the limits of said grant now
remaining unsold, and of the character de-
scribed and embraced in said act of Congress,
whether heretofore listed and certified by the
Commissioner of the Land Office as inuring
under said grant or not, shall belong to and
be applicable to aid in the construction of said
railroad, whether built on said improved or
said original location, and the said company,
on completing its said railroad, or any portion
thereof, within the time and in the manner
required by law, namely, on or before June
third, eighteen hundred and seventy-three, the
time limited in the act of Congress of July
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, on such
new or improved line, shall be entitled to the
same amount of said lands for each mile of
said railroad so constructed as if the same had
been built on the line originally located under
said act: Provided, That said company shall
not be entitled to any of said lands for that
part of its said new or improved line situate
to the northward of the limits of its said land
grant, and between that point and the straits
of Mackinaw; but the right of way for said
railroad over the public lands on its new or
improved location is hereby granted.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXLI.—An Act to provide for a Build-
ing suited to the use of the Post Office,
the Pension and Revenue Officers, and the
Judicial Officers of the United States, in the
City of Trenton, New Jersey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be constructed a suitable
building, fire proof, at Trenton, New Jersey,
for the accommodation of the post office, Uni-
ted States circuit and district courts, pension
and internal revenue offices ; and for this pur-
pose there is hereby appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, one hundred thousand dollars, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, who shall cause proper plans
and estimates to be made, so that no expend-
iture shall be made or authorized for the
full completion of said building beyond the
amount herein appropriated : Provided, That
no money hereby appropriated shall be used
or applied for tile purpose until   v Hd title
to the land for the site of such building shall
be vested in the United States, and until the
State shall also duly release and relinquish to
the United States_ the right to tax or in any
way assess said site, or the property of the
United States that may be thereon, during the
time that the United States shall be or remain
the owner thereof.
Approved, March 3, 1871,
Chap. CXLII.—An Act granting the Right of
Way to the Green Bay and Lake Pepin Rail-
way Company for its Road across the Oneida
Reservation, in the State of Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives^ the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Green Bay and
Lake Pepin Railway Company be, and is
hereby, authorized to build and maintain its
railway across the Oneida reservation, in the
State of Wisconsin, and to take sufficient land,
not more than a strip one hundred feet in width,
for the purposes of said railway, in accordance
with and subject to the conditions of an agree-
ment made by the chiefs and headmen of the
Oneida tribe of Indians, on the twenty-third
day of May, eighteen hundred and seventy,
approved by and on file with the Secretary of
the Interior.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXLIII.—An Act for the recovery, of
Damages for the los3 of the Sloop-of-War
Oneida.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, after consultation with the Attorney
General, to take such measures, and institute
and pursue to final judgment or decree such
proceedings at law, or otherwise, as may be
needful to obtain full damages and indemnifi-
cation for the destruction and loss of the sloop-
of-war Oneida, in the bay of Yeddo, Japan,
in January, eighteen hundred and seventy, and
to employ such legal counsel in the United
States, or abroad, as he may find requisite to
accomplish the purposes of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
CiT4P. CXLIV.—An Act authorizing the St.
Paul and Pacific Railroad Company to change
its Line iu consideration of a Relinquish-
ment of Lands.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Saint Paul and
Pacific Railroad Company may so alter its
branch lines that, instead of constructing a
road from Crow Wing to St. Vincent, and from
St. Clond to the waters of Lake Superior, it
may locate and construct, in lieu thereof, a
line from Crow Wing to Braitierd, to intersect
with the Northern Pacific railroad, and from
St. Cloud to a point of intersection with the
line of the original grant at or near Otter Tail
or Rush lake, so as to form a more direct route
to St. Vincent, with the same proportional
grant of lands to be taken in the same manner
along said altered lines, as is provided for the
present lines by existinglaws: Provided, how-
ever, That this change shall in no manner en-
large said grant, and that this act shall only
take effect upon condition of being in accord y
with the legislation of the State of Minnesota '
and upon the further condition that proper
releases shall be made to the 'United States by
said company, of all lands along said aban-
doned lines from Crow Wing to St. Vincent,
and from St. Cloud to Lake Superior, and
that upeo the execution of said releases such
