mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laics of the United States,
41st Coxg....3d Sess.
lands so released shall be considered as imme-
diately _ restored to market without further
legislation.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—Joint Resolution relative to the Cen-
tre Market iii Washington.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the chairman of the
Committees on Public Buildings and Grounds
of the Senate and House of Representatives,
with the mayor of Washington, be, and hereby
are. constituted commissioners to require
the Washington Market Company, organized
under the fifteenth section of the act of May
twentieth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
promptly to furnish temporary market accom-
modations for the market men who were
driven out by the late fire; and also to erect
at the earliest possible day the first stories or
market portions of the permanent market
buildings provided for in said act; and that
said commissioners be authorized to make
such alterations in the buildings and such
arrangements with said company as shall be
best calculated to secure the speedy erection
of buildings creditable to the city, and suffi-
ciently commodious for all (he wants of the
public: Provided, however, That the passage
of this resolution shall not be construed to
supersede, delay, or in any way affect the
pending investigations into the afTaiis of said
company, nor to relieve the company or any
pen-on from consequences of any acts under
investigation.
Apfroved, December 20, 1870.
No. 2.—Joint Resolution to correct an Error
in the Enrollment of the Law in relation to
Pay of Grand and Petit Jurors.
Be i t. resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assimbled, That the third stction of
the act approved July fifteenth, eighteen hun-
dred unit seventy, " to provide for the com-
pensation oi' grand ami petit j'irors in the
circuit and district cotms of the United States,
and for other purpose?,'' be. and the .same is
hereby, repealed; the said section having been
enrolled by mistake.
Approved, December 22, 1870.
No
-A Resolution granting an American
R-gister to the British-built. Bark Busy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Retire-
sc tatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Tliaf. tlie Secretary of the
Tre.t.-ury lie. ami iiereby is, authorized to issu<-
an Aim-!ic.in register to the British built bark
Busy, v\ recked and found abandoned at sea,
said vessel being owned by citizens of Norfolk,
Virginia.
Approved, December 22. 1S70.
No. 4.—A Resolution to authorize the res-
toration of Benjamin S. Richards to the
Acnve Li.st of the Navy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre
stnUitivex of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President, ot the
United Slates be. and ho is, authorized, by and
with the advLs'e and consent ot ihe Senate, to
appoint Ktis.gn Benjamin S. Richards a mas-
ter on the active, iist of the Navy, to date from
the twenty sixth day of March, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine, with the pay ot that grade
from that, dine.
Approved, January 10, 1871.
No. 5.— Joint Resolution providing for pub-
lishing Specifications and Drawings of Pat-
ent Office.
Beit resolved by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the publication of
the abstracts of specifications and of the en-
gravings heretofore accompanying the annual
report of the Commissioner of Patents be dis-
continued after the publication of that portion
of the repeat for eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, for which the plates have already been
prepared ; and that, in lieu thereof, the Com-
missioner be authorized to have printed, for
gratuitous distribution, not to exceed one
hundred and fifty copies of the complete speci-
fications and drawings of each patent subse-
quently issued, together with suitable indexes
to be issued from time to time, one copy to be
placed for free public inspection in each Capi-
tol of every State and Territory, one for the
like purpose in the clerk's office of the district
court of each judicial district of the United
States, except when such offices are located in
State or territorial capitols, and one in the
Librai'y of Congress, which copies shall be taken
and received m all courts a3 evidence of all
matters therein contained, and shall be certi-
fied to under the hand of the Commissioner and
seal of the Patent Office, and shall be taken
and received in all courts as evidence, said
copies not to be taken from said depositories
for any other purpose than to be used as evi-
dence; and the Commissioner of Patents is
hereby authorized and directed to have printed
such additional numbers of copies of specific-
ations and drawings, certified as hereinbefore
provided, at a price not to exceed the contract
price for such drawings, for sale, as may be
warranted by the actual demand for the same ;
the Commissioner is also hereby authorized to
furnish a complete set of such specifications
and drawings to any public library which will
pay for binding the same into volumes to cor-
respond with those in the Patent Office, and for
the transportation of the same, and which shall
also provide proper custody for the same, with
convenient access for the publicthereto, under
such regulations as the Commissioner shall
deem reasonable: And 'provided, also, That
all contracts for making copies of drawings
shah be made under the provisions of chapter
one hundred and fifty-five, section nine, of act
of Congiess approved June twenty-five, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, which reads as
follows: ''Sec. 9. And be it further enacted,
That all lithographing and engraving, where
the probable total cost of the maps or plates
illustrating or accompanying any one woik
exceeds two hundred and fifty dollars, shall be
awaided to the lowest and best bidder for the
interests of the Government, duo regard being
paid to the execution of the work, alter due
advertisement by the Superintendent of Public
Printing, under thedirection oft, he joint Com-
mittee on Printing: Provided, That the joint
Committee on Public Printing be authorized to
empower the Supenntendentof Public Printing
to make immediate contracts for engraving,
whenever, in their opinion, the exigencies of
the public service will not justify waiting for
advertisement and award."
Approved, January 11, 1871.
g—Joint Reso'ution to enable Robert C.
Schenck, United States Minister to Great
Biitain, t.o employ a private Amanuensis.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives if the United States oj America 'in
Congress assembled, 1 hatihert* be ulloweti ana
pant to Robeit C. Schenck, during the time
that he mav seive as minister of the United
States near the Government of Great Britain,
the additional sum of twenty-five hundred
dollars per annum, to enable hini to employ a
private amanuensis, on account of partial dis-
ability of his right hand from wounds received
in battle.
Approved, January 11, 1871.
No. 7.—A Resolution authorizing the Appoint-
ment of Commissioners in relation to the
Republic of Dominica.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be authorized to appoint three
commissioners, and also a secretary, the lat-
ter to be versed in the English and Spanish
languages, to proceed to the island of San
Domingo, and to such other places, if any, as
such commissioners may deem necessary, and
there to inquire into, ascertain, and report the
political state and condition of the republic
of Dominica, the probable number of inhabit-
ants, and the desire and disposition of the
people of the said republic to become annexed
to and to form part of the people of the Uni-
ted States; the physical, mental, and moral
condition of the said people, and their general
condition as to material wealth and industrial
capacity; the resources of the. country; its
mineral and agricultural products; the pro-
ducts of its waters and forests; the general
character of the soil; the extent and propor-
tion thereof capable of cultivation ; theclimate
and health of the country ; its bays, harbors,
and rivers; its general meteorological char-
acter, and the existence and frequency of
remarkable meteorological phenomena; the
debt of the Government and its obligations,
whether funded, and ascertained, and admitted,
or unadjusted and under discussion; treaties
or engagements with other Powers; extent of
boundaries and territory; what proportion is
covered by foreign claimants or by grants or
concessions, and generally what, concessions
or franchises have been granted, with the names
of the respective grantees; the terms and con-
ditions on which the Dominican Government
may desire to be annexed to and become part
of the United States as one of the Territories
thereof; such other information with respect
to the said Government or its territories as to
the said commissioners shall seem desirable
or important with reference to the future incor-
poration of the said Dominican republic into
the United States as one of its Territories.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
said commissioners shall, as soon as conven-
iently may be, report to the President of the
United States, who shall lay the report before
Congress.
Stc. 3. And be it further resolved, That the
said commissioners shall serve without com-
pensation, except the payment, of expends;
and the compensation of the secretary shall
be determined by the Secretary of State, tviih
the approval of the President: Provided, That
nothing in these resolutions contained shall be
held, understood, or construed as committing
Congress to the policy of annexing the terri-
tory of said republic of Dominica.
Approved, January 12, 1871.
No. 8 —Joint Resolution granting condemned
Ordnance to the Seventh Regiment Mouu-
ment Association of Ohio.
Beit resolved by the Senate and lion ss of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War is hereby authorized to deliver to the
Seventh Regiment Monument Association of
Ohio four pieces of condemned iron cannon,
to be used in ornamenting the grounds aiound
a monument now being elected at Cleveland,
Ohio, in memory of the officers and soldiers
