398
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[February 9,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
of the seventh regiment of Ohio volunteer
infantry, who lost their lives in the late war.
Approved, January 18, 1871.
No. 9.—Joint Resolution for the restoration
of Captain Dominick Lynch, of the United
States Navy, to the Active List from the
Reserved List.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House ofRep-
resentatives of the United States of A merica in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States of America be authorized to
nominate, and by and with the advice and
eonsent of the Senate to appoint, Captain
Dominick Lynch to the active list of the Navy,
as a captain.
Approved, January 20, 1871.
No. 14.*-A Resolution providing for the
Repair of the Inclosure of the Cemetery at
Harper's Ferry, West Virginia.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, out ot the proceeds
of the sale recently made by the Secretary of
War of the public property at Harper's Ferry,
West Virginia, the sum of fifteen hundred
dollars, or so much thereof as shall be neces;
sary, is hereby appropriated to repair the
inclosure of the cemetery at said Harper's
Ferry, to be expended for that purpose under
the direction of the Secretary of War.
Approved, January 25, 1871.
No. 15.—A Resolution for the Benefit of the
Industrial Home for Destitute Children in
the District of Columbia.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Quartermaster
General be, and is hereby, authorized to de-
liver to the managers of the Industrial Home
for Destitute Children of the District of Co-
lumbia, twenty-five iron bedsteads, and not to
exceed twelve wooden bcnches, now in store
at Judiciary square, for the benefit of the
inmates of said home.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of the Navy be, and is hereby, au-
thorized to deliver to said managers, to be
used for the engine in the manufacturing shop
at said home, a steam boiler now at the navy-
yard, not used, being the same boiler which
the late Admiral Dahlgren recommended to be
given to said managers for the benefit of said
home.
Approved, January 25, 1871,
dise which arrived at a port of the United
States on or before the thirty-first day of De-
cember, eighteen hundred and seventy, and
not entered or transferred to a public store or
bonded warehouse, shall be entitled to the
benefits of the twenty-sixth section of an act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July fourteen,
eighteen hundred and seventy, the same as
such merchandise would have been entitled to
had it actually been in public steps or bonded
warehouse on or prior to the thirty-first day
of December, eighteen hundred and seventy :
Provided, That the owner of such merchandise
shall, within thirty days from the passage of
this resolution, make application therefor in
writing to the collector of the port at which
such merchandise arrived.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
said act is hereby further amended by insert-
ing the word "herein," in the twenty-first sec-
tion thereof, between the words "otherwise"
and "provided," wherever the said words
occur together in the said section, and this
amendment shall take effect from and after
January first, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one.
Approved, January 30, 1871.
No. 19.—A Resolution granting the Right of
Way to the Pensacola and Barrancas Rail-
road Company through the Naval and Mili-
tary Reservations near Pensacola, Florida.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the right of way is
hereby granted to the Pensacola and Barran-
cas Railroad Company to construct their road
upon and through the naval and military res-
ervations near Pensacola, Florida, under such
regulations, restrictions, and conditions as the
Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of
War may prescribe.
Approved, January 30, 1871.
No. 17.—Joint Resolution extending the use
of the Library of Congress to the Commis-
sioners appointed to revise and consolidate
the Laws of the United States.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the joint Committee
on the Library are hereby authorized to grant
the use of the books in the Library ot Congress
to the three commissioners appointed for the
revision and consolidation of the statutes of
the United States, on the same terms, condi-
tions, and restrictions as regulate the use of
the Librarv by Senators and Representatives
Approved, January 26, 1871.
No. 18.—Joint Resolution declaratory of the
meaning of the Act entitled "An Act to
reduce Internal Taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July fourteen, eighteen
hundred and seventy.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of ..America in
Congress assembled, That all foreign merchan-
No. 20.—A Resolution for the Appointment
of General William T. Sherman a Regent
of the Smithsonian Institution.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That General William T.
Sherman be, and he is hereby, appointed a
member of the Board of Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution, in the place of Richard
Delafield, resigned.
Approved, February 2, 1871.
No. 22.—Joint Resolution for the Protection
and Preservation of the Food Fishes of the
Coast of the United States.
Whereas it is asserted that the most valua-
ble food fishes of the coast and the lakes of
the United States are rapidly diminishing in
number, to the public injury, and so as mate-
rially to affect the interests of trade and com-
merce: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States 'of America in
Congress assembled, That the President be,
and he hereby is, authorized and required to
appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, from among the civil officers or
employees of the Government, one person of
proved scientific and practical acquaintance
with the fishes of the coast, to be commis-
sioner of fish and fisheries, to serve without
additional salary.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That it
shall be the duty of said commissioner to pros-
ecute investigations and inquiries on the sub-
ject, with the view of ascertaining whether
any and what diminution in the number of the
food fishes of the coast and the lakes of the
United States has taken place; and, if so,tto
what causes the same is due ; and also whether
any and what protective, prohibitory, or pre-
cautionary measures should be adopted in the
premises; and to report upon the same to
Congress.
Sec. 8. And be it farther resolved, That the
heads of the Executive Departments be, and
they are hereby, directed to cause to be ren-
dered all necessary and practicable aid to the
said commissioner in the prosecution of the
investigations and inquiries aforesaid.
Sec. 4. And be it further resolved, That it
shall be lawful for said commissioner to take,
or cause to be taken, at all times, in the waters
of the sea-coast, of the United States, where
the tide ebbs and flows, and also in the waters
of the lakes, such fish or specimens thereof as
may in his judgment, from time to time, be
needful or proper for the conduct of his duties
as aforesaid, any law, custom, or usage of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding.
Approved, February 9, 1871.
No. 21.—A Resolution directing the Secretary
of War to sell Bergen Heights Arsenal.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to sell at publie auction, to the highest bidder,
the lands and tenements belonging to the Uni-
ted States, situate in the county of Hudson
and State of New Jersey, and known as the
Bergen Heights arsenal. The sale shall be
made on the ground after thirty days' notice
in the Newark Daily Advertiser and Newark
Evening Courier, papers published in the city
of Newark; in the Daily Times and Evening
Journal, papers published in Jersey City, New
Jersey; and in the New York Times and^ New
York Tribune, papers published in the city of
New York; and'the "proceeds arising from
said sale shall be paid into the Treasury of
the United States; and the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized upon the said sale to
make a good and sufficient conveyance of the
said property to the purchaser or purchasers
thereof.
Approved, February 3, 1871.
No. 23.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sale
of a portion of the Fort Leavenworth Mili-
tary Reservation to the Kansas Agricultural
and Mechanical Association, of Leaven-
worth County, in the State of Kansas, for
Fair Grounds.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Kansas Agricul-
tural and Mechanical Association, a corporate
body organized under and by virtue of the
laws of the State of Kansas, is hereby author-
ized to purchase from the United States, lor
the sole purpose and use of such association
as a fair ground, and for experimental agri-
culture and horticulture, that portion of the
Fort Leavenworth military reservation bounded
and described as follows, viz. : commencing
at the southeast corner of the premises herein
described, at a point one hundred feet north
and in continuation of the west line of Six-
teenth street, as laid down and recorded in
the map of the city of Leavenworth, and one
hundred feet north of the south line ot said
reservation ; thence running westerly and par-
allel to said south boundary two thousand five
hundred and eighty feet to the east line of
Nineteenth street; thence northerly and in
continuation of the east side of said Nine-
teenth street two thousand one hundred and
seventy-five feet; thence easterly and parallel
to the south line of said reservation two thou-
sand five hundred and eighty feet; thence
southerly and parallel to the west litie of the
