1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
premises herein described two thousand one
hundred and seventy five feet, to the place of
beginning, containing one hundred and twenty-
eight and eighty-two one-hundredths acres of
land, more or less; reserving to the Govern-
ment or assigns the right to the coal, or roy-
alty for coal, underlying the same.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That
the Secretary ef War is hereby directed to
appoint a commission of competent Army offi-
cers, of such number as he may deem best,
which said commission shall, without unneces-
sary delay, examine and report the true value
of the land hereinbefore described to the Sec-
retary of War. On receipt of this report, the
Secretary of War will forward certified copies
of the same to the Secretary of the Interior
and to the Kansas Agricultural Association.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That
whenever the association thus notified shall
place to the credit of the United States with
the Treasurer of the United States, in lawful
money, the amount of said appraisal, and noti-
fied the Secretary of the Interior of such deposit,
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to cause to be issued to the said Kan-
sas Agricultural and Mechanical Association a
patent for the said land above described: Pro-
vided, That the association shall make the said
deposit witkiu one year from the date of the
notice of appraisal from the Secretary of War.
Approved, February 9, 1871.
No. 24.—Joint Resolution relative to School
Lands in the State of Oregon.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Congress hereby
assents to the application of the live hundred
thousand acres of land granted to the State of
Oregon by the act of Congress approved Sep-
tember four, eighteen hundred and forty-one,
to the supportof common schools, as provided
in section two, article eight, of the constitution
of said State: Provided, That nothing herein
shall influence the construction or effect of the
act admitting said State into the Union as to
said application.
Approved, February 9, 1871.
No. 25.—Joint Resolution authorizing an
American Register to the British Ship
"Robert L. Lane."
Beit resolved bythe SenateandHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to issue an American register to the
British ship "Robert L. Lane," owned by
William C. N. Swift, of New Bedford, Massa-
chusetts.
Approved, February 9, 1871.
No. 27.—Joint Resolution to exempt certain
Boats from the Payment of Marine Hospital
Dues, and for other purposes.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of an
act entitled "An act to reorganize the marine
hospital service, and to provide for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen," approved June
twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and seventy,
and also-the provisions of the first section of a
certain other act entitled "An act to regulate
the foreign and coasting trade on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of
the United States, and for other purposes,"
approved July one, eighteen hundred and
seventy, shalfnot apply to nor be construed
to include canal-boats employed in navigating
the canals within the United States, notwith-
standing such canal-boats may be enrolled or
licensed fox the coasting trade; and no person
eriijijfjycd in of eoimecte"dwiUi the navigation,
management, or use of canal-boats in the coast-
ing trade shall by reason thereof be entitled to
any benefit or relief from the marine hospital
fund.
Sec. 2. And beit further resolved, That the
seventh section of the last above-mentioned
act be, and the same is hereby, amended so
as to extend to all vessels navigating the waters
of said frontiers otherwise than by the sea, the
fees for the entrance and clearance of which
shall be as follows: for the entry of a vessel
direct from a foreign port, fifty cents; for the
clearance of a vessel to a foreign port, fifty
cents: Provided, That ferry-boats running on
routes, duly bonded, and used exclusively for
carrying sealed cars, under the provision of
sections five and six of the act of July twenty-
eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and the
regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and ferry-boats carrying passengers and their
personal baggage only, shall not be required
to enter or clear, or to pay entrance or clear-
ance fees; but such baggage shall, however, be
subject to the provisions of section forty-six
of the act of March two, seventeen hundred and
ninety-nine, and acts supplementary thereto :
Andprovidedfurther, That enrolled or licensed
vessels departing from or arriving at a port in
one collection district to or from a port in
another collection district, and also touching
at intermediate foreign ports, shall not thereby
become liable to the payment of entry and
clearance fees, or tonnage tax, as if from or
to foreign ports; but such vessels shall, not-
withstanding, be required to enter and clear.
Approved, February 10, 1871.
No. 28,—A Resolution authorizing the use of
a Naval Vessel to transport Breadstuffs to
Europe.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and is hereby, authorized to
cause to be stationed at the port of New York,
and the ports of Boston and Philadelphia, if
the same can be done without injury to the
public service, one or more of our naval ves-
sels, to be there held in readiness to receive
on board for transportation such supplies as
may be furnished by the people of the United
States for the destitute and suffering people
of France and Germany.
Approved, February 10, 1871.
No. 29.—A Resolution appropriating Money
to defray the Expenses of the Select Com-
mittee of the Senate appointed to Investi-
gate alleged Outrages in the Southern States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be appropri-
ated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of twenty
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary to' defray the expenses of the
select committee of the Senate appointed to
investigate alleged outrages in the southern
States : the same to be expended by order of
the committee upon vouchers of its chairman.
Approved, February 10, 1871.
No. 30.—A Resolution authorizing the sale
of the Chattanooga Rolling-Mill Property at
Chattanooga, Tennessee, to the Southwest-
ern Iron Company.
Whereas the United States, on the fifth day
of October, eighteen hundred and sixty five,
did, in consideration of the sum of one hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand dollars, lease
to John A. Spooner, of Plymouth, Massachu-
setts, his legal representatives and assigns, all
the property known as the United States mili-
tary rolling-mill, in Chattanooga, State of
Tennessee, and all the buildings, tools, ma-
chinery, fixtures, furniture, equipments, and
appurtenances connected therewith, together
with a railroad track connecting said mill with
the Nashville and Chattanooga railroad, for
two years from the date of said lease, with the
further agreement contained in said lease, that
the United States would, upon the request of
said John A. Spooner, his legal representa-
tives or assigns, sell, transfer, and convey said
mill, buildings, machinery, and other property
thereby leased, by good and sufficient deed
and absolute title, to the said John A. Spooner,
his legal representatives and assigns, to his or
their own use; and whereas the said John A.
Spooner his [has] assigned his interest in said
lease to the Southwestern Iron Company, and
the said Southwestern Iron Company have
requested the United States to convey the said
mill, buildings, machinery, and so "forth, to
the said Southwestern Iron Company: There-
fore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized, in considera-
tion of the amount already paid, to make, exe-
cute, and deliver all needful instruments, con-
veying and transferring all the right, title, and
interest of the United States in and to the
Chattanooga rolling-mill, the buildings, tools,
machinery, fixtures, furniture, equipments, and
appurtenances connected therewith, together
with the railroad track connecting said mill
with the Nashville and Chattanooga railroad
to the Southwestern Iron Company.
Approved, February 14,1871.
No. 31.—Joint Resolution in favor of Joshua
Bishop, late Lieutenant Commander United
States Navy.
Beit resolved by the Senateand House nf Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
to nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to reappoint Joshua
Bishop as a lieutenant commander in the
United States Navy.
Approved, February 14, 1871.
No. 33.—A Resolution for the Relief of
Lieutenant Commander John N. Quack-
enbush.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be authorized to nominate, and
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate to appoint, Lieutenant Commander John
N. Qnackenbush to the active list of the Navy,
with the rank to which he may be entitled
thereon.
Approved, February 16, 1871.
No. 34.—A Resolution to authorize the Presi-
dent to permit William L. Hanscom, late a
Naval Constructor of the Navy of the United
States, to withdraw his Resignation of that
office.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled., That the President, if he
shall deem it expedient, be, and hereby is,
authorized to permit William L. Hanscom, late
naval constructor of the Navy of the United
States, to withdraw his resignation of that
office, which was accepted by the Department
of the Navy, January fifth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six. and to reinstate the said Hans-
com in the office of naval constructor: Pro-
vided, however, That no pav, emoluments, or
compensation in any form, shall be allowed or
£>iiid tintler authority of this resolution, except
