#0
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 3,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
such as may become due tinder the laws for
services which maybe rendered from and after
the time when the said Hanscom shall have
been reinstated by order of the President.'
'Approved, February 16, 1871.
No. 36.—Joint Resolution to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to dispose of cer-
tain Documents.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever there shall
be in the custody of the Department of the
Interior any sets of the documents of any ses-
sion of Congress, or other documents or odd
volumes, not necessary to supply deficiencies
or losses that may happen in the Library of
Congress, in that of either of the Executive
Departments of the national Government, in
State libraries, or in territorial libraries, the
Secretary of the Interior shall distribute such
documents and volumes as nearly equally as
practicable to the several Senators, Repre-
sentatives, and Delegates in Congress, for dis-
tribution to public libraries and other literary
institutions in their respective districts, and
such documents and volumes now on hand
shall be so distributed for said purposes to the
Senators, Representatives, and Delegates of
the Forty First Congress.
Approvkd, February 17, 1871.
No. 89.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Farmers' National Bank of Fort Edward,
New York, to change its Location and
Name.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of ilie United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever the stock-
holders representing three fourths of the cap-
ital stock of the Farmers' National Bank of
Fort Edward, New York, shall elect to remove
the said bank to the village of North Granville,
in the county of Washington, in said State,
and the president and cashier shall execute a
certificate under the corporate seal of the bank
specifying such determination, and shall cause
the same to be recorded in the office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, thereupon such
change of location shall become effectual and
valid.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That,
when such change shall have beeu made as
above provided, the name of said bank shall
be changed to the North Granville National
Bank, .New York, and all debts, demands, lia-
bilities, rights, and powers belonging to the
said Farmers' National Bank of Fori Edward
shall devolve upon and inure to the Noith Gran-
ville National Bank ; and all actionspendpend-
ing by or against said Farmers' National Bank
may be prosecuted by or against said North
Granville National Bank, in the same manner
and with the same effect as if such change of
local ion and name had not been made.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That as
soon as such change of name and location
shall have been made, pubiie notice thereof
shall be given by publication in a weekly news-
paper in the county of Washington, in said
State of New Yoik, for four successive weeks.
Approved, February 18, 1871.
No. 40.—A Resolution authorizing Water
Gauges to be established and Observations to
be made upon the Mississippi River and its
principal Tributaries, with a view to obtain-
ing Information lequiredfor the Protection
of the alluvial Lauds against overflow, and
for the improvement of Navigation.
jResolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in,
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of War
be, ami he is hereby, authorized and directed
to have water gauges established and daily
observations made of the rise and fall of the
lower Mississippi river and its chief tributa-
ries, at or in the vicinity of Saint Louis, Cairo,
Memphis, Helena, Napoleon, Providence,
Vicksburg, Red River Landing, Baton Rouge,
and Carrollton, on the Mississippi, between
the mouth of the Missouri and the Gulf of
Mexico, and at or in the vicinity of Fort Leav-
enworth, on the Missouri; Rdck Island, on
the upper Mississippi; Louisville, on the Ohio ;
Florence, on the Tennessee; Jacksonport, on
the White river; Little Rock, on the Arkan-
sas; and Alexandria, on the Red river; and
such other places as the Secretary of War may
deem advisable; the expenditure for the same
to be made from the appropriation for the
improvement of rivers and harbors: Provided,
That the annual cost of the observations shall
not exceed the sum of five thousand dollars
per annum.
Approved, February 21, 1871.
No. 42.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
John B. Hagerty, of St. Louis, Missouri.
Be it enacted [resolved] by the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States
of America in Congress assembled, That the
Postmaster General be, and is hereby, direct-
ed to readvertise for the transportation of all
mails in the city of St. Louis, now under con-
tract with John E. Hagerty, and release him
from his bond: Provided, That new service
under said advertisement can be secured at a
reasonable rate.
Approved, February 24, 1871.
No. 45.—Joint Resolution to extend the Ben-
efit of the Act establishing the National
Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers
to the Disabled Soldiers and Sailors of the
War of eighteen hundred and twelve, and
the Mexican War.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the board of man-
agers of the National Asylum for Disabled
Voiunteer Soldiers be, and they are hereby,
authorized and directed to extend the benefits
and provisions of the act approved March
twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
establishing the said National Asylum, to the
disabled volunteer soldiers and sailors of the
war of eighteen hundred and twelve and of
the Mexican war.
Approved, February 28, 1871.
No. 47.—Joint Resolution extending the Time
for the completion of the Portage Lake and
Lake Superior Ship-Canal.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time lor the
completion of the Portage Lake and Lake
Superior ship-canal be, and the same is
hereby, extended to the thiid day of March,
A. D. eighteen hundred and seveuty-two.
Approved, March 2. 1871. '
No. 48.—Joint Resolution granting'the Chi-
cago and Illinois Southern Railroad Com-
pany the Right to build a Bridge across the
ft abash River, and declaring the same a
Post Road.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Chicago and
Illinois Southern Railroad Company, a con-
solidated corporation, formed by the consol-
idation of the Mount Vernon and Grayville
Railroad Company, a corporation organized
under the general law of the Slate of Indiana,
and the Grayville and Mattoon Railroad Com-
pany, a corporation organized under an act
of the Legislature of the State of Illinois, is
hereby granted the right to construct and
maintain an iron or wooden bridge for railroad
purposes and as a public highway, either with
a draw or a continuous span, as it may determ-
ine, across the Wabash river, at any point said
corporation may select, either at or opposite
the town of Grayville, in Edwards and White
counties, in the State of Illinois, or Webb's
ferry, in or opposite White county, in the State
of Illinois, and Posey county, in the State of
Indiana, (^r at any point on said river in the
neighborhood of said town of Grayville or
Webb's ferry, within five miles of either place:
Provided, That the bridge to be constructed
under the authority hereby granted shall not
interfere with the free navigation of said river
beyond what is necessary in order to carry
into full effect the rights and privileges hereby
granted, and shall be built at right angles with
the current of the stream where said bridge
may be erected; and that a space of at least
one hundred and seventy feet over the main
channel of said stream shall be left between
the piers of said structure: And provided
further, That if said bridge shall be built with
a draw, of not less than one hundred feet in
width, and said draw is kept in repair for the
passage of boats at all times, the detention
of passing said bridge shall not be construed
as interfering with the navigation of said river:
And it is further provided, That said bridge
shall be considered as a lawful structure, and
a post road for the transmission of the United
States mails, and is hereby declared as such:
And provided further, That in case said bridge
shall be built with a continuous span, the piers
shall be at least two hundred feet apart, and
the bridge shall be built at such height as not
to interfere with the navigation of said river
by steamboats : And provided further, That
all railway companies desiring to use said
bridge shall have and be entitled to equal
rights and privileges in the passage of the
same, and in the use of the machinery and
fixtures thereof, and of all the approaches
thereto, under and upon such terms and con-
ditions as shall be prescribed by the district
court of the United States for the southern
district of Illinois, upon hearing the allega-
tions and proofs of the parties, in case they
shall not agree.
Sec. 2. That the structure herein authorized
shall be built under and subject to such regu-
lations for the security of navigation of said
river as the Secx'etary of War shall prescribe,
and the said structure shall be at all times so
kept and managed as to offer reasonable and
proper meansforthepassageof vessels through
or under said structure; and the said struc-
ture shall be changed at the cost and expense
of the owners thereof, from lime to time as
Congress [may] direct, so as to preserve the
free and convenient navigation of said river.
And the authority to erect and continue said
bridge shall be subject to revocation by law
whenever the public good shall in the judg-
ment of Congress so reuuiie.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
No. 49.—Joint Resolution to enable Owners
to obtain Duplicates of lost and destroyed
Registered Bonds of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amei ica in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot the
Treasury be, and hereby is, authorized and
directed, whenever it is proved by clear and
satisfactory evidence that any duly registered
bond of the United States, bearing interest,
issued for valuable consideration in pursuance
of law, has been lost or destroyed, so that the
same is not held by any person as his own
property, to issue a duplicate of said registered
bond, to be so marked, of like amount,, and
bearing like interest as the bond so proved to
be lost or destroyed: Provided, That the
owner of such missing bond shaiL file in the
