1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Treasury a bond in a penal sum equal to the
amount of said missing bond, and the interest
which would accrue thereon, until the princi-
pal thereof is due and payable, with two good
and sufficient sureties, residents of the United
States, to the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, with condition to indemnify and save
harmless the United States from any claim
because of the said lost or destroyed bond.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
No. 50.—A Resolution to amend a "Joint
Resolution relating to Steamboats and other
Vessels owned in the loyal States," approved
December twenty-three, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That "joint resolution
relating to steamboats and other vesselsowned
in the loyal States," approved December
twenty-three, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
be, and the same hereby is, amended by add-
ing at the end thereof the following: "or in
conformity with the laws of the United States.''
Approved, March 3, 1871.
No. 51.—A Resolution authorizing the_ Presi-
dent to nominate, and, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to ap-
point Lyman G. Spaulding a Master in the
Navy of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
to nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint Lyman G.
Spaulding, who resigned as midshipman in
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, master
in the Navy of the United States: Provided,
That it appear upon examination that he has
been relieved from the physical defect which
led to his resignation, and is otherwise phys-
ically competent for service.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
No. 52.—AResolution for the Relief of Settlers
on the Public Lands.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That settlers on the public
lands of the United States who have been re-
quired to make proof aud payment for their
lands under the act to extend the provisions
of the pre-emption laws to the Territory of
Colorado, and for other purposes, approved
July fourteen, eighteen hundred and seventy,
and by instructions from the General Land
Office, under date July thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, shall have twelve months'
additional time given them under which to
make such proof and payment.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
No. 53.—Joint Resolution to amend Section
Four, Act of July twenty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That section four of the
act of July twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, in relation to fermented liquors, be so
amended as not to apply to the making of
fermented liquids used for the manufacture of
vinegar exclusively; but nothing in this reso-
lution shall be construed to authorize the dis-
tillation of such fermented liquids, except in
an authorized distillery.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
No. 54.—A Resolution authorizing the Nom-
ination and Appointment to the Retired List
of the Navy of certain Volunteer Officers on
the Active List of the Navy, who are dis-
abled in consequence of Wounds received
during the late War.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
to nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint, upon the
retired list of the Navy, with the rank of
lieutenant, Henry C. Keene. now a volunteer
lieutenant on the active list of the Navy ; and
to so nominate aud appoint upon the retired
list of the Navy, with the rank of master,
Edward E. Bradbury, now a mate on the
active list of the Navy.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
No. 55.—A Resolution relating to Balances of
Appropriations for the Library of Congress
and Botanic Garden.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thatall balances of appro-
priations under the control of the joint Com-
mittee on the Library, and unexpended at the
expiration of the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy, may be ex-
pended under direction of said committee, and
not carried to the surplus fund, as provided by
sections five and six of the act making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, approved July twelve,
eighteen hundred and seventy.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 26.
