PRIVATE ACTS OF THE FORTY-FIRST CONGRESS
OF THE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Third Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 5th day of Decembers, A. D. 1870, and was adjourned without day on Saturday, the Ath day of
March, A. D. 1871.
Ulysses S. Grant, President. Schuyler Colfax, Vice President and President of the Senate. James G-. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Chap. IV.—An Act for the Relief of Alfred
E. Brooks, Postmaster at Ilion, New York.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed in adjusting the accounts of Alfred
E. Brooks, as postmaster at Ilion, in the county
of Herkimer, and State of New York, to give
him credit for the sum of eleven hundred and
seventy-six dollars and seventeen cents, the
amount of postage stamps deposited with him
for sale by the United States, and money
received by him on sale of postage stamps
belonging to the United States, of which he
was robbed on the tenth day of October,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, while acting
in the aforesaid capacity : Provided, That the
said Secretary shall be satisfied upon due
investigation that said Brooks was robbed as
aforesaid without fault or negligence on his
part.
Approved, December 20, 1870.
Chap. V.—An Act for the Belief of Lawrence
L. Merry, Collector of Internal Revenue for
the Twentieth District of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized, m
adjusting the accounts of Lawrence L. Merry,
collector of internal revenue for the twentieth
district of New York, to credit him with the
sum of three thousand six hundred and ninety-
six dollars and seventy-three cents, the amount
of revenue stamps stolen from the American
Express Company's safe and from the post
office at Ilion, Herkimer county, New York,
on the night of the ninth of October, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, and for which amount
said collector is responsible to the Ireasury
of the United States: Provided, That it shall
then still appear that the theft of said stamps
was without the collusion, privity, or tault or
the said collector.
Approved, December 20, 1870.
Chap. IX.—An Act for the Relief of the Sure-
ties of the late Captain A. R. Hetzell.
Whereas it appears that the accounts of the
late Captain A. R. Hetzell, assistant quarter-
master of the United States Army, who died
during the Mexican war, were settled at the
Treasury on the fifteenth day of February?
403
eighteen hundred and fifty, and a balance
found due was paid to his representatives, but
that by a subsequent settlement, made on the
fourteenth of August, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, a balance was ascertained against
the officer, to recover which suit has been
brought and is now pending against his sur-
viving sureties: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said claim, only
as against the said sureties and their heirs and
personal representatives, is remitted and for-
ever discharged; and the suit pending against
them, whether before or after judgment, shall
be no further prosecuted, but shall be dis-
missed, and full satisfaction, as against the
said sureties, entered of record.
Approved, December 22, 1870.
Chap. X.—An Act to remove the Legal and
Political Disabilities imposed by the Four-
teenth Article of Amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States from William
M. McGruder, of Henrico County, Virginia.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of both Houses
concurring,) That all legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, be, and the same are hereby, removed
from William M. McGruder, of Henrico county,
State of Virginia.
Approved, December 22, 1870.
Chap. XI.—An Act for the Relief of Henry
Newell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized to issue to
Henry Newell, of Baton Rouge, Louisiana,
three ten-forty coupon bonds for five hundred
dollars each, with coupons, from and includ-
ing a coupon for March one, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, in lieu ofhis ten-forty coupon
bonds for five hundred dollars each, issued by
virtue of an act of Congress, approved March
three, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and
numbered respectively thirty-four thousand
and nine hundred and fifty-four, thirty-seven
thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and
thirty- seven thousand seven hundred and ejghty-
six, the same having been lost and destroyed
at sea in the month of October, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six: Provided, That the said
Newell shall give good and ample security to
the United States against the appearance and
presentation of said original bonds.
Approved, December 22, 1870.
Chap. XII.—An Act for the Removal of the
Legal and Political Disabilities from VVil liaui
Cardwell and Richard I. Gaulding, of Char-
lotte County, Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds ot both Houses
concurring,) That all legal and political dis-
abilities imposed upon VVilliain Cardwell and
Richard I. Gaulding, both of Charlotte county,
in the State of Virginia, by the fourteenth arti-
cle of amendments to the Constitution, be, and
the same are hereby, removed.
Approved, December 22, 1870.
Chap. XIII.—An Act for the Relief of Richard
P. Spencer.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he hereby is, directed to
cause to be issued to Richard P. Spencer, of
Deep River, Connecticut, a proper certificate
of the registered stock of the United States
of the ten-forty loan under the act of March
three, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to the
amount of ten thousand dollars, in lieu and
stead of certificate of said loan numbered
eleven thousand six hundred and fifty-eight,
for ten thousand dollars, belonging to him and
lost while passing through the mails: Provided,
That said Spencer shall give bond with surety
to the satisfaction of the Secretary ot the
Treasury, conditioned to indemnify the United
States against all claim upon or in respect to
said first-mentioned certificate.
Approved, December 22, 1870.
Chap. XIV.—An Act for the Relief of Nich-
olas M. Page, executor of Samuel Miller,
of Campbell County, Virginia.
Beit enacted by the Senate and llouseqfhep-
reseni'aiives of the United States of America 'in
Congress assembled, That the sum ot forty-one
thousand three hundred and nine dollars and
forty cents be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
i otherwise appropriated, in satisfaction ot the
