1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong. ... 3d Sess.
found to be overpaid by and due to him in the
adjustment of bis accounts as such receiver
by the accounting officers of the Treasury.
Appjroved, January 23, 1871.
Chap. XXVII.—An Act for the Relief of
Henry H. Hoyt, late of the Fifth Regiment
Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry.
Beit enacted bytJieSenate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, instructed to allow and pay out of any
money appropriated, or hereafter to be appro-
priated, for the payment of bounties, to Henry
H. Hoyt, late a soldier of company H, fifth
regiment Wisconsin volunteers, the same
bounty to which, he would be entitled had he
not been discharged by way of favor, but by
reason of expiration of his term of enlistment.
Approved, January 2i, 1871.
Chap. XXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of
Noah Fisher.
Be it enacted by theSenate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to Noah Fisher, of the State of Indiana, the
sum of four hundred and twenty dollars, out
of any-money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropiiated, for males, harness, and wagons
delivered by him to the quartermaster's de-
partment of the United States Army at Nor-
folk, in the State of Virginia, February twenty-
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and
receipted for al the time of delivery.
Approved, February 3, 1871.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act for the Relief of
Shadrick Saunders, Daniel Moore, Alexan-
der Forbes, and other Citizens of Peters-
burg, Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
pay, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of sixteen
dollars and eighty cents to each of the follow-
ing-named persons, to wit: Shadrick Saun-
ders, Daniel Moore, Alexander Forbes, York
Witigfield, Plutnmer JVIaclin, John Garland,
Junius Lewis, William Green, Booker Whit-
low, Simon Cary, Richard Robinson, Ephraim
Fisher, Robert Johnson, Oqua Mae Baily,
Eduiond Randolph, NelsonCox, AbramBank,
Jim Broadnox, Thomas Edward Lanier, Al-
bert Love, Llichard A.. Kinson; James Ruffin,
Benjamin Brings, Asa Brander, Edwin Jones,
Isaac Hill, Peter Mitchell,_ Licy Chapman,
David Goodwvn, Jacob Shields, George W.
Baily, James Newsome, Robert ITeath, Berry
Holmes, Manson Grammer, James H. John-
son, William Grammer, Junius Lewis, Collin
Jones, Daniel Thomas, Robert Smith, Wil-
liam Bishop, Benjamin Wilson, Robert John-
son, Richard Lewis, John Davis, James Tull,
Thomas Woody, Henry Boiling, Reuben May-
nor, William JIaynor, William Ohambliss, and
Thomas Merideth; the said sums to be in full
for services rendered by the above-named par-
ties in the commissary department of the Army,
at Petersburg, Virginia, from the seventh to
the twenty-seventh day of April, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five.
J. Gr. BLAINE,
Sneaker of the House of Representatives.
SCIIUYLKR COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States and
president of the Senate.
ReceivedbytiiePresidenl, January24, 1871.
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his ap-
proval, and not having been returned by him
to the House of Congress in which it origin-
ated within the time prescribed by the Consti-
tution of the United States, has become a law
without his approval.] •
Chap. XLI.—An Act for the Relief of H. Law-
rence Scott, late Agent for the sale of Inter-
nal Revenue Stamps in the Thirteenth District
of Pennsylvania.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Am erica in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and hereby are,
required to pay to H. Lawrence Scott, late
agent for the 'sale of internal revenue stamps
in the thirteenth congressional district of
Pennsylvania, the sum of one thousand two
hundred and twenty-nine dollars and eighty-
one cents, for that amount of stamps stolen
from him-, and since accounted for with the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Approved, February 9, 1871.
p.HAP. XLII.—An Act for the Relief of Janes,
Fowler, Kirtland, and Company.
Beit enactedby the Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Janes, Fowler, Kirtland, and
Company, of New York, contractors for build-
ing the Dome of the Capitol at Washington,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of sixty thousand
dollars in full satisfaction of all claim for
losses or damages arising from the action of
the Government in stopping, ordering, and
directing the construction of said work.
Approved, February 9, 1871.
Chap. XLIII.—An Act for the Relief of John
Wilson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be paid
to John Wilson, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of three thousand dollars, for his services in
superintending and directing the preparation
of maps of the land States, for the use of the
Committee on the Public Lands of the House
of Representatives, under a resolution of May
fourth, eighteen hundred and forty-eight.
Approved, February U, 1871.
Chap. XLIV.—An Act for the Relief of Hiram
A. Cutting.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales oj America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is her[e]by directed to pay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of fitty dollars to Hiram
A. Cutting, of Lutienburgh, Essex county,
Vermont, the same being for that amount of
revenue stamps destroyed by fire.
Approved. February 9, 1871.
Chap. XL VII.—An Act for the Relief of John
Kelly, o('Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for the
reissue of certain Bonds, &c.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue a new bond for one hundred dollars, with
coupons from and iueludingTlnil of May first,
eighteen hundredaudsixty-five, toJuhn Kelly,
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in place of his
coupon bond for a like amount, number fifteen
thousand nine hundred and forty-four, act of
February twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, fourth series. Also, to issue to said
John Kelly a new bond for fifty dollars with
coupons from and including that of May first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five,' in place of
his coupon bond for a like amount, number
three thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight,
same act aud series, said bonds having been
destroyed by fire : Provided, That before issu-
ing the new bonds the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall require a sufficient bond of indemnity
securing the Government against the present-
ation of the bonds alleged to be lost.
Approved, February 10, 1871.
Chap. LI I.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Caroline G. Gardner, widow of Brevet Brig-
adier General John L. Gardner.
Beit enactedby the Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Congress assembled, That there be paid to Mrs.
Caroline G. Gardner, widow of Brevet Brig-
adier General John L. Gardner, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of on? thousand five hundred
aud fifty-four dollars ; being rwo and a half per
centum onsixty-two thousand one hundred and
sixty-one dollars and ninety-one cents, assessed
and collected by said John L. Gardner while
exercising a civil duty, by order of Major Gen-
eral Scott, during the time the city of Mexico
was in possession of the troops of the United
States.
Approved, February 14, 1871.
Chap. LX.—An Act confirming the Title of
Nathan Boyer to certain Lands in the State
of Michigan.
Whereas Nathan Boyer, under date of June
twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixiy five,
entered atthelocal land office at East Saginaw,
Michigan, per cash entry number nine lliou-
sand three hundred aud thirty five, the south
half of the southeast quarter of section tweniy,
township thirteen north, of range two west,, at
tlie graduation price of twenty five emits per
acre, having settled thereon, fi'ed his declara
tory statement under the preemption laws, and
continued his residence upon and improve-
ment of said tractuntil the date of entry, except
during his absence in the military service of
the United States; and whereas the graduation
act was repealed June second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, before the year allowed
Mr. Boyer in which t.o make proof and pay-
ment for said land had expired : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales oj'America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of the Genetal Land Office be directed io issue
a patent to said Nathan Buyer, as per said
eutrv for the land described, tin; same as it the
title had been completed under the gradual.on
act of August fourth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four.
Approved, February 18, 1871.
Chap. LXVI.— An Act to Relieve John Wil-
liamson, of Savannah, Georgia, of Legal and
Political Disabilities imposed by the Four-
teenth Amendment of the Constitution of
the United States, and for otlnn- purposes.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America iii
Congress assembled, (two thirds ot each House
concurring therein.) That all lpgal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, by reason of participation in the late
rebellion, be. and t.hey hereby are, removed
from John Williamson, of Savannah, Georgia.
AmtorcD, February 23, 1871.
