4p8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CXLVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Alexander J. McMillen, late Lieutenant
of Company F, Ninth Regiment Minnesota
Volunteer Infantry.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the pro'per account-
ing officers of the United States be, and
they are hereby, directed, in settlement with
Alexander J. McMillen, late lieutenant com-
pany F, ninth regiment Minnesota volunteer
infantry, to allow him the pay and allowances
of a second lieutenant of infantry for the full
period of time during which he performed the
duties and bore the responsibilities of a second
lieutenant in said company.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXLIX.—An Act correcting an Error
in the passage of an Act entitled "An Act
for the Relief of the Officers and Crew of
the Ship Nightingale," approved June 1,
1870.
Whereas an act for the relief of the officers
and crew of the ship Nightingale passed the
House of Representatives, was certified by the
Secretary of the Senate as having passed the
Senate, was signed by the President of the
Senate and Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and by the President of the United
States, and appears on the statutes as a law
properly passed and approved June first, eight-
een hundred and seventy, when in reality it
never did pass the Senate, and its passage
does not appear upon the Journal: Now, to
remedy this error,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said act. so pub-
lished as passed and approved, is hereby made
valid to all intents and purposes, as if it had
passed the Senate, but no other or greater
payment shall be made by virtue of this act
than that authorized by said published act.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CL.—An Act for the Relief of Charles
T. Jackson, M. D., of Boston.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, do pay unto Charles
T. Jackson, M. D., of the city of Boston, the
sum of four hundred and fifty dollars for mak-
ing analyses of the digestive organs and their
contents of the late Captain Israel S. Bunce,
of the American barque Betsey Williams, for
the purposes of the trial of Griffin and Lee,
charged with the murder by poisoning of said
Bunce, and for mileage ami expenses of trav-
eling twice to and from the city of Boston to
the city of New York, as a witness at said trial
on behalf of the United States.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CLI.—An Act for the Relief of Hull
and Cozzens, and John Naylor and Com-
pany.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to audit and settle the accounts of
Hull and Cozzens. under a contract with Mark
W. Izzard, Governor of Nebraska, dated the
twenty eighth day of November, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, and the accounts of John
Naylor and Company, under a similar con-
tract, dated the twenty-fifth of February, eight-
een hundred and fifty-six, ibr furnishing, mate-
rials for the capitol buildings at Omaha City,
in Nebraska Territory, and to pay to the said
Hull and Cozzens, and to the said John Nay-
lor and Company, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, any bal-
ance which may be found due them on their
said contracts, not to exceed the sum of three
thousand five hundred dollars: Provided, That
in making such settlement, and before pay-
ment, he shall be satisfied by the evidence that
their contracts have been faithfully fulfilled ;
that the materials supplied by them were
accepted and used by the United States ; and
that the contractors have not been paid the
amounts due them either by the United States
or the State of Nebraska.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CLII.—An Act for the Relief of Logan
H. Roots, late Collector of Internal Reve-
nue for the First District of Arkansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be, and
they are hereby, authorized and directed, in
the settlement of the accounts of Logan H.
Roots, late collector of internal revenue for
the first district of Arkansas, to credit and
allow the sum of three thousand two hundred
and eighty-one dollars and twenty-one cents,
a deficit on account of Hugh McMurray, a
deputy collector, if it shall appear that such
deficit did not occur through the fault or negli-
gence of said collector : Provided, That in case
any part of said deficit shall hereafter be re-
covered from said McMurray or his sureties,
the same shall inure to the benefit of the Uni-
ted States only.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CLIII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Emma M. Moore.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the pension hereto-
fore granted by the Department of the Inte-
rior to Mrs. Emma M. Cox, widow of Lieu-
tenant John W. Cox, late of the United States
Navy, and which was discontinued in. conse-
quence of the marriage of said Mrs. Emma M.
Cox with Edwin W. Moore, be and the same
is hereby revived, at the rate of twenty-five
dollars per month, to Mrs. Emma M. Moore,
to continue during widowhood, and to com-
mence at and from the passage of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CLIY.—An Act for the Benefit of
Bryan R. Young.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That there be paid to
Bryan R. Young six hundred and twenty-
seven dollars and fifty cents, the difference
between the amount and value of quartermas-
ters' stores taken by the military authorities
of the United States from him and nine hun-
dred dollars, the amount paid by the order of
the Quartermaster General to the said Young
on-said quartermasters' stores, the amount
herein directed to be paid the said Young to
be in full satisfaction of his claim against
the United States for such stores.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CLV.—An Act increasing the Pension
of Isabella Fogg.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives oj the Uiiited Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That t he Secretary of the
Inferior be, and In; is hereby, authorized and
directed to increase the pension now paid to
Mrs. Isabella Fogg, by virtue of a special act
approved February twenty-eighth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, to thirty dollars per
month, and to pay her the said sum of thirty
dollar^ per month from and after the
of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CLVI.—An Act for the Relief of A.
A. De Long.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
audit and settle the accounts of A. A. De
Long, late collector of internal revenue for
the fourth collection district of California,
under the provisions of section twenty-five of
the act approved June thirty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes" ; and there is hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, a sufficient sum, not ex-
ceeding five thousand forty-three dollars and
ninety-one cents, to pay said A. A. De Long
such amount as the Secretary of the Treasury
may find him justly entitled to for services and
disbursements in said office for part of the fiscal
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three: Provided, That the allowance tor
servicesshall not exceed the rate of thirty-five
hundred dollars per annum: And provided
further, That he shall furnish to the Treasury
Department satisfactory evidence for all his
expenditures.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Ciiap. CLVI I.—An Act granting a Pension to
William Powell.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary <>t the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension roil, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of William Powell, ot Shelby
county, Missouri, father of Andrew Powell,
late a private in company G, eleventh Missouri
cavalry, and to pay him a pension from and
after the passage of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CLVIII.—An Act granting a Pension to
George Mt-nz.
Beit enacted by the Senateaud Hou^e of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name ot George Menz, late a
sergeant of company A, first battalion United
States Reserve corps, and to pay him a pension
from and after the passage of this act.
Approved, March 3. 1871.
Chap. CLIX.—An Act granting a Pension to
Rachel W. Huston.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, the Secietary ol the
Interior be, and he is lieieby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Rachel W. Huston, widow
ot Chancy P. Huston, late a corporal in com-
pany " G," sixty-first Pennsylvania volunteers,
it'oin and afier the passage of this act.
A"pb(ned, M-u-ch 3, 1871.
