
Eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel B. F. Peach, Northern Central Railroad, headquarters at Cockeysville: One company at Parkton and Montkton; one company at Sparks Station and Glencoe, and Company F at Cockeysville. Company A, Captain L. A. Tifft, Baltimore (guard duty at provost-marshal's office, Eighth Army Corps). Company K, Captain L. Butler, Baltimore (at the offices of Provost-Marshals Cathcart and Blumenberg). Company B, Captain H. M. Lyons, Baltimore (McKim's Hospital). Company G, Captain Ed. Rowe, Annames sex, Eastern Shore of Maryland.

One hundred and ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers: Company E, Captain J. C. Euwer, Havre de Grace, Md. Company C, Captain J. Dorrington, Bush River. Company H, Captain James R. Macormac, Havre de Grace. Company K, Captain Isaac Wright, Back River.

Company B, First Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, Captain J. E. Graham, Deal's Island.

Smith's Independent Maryland Cavalry, Captain George W. P. Smith, Camp Carroll, Baltimore.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., September 17, 1864.

(Received 1.45 p. m.)

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

During the fall I want to visit Massachusetts for seven days and judge this will be the best time for me to leave. Matters will be quiet for next twelve days, as far as draft is concerned, and I do not now believe there will be any serious opposition to it.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUENHANNA, No. 218. Chambersburg, Pa., September 17, 1864.

1. Colonel F. Asbury Awl, commanding Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, will send tow companies from his regiment, under the command of the major of the same, to Bloody Run, Pa., with orders to report to Brigadier General O. S. Ferry, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Juniata District, for duty.

2. Captain John G. Wilson, Company B, First Battalion, 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed without delay with his company and report to Colonel F. Asbury Awl, commanding Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, near Chambersburg, Pa., for orders.

3. Colonel F. Asbury Awl, commanding Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, will send without delay one company from his regiment to York, Pa., with orders to report to Surg. Saint John W. Mintzer, U. S. Volunteer, in charge U. S. Army General Hospital at that place, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

