
2. The Sixth Corps will move from its present camp across the country to the crossing of Opequon Creek by the Berryville pike, and will advance toward Winchester on said pike. As soon as it has reached the open country it will form in line of battle, fronting in the direction of Stephenson's Depot, unless the developments which may occur cause other dispositions to be made.

3. The Nineteenth Corps will march by the Berryville pike, and when the head of the column reaches the crossing of the creek the commanding officer will report of Major-General Wright for instructions. The line of battle of the Nineteenth Corps will be formed under direction of Major-General Wright. The utmost promptitude should be exercised in the formation of this line of battle.

4. General Crook will march his command to the crossing of Opequon Creek by the Berryville pike, and be held there as a reserve to be marched to any point required.

5. The cavalry divisions of General Merritt and General Averell will be governed by such directions as they may receive from the chief of cavalry. Corps commander will be required to furnish strong guards for the protection of their trains. Corps commanders will be notified of the location of army headquarters.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, September 18, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding, Washington:

GENERAL: You will have ready for orders early to-morrow morning one regiment of Veteran Reserves. It may be necessary to send it by rail to the West. Three days' provisions should therefore be ready for rail to the West. Three days' provisions should therefore be ready for issue. The question of sending it may possibly be decided to-night.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., September 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that there is nothing of importance to report from this vicinity. Colonel Lazelle and party have not been heard from. From information received here, which is considered reliable, in an attack on one of the picket-posts near this camp on the night of August 31, Lieutenant Fox, of Mosby's battalion, was wounded in the arm. Amputation was afterward performed and he died from effect of the same, three or four days ago, in Dranesville. Two others of his party were badly wounded; one of them seriously in the knee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. GANSEVOORT,

Colonel Thirteenth New York Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Cav. Brigade.

