
make a junction with you. You, of course, will have to be governed by circumstances, but the move means fight. They can't help but concentrate their infantry on Sheridan, and if you and Averell can join we will pitch into their rear. I will join you early in the mooring. The greatest promptness will be exercised in the above.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 18, 1864-8 p. m.

Brigadier-General MERRITT,

First Division:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry directs that you move with your division to-morrow at 2 a. m. to Gilbert's and Seivers' Fords, on the Opequon. If opposed only by the enemy's cavalry, you will cross the creek at daylight and follow them up.

Very respectfully, &c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,September 18, 1864-10 a. m.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT,

Chief of Cavalry:

The enemy's patrols were unusually active last night. One party of five came across the Opequon between my pickets between Dandridge's and Porterfield's Fords and endeavored to capture one of our patrols, wounding one, but not succeeding in capturing any. They displayed extraordinary vigilance at Bunker Hill, at dark having a skirmish line of about 500 men deployed, and the country thence to the Opequon was filled with small parties. This morning they have advanced nearly to Martinsburg by last report. It is reported that twenty-five wagons were seen in rear of their column. They are being observed closely. A Confederate officer reported to a rebel citizen that they intended to hold the line of the Potomac this winter.

Respectfully,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,September 18, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Colonel FORSYTH:

patrol from Dakesville reports no enemy moving on the road in rear of those who have advanced toward Martinsburg. The wire is cut between Kearneysville and Harper's Ferry, and train reports having seen a dozen men in gray near Duffield's. I will send information promptly as soon as I get it, but your signals are slow.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brevet Major-General.

