
to Scranton, Pa., with orders to report to Captain S. N. Bradford, provost-marshal Twelfth Congressional District, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation by railroad.

2. Lieutenant Aubrey Henry, commanding Railroad Troops, Independent Mounted Company (100-days') Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed without delay with the same to Easton, Pa., and report to Captain Samuel Yohe, provost-marshal Eleventh District, Pennsylvania, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

3. Lieutenant Colonel Charles Stewart, First Battalion, 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding U. S. forces in Columbia County, Pa., will relieve the remaining company of the One hundred and eighty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers from duty in that county, and order it to proceed without delay to Philadelphia, Pa., and report to Major General George Cadwalader, U. S. Volunteers, military commander, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

6. Lieutenant Colonel Charles Stewart, First Battalion, 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding U. S. forces in Columbia County, Pa., will proceed without delay with three companies of 100-days' infantry and half of the Independent Mounted Company, under the command of the first lieutenant, to Muncy, Pa., and await orders from Captain Richard I. Dodge, U. S. Army, acting provost-marshal-general, Western Division of Pennsylvania.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANA,Chambersburg, Pa., September 18, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES STEWART,

First Battalion, 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that upon receipt of paragraph 6, Special Orders, No. 219, from these headquarters, of the 18th instant, that you will march without delay with that portion of your command mentioned therein to Muncy, and await orders from Captain R. I. Dodge, U. S. Army, acting assistant provost-marshal-general. Upon your arrival at Muncy report to at once by letter to Captain Dodge. You are also directed not to let it be know where you are going. Captain Woods, assistant quartermaster, will remain with the troops in Columbia County. You will direct the senior officer present with troops you leave at Columbia County to assume command, and forward at once a report of the same to these headquarters. You will also forward monthly and tri-monthly returns to these headquarters as heretofore.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

