
WHEELING, September 1, 1864.

Major-General KELLEY:

Mr. Porter gets the following from Mr. Wilson,a t Baltimore:

We have information from the War Department the at the road is now clear. The forces from the east start up this p. m. Advise with General Kelley, and commence reconstructing as soon as he gives you protection.

JOHN I. WILSON.

J. B. FORD.

CUMBERLAND, September 1, 1864-11 a. m.

J. B. FORD, Esq.,

Wheeling:

I had hoped that we could commence the reconstruction of the road at once, General Avarell was driven back from Martinsburg yesterday about 11 a. m., since which I heard nothing from below Back Creek. The road and bridges are all right to within a mile of Martinsburg. I will advise you as soon as I hear from Avarell. All quiet here.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

MYERSVILLE, VA., September 1, 1864.

Captain BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor [to state that] along here and on the other side of the river Mosby's command has gone up the Loundoun Valley. A party started down on a raid yesterday, crossing at Snicker's Ford, where I struck their trail in a short after, but they found I was after them nd recrossed below Baker's Ford. Captain Ewing had a skirmish with a party of them the other day, driving them across the river, killing of them. I am shoeing my horses. I am going on a raid to Upperville to-morrow night.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. BLAZER,

Captain of Scouts.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 1, 1864.

Major General L. WALLACE,

Commanding Middle Department:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desired me to state for your information that most of the citizens of this country under the age of fifty years have been arrested by the direction of the lieutenant-general commanding, even thought there was no particular charge brought against them. This course has been pursued is order to prevent as far possible the enemy learning our movements, and only those male citizens (under the age mentioned) who have given the most positive proof of their loyalty are allowed to remain within our immediate lines.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

