
NEW YORK, September 18, 1864.

Major General JOHN C. ROBINSON,

Janesville, Wis.:

You will repair to Albany as soon as the state of your health will permit.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 19, 1864-8.30 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

A large part of the convalescents sent from Alexandria here belong to the Sixth and Nineteenth Coprs, and have to be immediately returned. Please direct the command officer there to caution the provost-marshal against making this mistake.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., September 19, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have the honor to report that I attacked the forces of General Early on the Berryville pike at the crossing of Opequon Creek, and after a most stubborn and sanguinary engagement, which lasted from early in the morning until 5 o'clock in the evening, completely defeated him, and, driving him through Winchester, captured about 2,500 prisoners, 5 pieces of artillery, 9 army flags, and most of their wounded. The rebel General Rodes and general Gordon were killed, * and three other general officers wounded. Most of the enemy's wounded and all their killed fell into our hands. Our losses are severe, among them General D. A. Russell, commanding division in the Sixth Corps, who was killed by a canon-ball. Generals Upton, McIntosh, and Cahpaman are wounded. I cannot yet tell our losses. The conduct of the officers and men was most superb. They charge and carried every position taken up by the rebels from the Opequon Creek to Winchester. The enemy were strong in number and very obstinate in their fighting. I desire to mention to the lieutenant-general commanding the army the gallant conduct of Generals Wright, Crook, Emory, Torbert, and the officers and men under their command; to them the country is indebted for this handsome victory. A more detailed report will be forwarded.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

Winchester, September 19, 1864.

The army will move at 5 a. m. to-morrow, and in the following order: The cavalry will be moved under the special direction of Brevet Major-General Torbert, chief of cavalry. The Sixth Corps, Major-General Wright commanding, will move at the above named hou on the west side of the Strasburg pike to Strasburg. The Nineteenth Corps, Brevet Major-General Emory commanding, will move at 5 a. m. to-morrow on the east side of the Strasburg pike to Strasburg. The ammunition

---------------

*A mistake as to Gordon. Reference is probably to General A. C. Godwin, who was killed.

---------------

