
front. He is advancing. Averell's firing on your right indicates the enemy moving toward Winchester. Watch them well, and try them from time to time. I don't think they will try tot force us, but

they will try to receive us with reference to the strength they have in our front. Send a mounted party to your right for information.

Respectfully,

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

Captain DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I think the enemy are leaving my front. They are moving off toward our left. I think Lowell could advance. I am going to try it.

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General.

LOCKE'S FORD, September 19, 1864-9.50 a. m.

Captain DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division:

General Custer has crossed with most of his command. They are skirmishing now about half a mile from the ford, where the enemy seems to have rallied. A small force of cavalry has just been reported as trying to cross on Custer's right, but a squadron has been sent out to check them. They want more ammunition.

J. ROGERS,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, &amp;C.,September 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILSON:

MY DEAR WILSON: I wish I could have had you with me to-day, but general Sheridan tells me your division did magnificently. I hear you have lost heavily. I am, too, sorry about Mcintosh and Chapman. The First Division captured 761 men and 64 officers, 9 battle-flags (infantry) and 1 gun, 2 caissons. McQuesten was killed. Rodenbourgh lost an arm. Killed and wounded about 150.

Yours,

TORBERT.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 19, 1864-10 p. m.

General WILSON:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry directs that you move your division, at 5 a. m. to-morrow, to a good position between Cedarville and the Shenandoah River, on the Front Royal pike, going via Kernstown and Stephensburg, and taking the direct road from Stephensburg to Stony Point. Cedarville is three miles south of Stony Point, on the Front Royal pike. On arrival at Cedarville communicate toward Middletown

8 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

