
16. Colonel L. D. H. Currie will, with his command, excepting the One hundred and seventy-third and One hundred and sixty-fifth Regiments New York Volunteer Infantry, and camp and headquarters guards, escort the trains of the army of Major-General Sheridan to Winchester, Va. He will proceed by the Smithfield pike. The trains will move promptly at 10 p. m. to-night. The Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry will report to him to act as flankers to the train. Colonel Currie will be held responsible for the safety of the train. Upon arriving at Winchester, he will report to the commanding officer at that post for instructions, unless Major-General Sheridan shall be there or in vicinity, in which event he will report to him in person. Upon delivering the train, in accordance with the orders of Major-General Sheridan, he will report back with his command to these headquarters

By order of Brigadier-General Stevenson:

S. F. ADAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HANCOCK, September 19, 1864.

Major-General KELLEY:

Captain Petrie brings report from Sir John's Run that a rebel force is moving up northwestern grade toward Romney. He gets it second-handed. I give it for what it is worth.

F. B. MILLER.

SLEEPY CREEK, [September] 19, 1864.

Major-General KELLEY:

I have the honor to report that 400 rebel cavalry came down the Back Creek Valley yesterday and burnt railroad bridge over Back Creek, and returned again by the same route. Please send me one box Enfield cartridges, caliber .58.

G. W. MILLER,

Sergeant-Major, Comdg. Detachment Fifth West Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,Relay House, Md., September 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In compliance with your communication of the 13th instant, I have the honor to submit the following roster of stations of the different regiments and detachments of this brigade:

Baltimore and Ohio Railroad-Monocacy Junction: One hundred and ninety-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel J. W. Fisher; one section Battery H, Third Pennsylvania Artillery, Lieutenant W. M. Runkel; Company B, First Delaware Cavalry, Captain Caleb Churchman. Monrovia: Eleventh Maryland Infantry, Colonel William T. Landstreet; Companies E, F, G, and headquarters First Delaware Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel N. B. Knight. Mount Airy: Companies A, B, E, and headquarters Twelfth Maryland Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel J. L. Bishop. Hood's Mills: Companies D and C, Twelfth Maryland Infantry, Captain L. M. Haverstick. Elysville: Company G, Ninety-third Regiment New York State National Guard, Captain J. O. Gentleman. Annapolis Junction: Company E, Ninety-third Regiment New York State National Guard,

