
casualties will be about 4,000; no accurate returns received. Colonel Duval, commanding division in Crook's army, was wounded. General Chapman was slightly wounded. He is now on duty.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

STRASBURG, September 20, 1864-9.30 p. m.

(Received 21st.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

In consequence of a report that I received from Averell that Early had marched two divisions of his command down to Martinsburg, I changed the programme that I spoke about when I saw you at Charlestown, and moved directly up the Berryville pike. The information that Early had marched two divisions to Martinsburg was incorrect, and I found his whole force, excepting Kershaw's division, which was at Front Royal, in my front. I then attempted, by swinging round my left flank, to cut him off from Winchester. This movement would have been entirely successful if it had not been for the unfortunate giving way of a part of Ricketts' division, Sixth Corps, and a portion of the Nineteenth Corps, which came back in confusion. This mishap was soon remedied by the good conduct of Upton's brigade, of the First Division, Sixth Corps. The enemy then attempted to turn my right flank, but General Crook, who was up to that time held in reserve, went in and turned their left. Our whole line then advanced beautifully, routing the enemy at every point. From the best sources of information that I have Early's strength is much greater than your estimate. The people of Winchester say that Early had yesterday on the field 28,000 infantry. One of my staff, who was captured yesterday, and released by Early near this place this morning, and saw all their force, estimates it a least that number. I can scarcely think, however, that it is as high as these figures. The engagement was a very handsome one, the lines at different points being in the open field.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 39. September 20, 1864.

1. The memorandum order directing Brigadier General T. H. Neill, U. S. Volunteers, to report for duty to the commanding officer Sixth Corps is revoked. He will at once proceed to Martinsburg, Va., and assume command of the post there.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 20, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR:

GENERAL: Major-General Halleck directs that the veteran regiment now under orders for Indianapolis be sent to Johnson's Island, Sanducky, without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

