SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 203. Chambersburg, Pa., September 1, 1864.

* * * * *

6. Colonel F. Avsury Awl, commanding Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, will send one company of infantry form his command to Carrick Furnance, in Path Valley, and another company to the mountain in the road leading from Fannettsburg to Burnt Cabins, and carry out the instructions to be furnished by Major John B. Burt, aide-de-camp, who will accompany the same, and the men will be supplied with six days' rations and forty rounds of ammunition, and each company supplies with twenty axes. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation for rations and axes. The troops will march promptly from heir present camp at 10 a. m., the 2nd instant.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTOWN, September 2, 1864-10 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I am satisfied that no troops have yet gone from this Valley. On the 29th Avarell drew Rodes' corps. On the 28th Merritt drew out Breckinridge's corps. Yesterday the cavalry drove Fitz Lee's cavalry picker in over the Jordan Springs road, Berryville pike, Millwood pike, crossed the Front Royal pike, and got around nearly as far as Streasburg pike. That no troops have left here is, up to this time, almost unquestionable. There is a report among the people that Early has been ordered back to Richmond with troops, but no troops have yet gone. Kershaw was encamped yesterday on the road from Summit Point to Winchester, near where it crosses the Opequon. Avarell is over the Williamsport line, near Martinsburg, with his advance south of that place. Troops here are in front of Charlestown, covering Smithfield pike, Summit point road, and Berryville pike.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CHARLESTOWN, W. VA., September 2, 1864-6 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Yesterday I directs Tobert, with his cavalry, to drive in the enemy's pickets on the Opequon as far as the Front Royal pike, and to reach the Strasburg pike, if possible, for the purpose of gaining information. This was done, and it was found that none of the enemy's troops had, up to that time, left the Valley. To-day Avarell attacked the enemy on the Winchester and Martinsburg pike, driving Vaughn's cavalry from Bunker Hill, capturing some of his wagon train and a number of his wagon train and a number of prisoners. I have not yet received Avarell's official report. The enemy's infantry commenced moving toward Winchester this morning. I will move to-night.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

