HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Cedarville, Va., September 20, 1864-10.10 a. m.

[Brevet Major-General TORBERT:]

GENERAL: We have arrived here without seeing any force of the rebels. A small regiment of Wickham's command passed through here about two hours ago for Front Royal. I have directed Chapman to send a strong reconnaissance in that direction, with instructions to go to Front Royal, if possible, and also to be crossing of the South Fork of Shenandoah, by the Front Royal and Strasburg road. There have been no other troops in this neighborhood, except the regiment first mentioned, for several weeks. Can't we go through to Woodstock or New Market with the cavalry? Send the news.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Crossing of Cedar Creek, September 20, 1864-1 p. m.

General WILSON, Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL; The Sixth Corps are now crossing the creek. Merritt's division is around Strasburg; Averell is across the creek, to the right, on the Back road. A strong force of the enemy can be seen about Round Top and Fisher's Hill. Merritt is in Strasburg holding the hills beyond. The enemy have pickets on the road toward Front Royal from Strasburg. General Sheridan will pitch in here. You will push forward as far as possible up the Front Royal valley, and find out as soon as possible what is up that valley. Kershaw's division of infantry is said to have gone that way. Scout the road from front Royal to Strasburg, if possible, and communicate that way. Send word often what you meet; it is all important to General Sheridan. I had to leave you caissons at Winchester, as I could not get any ammunition for you, but sent back to Harper's Ferry at once.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Cedarville, Va., September 20, 1864-3.20 p. m.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT,

Commanding Cavalry Forces, Middle Military Division:

GENERAL: The reconnaissance toward Front Royal developed about a brigade of cavalry at that place. They had a regiment on the heights beyond Crooked Run, which as driven across the river. Captain Russell, of my staff, was severely wounded in the knee. If you will send a division of cavalry to cross North Fork of Shenandoah at Buckton, South Fork at Kendrick's Ford, and get in on the Luray road, I will cross at the bridge and at Hand's and capture the entire force now at Front Royal. This move can be made to night, or by starting at 2 a. m. can be so combined as to come off at daylight. The whole country is in plan sight of my picket-line. The thing can be made a very handsome success. Please answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

