HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 20, 1864-7 p. m.

General WILSON,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General Torbert desires me to say that it will be impossible to carry out your suggestion regarding the capture of that infantry brigade. Generals Merritt and Averell are a good ways from you on the right, and their commands very tired. General Torbert desires you to make a strong demonstration in the morning to ascertain what infantry are in or near Front Royal. If the enemy develop cavalry only he desires you to run them off. At all events, use every endeavor to cross the creek and connect with the infantry by the front Royal and Strasburg road. The enemy here are in strong position on Fisher's Hill, and our forces in their front, but not yet in position. I do not think it is yet decided whether an attack will be made or not.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,

September 20, 1864-9.15 p. m.

In order to ascertain the forces at Front Royal, and, if possible, capture, the following dispositions will be made:

General Chapman will detach two regiments of his brigade, under the command of Colonel Wells, with orders to cross the North Fork of the Shenandoah and move across the country to Kendrick's Ford, on the South Fork, crossing that stream and moving rapidly toward Front Royal. This department should start so as to reach the rear of the enemy's present position just at dawn, and should attack with great vigor. Its first discharge of fire-arms will be a signal for the advance of the balance of the division along the route of the Winchester and Front Royal turnpike. In order that this may be done without delay, the remainder of General Chapman's brigade will be assembled noiselessly before dawn, on the point between the two rivers, and the First Brigade will be in column on the road, with its advance on the ridge just south of Crooked Creek. The battery will be placed in position at the point occupied to-day.

The trains and pack animals will be left on the pike near the creek guarded by one squadron of the First Brigade.

In the preliminary movements no bugle calls will be used, but in the charge all the trumpets will continue to sound the "forward."

By command of Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The entire command should be ready to move at 3.30 a. m., so that there should be no miscarriage in the attack on account of time.

By command of Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

