
HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., September 20, 1864-11.40 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Just received the following official from General Sheridan, dated 1 o'clock this morning:

GENERAL: We fought Early from daylight until between 6 and 7 p. m. We drove him from Opequon Creek through Winchester and beyond the town. We captured 2,500 to 3,000 prisoners, 5 pieces artillery, 9 battle-glass, all the rebel wounded and dead. Their wounded in Winchester amount to some 3,000. We lost in killed General David Russell, commanding division, Sixth Army Corps; wounded, Generals Chapman, McIntosh, and Upton. The rebels lost in killed the following general offices: General Rodes, General Wharton, General Gordon, and General Ramseur. We just sent them whirling through Winchester, and we are after them to-morrow. This army behaved splendidly.

I am sending forward all medical supplies, subsistence stores, and all ambulances.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Winchester, September 19 [20], 1864-1 a. m.

[Brigadier-General STEVENSON:]

GENERAL: We fought Early from daylight this morning until between 6 and 7 p. m. to-night. We drove Early from the Opequon Creek through winchester and beyond the town. We captured between 2,500 and 3,000 prisoners, 5 pieces of artillery, and 9 battle flags, all the rebel wounded and dead. Their (the rebels') wounded in Winchester amounts to some 3,000. We lost in killed, General David Russell, commanding division Sixth Army Corps; wounded, Generals Chapman, McIntosh, and Upton. The rebels lost in killed the following general officers: General Rodes, General Wharton, General Gordon, and General Ramseur.* We just sent them a whirling through Winchester, and we are after them to-morrow. The army behaved splendidly.

Respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Please hurry up all the medical supplies. We have about 2,000 wounded, and we should have them here as soon as possible.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., September 20, 1864-5 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The body of General Russell has arrived. As soon as embalmed will be forwarded to New York. General McIntosh, with left amputated, has just come in; is in good spirits. Several offices from the front report the number of prisoners in access of 3,000. The number of battle-flags captured was fifteen instead of nine. All concur that it was a complete rout. Our cavalry started in pursuit at daylight this morning. Sheridan when last heard from was at Kernstown. I sent forward this morning ample medical supplies; full subsistence for entire

---------------

*Error as to Wharton, Gordon, and Ramseur.

---------------

