HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, September 20, 1864.

W. P. SMITH,

Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

Everything O. K. General Sheridan wishes all forces that can be put to work to be placed on reconstruction of road to Martinsburg Everything perfectly safe. Make arrangements to commence work to-morrow morning, if possible.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

CAMDEN STATION, September 20, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Our agents west report that 400 rebels yesterday destroyed the Back Creek bridge, and stated they would move at once, destroy Sleepy Creek bridge and other important structures. I have telegraphed General Kelley, urging that all that is practicable should be done to drive back the enemy and preserve the long line of the road, much exposed now from deficiency of troops. If any aid can be furnished him it will be most opportune. We are arranging successfully for rapid concentration of equipment for movement indicated. Early information regarding time and number, when determined, will assists to a accomplish the best results.

J. W. GARRETT.

CUMBERLAND, September 20, 1864.

J. W. GARRETT, Esq.,

Camden Station, Baltimore:

Back bridge was fired on Saturday by a rebel force of 400 mounted men, but as the iron-clad cars were in the neighborhood the enemy hastily retreated, and our men extinguished the fire. The bridge very little damaged. Sleepy Creek bridge safe. Rest assured that everything will be done to protect the road and the property of the company that can be done with the small force now in my command.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, September 20, 1864.

J. B. FORD, Esq.,

Wheeling:

The rebels drove General Averell out of Martinsburg on Saturday, and sent a detachment of 400 cavalry and fired Back Creek bridge, but the fire was extinguished by our men before it had doe much damage. It is believed that a general engagement took place on Sanday, and that the enemy had been driven back up the Valley.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

