
CLARKSBURG, September 20, 1864.

Brevet Major-General KELLEY:

The following just received from Buckhannon:

A scout of seventy men was sent out yesterday, and from reliable information obtained by Captain Thomson, Eighth Ohio Cavalry, there are about 400 rebels in camp, twelve miles above Centerville and twenty-nine miles from Buckhannon; they are principally dismounted. Their object is to mount their force and make a descent on Buckhannon and Weston.

H. H. HAGANS.

A late telegram from Captain Hagans urges me to send re-enforcements, and to ask the Governor to call out the militia. He adds there is no doubt of the presence of the enemy at the points indicated. The scout Pierson was killed this morning at Janelew by guerrillas. Can you aid us any, as this force may come here?

N. WILINSON,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANA,Chambersburg, September 20, 1864.

Captain GEORGE EYSTER,

Provost-Marshal, Sixteenth Congressional District:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 18th instant, stating that you were about to commence drafting in your district, and that some troops would be required, &amp;c. In reply the commanding general directs me to inform you that two companies of infantry and twenty mounted men are stationed at Bloody Run, and twenty mounted men at McConnellsburg, all under the command of Brigadier General O. S. Ferry, U. S. Volunteers, at Bedford, Pa., who has been directed to render you all the assistance you or your deputies may require in enforcing said draft.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 311. Washington, September 20, 1864.

* * * * * * *

43. Brigadier General E. W. Hinks, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty on the general court-martial now in session at Carlisle, Pa. At the conclusion of the case, which may now be before the court, he will repair to Hart's Island, New York Harbor, and relieve Brigadier General N. J. Jackson, U. S. Volunteers, in command of the depot for volunteers and drafted men. He will report, by telegraph, to the Adjutant-General on assuming command.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

