
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 20, 1864.

Colonel ANSON STAGER,

New York:

Please give me all the particulars you have respecting the steamers captured at Bass Island. When was the provost-marshal of Buffallo's telegram received? Who was it addressed to? Where were the steamers captured? How did he get his information?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, September 20, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Colonel Hill, commanding at Johnson's Island, telegraphs the provost-marshal at Buffalo at 8 a. m. as follows:

Rebels from Canada captured the steamers Parons and Island Queem near the Bass Islands yesterday afternoon, and have gone down or across the lake. Disappeared from the islands between 10 and 11 o'clock last night. Probably gone for re-enforcements, guns, and ammunition. The capturing party were about thirty, with abundance of revolvers and bowie knaves; no other arms noticed. At Middle Bass Island captors took wood enough to last two days. Warn all vessels and steamers, and send all important information here. We have one of the principal conspirators under arrest. The last telegram from Detroit says rebels returned to Detroit River early this morning. The last telegram from detroit says rebels returned to Detroit River early this morning. Have been filed in design, which is supposed to have been the capture of the U. S. steamer Michigan and the release prisoners on Johnson's Island. Crew of steamer parsons were put ashore on Fighting Island this morning after being robbed of everything valuable. Furniture of boat destroyed and feed-pipe cut, leaving her in a sinking condition. Vessel seized by Canadian authorities. Two of rebel crew arrested and now in jail at Sandwich.

The following telegram received here this p. m.:
HEADQUARTERS,Buffalo, [September] 20.

General J. A. DIX:

The rebels are capturing our steamers on the lakes and burning them, to destroy our commerce. Captain Ottinger, revenue cutter service, is building here a stream revenue cutter, nearly finished. By an additional expense and working night and day, she can be ready for service in a few days-say ten days. The Treasury Department would so order at your request. I could arm two or three strong propellers for temporary service as guns-boats, if you see proper to so order.

E. C. WILSON,

Assistant Quartermaster.

I have asked for further information from Detroit, Sandusky, and Buffalo. When received will forward to you.

ANSON STAGER.

SEPTEMBER 20, 1864.-For correspondence between Secretary Stanton, General Heintzelman, Governor Brough, and others, relative to seizure of steamers Island Queen and Philo Parsons, on Lake Erie, see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, pp. 426-428.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 21, 1864-4 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

There are several thousand men here not needed for Washington, chiefly new troops. I requested General Halleck to ask you whether

9 R R -VOL XLIII, PT II

