
they ought not to be thrown forward to Sheridan. I have had transportation ready for that purpose. I see by General Halleck's telegram that he gives an opinion about the quality of the troops without asking the question I directed. If you think they will be of service to Sheridan, please say so, and they can be forwarded speedily.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., September 21, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I informed General Sheridan that I would direct the new regiments coming into the field to be stopped at Washington, so as he could order them as the desired. The Department of Washington being within his command, I think it would hardly be advisable to send troops down the Baltimore road, unless he should order it. Now that Sheridan is at Strasburg he may want troops sent east of the Blue Ridge, if he wants them at all. Before sending any new regiments here it will probably be well to hear from Sheridan.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 21, 1864-4 p. m.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

It was not in contemplation to send any troops from Washington to join Sheridan in the pursuit of Early. I thought it possible, though not probable, that Early might turn north or send his cavalry north when Sheridan commenced his movement, and in that case wanted troops in Washington, so that a force might be thrown suddenly into Hagerstonw to head them off. I think it will be safe now to send all new organizations here. They will become fitted for service here sooner than elsewhere, and will have less chance of deserting. I hope Sheridan will wipe out the stain the Valley of the Shenandoah has been to us heretofore before he gets through.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

STRASBURG, VA., September 21, 1864-8.30 p. m.

(Received 22nd.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I have the honor to report that General Wilson's cavalry division charged the enemy at Front Royal this morning, and drove them from Front Royal up the Luray Valley for a distance of six miles. I directed two brigades of the First Cavalry Division, with General Wilson's division, to follow the enemy up that valley and to push them vigorously. The enemy's infantry occupy a very strongly fortified position in my front, across the Strasburg valley. Heavy fighting occurred during the day between the Sixth Corps and the enemy, and late inthe evening a sharp fight took place between a brigade of the Second Division,

