
ing, rallying them and returning to the main body, went directly on at a rapid pace to Stevensburg, thence by way of Kelly's Ford to this camp, arriving here at about 5 p. m. of the following day, a distance of sixty-six miles traveled in twenty-seven hours. They waited and halted nowhere more than could be avoided. During the confusion of this flight an attempt was made at a rally and a charge upon the enemy, who were now advancing. This was done by portions of companies consisting of about sixty men, but, though it checked the rapid advance of the enemy, the nature of the ground and the few numbers rendered it ineffective. By much exertion order was partially restored, and the men now left were gotten into line, and by taking advantage of the timber the pursuit was checked by all but small parties of the enemy's cavalry. My contemplated trip to Culpeper Court-House was abandoned, and I made my way to Kelly's Ford at a a walk, skirmishing all the way. We bivouacked three miles from the ford. The day following the column was harassed by about forty cavalry until arriving at Bristersburg, sixteen miles from Kelly's Ford. The animals captured were abandoned and all but eight of the prisoners escaped; these were brought in.

Our total loss in killed and missing is 1 officer (Lieutenant George French, Sixteen New York Volunteer Cavalry) and 27 men. Eleven men wounded were brought in.

I am informed that two of all the officers with that portion of the force which retreated so rapidly to Kelly's Ford advised Major Bosworth, the officer in command, to halt at that place until I should come up, or at least for a reasonable time.

Captain Brown, Thirteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry; Captains Mickles and Leahy, Sixteenth New York Cavalry; Lieutenants French and Doherty, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, behaved most fearlessly in their efforts to retrieve what was lost.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth Volunteer Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.

SPECIAL ORDER, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, No. 203. September 21, 1864.

1. Brigadier General Frank Wheaton, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the First Division of this corps, and will assume command forthwith.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,September 21, 1864.

In obedience to the above order, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the First Division, Sixth Corps.

FRANK WHEATON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

