HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Strasburg, September 21, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your corps, at the break of day to-morrow morning, to the right and front of your present position, covering the ground and occupying the position occupied by Major-General Wright's command this evening. General Wright's corps moved from its position farther to the right this evening, and you must extend your corps so as to connect with him. Your skirmish line, extending around to the left, with its reserves along the railroad, will not be changed, and the regiment on the extreme left, which was ordered on a reconnaissance to-day, will also remain and not be changed. The prompt execution of this order is especially necessary.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Strasburg, Va., September 21, 1864.

Captain E. D. TAFT,

Acting Chief of Artillery, Detachment Nineteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: The Nineteenth Corps is ordered to move at daybreak to-morrow, to occupy the position occupied by General Wright's corps this evening. General Grover has been ordered to withdraw the two regiments supporting the battery on the hill on our left before daylight. The general commanding directs, also, that you post a battery in the same position as that occupied by the battery of General Wright that opened fire this evening.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Strasburg, September 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your division, at the break of day to-morrow morning, to the right and front of your present position, covering the ground and occupying the position occupied by Major-General Wright's front line this evening. General Wright's corps moved from its position farther to the right this evening, and you must extend your division to meet with him, throwing out a line of skirmishers to protect your new front and connect with his. Your skirmish line extending around to the left, with its reserves along the railroad, will not be changed. General Grover is ordered to support you. Prompt execution of this order is especially necessary.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

