
discover the enemy in any considerable force, through thirty of them were seen in the vicinity if the Lewinsville stockade and pursued, but they scattered in the forest, and as it was nearly night the pursuit-line yesterday was made by two parties of between twenty and thirty men each. A small party of guerrillas was chased to the vicinity at Germantown, but the horses of the pursuers gave out and the pursuit was given up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAYELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Charlestown, W. Va., September 2, 1864.

[Brigadier-General MERRITT:]

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry directs that you reaper your division for immediate movement. The enemy are reported falling back. The advance of General Averell is beyond Bunker Hill toward Winchester. Draw in your pickets and start immediately on the Berryville pike. First Division will move upon the right of the road, the Third Division the left of the road, leaving the pike for artillery and trains. Your trains have been directed to move at daylight. They are parked in rear of these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Torbert:

M. A. REMO,

Captain and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Brigadier Wilson.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIV., No. 1. Charlestown, W. Va., September 2, 1864.

I. Division commanders will at once take the necessary steps to have the detached men on duty with the trains of their respective commanders armed with carbines. Many attacks on trains could be successfully resisted by these men if properly armed. Hereafter the quartermasters will be held strictly responsible that these men always carry their arms when moving with their trains.

II. Division commanders will at once have their inspectors, in conjunction with their brigade inspectors, make a thought inspection of their respective commands to see that all captured animals inthe hands of officers and men are branded and property accounted for. A report will be sent to these headquarters showing the number found in each regiment.

By command of Brigadier-General Torbert:

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, No.-. September 2, 1864.

The cavalry division will be in readiness to march as soon as possible.

The pickets of the First Brigade will be without and those of the Second Brigade assembled near the pike.

