
4. Captain M. Hastings, Keystone Battery, 100-days' Pennsylvania Artillery, commanding artillery near Chambersburg, Pa., will cause a national salute to be fired at 12 m. this day in honor of the brilliant victory of Major-General Sheridan's troops over the combined rebel forces of Early and Breckinridge in the Shenandoah Valley on the 19th instant.

* * * * * * *

7. Colonel Charles Albright, commanding Two hundred and second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Columbia County, Pa., via Mauch Chunk, and carry out instructions to be furnished by Brigadier General O. S. Ferry, U. S. Volunteers, at Harrisburg, Pa., after which he will return.

* * * * * * *

11. Captain William McCarrol, commanding Company B, Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer, will proceed without delay with his company and relieve Captain Thomas S. McGowan, Independent Company (Patapsco Guards) Maryland Volunteer, as post commanded and his company as provost guard.

12. Captain Thomas S. McGowan, Independent Company (Patapsco Guards) Maryland Volunteers, upon being relieved by Captain William McCarrol, Company B, Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed with his company to the camp of the Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and report to Colonel R. Asbury Awl, commanding, for orders.

13. Company A, First Battalion, 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the South Mountain, and will march to the camp of the Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and report to Colonel F. Asbury Awl, commanding, for orders.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 22, 1864-3 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

You will see by Sheridan's dispatch* to General Augur that he wants some troops. About 5,000 will go forward to him this evening.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., September 22, 1864-9.30 p. m.

(Received 10.40 a. m. 23rd.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Will it not be practicable to open in a short time the railroad from Washington to Strasburg? If this can be done, it seems to me advisable that the latter place should be held. Before giving any directions on the subject I will await your views.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See Sheridan to Augur, 21st, 9.30 p. m., p. 131.

---------------

