HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Six miles from Woodstock, September 22, 1864-11.30 p. m.

(Received 23rd.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

I have the honor to report that I achieved a most signal victory over the army of General Early at Fisher's Hill to-day. I found the rebel army posted with its right resting on the North Fork of the Shenandoah, and extending across the Strasburg valley westward to North Mountain, occupying a position which appeared almost impregnable. After a great deal of maneuvering during the day, General Crook's command was transferred to the extreme right of the line of North mountain, and he furiously attacked the left of the enemy's line, carrying everything before him. While Crook was driving the enemy in the greatest confusion and sweeping down behind their breast-works, the Sixth and Nineteenth Army Corps attacked the rebel works in front, and the whole rebel army appeared to be broken up. They fled in the utmost confusion. Sixteen pieces of artillery were captured; also a great many caissons, artillery horses, &amp;c. I am to-night pushing on down the Valley. I cannot say how many prisoners I have captured, nor do I know either my own or the enemy's casualties; only darkness has saved the whole of Early's army from total destruction. My attack could not be made until 4 o'clock in the evening, which left but little daylight to operate in. The First and Third Cavalry Divisions went down Luray Valley to-day, and if they push on vigorously to the main valley, the result of this day's engagement will be still more signal. The victory was very complete. A more detailed report will be made as soon as I can obtain the necessary data.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,In the Field, City Point, Va., September 22, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 10.40 a. m. 23rd.)

Major-General SHERIDAN, Strasburg, Va.:

I congratulate you and the army serving under your for the great victory just achieved. It has been most opportune in point of time and effect. It will open again to the Government and the public the very important line of road from Baltimore to the Ohio, and also the Chesapeake Canal. Better still, it wipes out much of the stain upon our arms by previous disasters in that locality. May your good work continue is now the prayer of all loyal men.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,Washington, September 22, 1864-9.45 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Division, beyond Strasburg, Va.:

Four thousand nine hundred and twenty-four men will leave here for Winchester to-morrow morning. I have also ordered all your cavalry on the Potomac and at Camp Stoneman to be hastened forward to join you. God speed you.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

