
that Mosby crossed over the bridge on the 18th, and that he was on his way to either Lynchburg or Richmond. From these reports, coming as they do from two different parts of the country, it would appear that the statements are correct, and that Mosby has been taken out of our reach into a safe location. In order to make sure, however, I will send a large party to Aldie at 10 o'clock to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADIER, FIRST DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,[Winchester, Va.,] September 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to report that there has been collected thus far from the battle-field of the 19t instant 800 stand all small-armies, and that details are still at work collecting them. There is at present in the hands of the provost-marshal two pieces of artillery, 12-pounders, brass, together with their gun carriage; one caisson (rebel), filled with ammunition, was broth in by the party collecting. It is impossible to forward a correct and full report at this time, until further information is collected. The Confederate prisoners at present in charge of the provost-marshal are being forwarded, guarded by Colonel Currie's brigade, of the Nineteenth Corps, to Harper's Ferry. The dead of both sides have all been buried, with the exception of a few, and details are at present at work collecting and interring them. All wagons that could be seized have been impressed into the service for the purpose of collecting and bringing in the wounded. There are many of these of the enemy still to be found in farm-houses in the vicinity. I have had all the wagons belonging to my brigade unloaded, and they are now arduously at work on this duty. One hundred wagons in all, including baggage wagons that were ordered to be unloaded and the empty ones on hand, reported to the medical director, by my order, at daylight this morning, and the work of bringing in the wounded will undoubtedly be completed this p. m.

Very respectfully,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Strasburg, Va., September 22, 1864.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Military Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call your attention to a statement made by Richard L. Shelley, correspondent of the Baltimore American, in its issue of the 21st instant (copy herewith inclosed), misrepresenting me and my command. Mr. Shelley says:

There was a delay of at least two hours, caused by the non-arrival of the Nineteenth Army Corps, who thought a misconception of orders had failed to come up at the proper time. General Emory had moved his column in rear of the baggage train of the Sixth Corps, instead of keeping his command closed up in rear of the advancing column of the Sixth Corps.

