HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 22, 1864.

General WILSON:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry directs that you withdraw your pickets from their present line at daylight to-morrow a. m. The officer commanding the same will see that every man between here and the picket-line is brought in with the pickets. Similar orders have been sent to the First Division. The command will march to-morrow a. m. at 5 o'clock, in the following order: first, First Division; second, wagons and ambulances; third, Thrid Division. The column and trains must be kept well closed up, and, under no circumstances, must any stragglers be left behind the rear of the column. The route of march will be given to-morrow a. m.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-If your column has not marched by the time your pickets reach it, have them halted from one and a half to two miles out.

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, September 22, 1864-12.50 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Captain Ellis, inspector-general, General Torbert's staff, just arrived from General Sheridan with captured battle-flags, &c.; goes by train to Washington. Sheridan holds Strasburg; enemy holds Fisher's Hill. A heavy reconnaissance was being made as he left at 3 p. m. yesterday; result not known.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., September 22, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Just heard from Winchester. Sufficient medical supplies had arrived by first train for four days. My large supply train had arrived all safe-1,000 wagons. My others trains will all arrive to-day. Had made more than half distance, as party came in all right. I sent out additional trains this morning of all tents, &c., received. It will arrive to-morrow. Have exhausted all quartermaster's transportation. Shall to-day organize a train from regimental transportation around post to clean out all medical stores, and send it forward in the morning. My great difficulty is escorts. Have sent forward every soldier that can be used at this post; nothing left except my necessary guards. Have not heard from front. Doctor Patton reports that it was currently reported in Winchester when he left that Sheridan had got possession of Fisher's Hill, making considerable captures, but this is a most unreliable rumor; I send it to you as such. Shall send you the first veracious information received.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

