
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry:

From 4,000 to 5,000 infantry will be forwarded from here this evening to go to Winchester. Please have every necessary preparation for them, so they can go forward without needless delay.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARPER'S FERRY, September 22, 1864-1.55 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Neill just arrived from Strasburg; reports all of our cavalry, except Averell's command, sent to the left, to strike a rebel cavalry division supposed to be at Front Royal. Sheridan made strong infantry reconnaissance yesterday; General Neill did not know the result. Enemy were holding Fisher's Hill. You must not mistake my former dispatch in regard to prisoners-exclusive of wounded they will reach 3,000; with wounded, approximate, 5,000.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-(Not as authoritative).-A reporter, who left last night, says the reconnaissance resulted in gaining possession of a spur of Fisher's Hill, which he held. Nothing from other sources on the subject.

J. D. S.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., September 22, 1864-8.50 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

First Lieutenant George E. Gilman, First New Hampshire Cavalry, reported at these headquarters to-day; says he started from winchester last night with Major Fry, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Captain N. H. Brown, Lieutenant F. P. Stone, and Lieutenant Pressey, all of the First New Hampshire Cavalry, and five miles this side of Winchester the party was attacked by Mosby, and all captured but himself, he losing his horse.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, September 22, 1864-Latest.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

One of my couriers just returned from front; left there at 7 a. m.; reports heavy skirmishing yesterday. He says General Crook's command moved beyond Strasburg this morning, and that he heard skirmishing as he left. However, he brings only receipt from General Sheridan's adjutant-general for dispatches sent forward, but nothing from him of the army operations. This is all I have heard not telegraphed, and, as you will perceive, of but little value.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

