
BUFFALO, N. Y., September 22, 1864. (Received 8.20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There are two regiments of New York militia at Elmira which can be ordered to the front if they are needed. They have about sixty days to serve. General Diven, if instructed, will send them at once. They are unmanageable where they are, but might be of use before Petersburg.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

NEW YORK, September 22, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Detroit, Mich.:

Nothing to report of moment.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 23, 1864-10 p. m.

Mrs. Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Burlington, N. J.:

Sheridan fought another great battle yesterday and won a splendid victory.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, September 23, 1864-2 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

It is believed that a large portion of the ties on the Manassas Gap Railroad are too much decayed to be used. The railroad bureau thinks the road can be put in running order i about a week through the gap; the bridges across the branches of the Shenandoah will take somewhat longer. I have ordered a railroad officer, with a cavalry detachment, to eximate the road, and as soon as he reports will telegraph more fully. The country is wooded and full of guerrillas,and it will probably require a pretty large force to guard the road. About 5,000 troops have been sent from here to guard the road. About 5,000 troops have been sent from here to General Seridan, via Harper's Ferry, last night and to day. Colonel McKeavy reports that the men erroneously sent to City Point were not sent from Alexandria, but from New York and the East direct. On their arrival at Alexandria the matter will be fully investigated.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, September 23, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I now learn that Manassas Gap Railroad can be put in running order to Piedmont, sixteen miles from Front Royal, in three days. From there

