
to Front Royal all the iron of the track has been carried away, and it will require about a week to replace it. From Front Royal to Strasburg all the brigades, which are very long, have been destroyed and the rails removed; but it is thought that Front Royal will serve all the purposes for the defense of the Valley that Strasburg would, a pontoon bridge being established across the river at that place. Before any decision is arrived at in regard to the location of a depot, a competent engineer officer should be sent to examine the relative merits of Front Royal and Strasburg. Winchester is not susceptible of defense without a very large garrison to occupy the surrounding heights. I would also remark that the Orange railroad to Culpeper and the Rapidan can be repaired in three days. I will have everything in readiness to begin the work on either road the moment I receive your orders. We can picket it from Alexandria to Thoroughfare Gap, but General Sheridan must defend it beyond. To put it in operation within the time specified, I will require working parties all along the road at the same time.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Woodstook, Va., September 23, 1864-8 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point:

I cannot as yet give you any definite account of the results of the battle of yesterday; our loss will be light. General Crook struck the left flank of the enemy, doubled it up, advancing down along their line. Ricketts' division, of the Sixth Army Corps, swung in and joined Crook, Getty's and Wheaton's divisions taking up the same movement, followed by the whole line, and, attacking beautifully, carried the works of the enemy. The rebels threw down their arms and fled in the greatest confusion, abandoning most of their artillery. It was dark before the battle ended. I pursued on after the enemy during the night to this point, with the Sixth and Nineteenth Army Corps, and have stopped here to rest the men and issued rations. If General Torbert has pushed down the Luray Valley, according to my directions, he will achieve great result. I do not think that there ever was an army so badly routed. The Valley soldiers are hiding away and going to their homes. I cannot at present give you any estimate of prisoners. I pushed on regardless of everything. The number of pieces of artillery reported capture is sixteen.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 23, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Strasburg, Va.:

I have just received the news of your second great victory, and ordered 100 guns in honor of it. Keep on, and your work will cause the fall of Richmond.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

