
WOODSTOCK, VA., September 23, 1864-10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I have the honor to request the promotion of Brevet Major-General Crook to the full rank of major-general. His good conduct, and the good conduct of his command, turned the tide of battle in our favor both at Winchester and Fisher's Hill. I also respectfully ask the promotion of Colonel I. H. Duval, of the Ninth Virginia Volunteer Infantry, commanding a division of General Crook's command. Colonel Duval was wounded in the battle at Winchester. These promotions are meritorious.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Forwarded to the Secretary of War, with a request that these promotions be made.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, September 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

May I come and see you at City Point?

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, September 23, 1864.

Major-General HUNTER,

Washington:

Certainly you can. Come and see me here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 23, 1864.

Captain LEET:

Scouts returned this morning from agent at Falmouth, and report that Kershaw's division, while on their way east (after leaving Early's command), on the 19th instant met a body of our cavalry near Rapidan Station and drove them to the north side of the river. This division was undoubtedly on the march to Richmond, and the general supposition is that Early's whole force will fall back on that place. The agent confirms the reported death of Generals Rodes and Gordon. Cars are now running on the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad as far north as Hamilton's Crossing. Agent also reports that the enemy have a large quantity of stores at Gordonsville. Flour is selling at $ 4 per pound, and there is considerable talk through the country in regard to the abandonment of Petersburg. It is generally supposed that the scarcity of provisions and high prices will soon compel the enemy to fall back from his present line of defense.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.

