
pitals, and people say Early was badly beaten and cannot make a stand till he gets to Port Republic. They fear a movement through Luray or Page Valley. Though, from the fact that the trains of the troops which were in our front yesterday went by Woodstock and New Market, they will probably make a vigorous defense. All the pickets say the enemy had infantry yesterday at Milford, and the people of the country have a report that Kershaw was ordered back and had arrived at Milford. There is no proof that this is so. In the fight yesterday Colonel Wells reports he heard the enemy in the woods giving commanded, "load," "fire," &amp;c., not usual in cavalry. Five thousand infantry in Page Valley, either at Gooney Run, Milford, or Luray, and doubtless many other places, could hold it against 40,000 men. There is a pretty fair cavalry road on this side of South Fork to Luray, crossing river at Brushy Bottom, six eight miles from Luray; impracticable for wagons, or nearly so. We are entirely out of provisions, horses worked down, and very little in the country. What is news?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, September 23, 1864-3 p. m.

General WILSON:

GENERAL: In pursuance of the inclosed dispatch* from General Sheridan, the chief of cavalry directs that you move with your command as quickly as possible across the river at McCoy's Ford, and march to the position we halted in last night, where he will join you with the First Division. General Torbert think you had better send your battery back to Strasburg, with as small an escort as possible, where it may join some of the army trains; also send with it all your dismounted men, and let them remain with it until further orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, Buckton, September 23, 1864-5.15 p. m.

Major-General TORBERT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: We have been waiting orders. Come over here and stay to-night. Martin's battery is here waiting for Merritt. What must be done with it? Please send orders by Mr. Mayell.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, September 23, 1864.

The following dispatch, just received from Strasburg, is published for the information of the command:

STRASBURG, September 23, 1864.

Major-General TORBERT,

Commanding:

I have just reached here. General Sheridan has gone on the Woodstock with the army; great victory here last night; a large number of guns captured from the

---------------

*See Forsyth to Torbert, 9.30 a.m., p. 156.

---------------

