
enemy, fifteen or twenty in all; immense number of prisoners taken. This information is given me by Lieutenant Nolan, Sixth Cavalry, who is just from headquarters. Their army is in full retreat. Colonel Devin is in advance, following them up rapidly. His guns have been heard this morning. Our trains have all gone up the Valley.

GEO. B. SANFORD,

Aide-de-Camp.

By command of Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, September 23, 1864-1.45 p. m.

General GEORGE, H. CHARMAN,Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: The general directs that you call in all the pickets at the ford (McCoy's), and order the regiment to remain for the present at passage of creek, about two miles from here, on the road we traveled on this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L . SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 33. In the Field, September 23, 1864.

In accordance with Special Orders, No. 41, headquarters Middle Military Division, of this date, I hereby relinquish the command of this division. In doing so I request the officers and men to accept my sincered thanks for the uniform obedience and respect they have shown to my orders, and the personal kindness they have always extended to myself. I shall never forget, my comrades, what I owe to you. Whatever of reputation or rank I have gained during the last year was given to me by this command. Since the 1st of May we have twenty battles attest the devotion with you have done your duty; and 7 battle-flags, 13 cannon, and over 1,500 prisoners captured from the enemy exhibit some of the results of your work. My associations with you will hereafter be among my most cherished memories; and I shall read the record of your deeds from day to day with eager interest. My regret in severing the ties that behind us is somewhat lessened by the knowledge that I am leaving you in the hands of that tried and trusty soldier, Colonel W. H. Powell, in whom the utmost confidence may be placed. I would rather serve in your ranks than leave you, but I am only permitted to say farewell.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brevet Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, September 23, 1864-2.40 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Sheridan has again beaten the enemy at Fisher's Hill, capturing sixteen guns and many prisoners. This is, in all probability, the finale of General Early.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

