
established at Martinsburg as soon as possible. I am placed in command at Martinsburg, and have not adequate force. Can one or two regiments of troops fit for depot duty be ordered to report to me at once?

THOS. H. NEILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding at Martinsburg.

CAMDEN STATION, [September] 23, 1864.

Major-General KELLEY:

Our workmen are pressing rapidly from Van Clevesville toward Martinsburg. I judge from our advices that Mr. Porter's action is also effective from the west. General Sheridan in pursuing his successes is requiring his men at the front, and guards have therefore not been sent with our construction forces from Harper's Ferry. Can you thrown your guards east to aid in covering our workmen against any roving guerrillas that may lurk in the vicinity of Martinsburg? Such action will be beneficial in assuring the rapid completion of the road. We hope to have the route in full operation on Monday next, if sufficient military protection is furnished.

J. W. GARRETT.
HEADQUARTERS KANAWHA FORCES, Charleston, September 23, 1864.

Captain BOTSEFORD,Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. Of West Virginia, Harper's Ferry:

From a scouting party just returned toward Lewisburg I have the following report:

General Echols is collecting all the forces he can for the purpose of making a raid in this valley; that he has between 1,500 and 2,000 men. General Echols sent in a flag of truce to me with eighty-seven refugees. I followed the flag back, and learned that and considerable body of rebels are at Lewisburg and one regiment of cavalry this side.

An undoubted loyal man, who comes in with the refugees, confirms this statement. This man is a member of the H. of A. The regiment of cavalry sent to me is dismounted, and over 200 unarmed.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS KANAWHA FORCES, Charleston, September 23, 1864.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,Northern Department, Columbus:

Information, which I believe reliable, received from my front, indicates General Echols preparing for a raid into this valley. My force is small-but one effective regiment. The rebel force will not exceed 2,000 men. If the regiment stationed at Gallipolis could be held in readiness to re-enforce me if I needed it, I am certain I could whip them off. I am so far from Major-General

Crook, and communication with him being very difficult, that I telegraph you direct. Echols is reported to be at Lewisburg.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

11 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

