
CLARKSBURG, September 23, 1864.

Brevet Major-General KELLEY:

The picket, consisting of some twenty men, at Burnt House, on Shaver's Fork, was attacked this morning at 4 o'clock, and captured. Particulars not know yet at Beverly.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 82. Baltimore, September 23, 1864.

Captain Oliver Matthews, assistant adjutant-general volunteers, having reported at these headquarters, in obedience to paragraph 38, Special Orders 309, Adjutant-General's Office, September 19, 1864, is announced as on the staff of the major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Wallance:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 23, 1864-9 p.m.

Governor CURTIN:

Yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock Major-General Sheridan attacked the rebel forces under General Early, entrenched in a strong position on Fisher's Hill, a short distance south of Strasburg, and after a fierce struggle the rebel army was completely rounded. General Sheridan reports that his forces achieved a most signal victory, and that the enemy fled in the utmost confusion; that only darkens saved the whole of Early's army from destruction. At 11.30 o'clock last night Sheridan's army had pursued the rebels to within six miles of Woodstock.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Two Miles from Edenburg, September 24, 1864-6 p. m. (Received 25th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Commanding Armies of the United States:

The result of the battle of Fisher's Hill gives us 20 pieces of artillery, 1,100 prisoners of war, a large amount of artillery ammunition, caissons, limbers, &amp;c. Early expected to stay at Fisher's Hill, and had placed all his artillery ammunition behind the breast-works. A large amount of entrenching tools, small-arms, and debris were also taken; no accurate list received. I have been disappointed in the cavalry operations which were to have formed a part of this battle. My advance was near Mount Jackson last night. The whole army is now moving forward. The country and small towns through this valley have a great many of the enemy's wounded.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

