
SIX MILES SOUTH OF NEW MARKET, September 24, 1864-11.30 p. m. (Received 26th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I have the honor to report that I drove the enemy from Mount Jackson to six miles beyond New Market without being able to bring on an engagement. The enemy moved rapidly. I had no cavalry present to hold them. General Torbert attacked Wickham's men at Luray, and captured 100 prisoners. I have found rebel hospitals in all the towns from Winchester up to this place, all containing a number of wounded. I am now eighty miles from Martinsburg, and find it exceedingly difficult to supply this army. The engagements of Winchester and Fisher's Hill broke up my original plan of pushing up the Valley with a certain amount of supplies and then returning. There is not sufficient in the Valley to line off the country. I should have mentioned some days ago that Kershaw's division left for Richmond about the 16th or 17th of September. When I last heard form it it was at Sperryville. It is reported to me that it has returned to the Valley. No other troops have left Early, either of cavalry or infantry. Breckinridge has gone in person to command to Department of the Southwest.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., September 24, 1864. (Received 7.45 p. m.)

Brigadier General J. K. BARNES,

Surgeon-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., September 24, 1864. (Received 7.45 p. m.)

Brigadier General J. K. BARNES,

Surgeon-General:

I sent yesterday 700 wounded to Sandy Hook hospital. There are still 3,800 here, including 700 rebels. I learn that more wounded men are on their was to this place from the front. I must send to Harper's Ferry the slightly wounded as rapidly as possible. A tent hospital of 1,800 beds is now organized here. I have assigned Surgeon Shields, First Delaware Cavalry, to duty as medical purveyor, and directed him to make requisitions on Surgeon Cox for some additional articles required. I would suggest that precautions be taken to prevent overcrowding at Sandy Hook.

J. H. BRINTON,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, New Market, Va., September 24, 1864.

Corps commanders will have their commands in readiness to march at 6 a. m. to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

