
town, leaving me seven companies to guard the river, which is now falling and is now fordable, and for other duty cannot place over five companies on picket on river, which will be headily more than enough for a line of vedettes. Can't I have my other battalion?

Respectfully,

JOHN M. WAITE,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Near Fort Buffalo, Va., September 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In reply to the communication of the major-general commanding of 10.15 p. m. of to-night,* I have the honor to inform you that I will endeavor to send an escort of 600 men. I deem that this is the least possible number that should go, since their routed is through Manassas Gap, Front Royal, &amp;c. Should this force be sent it would require to replace them here at least 200 men. I should like one company of infantry, in addition to the three companies of cavalry which are to be sent from Forts Reno and Ethan Allen, and Alexandria, as it is probable that their untied effective strength is not over 150 men. I have notified the superintendent of military railroads that the escort will be ready this afternoon, the 24th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteen New York Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS, September 24, 1864.

Colonel H. M. LAZELLE,Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of this date I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that inasmuch as General Sheridan has driven, by his complete and decisive victory near Strasburg, the enemy entirely south of the Manassas Gap Railroad, an escort of 500 men is deemed sufficient with which to make the reconnaissance proposed.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Near Fort Buffalo, Va., September 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that Colonel Gansevoort, Thirteenth Regiment New York Volunteer Cavalry, left this evening, with about 500 men and the engineer, for the examination of the

---------------

*See 23rd, p. 155.

---------------

