
Manassas Gap Railroad. Since my report to you of the 21st instant concerning the scout to the Rapidan, five men brave come in, one of then wounded, reducing our loss to 22 men and 1 officer. I have made careful inquiries concerning the conduct of certain officers, and am certain that I cannot, without much hesitation, present names of officers for censure to your headquarters. All have a multiplicity of excuses, some circumstances in which are partially confirmed by reports of others. Certain it is, however, that Major George B. Bosworth, Sixteenth Regiment New York Volunteer Cavalry, in command of the advance guard, was sent two orders, one to move to his relight to a position to join me and the second to halt. Neither of these orders were explicitly obeyed, or only partially and but for a moment. On arriving at the ford and finding no enemy there he did not halt for the rest of the command, notwithstanding that he was not pursued. The following named officers left their companies and went ahead with ten advance guard,joining Major Bosworth: Lieutenant H. P. Field, Sixteenth Regiment New York Volunteers Cavalry; Lieutenant Larned, Sixteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry; and in my opinion the conduct of more than half the officers with the command is deserving of the severest censure in not controlling and giving orders to their men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Near Fort Buffalo, Va., September 24, 1864.

Major G. G. HORTON,Sixteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry:

The colonel commanding directs that you have a party of ninety-two men and complement of officers, including Captain McPherson's company, ready to leave this camp t 4 p. m. this day, with three days' rations and forage on the saddle. Each troops must be provided with thirty rounds of carbine and four packages of pistol ammunition, and the horses well shod before starting; also that you prepare to go with the party additional rations and forage in wagons sufficient to supply for two days a party of 150 men, the weight being so divided that no wagon will have to carry more than 2,500 pounds weight. An extra supply of ammunition will also be taken in the wagons (at least ten rounds of carbine per man), and extra fore and hind shoes for the horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN Y. LANSING,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Near Falls Church, Va., September 24, 1864.

Colonel H. S. GANSEVOORT,

Thirteenth Regiment New York Volunteer Cavalry:

COLONEL: You will proceed with the escort of 500 men under your command to escort Mr. Bartram, the engineer sent to make an examination of the Manassas Gap Railroad. Everything else will be subor-

