
dinate to this object, but the capture and destruction of the enemy, or his property, so far as may be presented to your opportunities, will be carried on. The route and the distance to be traveled to reach the farthest point desired have all been presented to Major-General Augur, and in his opinion the force under your command (500 men) is deemed sufficient. You will accordingly complete the survey as far as may be desired, unless prevented by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, New Market, September 24, 1864.

Colonel EDWARDS,Commanding U. S. Forces, Winchester:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you send forward without delay (on the receipt of this communication) the supply train now at Winchester, containing four days' rations, &amp;c., for this army. You will detail an escort from the troops at

Winchester. The commanding officer of the escort will be held responsible for the safety of the train. I have to inform you, in this connection, that 5,000 troops arrived yesterday and to-day at Harper's Ferry, en route to Winchester. This supply train must be started without fail on the receipt of this note, and should be pushed forward to this command rapidly.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, September 24, 1864-8 p. m.

General MERRITT:

Yours* just received. I have not determined definitely which road I shall go, over the mountain or up the valley. If up the valley, I will use both roads. I hope to hear from the army some time to-night.

Yours, &c.,A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, September 24, 1864-9 p. m.

General MERRITT:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry directs that your command be held in readiness to move at 5.30 to-morrow. Have your dismounted men assembled at your headquarters under charge of an officer to be sent to New Market; also your prisoners, if any, not yet turned over to the provost-marshal at these headquarter. Those now with him will also be sent to your headquarters and be sent to New Market at the same time.

Very respectfully, &c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

