
defeat a campaign. If you will allow me I should like to submit my opinion of the true avenue of supply-economizing transportation and at the same time holding the entire country free from the predatory bands of Mosby and others.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, September 24, 1864. (Received 8 p. m.)

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners:

One thousand three hundred and eighty enlisted men and 117 officers have arrived; 800 enlisted men sent to Point Lookout; 580 will be sent to same destination to-morrow. As soon as enlisted are sent off the officers will be sent to Fort Delaware.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES WEST OF PIEDMONT, &amp;C., Clarksburg, W. Va., September 24, 1864.

Lieutenant C. A. FREEMAN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.:

LIEUTENANT: I this evening received a telegram from Lieutenant-Colonel Youart, in answer to inquiries about the capture of the picket-post at Burnt House. He says:

The rebels that captured the picket-post at Burnt House took to the mountains in great haste. Captain J. K. Furrow, in command of the pickets. The rebels came through the mountains, slipped by all the pickets that were on duty, got into camp, and took it by surprise. The rebels took with them twenty-three horses and equipments.

Prior to receiving the general's telegram of the 23rd instant from Oakland, I had advised all my outposts of the capture, with instructions to be on ten alert.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding, &c.

HEADUAQRTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, New York City, September 24, 1864.

Major General JOHN C. ROBINSON, U. S. Army,

Commanding, &c.:

The major-general commanding the department directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd instant reporting your arrival at Alabany and asking for special orders, &c. I am directed to inform you that no special orders have been received from Washington as to your duties, which are those of a commander of a military district. The usual reports and returns will be forwarded by you to these headquarters.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

