
BUNKER HILL, September 2, 1864-10 p. m.

(Via Martinsburg. Received Oakland 11.20 a. m. 3rd.)

Major-General KELLEY:

Early retreated this morning toward Winchester. I am on his heels. I have whipped Vaughn's cavalry, captured all his train which was not burned, and taken two battle-flags. He has no artillery. I have cut off Imboden.

WM. W. AVARELL,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, September 2, 1864.

Lieutenant LEONARD,

Acting Assistant Quartermaster, Duffie's Div., Hancock, Md.,

The straggles and convalescents of the army in the field, about 1,400 in number, will leave here this a. m. en route to Harper's Ferry. They are without any means of carrying rations. The general wishes, if possible, that you turn over to their quartermaster sufficient teams to transport there days' rations, and other will be furnished you here if required.

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York, September 2, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Last week General Hays, provost-marshal-general, addressed a communication to these headquarters, stating that he expected violent resistance to the draft, and that 10,000 good troops would be required for the prompt execution of the la in this division. He has this day reiterated these views in strong terms. August 29 General Dix addressed the Department respecting the letter of General Hays, and said:

With the information in my possession, as well as from indications which have occurred under my observation, I deem it hazardous to commence the draft without a force of from 8,000 to 10,000 men.

The information of General Sandford only corroborate the views of General Dix and Hays, who have been a long while. Sandford does not think his troops can be relied upon to the extent that we have believed. There is no alarm here. General Dix is at Quogue, and has been telegraphed.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

NEW YORK, September 2, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The following communication has just been received:

NEW YORK, September 2, 1864.

Major-General PECK:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Sandford to inform you that he has reliable information which satisfies him that should the order for the draft be not

2 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

