
NEW YORK, September 24, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Detroit, Mich.:

All quiet here.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

TROY, N. Y., September 24, 1864.

Hon E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Many thanks for your telegram announcing last evening another glorious victory of the gallant and distinguished General Sheridan. Its effect is electric among the people. A few more such blows will accomplish the object which McClellan and the traitorous leaders of the Chicago convention say they seek, but the a different process-the surrender of the States to Jeff. Davis and his Government.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 24, 1864-2 p. m. (Received 6.55 p. m.)

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Woodstock, Va.:

Send either Torbert or Wilson to report to Sherman to command his cavalry. Reports by telegraph which you send. Sherman is absolutely without a man who can command cavalry.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HARRISONBURG, September 24, 1864-11.30 p. m. (Received 27th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.;

I pressed the enemy hard yesterday; at the same time pushed forward Colonel Powell's cavalry through Timberville, and struck the Valley pike in his rear. This latter movement stampeded him so badly that late last evening he gave up Valley pike and stuck off toward Keezletown and Port Republic, leaving the entire Valley way free. All my infantry arrived at Harrisonburg at 4 p. m. to-day. Colonel Powell's cavalry reached Month Crawford to-night. Torbert's cavalry overtook me this evening. Its operations in the Luray Valley, on which I calculated so much, were an entire failure. They were held at Mildford by two small brigades of Fitz Lee's cavalry, and then fell back toward Front Royal until after they had learned of our success at Fishers' Hill. They then proceeded up the valley again, encountering the enemy's cavalry near Harrisonburg yesterday; captured and burned nine wagons. I find at his place 450 wounded. I am now ninety-four miles from Martinsburg and 104 miles from Harper's Ferry. I will send a column of cavalry to Staunton to-morrow morning, and will probably follow the enemy in the direction of Port Republic with

