
the infantry. Every hour brings me additional information of the demoralization of Early's army. Reports late this evening say that he is moving toward Charlottesville. Other reports are that he is going to Waynesborough. The part that I expected the cavalry to accomplish at Fisher's Hill was a complete failure. I have relived Averell from his command. Instead of following the enemy when he was broken at Fisher's Hill, so that there was not a cavalry organization left, he went into camp, and let me pursue the enemy for a distance of fifteen miles with infantry during the night. Early burned quite a number of wagons on his way up the Valley. He also abandoned two caissons on the Keezletown road not far from this place.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

MUDDLY BRANCH, MD., September 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your dispatch directing Major Brown's command to move to-day was not received until this a. m. Have sent him the order and cavalry to relieve his pickets. He sends word he is getting his command together and issuing clothing just come. Will see he moves the earliest moment possible to-night or to-morrow morning.

Respectfully,

JNO. M. WAITE,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, New Market, September 25, 1864.

Major-General WRIGHT,Commanding Sixth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you push on with your own and the Nineteenth Army Corps as far as Harrisonburg. You will have charge of the front until the arrival of General Sheridan. General Crook' command will follow you. Colonel Powell, with a division of cavalry, is on your right flank and was last night five miles from Harrisonburg. He burnt nine of the enemy's wagons.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Harrisonburg, Va., September 25, 1864.

Major-General WRIGHT,Commanding Sixth Corps:

GENERAL: I am very much obliged to you for the section of artillery you lent me yesterday. It is my duty as well as a great pleasure to express to you my sense of the very good conduct of Lieutenant Van Etten, commanding, who handled his battery very handsomely and effectively under a heavy fire in an advanced position.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding

