
from Winchester were attacked by Mosby's men, fired upon, and all but Lieutenant Gilman killed or made prisoners; he escaped by returning to Winchester. It was just dark as they started from Winchester. In looking for the party in the morning, not knowing then what had become of them, although I heard a rumor in Winchester that a party of officers were captured by some of Mosby's men the night before, and also two sutler wagons destroyed, I found myself left by the escort, and come on to Harper's Ferry alone, unmolested, and reported to General Stevenson. From Harper's Ferry I came with my horses to Camp Stoneman; found Lieutenant Gilman here.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORATIO McINTIRE,

Second Lieutenant, First New Hampshire Cavalry.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Camp Stoneman, D. C., September 27, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

From the report of this officer and Lieutenant Gillman's report previously forwarded, it appears that Major Fry, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Captain Brown, Lieutenants Stone and Pressey, First New Hampshire Cavalry, have been either killed or captured by guerrillas, in consequence of Major Fry disobeying orders and proceeding from Winchester toward Harper's Ferry ahead of the escort.

W. GAMBLE,Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Division.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS, September 28, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army in connection with report upon the seam subject previously forwarded by Lieutenant Gilman, First New Hampshire Cavalry.

C. C. AUGUR,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Near Fort Buffalo, Va., September 26, 2864.

Captain J. SCHNEIDER,

Commanding at Annandale:

CAPTAIN: As soon as an opportunity offers, I wish you to send out at night a dismounted party of a few men, with a carefully officer, to the house of Mrs. Dicknes, living on the Ravensworth road next Mrs. Fitzehugh's place, and have her house searched. She is reported as having frequent visitors from Mosby's gang and Kincheloe's, and that they are entertained there. Do the same thing to the house of an Irishman who lives on an takes care of Mr. Moran's place; also the same thing to the house of Mr. Seaton, who lives on the Fairfax road. Take away the passes from all these people if they have them. I wish you to send at night parties to search for guerrillas and examine houses at any time when you think it should be done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry, Comdg. Brigade.

