HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,Commanding Sixth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you send in, with as little delay as possible, the names of officers who have particularly distinguished themselves during the late engagements, and who are worthy and deserving of promotion on that account.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. KINBSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Emory, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps; Major-General Crook, commanding Army of West Virginia, Eighth Corps.)
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADIER, DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Winchester, Va., September 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. FORSYTH,Chief of Staff, Headquarters Middle Military Division:

COLONEL: I have the honor to herewith forward what is supposed to be the signal flag formerly used at the headquarters of General Fitzhugh Lee, captured by the Forty-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers. The two commissioned officers who had charge of the detachment of cavalry, reported in my communication* of yesterday as having been attacked by the enemy, and seven enlisted men, have returned. They were entirely cut off from their command, and pursued as fare as Charlestown. There are now but twenty-four out of the detachment of forty-six that are unaccounted for. All the rebel officers who arrived from the front with the prisoners on Saturday were dispatched on the day following, under charge of the Eighty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, September 26, 1864.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,Commanding Nineteenth Corps:

GENERAL: My attention has been called to a letter published in the Baltimore American and the New York Herald, professing to give a description of the battle of Opequon, fought on the 19th instant, in which it was stated in effect that through some misconception of orders on your part your corps was delayed at least two hours in coming up, thereby rendering the successes of that day less complete than they must otherwise have been. As you were directed to report to me with your command previous to crossing the Opequon, and received orders from me during the day, it becomes incumbent on me to contradict the statement alluded to. According to the order of march you were to

---------------

*See Part I, p. 183.

---------------

