
follow the artillery and trains of the Sixth Corps, and when the head of my column reached to pike it was met by yours, which was there halted, by my order, to permit my command to pass. That you moved up as rapidly as practicable after it had been decided to park the trains on the east side of the Opequon, instead of taking them across, I have had no reason to doubt; nor is there the slighted doubt that your command passed the trains and moved forward through the defile by which the battle-ground was reached as rapidly as infantry could be moved. As an act of justice to yourself and corps, I have brought the matter to the notice of the major-general commanding this army, and take pleasure in saying that he will effectually correct the misstatement in his next dispatches to Lieutenant-General Grant.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST INFANTRY DIVISION, ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA, Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

Captain P. G. BIER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In obedience to your request of this date to send to your headquarters the names of such officers of my command "who have particularly distinguished themselves during the late engagements, and who are worthy and deserving of promotion," I beg leave to report as follows:

With very few exceptions all did nobly and splendidly, and all are deserving, but the following named parties were most conspicuous for their zeal, daring, and ability: first, Colonel T. M. Harrison, Tenth West Virginia Infantry, commanding Third Brigade; second, Colonel George D. Wells, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding First Brigade; third, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas F. Wildes, commanding First Virginia Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, second, Colonel George D. Wells, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding First Brigade; third, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas F. Wildes, commanding One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteers; fourth, Major H. W. Pratt, commanding Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, severely wounded at Fisher's Hill; fifth, First Lieutenant O. P. Boughner, adjutant Tenth West Virginia Infantry, and acting assistant adjutant-general Third Brigade, wounded at Winchester; sixth, First Lieutenant George Macomber, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, and acting assistant inspector-general of my staff; seventh, First Lieutenant H. H. Hornbrook, First West Virginia Infantry, and aide-de-camp upon my staff.

I would like to enumerate many others, but too many names might frustrate the object aimed at in your request.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. THOBURN,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST INFANTRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Harrisonburg, Va., September 26, 1864.

Captain P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in the charge made by the Army of West Virginia on Fisher's Hill on the the 22nd instnt, two battle-

