
cavalry, and artillery, and of such strength as to render it impracticable to make further attack this evening. Cavalry alone cannot operate successfully against him. I will remain here to-nothing.

Very respectfully,

W. H. POWELL,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., September 26, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Sheridan at last accounts had pushed on the Mount Jackson. The rear guard of the rebels attempted a stand at Mount Jackson, but were readily driven. They were trying to make a stand at Hood's [Rude's] Hill, three miles beyond Mount Jackson, but the general thought it would not be formidable. It seems that Sheridan captured 19 pieces of artillery at Fisher's Hill-that number being just reported as arrived by the officer in charge. The number of prisoners I cannot definitely ascertain. Some 1,300 had arrived at Winchester. Twelve hundred wounded arrived from front last night, making total number received here 2,196. A train of 400 wagons has arrived for supplies. I shall send out to-morrow 500 wagons for front, with subsistence stores and forage. i have sent to Winchester 102 wagons and 30 ambulances with medical stores, including 3,000 blankets from quartermaster's stores, all of which are in Winchester. I get no definite information of Torbert. It was known at headquarters that he had encountered Kershaw's division on its return to Early, but nothing was know of the result.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., September 26, 1864-10.20 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Chapman, just arrived from front, reports that General Sheridan left New Market yesterday morning (Sunday); that advance of army was five miles ahead, pushing for Harrisonburg with utmost dispatch, and had been joined by Torbert's cavalry through Luray Gap. Torbert encountered the main body of rebel cavalry between Front Royal and Luray Court-House, the enemy retiring up Luray Valley, losing some 72 prisoners; Torbert going through gap and joining Sheridan at New Market, pushing immediately forward to take the advance of the army. To-night Sheridan is undoubtedly at Harrisonburg. The enemy were still in the utmost disorder, having only nine pieces of artillery as they passed through New Market. In their trains they have 1,700 wounded from the Winchester fifth. Our men are in best of spirits. They say that Sheridan is the bearer of peace propositions to Jeff. Davis. General Chapman rode on horseback ninety miles. His wound is not very serious. I send to army in the morning a wagon train of 500 wagons with supplies.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

