
HARPER'S FERRY, September 26, 1864. (Received 1.48 p. m.)

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Orders, No. 251, have forced me to dissolve all my general courts-martial at his post. Upon taking command I found the guard-house filled with prisoners; some of them confined for six mounts and longer without trail. I want to cure this manifest evil with a command of 12,000 men. Because it is a mixed command and declared a district, I can do nothing until Major-General Crook, in the field, not accessible, shall declare my command a separate brigade. Cannot this order by special order be suspended in this district for thirty days? In that time I shall clean out the prison.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, September 27, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Judge-Advocate-General.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE, September 28, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

As General Orders, No. 252, did not legalize the practice which to some extend had obtained of organizing general courts-martial where the command was a mixed one and not declared a separate brigade, but, on the contrary, announced by implication that such practice was unwarranted and should be discontinued, it does not appear that anything in the direction of General Stevenson's wishes would be gained by a suspension of the order. His authority, after such suspension, to convene a general court in the absence of an order constituting his command a separate brigade would have no more legal foundation than it has at present.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

BALTIMORE, September 26, 1864. (Received 11.50 p. m.)

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry:

Owing to the manifestations of rebel sympathy by citizens here for prisoners arriving, I have ordered that upon arrival they be conducted at once to Fort McHenry, there to remain until transportation can be furnished to proceed, so as to avoid the people.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General of Volunteers.

