
too much extended, and he directs that you withdraw your command to-night or before daylight in the morning to this side of Berryville, connecting with Major-General Emor's left, your left extending well over the Berryville pike and passing near the intersection of said pike and the Submit Point road. In this position the line will be short, compact, easily re-enforced, and upon very good ground.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Near Summit Point Pike, September 3, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier General A. T. A. TORBERT, Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that a strong force of the enemy moved down of the Winchester and Berryville pike this evening and attacked General Crook; the evident intention was to cut you off. They were repulsed by General Cook. The major-general commanding directs that on the receipt of this dispatch you come in with command. You will pot lose any time in making this move. If you can get into Berryville before daylight come on the road that moved out on, watching well the Millwood pike, as the enemy may attempt to cut off. If you cannot reach Berryville before daylight, you must come in to the easter of the place, and will connect with the left of General Cook's command. You will find General Sheridan at on near Berryville.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Millwood, Va., September 3, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General TORBERT, Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: Colonel Benjamin, of the Eight New York Cavalry, has just received from a reconnaissance to Nineveh. He reports that having arrived at that place he went with the main body of his regiment toward Newtown, sending a party toward Front Royal, met no force of the enemy; saw a few mounted men, but no large bodies of the rebels, and no evidence whatever of any recent movement on their part in any direction. About three miles from Newton he saw and conversed with a Mr. Good, who had the protection of General Merritt, and called himself a loyal man. Mr. Good has just come from a visit to a friend living within one mile of Newton. This friend had told him there was no movement of the enemy up the Valley, and had been none, but, to the country, Early was still between Winchester and Bunker Hill. Colonel Benjamin says this view was strengthened in his own mind by all the evidence he could obtain bearing upon the subject. Lieutenant Yard, of my staff, in returning from your headquarters, saw the reflection of quite a number of camp-rifles in the direction of Winchester. Captain Boice has not returned yet. He will doubles bring conclusive information in regard to the enemy's whereabouts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

