
WHEELING, W. VA., September 27, 1864. (Received 1.20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Colonel Wilkinson, at Clarksburg, reports a considerable force of rebels at Weston, twenty-three miles from the railroad. He has no sufficient force to protect Government stores at Clarsburg or to protect the railroad. The Seventh Regiment, of new recruits, left here this morning to join General Crook. Cannot they be ordered to report to Colonel Wilkinson temporarily for duty? They have not yet reached Grafton. Please answer immediately.

A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 27, 1864.

Governor BOREMAN,

Wheeling:

General Kelley has been authorized to stop the Seventeenth Regiment if he deems it necessary for the security of Clarksburg.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, September 27, 1864. (Received 4 p. m.)

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

You can stop the Seventeenth Regiment if you deem it necessary for the security of Clarsburg.

H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND, September 27, 1864.

Captain P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Wilkinson reports that Weston, Lewis Country, was occupied yesterday evening by a mounted rebel force of 600 men, and that the telegraph to Buckhannon ceased to work about the same time. On the morning of the 25th instant the picket of twenty-five men of the Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry at the Burnt House, in Randolph Country, were surprised and captured with their horses, arms, and equipments. I have requested Colonel Waynkoop, commanding General Duffie's division, to send what force he has armed and mounted to Clarksburg, which, however, is only about 100 men I have also requested the Governor to send all of the Seventeenth West Virginia Infantry now at Wheeling who are armed and equipped to the assistance of Colonel Wilkinson.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Cumberland, September 27, 1864.

Colonel J. E. WYNKOOP,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: The general commanding requests that your order the armed and equipped portion of your command to proceed without delay

