SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 241. Baltimore, September 27, 1864.

* * * *

6. Colonel Benjamin F. Peach, Eighth Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, will proceed with his regimental staff to Camp Bradford, the general rendezvous for Maryland and Delaware, and assume command of the rendezvous and the companies of his regiment station there. This order subject to the approval of the Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 27, 1864.

Major T. L. CASEY,

Corps of Engineers, Portland, Me.:

Proceed without delay to Sandusky, Ohio, and, with Captain Tardy, design defenses for that locality. Special instructions have been sent to the post-office at Sandusky, to your address, by mail.

RICHD. DELAFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Engineers.

CITY POINT, VA., September 28, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Richmond Whig of this morning contains the following:

CHARLOTTESVILLE, September 28, 1864.

The fight near Port Republic on Monday was an engagement between our cavalry and that of the enemy. They came over the river, and were driven back three miles by our cavalry to and across the river. The enemy's cavalry entered Staunton about 8 p. m. on Monday. A force appeared at Waynosborough about 9 o'clock this morning, and then went back about one mile from two. No damage has been done up to 4 p. m. The smoke seen indicates that they are burning the railroad track between Christian's Creek and Staunton. There has been no serious fighting up to 4 o'clock this evening.

This dispatch should probably have been dated the 27th, but I give it as given in the Richmond paper.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 28, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Harper's Ferry:

General Grant telegraphs that he expects you will be able to push forward to Staunton or Charlottesville. It that case you can best be supplied by the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, through Culpeper. If not, the railroad to Front Royal should be repaired. The Orange and Alexandria Railroad can be repaired as far as the Rapidan in much the shortest time. Please say which road you prefer.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

