
be placed on it. You will understand that the jurisdiction of your district is extended to Bull Run, including the railroad, its buildings, &amp;c., and immediate vicinity on either side.

Very respectfully, general, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Near Fort Buffalo, Va., September 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that Colonel Gansevoort, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, returned to-day, having been as far as Piedmont. I herewith inclose his report.* The engineer appointed to make the examination of the railroad expressed himself as satisfied with his reconnaissance. I directed Colonel Gansevoort that as he was to pass on his route within half a mile of Jo. Blackwell's house, that he should burn it, as it was notoriously a place of meeting of Mosby's men. The three companies sent here have not yet directed to return, but await your orders concerning them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, September 28, 1864.

Lieut . Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division:

COLONEL: Just before the Sixth Corps left Petersburg for Washington in July, and after passing through the memorable campaign from the Rapidan to the Appomattox, I had the honor of presenting among the names of officers deserving of advancement that of Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, First Rhole Island Light Artillery, for promotion to the rank of brigadier-general. Colonel Tompkins has commanded the Artillery Brigade of this corps, consisting of from eight to twelve batteries, for a long time with distinguished merit, and accompanied the corps to the Valley of Virginia, though one-half of his command was left behind with the Army of the Potomac. On the 13th instant his term of service of three years expired, but, unwilling to leave at a time when a battle was imminent which might have a controlling influence on the results, of the war, he volunteered to remain. The offer was gladly accepted, and Colonel Tompkins has served with his usual zeal and ability through the short but eventful campaign to this time, and still continues his services. At the battle of the Opequon Colonel Tomkins gave, at an eventful moment of the fight, his personal attention to two of his batteries, turning them upon an advancing column of the enemy which had made a serious impression on our lines, and by a rapid and well-directed canister fire under short range aided materially in repulsing the charge . Colonel Tompkins is an accomplished

---------------

*See Part I, p. 618.

---------------

