
artillery officer, excelled by few, if any, in our service, and his general military knowledge renders him competent for an infantry command. If promoted, as I earnestly hope he may be, I should be glad to have him as a commander of an infantry brigade, or as chief of artillery, the responsibilities of which position far exceed, as they do in importance, that of an infantry brigade commander.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, September 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division:

COLONEL: In compliance with orders of the 26th instant, I have the honor to present the names of the following officers in the Sixth corps who "particularly distinguished themselves during the late engagements, and who are worthy and deserving of promotion on that account:"

First. Brigadier General J. B. Ricketts, commanding Third Division, who, at the battle of Fisher's Hill, led his division in the most gallant manner, carrying the works on the enemy's line. I recommend him for the brevet of major-general.

Second. Brigadier General George W. Getty, commanding Second Division, who handled his command in the most skillful and gallant manner on the 19th instant; and again on the 22nd, when his division assaulted and carried the works in the center of the rebel line, charging over ground of the most difficult character. I present his name for the brevet of major-general.

Third. Brigadier General Frank Wheaton, who gallantly commanded the First Brigade, Second Division, on the 19th, and the First Division, to which he had succeeded, on the 22nd.

Fourth. Brigadier General Emory Upton, commanding Second Brigade, First Division on the 19th till the death of General Russell and afterward the division, till he was wounded. His conduct, till forced to leave the field, was most gallant and efficient. He is deserving the brevet of major-general.

Fifth. Colonel O. Edwards, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, in the battle of the 19th till General Upon was wounded, and the division during the remainder of the day. His command was not in the battle of the 22nd, having been left as a guard at Winchester, but his gallant and efficient conduct on the 19th entitles him to the brevet of brigadier-general, for which he is now recommended.

Sixth. Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, who served, as he has always done, with great gallantry in both the battles,and who personally superintended two of the batteries on the 19th, at a critical turning the fire upon the advancing columns of the enemy, and doing much thereby toward securing the successes of the day. He is recommended for the brevet of brigadier-general. The term of service of Colonel Tompkins has expired before the army moved on the 19th instant, but unwilling to leave on the eve of an important battle, he volunteered his services and was gladly accepted. He is earnestly recommended for the brevet of brigadier-general.

