HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Millwood, September 3, 1864-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General TORBERT,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Captain Boice, Fifth New York Cavalry, has just returned from a reconnaissance toward Newton. He reports that moving own the directs road to that place, he met the enemy's picket about one mile and a half beyond the Front Royal pike, and following them up soon came upon an extensive line of rebel skirmishers extending well in toward Wright's Run and showing a strong force. He then turned southward and, leaving the direct Newtown road, succeeded in getting thought the rebel line alone. Posting his men to wait his returned, he approach the camp-fires of the reserves of the rebel line near Stephensburg and listed to the conversation of some officers, by which he learned that they were acquainted with our force and expected a battle to-morrow, saying they had three division to our two. Captain Boice judged front the tenor of their conversation that at least one of the division alluded to is infantry. The regiment on picket was the Ninth Virginia. Captain Boice learned from the blacks that no troops had moved down the Valley pike toward Strasburg. The troops now about Stephensburg left Bunker Hill day before yesterday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,September 3, 1864-1.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General CHAPMAN,

Commanding Second Brigade:

Detach one regiment, with orders to make a reconnaissance of the country about Stony Point or Nineveh, particularly the road from that place to Middletown. Let it march at once till it reaches the Front Royal and Winchester pike, then turn to the south.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS, MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPERS FERRY,Harper's Ferry, september 3, 1864-8.15 a. m.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The enemy are on the move down the Valley. Just received following from Major-General Sheridan:

The enemy are falling back toward Winchester. All our trains are ordered back to be parked at on inside of Bolivar Heights. Avarell attacked and drove Vaughn's cavalry from some point north of Bunker Hill to within six miles of Wichnester, when his advance was stopped by a division of infantry. Avarell captured 209 wagons, 2 battle-flags, a number of prisoners, and a herd of cattle. We move toward Berryville.

General Sheridan moved with his whole army last night pursuit.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

