
Seventh. Colonel J. M. Warner, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, who commanding the Second Brigade, Second Division, on the 19th, and the First Brigade on the 21st and 22nd, with great gallantry and success. He is recommended for the brevet of brigAdier-general.

Eighth. Colonel J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, who led his brigade most gallantly on the 19th and 22nd, particularly on the latter day, when his command was first in the works on the enemy's line. He is recommended for the brevet of brigadier-general.

Ninth. Colonel Josheph E. Hamblin, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, who commanded the Second Brigade, First Division, on the 19th after General Upton assumed command of the division, and also on the 22nd, behaving in a most gallant manner. He is recommended for the brevet of brigadier-general.

Tenth. Colonel Ranald S. Mackenzie, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, whose gallantry in the actions of the 19th and 22nd entitle him to some distinguishing mark of acknowledgement. He is recommended for the brevet of brigadier-general.

The foregoing list is restricted to those recommended for the grade of general officers, and by no means embraces all who by their good conduct in the battles of the 19th and 22nd deserve some mark of recognition from the Government. Should it be determined to reward subordinate officers by brevets, I shall take pleasure in presenting a list of name which shall, as far as practicable, embrace the most distinguished, though where all did so well-where officers and men, almost without exception, did their duty gallantry-it will be no easy matter to discriminate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, September 28, 1864.

The rations issued to the troops last night must be made to last four days from this morning, as it is doubtful whether any more supplies can reach the command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, September 28, 1864.

I. In accordance with orders from headquarters Middle Military Division, the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps will move to-morrow at 5 a. m. to Mount Crawford in the following order: The Nineteenth Corps, Brevet Major-General Emory commanding, on the right of the Staunton pike; the Sixth Corps on the left of the pike-the Second Division on the right, the Third on the left, and the First in reserve. The Second and Third Divisions, formed in two lines, will move by the right of regiments to the front, the front and left flank being well covered by a line of skirmishers. The First Division will follow in the order most convenient. A rifled battery of the Sixth Corps, to be designated

