
by the chief of artillery, will follow the leading battery of the Nineteenth Corps on the pike. The remainder of the Sixth Corps artillery will follow that of the Nineteenth Corps. The ambulances of the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps will follow the artillery of the Sixth in the order named, to be followed by the trains of the two corps in the same order. The pickets of the Sixth Corps will be withdrawn by Colonel Mackenzie, corps officer of the day, in time to rejoin their commands.

II. Lieutenant- Colonel Campbell, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, is detailed as corps officer of the day for to-morrow in place of Colonel Warner, heretofore detailed, and will take charge of the skirmish line to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADIER, FIRST DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,September 28, 1864.

Brigadier General T. H. NEILL,

Commanding Post, Martinsburg:

DEAR SIR: Your favor* of yesterday was fully received and your dispatches for the front duly forwarded. Mosby has a force of about 400 men and one gun; he lurks in the vicinity of Berryville. The medical director has about 2,500 wounded here; they will not bear removal for six weeks-that us, with the exception of about 500. Mosby captured, killed, and wounded thirty-five cavalry out of forty-five that I sent to the Opequon to see about some wounded officers of ours reported there; he attacked with 200 men. I will send from here to-morrow 850 prisoners of war under charge of a strong escort of infantry to you. No news from the front. The last dispatch received, night before last, was dated at Harrisonburg. I will co-operate with you to the extent of my ability. The lieutenant commanding the escort, sent by you yesterday, reports the telegraph line as follows: From Martinsburg to Bunker Hill to Union sixty-one poles standing. About 3 per cent. poles destroyed from Martinsburg to this point. I have taken about 400 stand of arms from the houses of citizens. Can you have my mails, Third Brigade, First Division, Sixth Army Corps, forwarded in a separate bag?

Yours, with respect and esteem,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Harrisonburg, September 28, 1864 - 8 a. m.

Brigadier-General MERRITT,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Your note* received. Reocuppy Port Republic if you can, and by all means open communication with General Torbert. I want you to watch Swift Run Gap; it is very important.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

