
I do not think it amounts to anything. The enemy's pickets were at the stream this a. m., but I find none now. I can learn nothing reliable from the citizens. My skirmish-line is crossing the river. If it cross safely I shall cross one regiment and learn what is on the other side.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. M. SCHOONMAKER,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 28, 1864 - 8 a. m.

General WILSON:

GENERAL: In pursuance of instructions received from the major-general commanding Middle Military Division, you will destroy all hay, grain, or other supplies of use to the enemy, and drive along all stock found on the route of march. This should be done by parties commanded by an officer and large enough to insure their safety against capture by guerrillas.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, September 28, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just heard from General Sheridan six miles beyond Harrisonburg. Dispatches arrived at Winchester yesterday from him at that point for me, were immediately forwarded, but as they have not come to hand must have been captured. If a cavalry force could be sent from Washington with speed to Upperville Mosby could be captured. I have information that I consider reliable that he is in a house in Upperville, too badly wounded to be moved; that the report of his being sent to Richmond is false, intended to divert attention. If I had a force of cavalry to use I should send them at once. All my cavalry is compelled to go to front escorting supplies.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, September 28, 1864.

General STEVENSON:

Can you send me a regiment of good infantry and 100 cavalry? Major-General Kelley says the rebels are threatening us at Clarksburg and Grafton. They occupy Weston and Buckhannon. Am obliged to send a regiment as guard to the train. My force is not adequate to perform all I would like to do for the Government. Please reply at once.

THOS. H. NEILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

