
CAMDEN STATION, September 28, 1864.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Major-General KELLEY:

I hope no disaster is threatening on the opening of our road by the approach of the enemy from Weston and Buckhannon. What about this? Would you please let us have your views? Do you want re-enforcement yet, or are you getting them from the west?

W. P. SMITH.

CUMBERLAND, September 28, 1864 - 10 p. m.

WILLIAM P. SMITH, Esq.,

Camden Station, Baltimore:

Scouts report Buckhannon held by 1,500 rebel, and another portion of the force gone toward Beverly, the whole commanded by General Echols in person.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., September 28, 1864.

Brevet Major-General KELLEY:

The citizen scouts under Major Lang reached Buckhannon at 3 o'clock this morning. About daylight they were surprised and captured, robbed,a nd paroled. Some of them have just reached here, and state that the rebel force at Buckhannon this morning was from 1,500 to 2,000 strong, under Echols, and that Echols paroled them. Three paroled men left Buckhannon at 8 o'clock, and the rebels were still there. The Beverly at 8 this morning. He reports that Colonel Yonart's scouts had just arrive when he left. They reported the enemy within fifteen miles of Beverly with 400 cavalry and 200 infantry, going toward Beverly on Buckhannon road. These statements agree. A large force of the enemy is in the county and I think the place in danger. Major Lang and the most intelligent of his command remained at Buckhannon, not being walking men, I suppose.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel.

ROWLESBURG, W. VA., September 28, 1864.

(Received 6.45 p. m.)

General KELLEY:

Enemy reported north of Philippi; think they are making for road at Newburg of Rowlesburg.

WM. HALL,

Captain.

CUMBERLAND, September 28, 1864.

Captain HALL,

Rowlesburg:

Your telegram received. Put your force in condition to make a good defense it they attack you. I will send some iron-clad cars up the road to-night.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

