
of his regiment from Chambersburg to Pittsburg, Pa., and carry out the instructions which he may receive from Major R. I. Dodge, U. S. Army, and acting assistant provost-marshal-general, Western Division of Pennsylvania. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

2. First Lieutenant S. C. Wiestling, Independent Mounted Company 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed, without delay, by railroad, with his company, from Greencastle to Pittsburg, Pa., and report to Colonel F. Asbury Awl, Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, at that place, for duty. The quartermaster's will furnish the necessary transportation.

3. Captain W. H. Dunbar, Forty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers, and acting chief ordnance officer of the Department of the Susquehanna, will return without delay to the city council of Philadelphia the 20-pounder Parrott guns, caissons, ammunition, harness, implements, &amp;c., which were loaded the United States in July last by said council. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

5. Captain Lewis Degen, commanding Company B, Two hundred and second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed, without delay, with his company, to Chambersburg and relieve Captain William McCarrol, Company B, Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and post commander, and his company as provost guard. Upon being relieved, Captain McCarrol will report with his company to Colonel F. Asbury Awl, Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, for orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 29, 1864 - 9.40 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I hope it will lay no constraint on you, nor do harm anyway, for me to say I am a little afraid lest Lee sends re-enforcement to Early, and thus enables him to turn upon Sheridan.

A. LINCOLN.

DEEP BOTTON, September 29, 1864 - 1.40 p. m.

(Received 3.30 p. m.)

President A. LINCOLN:

Your dispatch just received. I am taking steps to prevent Lee sending re-enforcement to Early by attacking him here. Our advance is now within six miles of Richmond and have captured some very strong inclosed forts, some fifteen or more pieces of artillery and several hundred prisoners. Although I have been at the front, I can give no estimate of our losses. About 600 wounded men, however, have been brought in.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

