
WASHINGTON, September 29, 1864 - 3.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

General Kelley is threatened at Grafton and Clarksburg by a considerable raid under Echols. I have ordered General Stevenson, at Harper's Ferry, to send him re-enforcement. We have but a single small regiment of cavalry here of scouting. Another small one has been out on the line toward Strasburg. It will be sent toward Culpeper immediately on arrival. Everything is ready to open the road as soon as I get definitive information of Sheridan.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., September 29, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

Operations to-day prevented getting Richmond papers, and consequently from hearing of Sheridan. Up to 4 p. m. on Tuesday he was all right. At that time he was engaged burning railroad track between Church's [Christian's] Creek and Staunton. I am satisfied no troops have gone from here against him, and they cannot in the next two day. By that time he will be through and on his way to a position where he can defend and supply himself. Stevenson can, I think, spare troops enough for Kelley. If he cannot, send Stevenson a new regiment or two to defend Harper's Ferry, and let his older troops go to Kelley.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HARRISONBURG, September 29, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

(Received October 2.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

In my last dispatch I informed you that I pressed Early so closely through New Market, at the same time sending cavalry around his flank, that he gave up the Valley and took to the mountains, passing through Brown's Gap. I kept up the pursuit to Port Republic, destroying 75 wagons and 4 caissons. I sent General Torbert, who overtook me at Harrisonburg, to Staunton with wilson's division of cavalry and one brigade of Merritt's. Torbert entered Staunton on the 26th, and destroyed a large quantity of rebel Government property-harness, saddles, small-arms, hard bread, flour, repair shops, &amp;c. He then proceeded to Waynesborough, destroying the iron bridge over the South Branch of the Shenandoah, seven miles of track, the depot buildings, Government tannery, and a large amount of leather, flour, and stores, &c., at that place. He found the tunnel defended by infantry, and retired via Staunton, destroying, accordingly to your original instructions to me. This morning I sent around Merritt's and Custer's divisions, via Piedmont, to burg grain, &c., pursuant to your instructions. My impression is that most of the troops which Early had left passed through

14 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

