HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY,Harper's Ferry, September 3, 1864-9.30 p. m.

(Received 9.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

At 12 o'clock to-day the Sixth Corps had advance as far as Clinton, firing being heard at intervals until about noon, when it ceased. This evening about dusk very heavy cannonading heard in direction of Berryville, continuing for a couple of hours, and finally easing about 8 o'clock. When first heard it sounded very distant, but continued approaching until it seemed to be in the neighborhood and east of Charlestown. To-night we can plainly see camp-fires to Charlestown hood of Charlestown. I have sent a cavalry force to Charlestown to-night. My couriers to the front were driven back this side of Charlestown, supposed to be by Mosby. Shall inform you when anything occurs.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, September 3, 1864.

Captain BIER:

The following dispatch just received:

CHARLESTON, September 3, 1864-10 p. m.

Captain BOTSOFORD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

A force of rebels, estimated 500 strong, an reported on Cotton Mountain. The force is insignificant at any other time than now. I cannot bring more than 200 against them. I would suggest that it troops can be sent, at least two regiments of infantry should be sent to this valley. My force is the Seventh West Virginia Cavalry, employed guarding the entire line.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

W. I. MATHEWS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 3, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Collector Barney reports that his detectives have discovered a plot of the Confederate pirates to capture six Island Sould passenger steamers. The steamer Electric Spark is in an inlet about 150 miles west of Saint John's, Newfoundland, and will soon be in the sound.

There are also two blockade steamers, being fitted at Halifax.

J. J. PECK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 4, 1864-12 noon.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point:

A scout from Gordonsville says that Early was at that place on the 27th on his way from Richmond to withdraw a part of his forces from the Valley to assist in recapturing the Weldon road.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

