
the mountains to Charlottesville. Kershaw's division came to his assistance, and, I think, passed along the west base of the mountain to Waynesborough. The advance of my infantry is at Mount Crawford, eight miles south of Harrisonburg. I will go on and clean out the Valley. I am getting twenty-five to forty prisoners daily, who come in from the mountains on each side and deliver themselves up. From the most reliable accounts, Early's army was completely broken up and is dispirited. It will be exceedingly difficult for me to carry the infantry column over the mountains and strike at the Central road. I cannot accumulate sufficient stores to do so, and think it best to take some position near Front Royal, and operate with the cavalry and infantry. I will, however, stay here for a few days. Kershaw had not reached Richmond, but was somewhere in the vicinity of Gordonsville, when he received orders to rejoin Early. The destruction of the grain and forage from here to staunton will be a terrible blow to them. All the grain, gorge, &amp;c., in the vicinity of Staunton was retained for the use of Early's army; all in the lower part of the Valley was shipped to Richmond for the use of Lee's army. The country from here to Staunton was abundantly supplied with forage and grain, &c.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,September 29, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN P. SLOUGH,

Military Governor of Alexandria:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send that regiment of the two (Fifth and Sixth Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery) ordered to you which has the most reliable commanding officer at once to Bristoe Station. You will order him to divide his command equally between the three bridges over Kettle Run, Broad Run, and Cedar Run. The regiment will carry five days' rations. At the end of four days Brigadier-General McCallum promises to have a train of cars at Bristoe. As soon as the troops are located measures will be taken to make the positions assumed defensible against any attempt which may be essayed to destroy them by the enemy. Two additional regiments have been ordered from Philadelphia, and as soon as they arrive here will be ordered to report to you.

Very respectfully, general, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., September 29, 1864.

(Received 1.30 p. m.)

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPT. OF WASHINGTON:

SIR: The Sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery has not yet reported. As they are needed on the line between Alexandria and Fairfax, I request that their movement may be made more rapid.

Respectfully,

JNO. P. SLOUGH,

Brigadier-General.

