SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 229. Chambersburg, Pa., September 29, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

4. Captain Thomas S. McGowan, Patapsco Guard, Independent Company Maryland Volunteers, will proceed, without delay, with his company, to Chambersburg, and relieve Captain Lewis Degen, Company B, Two hundred and second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, as post commander, and his company as provost-guard. Upon being relieved, Captain Degen will report with his company to the commanding officer of his regiment for orders.

5. The commanding officer of the Two hundred and second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers will proceed, without delay, with his regiment from Chambersburg to Washington, D. C., and report for orders to Major-General Augur, commanding Department of Washington. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

7. Captain John G. Wilson, commanding First Battalion, 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed, without delay, by railroad, with three companies under his command, from Chambersburg to Pittsburg, Pa., and carry out the instructions which he may receive from Major Richard I. Dodge, U. S. Army, and acting assistant provost-marshal-general, Western Division of Pennsylvania. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

11. Colonel F. Asbury Awl, Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed, without delay, with the six companies of his regiment under his command, by railroad, from Huntington, Pa., to Washington, D. C., and report to Major-General Augur, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of Washington, for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,

September 29, 1864.

The following extract of a communication from the major-general commanding the army is furnished for the information and guidance of commanding officers,in carrying out the instructions of Lieutenant-General Grant, in the destruction of property:

"Destroy all mills, all grain and forage, you can. Drive off or kill all stock, and otherwise carry out the instructions of Lieutenant-General Grant, an extract of which is sent you, and which means, 'leave the Valley a barren waste.'* In carrying out these instructions, no villages or private houses will be burned."

By command of Brigadier-General Merritt:

A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For extract, see p.202.

---------------

