HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., September 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that there is nothing of importance to report from this vicinity. I shall leave to-night for the lower country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH AND NINETEENTH CORPS,

September 30, 1864.

The command will at once move to Harrisonburg, and the two corps resume their former position there. The Nineteenth Corps will move on the left of the pike, its trains, ambulances, and artillery on the pike. The Sixth Corps on the right of the pike, in two columns, in the following order: first, Third Division; second, First Division; third, Second Division. The trains, ambulances, and artillery of the Nineteenth Corps. Brigadier-General Getty, commanding Second Division, Sixth Corps, will detail a force sufficient for rear guard and for the protection of the trains. Lieutenant-Colonel French, corps officer of the day, will withdraw the pickets in time to rejoin their commands for the march; and upon reaching the old camp, division commanders will furnish the same details for picket as before, which will be posted under the supervision of Lieutenant-Colonel French.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND INFANTRY DIVISION,ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Harrisonburg, Va., September 30, 1864.

Captain P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following list of non-commissioned officers and privates who have been reported to me as having particularly distinguished themselves during the late engagements:

Sergt. Major Albert B. Logan, Twenty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, for gallant and meritorious conduct in capturing a piece of artillery in the fortifications at Winchester, September 19, 1864, he being the first man to reach the gun.

Corpl. John H. Duke, color bearer Thirteenth Regiment West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, as being the first in the second line of fortifications at Fisher's Hill, September 22, mounting a cannon and waving his colors in encouragement.

Sergt. Vincent Hayes, Company E, Thirteenth Regiment West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, was wounded in capturing a color.

First Sergt. Allen Burnett, Company B, Fourteenth Regiment West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, captured one caisson at Fisher's Hill, September 22, 1864.

