
First Sergt. James B. Foyle, Company I, Fourteenth Regiment West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, captured one piece of artillery at Fisher's Hill, September 22.

Corpl. Thomas H. Parker, Company K, Fourteenth Regiment West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, captured one piece of artillery, two horses, and five prisoners at Fisher's Hill, September 22, 1864.

Private James S. Hall, Company I, Ninety-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, demanded the surrender of nine armed men; they immediately surrendered and gave up their arms to him alone.

Private George W. Kemper, Company B, and Private Henry Dillenger, Company K, Ninety-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, as two of six men who captured fifty-seven prisoners at Fisher's Hill, September 22.

The commanding officers of the Ninth and Fifth Virginia and Thirty-sixth and Thirty-fourth Ohio did not choose to discriminate where the conduct of all was so praiseworthy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. HAYES,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Harrisonburg, Va., September 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General MERRITT,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: General Custer's division has been ordered in, to go back on the road, so you will take care of the left. This afternoon a brigade of the Third Division will be at Mount Crawford, and the other brigades, Third Division, will remain at Bridgewater. General Wilson has been ordered to General Sherman, and I shall send Custer to the Third Division. General Sheridan tells me you have a regiment at Swift Run Gap, and he wants a strong party sent over the mountain to get what information they can. He thinks they may go as far as Stanardsville. I send some men for your division.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,September 30, 1864.

Captain DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division Cavalry:

I have the honor to report that my command destroyed 9 large mills and about 100 barns yesterday - the mills were filled with flour and wheat; the barns were filled with threshed wheat and hay. I also destroyed a large number of stacks of hay and grain found standing in the fields. I brought away about 150 head of beef-cattle, or perhaps nearly 200 head; also about 500 head of sheep. No dwelling houses were destroyed or interfered with.

Very respectfully,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

