
BUCKHANNON, W. VA., September 30, 1864.

Colonel N. WILKINSON,

Commanding, Clarksburg, W. Va.:

Reliable Union men from Slab Camp state that there are no rebels in that county. I can hear nothing more of them in any direction. My scouts are on the alert. Much property was carried off. Their conduct was such as characterizes nothing but robbers. They robbed stores and private houses, carrying off the clothing of men, women, and little children, in some cases compelling women to take off their shoes and stockings. Their horses were loaded down with stolen property. Many of the citizens were robbed of their money; rebel and Union fared alike. The loss to this county cannot be less that $40,000. Their entire conduct was of the most shameful character. I hope we may be better prepared for them next time.

H. H. HAGANS,

Captain, Commanding.

GRAFTON, September 30, 1864.

Colonel YOUART:

I am here this a. m., and concentrating a force to move on enemy as soon as possible. What is your condition? Is there any enemy in your front toward Huttonsville? If you deem it advisable and proper, you may fall back on this place, or on the railroad at some point east of this. If you find the Philippi road occupied by the enemy you can retire via New Interest and Saint George to Rowlesburg, but if the way is clear you can retire via Philippi. But I do not wish you to evacuate unless you deem it absolutely necessary for the safety of you command. Let me hear from you by this courier.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

GRAFTON, September 30, 1864 - 10 a. m.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Charleston:

Arrived here at 1 a. m. The enemy are reported falling back from Buckhannon. The demonstration in this direction may be a feint to cover a movement against you. I will move on the enemy as soon as I can concentrate sufficient force.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CHARLESTON, W. VA., September 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ohio:

I am expecting to hear of General Echols' advance on Charleston at any moment. When last heard from he was at Weston, with intentions of moving this way. I would like the gun-boat at Gallipolis to be sent up the river; and also instructions given to Colonel Thomas, One hundred and ninety-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, in case the line should be cut, and I not be able to give him orders, that he will march his regiment to this place if he should hear of the advance of the rebels.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

