
and Saturdays. She stopped regularly at Malden, on the Canada shore, when signaled. Her other regular stopping places were the three Bass Islands and Kelly's Island, all within twenty miles of Sandusky. I went in her from Detroit to Sandusky on Monday, 26th of September. She made her usual landings except Malden, where she has ceased stopping since her capture. The damages from injuries to the vessel and cargo are estimated at $6,000, a low estimate, as she has been running almost without passengers since her capture.

The Island Queen is a side-wheel steamer of 173 tons, and valued at $12,000. She is owned on Kelly's Island. She runs regularly from the Bass Islands to Sandusky every morning, stopping at Kelley's Island, and returns to the Bass Island every afternoon. Her damages we estimated at $3,000. In both cases the estimate of damages is founded on known injuries and losses. There was on both steamers freight which was destroyed or carried away, the value of which is not ascertained.

I now proceed to the narration of other circumstances not authenticated by accompanying affidavits, but stated on the most reliable information. After the Philo Parsons was scuttled, and the furniture and plundered property was placed on the dock, two hours or more were discharged. The fact was made known to Mr. Macdonell, the Crown attorney of Essex County, residing at Windsor, and the conduct of the magistrates was spoken of by him in decided terms of disapprobation, in an interview with me at Detroit. The steamer had been lying at the dock more than two hours before the piano and some of the plundered property had been seized by the custom-house officers for an alleged violation of the revenue laws, and it was known to the magistrates that the steamer belonged to citizens of the United States, that she had been plundered and scuttled at the dock, and yet two of the perpetrator of these outrages, constituting a far more criminal violation of the laws of Great Britain than an infection of her revenue regulations, were suffered to go at large instead of being detained until the extent of their crimes could be ascertained. The failure to perform a duty so manifestly plain can hardly be accounted for by the supposition of gross ignorance, but rather of collusion with the guilty parties. This doubt of the good faith of these magistrates is confirmed by the fact that one of the custom-house officials admitted to Mr. Fox, the owner of the Philo Parsons, that a basket containing revolvers had been landed from the steamer and given up to the marauders, who claimed them as their property. This fact is shown by Appendix D. The piano and other plundered property belonging to the steamer were restored to Mr. Fox, the owner, on application to the Canadian authorities.

It is proper to state here that while at Detroit the Crown attorney, Mr. Macdonell, called on me several times and expressed a strong desire to be instrumental in securing the guilty parties. He also assured me that the same earnest wish to identify and bring them to punishment was shared by the solicitor-general, who had visited Windsor, previous to my arrival at Detroit, with a view to ascertain the facts and to take proper steps for the purpose. A letter from Mr. Macdonell to the U. S. district attorney at Detroit is annexed, and marked C. This letter shows that he is acting under instructions from the government at Quebec to spare no pains in bringing the parties implicated to punishment. There is feature in this transaction which deserves the special attention of the Government. From information

