SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, No. 220. TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 4, 1864.

1. In pursuance of instructions from the War Department, Colonel M. N. Wisewell, Military Governor of Washington, will select, without delay, three regiment Veteran Reserve Corps from those now on duty in this city for detached service. One regiment will proceed to Elmira, N. Y., and report for duty to Brigadier-General Diven, commanding, and the others two to Albany, N. Y., to report to Brigade-General Robinson, commanding, or, in his absence, to Lieutenant Colonel f. Townsend, acting assistant provost-marshal-general. The regiment will carry three days' cooked rations and forty rounds of ammunition.

2. Brigadier General A. P. Howe, inspector of artillery, will prepare at once six guns for detached service; one battery of four guns to report for duty to Brigadier-General Robinson, commanding at Albany, N. Y., or, in his absence, to Lieutenant Colonel F. Townsend, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, and the section of two guns to Brigadier-General Diven, commanding at Elmira, N. Y.

3. There troops must be placed en route this p. m.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Agur:

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., September 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that there in nothing to importance to report from this vicinity. One hundred men of the Sixteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry from this camp are still at Annandale, as the work there is not yet complete to put the stockade in a defensive state.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 4, 1864.

Brevet Major-General CROOK,

Commanding Army of West Virginia:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that we have prisoners from Rodes' and other division, and there is no doubt whatever but that the whole of Early's force is now in our immediate front and they extend well over to our right. General Sheridan desires particularly to see you; if you are not too tired, wishes you to come over to or headquarters this evening.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel Chief of Staff.

