
undertaking (dum fervit opus), as we have a perfect right to do under the law of nations, and take into our own hands the redress for which we cannot count on the good faith and active efforts of our neighbors.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Inclosures.]

A 1.

ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Detroit, Mich., September 21, 1864.

Major C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that on Saturday night last, the 17th instant, a person called upon me at my hotel and introduced himself to me as having been for some years a rebel soldier, and recently a refugee in Canada. He informed me that some of the officers and men of the U. S. Steamer Michigan had been tampered with, and that it was the intention of the rebel agent in Windsor, Jacob Thompson, late Secretary of the Interior under President Buchanan's administration, to send a party from Windsor, who, with the assistance of the officers and men, would endeavor to get possession of the steamer. He said he had been approached to form one of the party, and had consented to do so; and that he would receive more particular information on the next morning, when the party would leave for Malden. He said that with the possession of the steamer Michigan they would have control of the lakes for a couple of months, and would levy contributions on all the lake cities; and had offered very large inducements to the officers and men of that steamer. He stated that after obtaining full instructions on Sunday morning, he would fail to join the party, and would see me again on Sunday evening. The statement of the man and his earnestness made some impression on me, and I telegraphed to Captain J. C. Carter, the comanding officer of the steamer Michigan, that night, and I inclose a copy, marked 1, and his reply, marked 2. On Sunday evening, the 18th instant, my informant again crossed the river and saw me. He reported that he had agreed to join the party, and had obtained all the information he could; but that at the last moment he had failed them. He said, that the party was to take passage on board the steamer Philo Parsons at Malden, and would take possession of her before reaching Sandusky; that certain officers and men of the steamer Michigan had been tampered with by a man named Cole; and that an officer of the steamer named Eddy could not be bought, and that the intention was to drug him and others.

My informant thought that the captain of the steamer Philo Parsons had also been bought, and if he received any hint on the subject he would give information, and he himself would be compromised. I went downs to the steamer Philo Parsons the next morning at 6 o'clock and saw her. She was too small to be of any danger if taken by the persons, and, after mature consideration, I came to the conclusion that it would be better to let the steamer go, and place Captain Carter on his guard in a way that it would make an impression on him, so that the whole party could be taken. (See my telegram, marked 3, and his reply, marked 4.) These plots are being constantly made here. We had the information about this one, and the question was whether it would not be better to let it proceed, and make an example in this case, if the information really amounted to anything.

