
the hatches and put a lot of iron on the top. All the crew of the main deck, except the fireman and myself, were driven below. I was ordered to work the engine just as they wanted me to. The boat was then steered out into the lake in a northeasterly direction. After running about eight or nine miles, they put her about and came back to Middle Bass Island, having previously inquired of me if I had wood enough to run seven or eight hours, to which I replied that I had not. They made fast to the dock at Middle Bass Island. I heard them fire five or six shots, but could not tell what they fired at. They then commenced wording up, with the assistance of some of the crew, whom they had released from the fire-hold. While so engaged the steamer Island Queen came alongside. I heard them firing again shortly after, but did not know till afterward that the engineer was wounded. They then drove all the passengers on to the Parsons, and put them into the fire-hold with the rest. I heard them then parole some of the passengers and soldiers on board that they would not fight against the Southern Confederacy until exchanged. Besides those they put into the fire-hold, they put a good many, including several ladies, ashore. The Parsons then started out with the Island Queen in tow; and after taking her beyond Ballast Island they scuttled her, and she sank. After leaving her we ran beyond Mardlehead Light about two miles, and then turned back and ran for Detroit River. A little above Malden the life-boat was sent ashore, loaded with stuff taken from the boat. At Fighting Island, all of the passengers and crew, except three of the latter, were sent ashore in two boat-loads. This was about 8 o'clock in the morning. We then ran up to Sandwich and made fast to the dock. They then took a piano, three looking-glasses, and an easy chair out of the boat. They then cut the injection pipes and left her to sink, and all came off the boat. They appeared to be under the command of a man they called captain.

JAMES DENISON.

Subscribed and sworn to this 20th day of September, A. D. 1864, before me.

HENRY B. BROWN,

Notary Public, Wayne County, Mich.

B 2.

STATE OF MICHIGAN,

County of Wayne, ss:

Michael Campbell, being duly sworn, deposeth and saith, that he is twenty-one years old and wheelman of the steam-boat Philo Parsons. Deponent further saith, that he was on board said steamer on her trip from Detroit to Sandusky on Monday, September 19, 1864, and that the following circumstances took place, as nearly as deponent can recollect: The boat left the dock at Detroit at 8 a. m., with from twenty-five to thirty passengers on board. I saw one man, whom I afterward recognized as the ringleader of the band, come over on the ferry-boat from Windsor about half an hour before the Parsons started with another man, another of the pirates. He then saw the captain and asked him to stop at Sandwich and Malden, as there were some more men to get aboard there. The boat did not generally stop at Sandwich unless there were passengers there. I saw five others get on board at Sandwich. I heard

