
started for the dock; saw a number of men running about there; went up and asked them what in hell was up. Three or four pistols were at once pointed at me, and I was ordered aboard the boat. I refused to go, and replied that I was captain of that boat myself. Two of them shoved me onto the plank,and I walked aboard. They followed me to the cabin, and I saw the crew and passengers sitting there guarded by men with pistols. I asked mr. Ashley, the clerk, what it all meant; and he replied that the boat was seized by the rebels, and there was no use resisting. Pretty soon one of them, the oldest man of the party, invited me to sit down beside him; and on my asking him what it all meant, replied that he could not tell me; that he was a surgeon in the Confederate Army; that it was an unpleasant affair to me, but he had his duty to perform; that I had better take the thing cool, and that I should not be hurt. I requested permission to go and see my wife, pledging my honor that I would return; but he refused. I then asked to see the captain, and he said he would introduce me to him, and that the captain wished to see me. He said he thought I'd get my boat again. About this time I heard the whistle of the Island Queen. I heard the order, "as many as could be spared from the cabin, come this way." The Queen came alongside, and a rush was made for her. I soon saw the passengers of the Queen passing on to out boat, under the direction of the rebels, and our cabin was soon filed with them. This man who came on board at Detroit stood at the door, ordered the passengers to come out, three at a time, under guard, and to be put into the hold. Most of the men were sent below in this manner; the women and children, and a few of the men were left in the cabin with me. The commander soon came along, and the surgeon introduced me to him. He said he wished to see me alone. We went forward to my room. He asked me to pledge my word I would not leave the island in twenty-four hours, unless my boat came back; said he wanted me to go ashore and take charge of them; said he did not want me on board. It was then 8 o'clock, and a bright moonlight. I told him I wished to take some of my clothes; but he said I need not, as the rom would not be disturbed. I gathered up a coat and a few little articles, and went ashore with the ladies. I took my house full, and made them comfortable. I soon after went toward the dock; saw other passengers coming off the boat; and the boats both left in about half an hour, the Parsons towing the Queen. I watched them till they passed Ballast Island; and about one and a half or two miles beyond there they parted with the Queen. The Queen soon after drifted out of sight.

In the conversation with the campaign he sid he should probably burn the Queen; and that my boat I should get again. They wanted to get rid of the Queen. I begged that the passengers might be sent ashore. I saw the boat pass up again about 1 o'clock, running very fast. When I next saw the boat she had been nearly stripped of furniture; a portion of it was returned on Saturday night. I should judge there were twenty-five pirates, who came on at Detroit, Sandwich, and Malden. They were most of them armed with two revolvers, and many of them with hand-axes.

S. F. ATWOOD.

Subscribed and sworn to this 25th day of September, A. D. 1864, before me.

HENRY B. BROWN,

Notary Public, Wayne County, Mich.

