
B 4.

COUNTY OF WAYNE,

State of Michigan, ss:

De Witt C. Nichols, of Middle Bass Island, in the State of Ohio, mate or pilot of the steam-boat Philo Parsons, plying between Detroit and Sandusky, maketh oath and saith, that on Monday, the 19th day of September instant, he was on board the said boat, and acting in said capacity, from about 8 a. m. on said day, when said boat started from Detroit for Sandusky, until the capture of said boat, as hereinafter mentioned. Said boat was stopped and took in passengers as follows: At Sandwich, Canada West, four passengers; at Malden, twenty to twenty-five passengers, with luggage, especially one corded pine box, which seemed heavy; at North Bass, a few passengers, who seemed to belong to that island, where the owner of said boat resides; at Put in Bay, some passengers; at Middle BAs, at Kelly's Island, several passengers, leaving said island at 4 p. m. About three-quarters of a mile, and from fifteen to twenty minutes after leaving Kelly's Island (deponent being then at the pilot-house, on the hurricane-deck, and in charge of the ship, the captain having gone ashore for the night at Middle Bass), and the ship being on her straight course for Sandusky, the said Philo Parsons met and passed the Island Queen, passing at about twenty rods distance; passed her in the usual way, and without any communication or signal, private or otherwise, being exchanged to deponent's knowledge. Immediately after passing her, and deponent being still at the pilot-house, he was accosted by one of the passengers - a man about five feet eight or ten inches high, fair complexion, brown hair, no side whiskers or mustache, wearing Kossuth hat, and apparently thirty years of age, who appeared afterward to be the chief of the party who seized said boat as hereinafter mentioned. He presented himself suddenly before deponent, and asked, "Are you captain of this boat?" To which deponent replied, "No, sir; I am mate." He then asked, "You have charge of her at present, have you not?" Deponent replied, "Yes, sir." He then said, "Will you step back here for a minute? I want to talk to you." Deponent then walked aft with him to near the smokestack, on the hurricane-deck. He then said: "I am a Confederate officer. There are thirty of us, well armed. I seize this boat, and take you as a prisoner. You must pilot the boat as I direct you, and" - pulling a revolver out of his pocket and showing it to deponent - "here are the tools to make you. Run down and lie off the harbor" - meaning the harbor of Sandusky, then about twelve miles distant.

Deponent then sat down on top of the pilot-house, an armed man being placed beside him by the said chief - who seemed to go by the name of Captain Bell - to keep guard over deponent. The said boat was then kept by said Bell's directions a little to the east of the true course for Sandusky, and run so for about eight miles, until a good view into the harbor at about eight miles, until a good view into the harbor at about eight miles distant from the bar, near Cedar Point, was obtained. It was then about 5 p. m., and the U. S. vessel Michigan was plainly visible, and many questions were asked of deponent by said guard in relation to said Michigan and her position within the harbor. After having examined the harbor thus, said Bell ascertained by inquiry from deponent that there was not fuel enough to take the boat very far, and that it was not usual to have more on board than

