
enough to run the boat from the Bass Islands to Sandusky and back. Thereupon, and after some conversation among themselves, they ordered the wheelman to turn back for wood, and they accordingly reached the wording station at Middle Bass between 7 and 8 p. m., and did not transmit orders to the wheelman through deponent after having so put about, but gave him direct orders, permitting deponent to remain in the cabin until after the seizure of the Island Queen, as hereinafter mentioned. About half an hour after reaching said wording station, the Island Queen came alongside to land freight and passengers, and was boarded by said Bell's party, and her passengers, except the women and children, put down into the hold of the Parsons. But before leaving said station, all except the captain, clear, and engineer of the Island Queen, deponent, the wheelman, and some others of the crew of the Parsons, were allowed to go on shore on engaging not to speak of what had occurred for a certain length of time.

After leaving Middle Bass the second time, and having the Island Queen in tow, they shaped a course for Sandusky, and when between Ballast Island and Kelly's Island they cut off the Island Queen, and said they had cut her pipes, so that she would sink. Immediately after this, all said persons excepted above, except the engineer and wheelman of the Parsons, were ordered into the hold; and deponent saw nothing more until, after hearing said boat foul something (which deponent afterward learned was the inclosure of a fish-pond off Middle Bass Island), deponent was ordered on deck. On reaching the deck deponent found said vessel off Middle Bass Island, on her second return from off Sandusky harbor; and while below deponent was told by the engineer that they ran about two or three miles beyond marblehead on the straight course to Sandusky; but deponent heard nothing, and can conjecture nothing as to the reason for the said second return form off Sandusky harbor. Deponent was desired to pilot said boat for Detroit River, and did so. On entering the said river said Bell pointed out certain vessels to deponent, and inquired what waters they were in; and being informed that they were in Canadian waters, remarked that it was a good thing for them that they were, otherwise that they would have boarded them. They there inquired for one Ives, a banker residing at Grosse Isle, and said it it had not been so late they would have robbed him; and desired deponent, as it was so late, to take the boat up the British channel. Deponent piloted said boat accordingly until reaching the head of remained until taken off to Ecorse by a small boat, getting on board the Pearl at Ecorse, and stopping at Sandwich. He there was the Parsons, and took possession of her, and sent word by the captain of the Pearl to Detroit of what had happened. Deponent saith that the second in command of sid party was a man of middle stature, apparently about thirty years of age, wore a small mustache, and no other whiskers or beard; fair complexion, sandy-haired; wore a woolen cap, with a net peak; spoke with a Scotch accent, as well as deponent can judge; and appeared to understand the details of the engine fixings. The whole party were young men except one, who called himself a surgeon, and were generally fair-complexioned and rather full-bodied men. Two of said party left the sid boat in a small boat belonging to the Island Queen, after having passed Malden, the Patrons being slowed for that purpose; and deponent saw them shape their course for a point

16 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

