
forty passengers. Immediately after leaving Detroit this same young man, whom I had frequently seen before, came to me, and calling me by name, said there were four passengers who wanted to take the boat at Sandwich, a small town on the Canadian side of the river, some three miles below Detroit. I reported the same to Captain Atwood, and he stopped and took them on. They said when they came on board taht they were taking a little pleasure trip, and intended to stop at Kelly's Island. All the baggage they had was a small hand-satchel. At Malden, twenty miles down the river on the Canada side, where the boat stops regularly, there were about twenty men came on board and took passage for Sandusky. As it had been quite common of late to take on nearly that number of passengers at this pint nearly every trip - most of them being skedaddlers from the State of Ohio, and getting starved out in Canada and returning home - I at once set the party down as a lot of skedaddlers returning home. A large old fashioned trunk, tied up with ropes, constituted the baggage of the party. Everything went off quietly during the day. The boat stopped at a number of the islands, taking on quiet a number of passengers. Captain Atwood stooped off the boat at Middle Bass Island, where he resides. Shortly after leaving Kelly's Island, between the island and Sandusky, I was standing in front of my office, when four of the party came up to me, and drawing revolvers, leveled them, and said if I offered any resistance I was a dead man. At the same time the old black trunk flew open, and in less time than it takes to write it the whole gang of about thirty-five were armed to the teeth with revolvers, hatchets, &amp;c. I then told them that they apparently had the strongest party, and guessed I should have to surrender. They then stationed two men to watch me, the remainder rushing into the cabin and threatening to shoot any one that offered any resistance. There was a large number of ladies on board, who were very much frightened. The boat wa then headed down the lake for about an hour; then turned around and ran to Middle Bass Island. While lying there the steamer Island Queen came alongside and was instantly seized. Quite a number of shots were fired, and a number were struck with hatchets, but I think no one was killed. The passengers of both boats were then put ashore, and a portion of the baggage. After taking what money I had, they requested me to go ashore. They allowed me to take my private property, but none of the books or papers belonging to the boat.

The boats were then started out in the lake, the Parsons towing the Queen a short distance into the lake and then let her go adrift. From observations at Kelly's Island next morning, the Queen was supposed to be seen ashore on Middle Island. After putting off the passengers at Middle Bass Island, the Philo Parsons headed for Sandusky and was gone about four hours. She afterward returned under a full head of steam, and after passing Middle Bass headed for Malden, Canada, and steering in that direction as long as she could be seen. The crew of both boats were retained and made to do the bidding of the parties in possession. I heard the captain of the gang say that he would place myself and the passengers where we could give no information until morning, and before that time their work would be completed. He said it was their intention to run to the mouth of Sandusky Bay, and if they received the proper signals it was their intention to run in, attack the U. S. steamer Michigan lying off Johnson's Island, and then release their friends imprisoned at that place. The men who got on board at Sandwich appeared to be English gentlemen; all well dressed in English clothes; two wearing kid gloves; inquired about the grapes

