
commission of the crime, the chief constable of Windsor will be dispatched with a warrant to arrest the parties at Toronto or at any other place in the province to which they may be traced.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. E. MACDONELL,

County Crown Attorney.

D.

THE STATE OF OHIO,

Ottawa County, ss:

Personally appeared before me, the subscriber, a justice of the peace in and for sid county, Simon Fox, of lawful age, who, being by me first duly sworn according to law, deposes as follows: I am part owner of the steamer Philo Parsons. After the Philo Parsons was captured by the rebels she was taken by them to the port of Sandwich, in Canada, and I went there to recover her, her apparel, furniture, &amp;c. The custom-house officer there told me, after the rebels landed by them a market bucket containing revolvers, which he seized with the other goods; but that he subsequently released the revolvers to them, as they claimed them.

SIMON FOX.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 29th day of September, A. D. 1864.

VALENTINE DOLLER,

Justice of the Peace in and for said County.

E.

OFFICE OF U. S. DISTRICT ATTORNEY,

EASTERN DISTRICT OF MICHIGAN,

Detroit, September 24, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. DIX:

SIR: I have the honor to report the following action taken by the civil authorities in relation to the late piracies upon lake Erie. The affair was first brought to the notice of the district attorney by the owners and crew of the Philo Parsons on Tuesday morning at 11 o'clock. The affidavit of James Denison, the engineer of the boat, was taken at once, to substantiate the complaint, and early in the afternoon Mr. Russell went over to Windsor, accompanied by Mr. Nichols, the mate, and laid the matter before the authorities there. After some delay in finding the proper officer, a warrant for piracy was issued by the county judge and placed in the hands of the chief constable, with instructions from Mr. Macdonell, the county crown attorney, who has throughout displayed the utmost activity and willingness to aid us to execute it with all possible speed. Two of the crew of the Parsons were directed to accompany the constable for the purpose of identifying the parties.

On the following day, Wednesday, the constable reported to this office that he had been unsuccessful in finding the men; that al except three had left before the warrant was obtained on Tuesday, and that these had left during the night and taken the eastern train at Belle River, about forty miles from Windsor. Mr. Macdonell at once telegraphed the attorney-general at Quebec, informing him of the escape of these paries, and requesting his aid in securing them. The agents of the railway at Hamilton were also telegraphed by Mr. Emmons, of this city. Mr. Russell, the district attorney, being called away to Washington on

