
HARRISONBURG, VA., October 1, 1864 - 6 p. m.

(Received 7 a. m. 3rd.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram of the 28th received. My cavalry was rapidly pushed to Staunton and Waynesborough, some of the results of which I have telegraphed. All the crops, mills, &amp;c., have been destroyed from Staunton to Mount Crawford, which is my present front. I will make another raid with cavalry and infantry to Staunton and Lexington. Early was driven out of the Valley, and only saved himself by getting through Brown's Gap in the night, and has probably taken position at Charlottesville, and will fortify, holding Waynesborough and Rockfish Gap. I strongly advise General Grant to terminate this campaign by the destruction of the crops in the Valley and the means of planting, and the transfer of the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps to his army at Richmond. This is my best judgment. With Crook's force, the Valley can be held. If this course is not deemed best, then the Orange and Alexandria Railroad should be opened. If it is, it will require an army corps at least to protect it. This force cannot be furnished from this army; and wherever these troops come from, it will be loss of that number of men from the fighting force. there is no objective point, except Lynchburg,a and it cannot be invested on the line of this Valley, and the investing army supplied. What we have destroyed and can destroy in this Valley in worth millions of dollar to the rebel Government. A large number of the best farmers of the Valley are moving north, taking advantage of our presence to get out. If it is deemed best to transfer this army to the east side of the Blue Ridge, the repairs on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad should be commenced at once, and a notification sent to me.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Harrisonburg, Va., October 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that I have received information from a rebel deserters from the Thomas (North Carolina) Legion, that there are yet about 1,000 rebel stragglers between here and Strasburg, who are many of them armed and picking up stragglers from this army and running them off into the mountains. Many are acting under the leadership of one Captain Lincoln, who commands a band of guerrillas. They are every day becoming more troublesome,as they are getting better organized and armed. Their headquarters is along the base of the mountains, on the east side of the Valley.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. W. CROWNINSHIELD,

Captain and Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

