
brigade of the Third Division is at Mount Crawford by this time. Send me the disposition of your division. You can locate the brigades as you see fit. The Second Division has gone to Luray.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Cavalry.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., October 1, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Have heard from General Sheridan, through Quartermaster Alexander, just from Harrisonburg. He is at Waynesborough with his infantry. Early passed out of Valley through Rockfish Gap. His men were scattered in the utmost disorder. Sheridan picked up many of them. All the houses on the route of their flight were filled with abandoned wounded. Sheridan's supply trains are well up to him; will reach him in time. There are no organized troops of enemy in Valley this side of Stauton except Mosby's guerrillas. Another supply train goes up to Sheridan to-day from Martinsburg.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., October 1, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just returned from Martinsburg, where, at 7 o'clock this evening, several officers arrived direct from General Sheridan. On Thursday morning he was near Harrisburg with his infantry; a part of the cavalry had been in Stauton. The main cavalry force had a sharp engagement with the enemy at Brown's Gap, through which Early had engagement with the enemy at Brown's Gap, through which Early had retired, instead of Rickfish Gap, and which he was holding with determination. The effort of the cavalry had failed to move the enemy. Sheridan had not advanced his infantry to Stauton, but was resting them near Harrisonburg. The large supply train of 200 additional wagons left Martinsburg this morning, and will reach the front in good time. Three hundred of our wounded reached Martinsburg to-night in a return train; also 100 additional rebel prisoners. General Sheridan's chief commissary reports the army rationed until 7th of the month. A train of 300 wagons will be dispatched for the front on Monday.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Winchester, Va., October 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that information has been received at these headquarters to the effect that between 4,000 and 5,000 armed men of the enemy are in the mountains and on the roads

