
between here and the front. They are, if there, supposed to be stragglers from Early's command. Among the number is one colonel and several other commissioned officers, who are said to be endeavoring to organize them. I have the honor to report furhart that I yesterday destroyed a distillery near Pughtown, seizing several barrels of newly distilled apple brandy,, and turning it over to the hospitals. I am in receipt of an order from Brigadier-General Stevenson, dated from headquarters Military District of Harper's Ferry, and stating that he had, by direction of the President, assumed command of said district, including Harper's Ferry, Martinsburg and the lower Shenandoah Valley. I would desire to know whether I am to report to him, or, as heretofore, to the headquarters Middle Military Division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 1. October 1, 1864.

I. In obedience to Special Orders, No. 44, headquarters Middle Military Division, September 30, 1864, I assume command of the Second Cavalry Division, Department of West Virginia.

II. The following named officers are announced as composing the staff of the division until further orders: Captain N. D. Badger, Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, acting inspector-general; First Lieutenant George S. South, Second Virginia Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant S. C. W. Dunlevy, First Virginia Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster; Captain G. W. E. Dorsey, Sixth West Virginia Infantry, acting commissary of subsistence; First Lieutenant H. W. Fuller, First Virginia Cavalry, acting ordnance officer; Captain R. G. Predergast, First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry, acting provost-marshal; First Lieutenant G. A. Sexton, Third West Virginia Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant W. S. Merrill, Second West Virginia Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Surg. W. B. Wynne, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, surgeon in chief. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

W. H. POWELL,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harrisonburg, Va., October 1, 1864.

Brevet Major General B. F. KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

Your dispatch to General Halleck relation to affairs in West Virginia has been received by the commanding general from General Sheridan. Positive information possessed here shown that there can be nothing more than guerrillas threatening Clarksburg, Beverly, and Grafton. If you need troop to make those points secure, you must call on General Duffie for them, and he must if, possible, furnish enough for that purpose.

By order of Brevet Major-General Crook:

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

