
GRAFTON, October 1, 1864.

Governor BOREMAN,

Wheeling:

Captain Hagans reports the rebels returning by way of Bulltown. My cavalry are in pursuit, but unfortunately not in force sufficient to overtake and capture them. The following is an extract from Captain Hagans' dispatch:

Much property has been carried off. Their conduct was such as characterized nothing but robbers. They robbed the stores and private houses, carrying off the clothing of men, women, and children, is some cases compelling women and children to take off their shoes and stockings. Their horses were loaded down with stolen property. Many of the citizens were robbed of their money. Union and rebel citizens fared a alike. The loss to this country cannot be less than $40,000. Their entire conduct was of the most shameful character. I hope I may be better prepared next time.

I will relieve the militia and permit them to return to their homes as soon as practicable. They have responded nobly to your call.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

MARTINSBURG, [October] 1, 1864.

Major W. R. PRICE,

Assistant Inspector-General, Cavalry Bureau:

I have just arrived from Cumberland, having inspected Diffie. I will send you a detailed report as soon as possible. I would have telegraphed from Hagerstown, but I found everything mixed and could find out nothing for certain. All the dismounted camp has been ordered up here; is here now. Send 1,000 horses to this place to mount Averell's command. The arms and equipments General Neill says he will have directed to me at this place, General Neill's headquarters. Captain Wray is assistant quartermaster.

G. A. GORDON,

Captain, Second Cavalry.

GRAFTON, October 1, 1864.

Captain GORDON, U. S. Army,

Cumberland:

(Care of Lieutenant W. B. Kelley.)

Will you please inspect the Sixth West Virginia Cavalry and Captain Kelley's company, now at New Creek. Unless I can have these troops armed and equipped I cannot protect the railroad and the people from the incursions of McNeill's, Harness', and other guerrilla bands.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

GRAFTON, October 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Charleston:

The enemy are retreating by way of Bultown, and will probably go by way of Summerville. They are about 800 or 900 strong, a detachment of Morgan's late command, and are in command of Colonel

