
Colonel Peirson, of said regiment, to report, without delay, with the three companies of his command, to this post. I have also ordered three companies of the Ninety-first New York Veteran Volunteers to Fort Marshall. The order is now in process of execution.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MORRIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, October 1, 1864.

Hon E. M. STANTON:

MY DEAR SIR: I send my report* on the outrage on Lake Erie. I think it would be well to publish it, and I ask your permission to do so. My chief motive is this: There is a very strong feeling at Detroit and other places on the frontier in regard to this outrage and threatened incursions by rebels in Canada, and it will do good on both sides to know that strong measures are likely to be taken to redress them. I found the leading men of Detroit consulting as to the propriety of publishing articles in the newspapers calculated to stir the people up to retaliatory measures. At my earnest representation that the matter should be left in the hands of the Government, they decided to remain quiet, and I think the publication of my report will confirm them in this course. I have no idea that the pirates will be taken. Though the Canadian authorities may act in good faith, the great body of the people of the upper district of Canada sympathize with the rebels.

I am,d ear, sir, truly, yours,

JOHN A. DIX.

WASHINGTON, October 2, 1864-11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The railroad and telegraph corps have reached Manassas. If they are to go to Front Royal, it will be loss of time and labor to proceed to the Rappahannock as ordered by General Halleck. I understand you were leaving the route to be selected by Sheridan, and understand him as choosing the road to Front Royal; but Halleck does not so under stand the matter. Wouldn's it be well for you to direct specifically the route from Manassas immediately?

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, October 2, 1864-11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I have received no reply from General Sheridan in regard to his future line of supplies, but infer from his dispatch of September 29 to you that he will not go Charlottesville. Our construction party has

---------------

*See communication of 30th ultimo, p. 225.

---------------

17 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

