
WASHINGTON, October 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

Do you know anything about General Neill, commanding at Martinsburg? What are his antecedents?

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., October 2, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I do not know General Neill's antecedents. he was formerly in Sixth Corps (I believe Russell's division); was ordered to report to General Sheridan; did report, and was General Sheridan's directions that his command should be independent of me, but subsequent order from General Sheridan to me created the impression upon my mind that he was in error as to General Sheridan's purposes. I wrote Sheridan immediately, expressing my conviction that his rear should be a unit. To this communication, I received no reply. Upon receiving telegram of Major-General Halleck, directing me to assume command of all forces in this district, including Martinsburg and lower Shenandoah Valley, I immediately communicated the order to General Neill. On yesterday I visited him at Martinsburg, when he stated that he considered himself arrived by the order, and informed me that he had applied to be relieved. I still think that the good of the service requires the command to be a unit, and believe that i can run it without subjecting General Neill to the mortification of which he complains. The supplying of General Sheridan promptly is the main consideration, and to that end the entente cordiale should be perfect. General Neill is in bearing a gentleman, and, for aught I know, a good officer; yet objecting to serve under his junior, I accord with his expressed wish to be relieved. General Neill was under the impression that it was at my instance the order of General Halleck had been made. This, you know, was not the case.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 2, 1864.

(Received 4.40 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

There is a body of about 400 guerrillas (Mosby's and White's bands) infesting the country around Berryville, and between Bunker Hill and Winchester, cutting off small parties and threatening our trains. I have here (dismounted) the First Maryland Cavalry. They are about 500 strong. They are good men, and as I have placed their worthless colonel in coventry, I think if they were armed with Spencer rifles or carbines, well mounted, and make these guerrillas their specialty, we could effectually destroy them. The men were all raised in this vicinity, are familiar with the country, and are the right troops for such service.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

