
safe; twenty-five men escort should, however, accompany dispatches from Martinsburg. I should have a battery here, if possible; it is necessary; and also 1,000 men, infantry. I would earnestly request that you return at once the seventy-five men of the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry that accompany the train to Martinsburg to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding post.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Martinsburg, October 2, 1864-midnight.

[Brigadier-General STEVENSON:]

The accompanying dispatches (eight) have just been received, and the report of Colonel Edwards. I forward them to you, and would state that the detention of the train by Colonel Edwards at Winchester may prevent General Sheridan from receiving the subsistence necessary for his army, and materially interfere with his plans. I make these suggestions merely, as Colonel Edwards is under your command. I will send 100 cavalry back to Winchester to-morrow morning. I will send to Edwards, say, 400 cavalry (from Hagerstown), as soon as I can get them in the saddle. I would suggest that you should send everything you may have which will forward the train from Winchester.

Very respectfully,

THOS. H. NEILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., October 2, 1864-10.30 a. m.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Reports from the front are conflicting this a. m. I am induced to believe the enemy have fallen back into the mountains of Webster and Braxton Counties. I have sent forward all the mounted men I could raise. All the infantry will follows to-day, leaving the militia to guard the railroad. The rebel force is a portion of the late General Morgan's, now in Echols' command. this expedition is under the command of Colonel Withcer, formerly of Wayne County, Va., and is variously estimated at from 1,000 to 2,000. They have robbed the people in their route of horses, cattle, clothing, and money-in fact, have laid the country waste; made no distinction between Union men and secession sympathizers-robbed all alike. General Sullivan reports that a force of 250 (a portion of the same gang, no doubt) attacked one of his posts at Coalsmouth (Coalsmouth is a station on the Kanawha River, twelve miles from Charleston), and was handsomely repulsed yesterday morning.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 40. Cumberland, Md., October 2, 1864.

* * * *

II. Lieutenant Colonel John F. Hoy, Sixth West Virginia Infantry Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters for orders (on expiration

