SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 31. Cumberland, Md., September 4, 1864.

* * * * * *

IV. Captain L. Peirpoint, Company E, Sixth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty as provost-marshall and command of this post, and will proceed to Wheeling, W. Va., with the enlisted men of his company whose term of service has expired and who have not re-enlisted, for the purpose of being mustered out of service. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. In relieving Captain Peirpoint from this position, the general commanding takes pleasure in acknowledging the prompt and efficient in which he performed the duties developing upon him,By ordered of Brevet Major-General Kelly:

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW CREEK, September 4, 1864.

Major General B. F. KELLEY:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have visited the blockade of roads with Captain Coffey, leading from Knobly to Black Oak Bottom. The captain and myself have agreed that they are effectual, and that no cavalry can get to Black Oak between New Creek and the Widow Outan's near Rawling s Station. We followed the mountain no each side, and it is blockaded on each side. You can rely on this as positive as if you seen it yourself, and, I will add that I would be responsible for any cavalry to get over, for I had to dismount and leave my own horse, to get up to it in Baker's Gap, and also Neel's Gap.

JNO. F. HOY.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 5, 1864-3.15 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

I notice in your last dispatch that Breckinridge's division has disappeared from your front. You will see by the accompanying telegram,8 from Governor Brought that he was to be at Lewisburg about this time. The matter should received your attention, for if he has gone west there is not adequate preparation.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEAR BERRYVILLE, Va., September 5, 1864-11 p. m.

(Received 12 .. 6th.)

Major-General HALLECK:

In my dispatch of yesterday I supposed that an engagement would probably take place to-day, but the enemy withdrew during the night to the west side of the Opequon. I have not been able to verify the reports that any portion of the rebel troops in the Valley have as yet left Richmond. Yesterday and to-day I have prisoners from

---------------

* See Brought to Stanton, August 30, Part I, p. 969.

---------------

