
HARPER'S FERRY, October 3, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Just received dispatch* from Colonel Edwards, Winchester. He is holding the supply train at that point. Says that Mosby's and White's guerrillas are near Newtown; that Seventh Virginia Cavalry (rebel) is near Woodstock, and about 2,000 of Early's stragglers have been organized by a rebel colonel and other officers, near Fisher's Hill, to attack trains. Does not think it safe to send trains forward. I send him forward this morning from here all the cavalry I have-150. General Neill will send also 400 cavalry from Hagerstown. There are 400 cavalry at Winchester, with about 500 infantry, that can be used. I think this ample protection for a train of 300 wagons, and have ordered him to forward them at once. I fear he has an exaggerated report of the enemy, and his delay is ill-timed. There should be in this command a cavalry force of at least two full regiments for that duty. My cavalry amounts to 236 for duty, for scouts, couriers, and escorts. This is too small a force at this time. I use all remounted cavalry as fast as furnished, but the numbers and time at which they can be had are so uncertain that I cannot make any calculations upon them; they are merely auxiliaries.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Lieutenant-General Grant.)

MARTINSBURG, October 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

General Neill sends this morning to Winchester, to escort the train now detained there, the 300 cavalry which came with last train and over 100 from dismounted camp. This deprives us of all guard for the train to-morrow, except 200 infantry. I think it essential that 500 cavalry should come here for to-morrow's train. Unless you can get a couple of good cavalry regiments for the express duty of guarding trains, I fear our supplies will be interfered with.

C. W. TOLLES,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Quartermaster Middle Military Division.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., October 3, 1864.

Colonel EDWARDS,

Commanding, Winchester, Va.:

COLONEL: I send you 150 cavalry to be used as an additional escort to trains. Send forward as much of the trains at Winchester as you can guard, using all cavalry at hand, as also part of your infantry force if necessary. There must be no delay in sending forward trains if it takes every man. I shall send you at once additional infantry and a battery. There are none of General Kenly's command left at this post. They have either been sent home or sent to General Kelley, at Cumberland. I think you overestimate the danger in your front; none of the cavalry regiments of the enemy number more than 400 men, and as to

---------------

*See Edwards to Neill, October 2, p. 263.

---------------

