
the stragglers from Early's army, they cannot be very formidable. General Neill will send you forward additional cavalry; he says 400. This will make your guard ample for a train of 200 or 300 wagons. Supplies must go forward, even though your post may be skinned down to the smallest possible number.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., October 3, 1864.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Wilson, who it to take command of all of Sherman's cavalry, has just reached here, forty-six hours from Sheridan, who was in Harrisonburg. Our cavalry is in undisputed possession of the Valley, destroying all mills and grain in the Valley, and driving in immense herds of cattle and sheep. Most of the enemy's force is at Mechum's Station, covering Charlottesville, ont he railroad, about twelve miles east of Waynesborough and twenty-five miles west of Staunton. No enemy at Staunton or elsewhere in the Valley, except in small disorganized bands.

T. H. NEILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Martinsburg, Va., October 3, 1864.

General STEVENSON,

Commanding District, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Colonel Edwards reports:

The escort bearing dispatches from the front that will come to hand with this communication were attacked at Edenburg and Strasburg, losing 2 killed and 4 taken prisoners.

No dispatches have been forwarded to General Sheridan from telegraph office here, therefore I cannot send supplicates.

Very respectfully,

THOS. H. NEILL,

Brigadier-General.

I do not send a train on the 4th.

HARPER'S FERRY, October 3, 1864.

General NEILL,

Martinsburg:

I send this morning direct to Winchester 150 cavalry as additional escort. What escort to you understand there will be at Winchester with this force and the 400 cavalry you sent out? I have sent express to Colonel Edwards that the train of Colonel Woods must go forward at once. I think he exaggerated the danger. I shall send Currie's brigade, with battery, to Winchester, and two regiments to you the very instant I can get them off; by to-morrow, if possible.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

