HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., October 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that the company ordered from the Thirteenth New York Cavalry, in the dispatch of last night, left camp to-day in time to reach Alexandria at the designated hour. As Colonel Lazelle took the greater portion of duty men of the Thirteenth New York Cavalry, being details from its different companies, besides the number from his own regiment, it was difficult to send an entire company from the Thirteenth New York. However, the largest, and, in fact, only approach to a company left in that regiment, was sent as soon as those absent were relieved from picket; it numbered, all told, forty-three men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. GANSEVOORT,

Colonel Thirteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, October 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel KELLOGG,

Martinsburg:

I send dispatch by courier to General Neill last night. Tell Colonel Tolles I will send Currie's brigade to Winchester, by Bunker Hill, to-morrow morning to escort his train to front. Have you heard from Colonel Woods' train, whether it left or not.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, October 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel TOLLES,

Chief Quartermaster:

Currie's brigade will march to-morrow morning for Winchester as escort to the train. Had you better not hold your train until evening, so as to let Currie park it at Bunker Hill, where he will make his camp to-morrow night? If you think your escort strong enough through to Winchester, Currie can catch up with train there. Instruct train, at all events, to wait for Currie at Winchester. Answer.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, October 4, 1864-4 p. m.

General STEVENSON:

The train cannot get away before noon, and will wait for Currie. If possible, I would like it to get to Winchester to-morrow night, but the escort will not be strong enough, unless Currie is ordered to march there.

C. W. TOLLES,

Chief Quartermaster.

