
HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 4, 1864.

Colonel CURRIE,

Commanding Brigade, Bolivar Heights:

COLONEL: You will move ut promptly at the hour designated, and march with all possible speed to Bunker Hill, where you will meet supply train from Martinsburg. Take charge of the train, consolidating the escort with your command, and push on for Winchester. If you find no orders from General Sheridan with Colonel Edwards, push forward for Sheridan with Colonel Edwards, push forward for Sheridan's command. It is important for the train to reach him by the 9th instant, at the latest.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIST. OF HARPER'S FERRY, No. 49. Harper's Ferry, Va., October 4, 1864.

* * * *

12. Colonel Currie, with his brigade, will move at 7 a. m. to-morrow morning for Winchester. He will, upon arriving there, report to Colonel Edwards, commanding post, to escort first supply train to General Sheridan, wherever he may be found.

By order of Brigadier-General Stevenson:

S. F. ADAMS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Winchester, Va., October 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Commanding District of Harper's Ferry:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of October 3, with 150 cavalry of Twelfth Virginia; 400 cavalry Fourth Virginia reported last evening. The supply train (200 wagons) leaves here 5.30 this a. m. escorts with dispatches from the front have to cut their way through, and generally lose half of their men. Prisoners giving themselves up on the route report 5,000 to 6,000 armed stragglers in the vicinity of Fisher's Hill; I think there are probably about 1,500 of them. Prisoners also report many officers with them; one, a colonel, was trying to organize them. One company of the Seventh Virginia Cavalry (rebel) is inn the vicinity of Strasburg. I think a train of 200 wagons should have an escort of 1,000 infantry and 500 cavalry, going to the front. The train going out this morning will have nearly 1,500 escort. I have used every effort to forward them as soon as possible. The train from Harper's Ferry, commanded by Colonel Heine, reached the front on the evening of October 1. I do not think I overestimate the danger between here and the front. Excuse me for not addressing this to your adjutant-general, as I do not know his name or rank. General Wilson passed through here to-day. He represents the army to bee well supplied. The train that leaves this morning will reach the front before their rations are out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

