
MARTINSBURG, October 4, 1864-4 p. m.

General STEVENSON:

I start a train of 561 wagons to-morrow morning, 5th, at daylight, for Winchester. I have only 400 infantry and cavalry to start with. The last 200 cavalry have not arrived from you. Will you please hurry them up. Will you please order Currie's brigade to start early so as to meet the train at Bunker Hill. Please reply at once.

T. H. NEILL,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, October 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General NEILL, Martinsburg:

Currie's brigade starts to-morrow morning; but if your train leaves at 5 o'clock he cannot possibly catch up before he gets to Winchester. As the train will have to lay by at Winchester for him it had better not start until to-morrow evening, and park at Bunker Hill, where Currie can meet it. His command will camp at Bunker Hill to-morrow night. I sent you all cavalry I had this evening-100 men. Answer.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, October 4, 1864.

General STEVENSON:

I will detain train.

THOS. H. NEILL,

Brigadier-General.

WESTON, W. VA., October 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. MCDONALD:

You are directed to move, upon the arrival of supplies, with your command, by easy marches, to Bulltown, W. Va., and repair the fortifications and place that post in the best condition for defense, and keep the surrounding country thoroughly scouted, extending south to Sutton. Stringent orders will be enforce, prohibiting the interference in any manner whatever with private property by the men of your command. Supplies for the command will be sent you regularly from Clarksburg, upon making proper requisitions therefor. For cattle and forage taken for the subsistence of the men and animals of your command, proper vouchers must be given, and the amount forwarded to the depot commissary and quartermaster at Clarksburg. You will report to Colonel N. Wilkinson, Sixth West Virginia Infantry, at Clarksburg, commanding troops west of Piedmont, and keep him fully advised of all matters of interest.

By order of Brevet Major-General Kelley:

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WESTON, W. VA., October 4, 1864.

Captain SHEETS, New Creek:

Keep your scouts active and the country thoroughly scouted.

B. . KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

