
CUMBERLAND, October 4, 1864.

W. P. SMITH,

Martinsburg:

The general has gone west. Left here on Thursday night. Is at Buckhannon to-day. I will arrange to send a guard of twenty men, all we can spare, on eastern being train, as far as Sir John's Run. Our information was that a part started for the road on Saturday, but I think they have gone back, or they would have attempted to capture the train ere this.

W. B. KELLEY,

Aide-de-Camp.

WESTON, October 4, 1864.

(Received 5th.)

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN:

The enemy have retreated. The expedition was commanded by Colonel Witcher, and the force about 1,000; they are poorly armed, but are now pretty well mounted. The left Jeffersonville, in Tazewell County, and came via Princeton; crossed New River between the narrows; thence came through Union, Lewisburg, frankfort, Cold Knob, into Braxton and Lewis Counties. I presume they will return the same way. If you could intercept them about the Narrows or at Princeton, I think capture or dispersion would be an easy affair. I go to Buckhannon to-morrow; shall send a force to occupy Bulltown, with instructions to keep the country wells scouted as far as Sutton.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., October 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

You will observe the following directions respecting the coming elections:

I. In the city of Baltimore I particularly desire to avoid the slightest demonstration looking to military interference. In no case must bodies of armed soldiers be allowed to approach the ;polls, except to put down and outbreak for which the police are insufficient, and then the mayor must first apply to you for assistance for that purpose.

II. To those district in which the judges of election have formally solicited military protection, by petitions, signed by them, and forwarded to headquarters,d o not hesitate to send troops. As to the number of troops to be sent to such districts, be governed by the opinion of the judges of election. Looking to the safety of the soldiers, it is better, in case of doubt, to send a strong detachment than a weak one.

III. As the object of sending these detachments is purely to protect and support the judges of election in enforcing the law regulating the exercise of the voting privilege (see the constitution to be submitted), the officers in charge will be order to proceed to the designated district or precinct, and report to the judges themselves, and inform them that they have been ordered to so report, and place themselves and their commands subject to the orders of such judges, by whom they must be governed throughout the two days of the election.

