
Early's corps, Kershaw's division, and from Fitzhugh Lee's cavalry I have no prisoners from Breckinridge's corps for there days, but have had other information from prisoners, from scouts who have been to Winchester, and from my cavalry, who have been to the Front Royal and Strasburg pike, that as yet no rebel troops have gone toward Richmond. My estimate of Early's force is about 27,000 infantry. Captain Blazer's company of mounted men, of General Crook's command, had a fight with Mosby yesterday. Killed 2 officers and 11 men, nd captured 6 men; also a number of horses and equipments. Our cavalry captured 1 officer and 3 men. The enemy's loss in their attack on General Crook yesterday, was greater than I first reported. They left a number of their dead unburied.

P. H. SHERIDAN.

WASHINGTON, September 5, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

The information contained in dispatch of 29th was obtained by the scouts from an agent need Cammack, an old man who lives near Orange Court-House. Scouts in this morning, who derive their information from same source, report following:

No troops have passed to of the Valley since Fitzhugh Lee's cavalry went up. Force of infantry now there is Ewell's old corps, Breckinridge's division, and Anderson's brigade of Field's division. Have been steadily falling back of late, but no signs of their leaving the Valley.

This information is to the 3rd instant, and Mr. Babcock, who has charge of scouts, thinks it reliable.

GEO. K. LEET,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(The quoted portion of dispatch transmitted by Keet to Sheridan, same date.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 249. Washington, September 5, 1864.

* * * * *

18. Brigadier General J. A. J. Lightburn, U. S. Volunteers, now disabled by a wound,is hereby relieved from duty with the Fifteenth Army Corps, and will, on his recovery, report in person, without delay, to the commanding general Department of West Virginia, of assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

September 5, 1864.

This entire command will be under arms promptly at 4 to-morrow morning. Artillery and trains will be harnessed and hitched. An exact compliance with this order is required.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

