
Unless such judges request interference, under no circumstances must they interfere, either by stationing guards at the polls, sending out patrols, arresting persons, offering to vote, dispersing crowds, or in any other manner. Unless otherwise requested by the judges, they must not even post their detachment within one mile of the polls.

Nothing in the above paragraph, however, must be construed to prohibit them from taking such action as may be necessary, in their judgment, to repel or prevent any contemplated assault upon their detachments. In this, each one must exercise a sound discretion, for which he will be held to strict accountability.

Each officer will be required to keep his men together and at their arms, ready for instant action; he must also see that they do not talk to any person unnecessarily, and particularly on politics or the subjects involved in the elections-this to avoid the possibility of disputation and ultimate personal collisions. The detachments will each take forty rounds of ammunition per man and five days' rations. When the election is over the officers will return their commands to Baltimore as soon as possible.

IV. As to other district, upon request for military guards, accompanies by satisfactory proofs, such as affidavits or petitions of citizens undoubtedly loyal, that there is an intention or conspiracy to deprive the Union voters of their right to ot, to stand at the polls, to challenge, or to observe the conduct of the judges of election in the performance of their duties, send detachments to such places, if you have them to spare. The orders to officers in charge in such cases must be specific:

1. Not to attempt to compel any judge to do his duty or to comply with any requirement of the law, but simply to protect loyal men from violence, injury, or molestation.

2. For this purpose such officers will notify the judges, and all other citizens who may inquire what their orders are, and for what object they have been sent.

The foregoing regulations as to outfit, supply, and conduct of the men will apply to these latter detachments.

You had better print the orders for such officers' use, observing that more judgment will be required in the case of detachments sent upon request of citizens than in that of those sent at the instance of the judges of election. You had better also print separate instructions in the two cases.

In cases not provided for in the above instruction act according to your judgment, recollecting that I am governed in this matter by the principle that, as far as possible, loyal men must be protected in all their rights.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

I have not time to copy. Frame your instructions on this alone and preserve it.

L. W.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 4, 1864.

Brigadier General R. DELAFIELD, Chief Engineer, Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations on the defenses of Washington during the year ending September 30, 1864:

The defenses, as now constructed, consist, in the aggregate, of 60 inclosed forts, having an aggregate crest of 25,799 yards, with emplacements

