
Fort Woodbury: Parapets re-enforced, scarp built up on 45 degrees slope; new bomb-proof constructed 150 feet long; new magazine and new filling-room constructed, and three traverses made and interior revetment rebuilt.

Fort Cass: Parapets have been re-enforced, scarp built up on 45 degrees slope, new embrasures and platforms made, one traverse built and new bomb-proof seventy-two feet long put up. old flankers torn down and caponiere pu ins stockade gorge.

Fort Tillinghast: Parapets re-enforced, scarp built up on 45 degrees slope, new interior revetment put up, embrasures and platforms repaired; bomb-proof commenced at date of lat report has been completed, two new traverses built, two magazines rebuilt, abatis renewed, flankers torn down, and two redans for flanking stockade gorge put up, and interior of fort sodded.

Fort Craig: Parapets re-enforced, new interior revetment put up, abatis renewed; bomb-proof commenced at date of last report has been completed, two new traverses built, interior of fort sodded, two flankers torn down, and two redans for flanking put up in stockade gorge.

Fort Richardson: The scarp of this work has ben rivetted with plank, and sodding repaired.

Fort Berry; A new bomb-proof guard-house has been built and fort sodded.

Fort Barnard: Scarp has been rivetted with plank, new magazines built, embrasures newly rivetted with gabions, and sodding repaired.

Fort Reynolds: Interior revetment has been repaired, and embrasures newly rivetted with gabions.

Battery Garsche: A new traverse has been built.

Fort Ward: This fort has been torn down and newly constructed and enlarged to nearly twice its original size; three new magazines and two new filling or implement rooms have been built, all serving as traverses; one bomb-proof 208 feet long has been built, and another of same length is in course of construction. The new fort is now nearly completed, and is one of the strongest works on the defenses.

Fort Ellsworth: The old bomb-proofs and traverses have been torn dawn, two new magazines have been built, and a new bomb-proof 160 feet long is in course of construction and nearly completed.

Forts Lyon, Weed, Farnsworth, O'Roke, and Willard: Interior revetments have been repaired, crests sodded, embrasures rivetted. Portions of the exterior slopes of the four latter works have been sodded.

Battery Rodgers, nearly completed at date of last report, has been finished, inclosed, and sodded.

INTERIOR LINE.

Fort Bennett: Magazine has been re-enforced.

Fort Corcoran: One magazine has bee rebuilt and the other two re-enforced; a new bomb-proof 158 feet long has been built; interior revetment repaired; embrasures newly rivetted, and seven new platforms and embrasures made.

Fort Whipple: At date of last report this work was nearly completed; since that date two filling-rooms (traverses) and one bomb-proof guard-house have been built, the terre-pleins graded, and the interior of the work completely sodded.

Fort Albany: Scarp revetment has been repaired, and some alternations in platforms and embrasures made.

