
The repairs needed at Fort Worth are so extensive as to amount nearly to rebuilding the entire fort, as has been done as Fort Ward.

Military roads are required to be built as follows:

From Fort Whipple, passing to rear of Forts Tillinghast and Craig, down thee ravine in front of Fort Albany, to connect with the road to Convalescent camp, a distance of one mile and five-sixths, whence there is now a good road to Fort Ward; thence a road from Fort Ward, passing to rear of Forts Worth and Williams, to Ellsworth, a probably distance of two miles and a half. Also a road from Fort O'Roke to Fort Willard, and branch to Fort Farnsworth, a distance of one mile and 245 feet.

In addition to the work mentioned above as in progress or contemplated t be done, there are two or three other works with reference to which no decision has been made, though the matter has been under consideration.

DEFENSES NORTH OF THE POTOMAC.

These consist of 29 forts, having a total length of 13,295 yards of crest of parapet, with emplacements for 416 guns, 55 batteries, having 3,516 yards of crest of parapet, with emplacements for 262 guns, and 14,842 yards of infantry parapet or covered way. The armament of these works at present is 385 guns and 38 mortars.

During the past year the force employed has been engaged as follows:

Fort Foote: Completing the fort, with its counterscarp galleries.

Fort Greble: Constructing two new magazines, bomb-proofs, traverses,a nd repairing parapet.

Fort Carroll: Constructing four bastions, new magazine implement room (huse), traverses, platforms, embrasures, repairing old revetments, grading glacis, and renewing abatis.

Fort Snyder: Repairing parapet and constructing new platforms.

Fort Stanton: Constructing three bastions, two new magazines, bomb-proofs, traverses, platforms, embrasures, grading glacis, and renewing abatis.

Forts Ricketts, Wagner, Davis, and Du Pont: Repairing parapets and revetments, and constructing new platforms and embrasures.

Fort on hill south of Fort Mahan, proposed to be called Fort Chaplin: Constructing the fort, which is a new one and nearly finished.

Fort Mahan: Repairing and enlarging the rifle-pits and constructing a new battery.

Battery Jameson: Repairing and improving parapet, rebuilding bomb-proofs and platforms.

Forts Lincoln, Thayer, Saratoga, Bunker Hill, and Slemmer: Repairing old revetment, parapets, and sodding; completing several batteries between these works.

Fort Totten: Repairing magazine, revetment, and parapet; sodding; building a part of the scarp wall with stone, and renewing abatis.

Forts Slocum and Stevens: Repairing parapets, grading glacis, and renewing abatis; clearing trees and completing batteries between the forts; constructing a battery and infantry parapet to left of Rock Creek bridge, back of military road.

Forts De Russy and and Kearny: Repairing parapets and sodding.

Forts Reno, Bayard, Simmons, nd Mansfield: Repairing and sodding parapets; completing batteries and first, and laying abatis.

Fort Sumner: Repairing the parapets and magazines; constructing two traverses in Redoubt Davis.

