
Two new batteries near canal: Constructing the batteries, one of which is finished and the other nearly done.

In nearly all of the forts new platforms were constructed after the report of the board of officers ordered to revise the armament. Great quantities of bushes have been cut in front of the works, and some woods and orchards felled in the neighborhoods of Forts Stevens, Slocum, and Mahan.

these works are, generally speaking, in good condition, so far as their interior arrangements are concerned, the principal defect being the want of good strong abatis around some of the forts. They have all been provided with abatis, but some of the forts. They have earl been provided with abatis, but some of it is over three years old, and so rotten and broken as to be almost useless as a means of defense, and so dry as to be easily set on fire. The parapets of some of the forts have been sloped and sodded, but in many others this has not been done, and the slopes are more or less washed out of shape in consequence. Each fort is provided with at least one good dry magazine, and nearly all have bomb-proofs. In some of the forts, however, bomb-proofs have never been built, but it is proposed to construct them as soon as the completion of more important works on the line will permit.

The present length of the military road, with its branches, is about eighteen miles. It is in a passable condition, but needs repairs in some places.

The work remaining to be done is as follows:

Fort Foote: A battery ont he bank of the river in rear of Fort Foote, to flank the water approach to that work, should be constructed, and a redoubt should be built on Rosier's Hill, which is the key of the position.

Fort Carroll requires a new magazine and bomb-proof.

Fort Stanton requires a battery and some rifle-pits to sweep the ravine in front.

Anacostia Bridge requires a block-house or other protection to the head of the bridge.

Fort Baker needs an additional bomb-proof; also a battery and covered way to sweep the ravine in front.

Fort Baker to Fort Mahan: This line requires additional defenses not yet determined.

Fort Mahan requires a bomb-proof and two new magazines.

Eastern Branch: Some defenses on the west bank are required to prevent the crossing of the stream and to flank the approach to Fort Mahan.

Fort Lincoln requires a new magazine; also counterscarp galleries to flank the ditches.

Forts Thayer, Saragot, Bunker Hill, and Totten require new magazines.

Fort Slocum requires a new magazine and bomb-proof in the old fort.

Fort Stevens: Part of the abatis of this fort wants renewing, and a flanking battery or infantry parapet on the right of the fort would add greatly to its strength.

Forts De russy, Kearny, Reno, Bayard, Simmons, and Mansfield are all in good condition.

Fort Sumner requires a new magazine in each redoubt; also a bomb-proof.

Battery Martin Scott and Chain-Bridge Battery require repairs.

Aqueduct Bridge: A small battery should be built to sweep this bridge.

