
In additional to the work detailed above, the greater number of the present first require sodding; many require new abatis, revetment of breast-heights, and scarps.

The new magazines stated above as need are to replace those first constructed, which were built of white pine boards and frame, in the quickest manner, when the earlier forts were being hastily thrown up. The boards of these building are now rotting out, causing leaks, which render the magazines unfit for the safe keeping of ammunition. They should be rebuilt a more permanent manner of logs and oak boards.

Some of the forts have never been provided with bomb-proofs and filling-rooms, which are very necessary.

MILITARY ROADS.

No proper military road has yet been constructed to connect the works over the Eastern Branch. Such a road is a very useful and essential part of the system of the defenses.

Again, that portion of the military road between Fort Stevens and Fort Lincoln was made more with a view of taking advantage of the existing roads of the country, for giving facilities in constructing the different works, than with a view of getting a military road under cover from an enemy, over which troops and artillery could move unseen and in security during an attack, and, as a consequence, the location of this road could be much improved.

RECAPITULATION.

The defenses of Washington consist of 60 forts, 93 batteries, and 35,711 yards of infantry covered way. There are emplacements provided for 1,447 guns. The present armament is 762 guns and 74 mortars.

Notwithstanding the great number of works, and their numerous artillery, we should be careful not to allow ourselves to assume either of these as a standard by which to estimate the security they give to the city. The works are passive, and of themselves have no strength, uncles they are properly manned. The line of defense is some thirty-seven miles long, and to man such a line properly against the attack or investment of a powerful army will require a large force. In such a case, the works stand for so many men, enabling a smaller force to resist a larger one. Up to this time, these defenses have done all that they have been called upon to do; have fulfilled the object for which they were built. It is our duty to see that they shall be enabled to withstand any possible attacks in the future. No one would have believed twelve months ago that within a year a large force of the enemy would encamp within sight of the Capitol, and that one of our forts would be seriously threatened. Yet it has ben even so, and if that fort had not been built, or had been improperly constructed, there can be but little doubt but that the enemy would have taken possession of the seat of government.

Improbably as it may appear at the present time it is the part of prudence to remember. It history repeats itself, and that we should guard against such a contingency in the future. To do this effectually, we must keep the defenses in order. These being built of perishable materials, like a railroad, require constant repairs; old magazines require to be repaired or rebuilt; new bomb-proofs are required in many of the works;l decayed revetments must be renewed; worn-out

