
gun platforms require renewal; decayed abatis must be replaced by new; the scarps require constant attention-they must all be sodded, or rivetted with masonry before the works can assume a permanent character; all interior eathern slopes of traverses, magazines, bomb-proofs, camps, &amp;c., should be sodded; beside, some additional redoubts and batteries should be built in order to render these already constructed more secure. For these objects, "To keep in repair and render more permanent the defenses of Washington," an appropriation of $500,000 for the fiscal year ending July 1, 1866, will be required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, October 5, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Scouts in this morning from Culpeper state Longstreet had joined Early with 5,000 men, besides Pickett's division and Rosser's brigade of cavalry. All new troops have been sent forward as rapidly as we could get them out of the hands of the State authorities. There has been no neglect on this point.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., October 5, 1864-10.30 p. m.

(Received 6th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Longstreet has been reported as having gone to the Valley, but took no troops. Kershaw's division of his corps started back to Richmond before Sheridan's first fight, but was turned back from about Gordonsvile. Rosser's brigade of cavalry has gone, but no other troops of any kind. We have had prisoners and deserters, I believe, from every brigade of Lee's army within the last few days, and know the location of every division at this time.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

Strasburg, October 5, 1864.

Corps commander will have their artillery and wagons hitched up at daylight to-morrow morning.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

Harrisonburg, Va., October 5, 1864.

This command will march from its present camp to New Market at 5.30 o'clock to-morrow morning, in the following order:

1. The Sixth Corps will move, on the right of the pike, to New Market.

