
2. The Nineteenth Corps, on the left of the pike, to the same place.

3. The Army of West Virginia will constitute the rear guard to New Market, and will march on both sides of the pike.

4. The Sixth Corps train, ammunition wagons, ambulances, and artillery will move on the pike, followed by the Nineteenth Corps train, ammunition wagons, ambulances, and artillery.

5. The headquarters wagons, ambulances, ammunition train, and artillery of the Army of West Virginia will follow the train of the Nineteenth Army Corps.

6. Custer's division of cavalry will move on the Back road; Merritt's, on the pike. They will encamp to-morrow night in accordance with such special instructions as they may receive.

7. Corps, division, and brigade commanders will be held responsible that no buildings are burned except by special instructions from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 5, 1864.

Major General C. C. AUGUR, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of Washington, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that the six companies Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps now here be ordered to start to-day for Rock Island, Ill., there to report to the commanding officer of the post for duty. The Secretary also directs that you furnish a regiment to replace the Fourth in its present duties under the military governor of Washington. Please report execution of this order.

I am, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Military Governor of Washington, D. C.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 5, 1864.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that by orders of this date Major-General Dix has been directed to designate one of the three regiments of regular infantry now at New York Harbor and put it en route for this city, with orders to report to you. As the drafted men of this district are to be assigned to regular regiments saving in the Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to request that on the arrival of this regiment you designate a suitable camp for it, in which the drafted men can be properly guarded.

Very respectfully, &c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

19 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

