
CITY POINT, VA., September 5, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 1.20 p. m. 6th.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR:

For some time back bounty and substitute men have been deserting to the enemy immediately on their arrival here to take advantage of Cooper's General Orders, No 65, premising to send such persons trough the enemy's lines at the nearest point to their homes. Richmond papers of to-day announce that the now have several hundred such deserters who are to be sent off. I think the route that will be taken by many of them will be to cross the bay into Accomac of else the Potomac above Point Lookout. I wish you would have a close lookout kept for them, and send all you get back here for trial.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEAR BERRYVILLE, September 5, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 1 p. m. 6th.)

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

Your telegram of yesterday received. I have had scouts at Winchester, have had cavalry on the Front Royal pike and scouting parties as far as the Strasburg. The result of their operations and all the information that they have been able to obtain is to the effect that no troops have left the Valley. Within the last two days have captured prisoners from Early's corps, Fitz Lee's cavalry, and Kershaw's division, to the number of between 60 and 70; they know of no troops having left. Breckinridge and Early were at Kershaw's headquarters this morning, on the Berryville pike, this side of the crossing of the Opequon Creek. It is possible that troops have left but if so, I have no tangible evidence of it.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

NEAR BERRYVILLE, VA., September 5, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 10.30 a. m. 6th.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

I have the honor to transmit to you a copy of dispatch received from Lieutenant-General in reference to the course to be pursued in clearing out London Country.* I request that you use your own good judgment in the execution of the original order, which was transmitted with the modification as set forth in the dispatch now forwarded and the other heretofore sent you. I think it best to clean out that section of country,leaving a bare subsistence to those who are undoubtedly Union, and paying for what may be destroyed belonging to such Union people.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

---------------

* See September 4, p. 22.

---------------

