
when they will arrive. You will have to spread your command more as the work progresses. I will soon send some cavalry, which will relieve the guards a good deal.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.

ALEXANDRIA, October 5, 1864.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: It is reported that Mosby, with about 500 men, was in the vicinity of Rectortown yesterday. The patrols report all quiet to-day.

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-General, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., October 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit, the following report, as a consecutive detailed account of the information gained on my recent scout in the direction of Culpeper Court-House, though the most of it has been already anticipated by previous reports:

I learned from the statements of many persons living in the immediate vicinity of Culpeper Court-House that there are no troops at that point, except a small home-guard, numbering perhaps 100 men, and a few cavalry, about twenty, chiefly scouts; and from a person but three days previous to my inquiry from Gordonsville I learned that there is no force occupying Gordonsville or its approaches from this direction, except a small railroad guard from Gordonsville ot Orange Courte-House, along the line of the Organize and Alexandria road, and that there is no force occupying Gordonsville, except a provost conscript guard of a few men, a few conscripts, and a portion of a regiment, about 200 men, composing a recruiting camp for disabled horses. Concerning the re-enforcement sent to Early, I was told by three persons, whose knowledge seemed derived from different sources, that Early had been re-enforced by about 5,000 men, sent forward with Longstreet, who was to assume command; that, besides this, Pickett's division and Rosser's brigade of cavalry had been sent him. I could not learn, however, positively on this point, whether Picketts' division and Rosser's brigade of cavalry had been sent him. I could not learn, however, positively on this point, whether Picket's division was with Longstreet or had been sent at a different time so that some doubt appears as to these 5,000. Kershaw's division, which arrived at Culpeper Court-House from the Valley about fifteen days since, on its way to Richmond, and which attacked me at Culpeper on my previous scout to the Rapidan, on the very day after its arrival at Culpeper, was ordered to Gordonsville and thence to re-enforce Early. It left Gordonsville about six days ago. There is some doubt about Longstreet having left Richmond at all for active service, so the Honorable Mr. Botts informed me; and he further said that it was extremely doubtful, in the opinion of surgeons attending him, whether Lonsgreet would ever be able to resume active field service again, as his wound had been through the neck as well as shoulder, and had deranged some nervous

