
center, so that it was found necessary to keep him more under the influence of morphine. Mosby was seen in Culpeper five days since by a son of Mr. Botts. He walks with a cane with difficulty, and was on his way up the country to join his band with a few of his men. The Orange and Alexandria Railroad is in good order beyond Rappahannock Station to Culpeper, though trains do not now run beyond Orange Court-House. Kincheloe's men have all been relieved from duty in the vicinity of Warrenton and Culpeper, in Fauguier and Culpeper Counties, and have returned to their old places along the Occoquan. They came home ten days ago to the number of about seventy men. In starting on my scout, I went in the direction of the United States Ford of the Rappahannock, intending to push on to the vicinity of Orange Court-House, but the roads were so exceedingly heavy that opposite Dumfries I was compelled to abandon so long a route, and crossed the country to the vicinity of Culpeper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

October 5, 1864.

The corps will move at 5.30 to-morrow a. m. to New Market, the artillery, ambulances, and trains on the pike in the order named, the troops on the right of the pike in two columns, in the following order: first, First Division; second, Second Division; third, Third Division. The pickets will be withdrawn by Colonel Henry, corps officer of the day, in time to join their commands for the march. Division and brigade commanders will be held responsible that no buildings are burned on the march.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Harrisonburg, Va., October 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General MERRITT,

Commanding First Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: It is the intention at present for the army to fall back to Mount Jackson to-morrow, so you will hold your division in readiness to follow that movement. Your route will be from where you are to Harrisonburg. Just at the north side of town, turn to the left and go by Kratzer's Spring to Timberville, then taking a road between the Back road and the pike. Timberville is on the road from New Market to Brock's Gap and about seven miles from New Market. your right will rest at Timberville and extend well to the left toward New Market. General Custer will move on the Back road, and take position on your right to Brock's Gap. On your march, after leaving Harrisonburg, collect all stock and burn the forage you can't use. Regiments will be detailed for this purpose, and the balance of your command kept well in hand. When you get to Timberville communicate with the pike. Colonel Powell is to connect with your left, if he can be got there in time. Further orders will be sent for you to start.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.

