
ask Surgeon Blaney to furnish you a statement, if he can do so, of the probably number he can send off per week; also when he thinks the hospital at that post can be broken up. I have no orders as yet upon the subject, but anticipate that it may be done. I would send you the additional force that you ask for, but have no troops at my disposal to do so. There is not a single infantry regiment or cavalryman left here. My whole force consists of infantry stragglers, artillery, and dismounted cavalry. If I receive any additional troops, I shall strengthen your command. Advise me at once of all reliable information you may receive, indicating an organized force of the enemy formidable enough to threaten you or our lines of communication. I do not apprehend any serious difficulty from Early's stragglers.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, October 5, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that I have arrived at this post and assumed command, in obedience to orders.

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., October 5, 1864.

Lieutenant C. A. BENJAMIN,

Commanding Detachment Twenty-first New York Cavalry:

SIR: You will proceed with your command to green Spring Run, W. Va., where you will make your headquarters until further orders. You will scout in your front a distance of six to ten miles; this scouting will be done frequently. You will keep up communication by patrols with the troops stationed four miles this side of Green Spring Run, W. Va. You will use every precaution against being surprised by the enemy, and to guard the railroad against interruption by any rebel force. You will furnish regular monthly and tri-monthly returns to your regimental headquarters, and will report frequently by letter to these headquarters. Whenever you send out scouting parties you will be careful to give the men strict instructions and injunctions against plundering, or in any way molesting the persons or the property of citizens of the country through which they may be passing.

By order of John E. Wynkoop, colonel commanding division:

E. W. CLARK, JR.,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 92. Baltimore, October 5, 1864.

hereafter officers stationed in this department, and not on duty in this city or its defenses,a re forbidden to visit the city of Baltimore, without authority from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

