
the State, of the richest and most loyal, have been invaded by a force of about 800 rebel soldier, well armed and mounted, and under command of General Witcher, who have robbed and plundered our people until they are almost destroyed and are very much dispirited; and unless they can have greater security, I fear many of them will abandon the country, and leave the disloyal element in the majority. General Kelley has now temporarily under his command probably enough troops to protect that portion of the State lying north of the Great Kanawha; and with this view, I request and recommend that the troops now under his command in this State be allowed to remain here for the protection of the section mentioned.

Very respectfully,

A. I. MOREMAN.

MARTINSBURG, October 6, 1864.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Brevet Major-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

Couriers have just come in from Winchester stating that the rebel cavalry have been interrupting communications with the front and captured dispatches from General Sheridan. Men who escaped from he rebels say that among those dispatches was an order to me to send no more wagon trains. Can you give me any information?

C. W. TOLLES,

Lieutenant-General and Chief Quartermaster.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 6, 1864-1.20 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. TOLLES,

Martinsburg:

Supplies must be continued to be sent by Winchester till General Sheridan directs them by the other line. No recent information here of General Sheridan.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

Near Mount Jackson, October 6, 1864.

The command will move at early dawn to-morrow morning to Woodstock in the following order, viz:

1. The trains of Brevet Major-General Crook's command will cross the bridge at early dawn, and after reaching the north bank will double on the pike so that two wagons will be abreast, and will proceed to Woodstock under a small escort. After reaching a point one mile beyond Woodstock they will be drawn off the road and halt for further orders.

2. The trains of the Sixth Corps will follow the trains of General Crook, and will double on the pike in the same way and proceed to the same point, be drawn off the pike, and await further orders.

