
3. The trains of the Nineteenth Corps will follow those of the Sixth Corps in the same order. A small escort will be sent with the trains of the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps by the respective corps commanders.

4. After the trains of the Nineteenth Corps have crossed the bridge the command of General Crook will cross the bridge, and on arriving at Mount Jackson will take the left-hand side of the pike, with its artillery on the pike doubled.

5. After the command of General Crook has passed the bridge the Sixth Corps will cross, and on arriving at Mount Jackson will take the right of the pike, with its artillery on the pike doubled.

6. After the Sixth Corps has crossed the bridge the Nineteenth Corps will cross, and on its arrival at Mount Jackson will take both sides of the pike, with its artillery on the pike, and will constitute the rear guard.

7. If the fords at or near the bridge are found practicable they will be used as well as the bridge. This command will camp at or near Wooodstock to-morrow night.

8. The cavalry will move under the special instructions given Brevet Major-General Torbert, chief of cavalry.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 6, 1864.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that tin accordance with the orders of the Secretary of War, dated yesterday, Major-General Dix has designated the Third U. S. Infantry as the regiment he will put en route to this city to report to you. I have also the honor to request that upon its arrival here you report the fact to this office, giving the locality of the camp which you have selected for it.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,October 6, 1864.

Colonel M. N. WISEWELL,

Military Governor of Washington:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that three companies Veteran Reserve Corps have been ordered to report to you, two from the Baltimore and Washington railroad and one from the depot at Giesborough Point. He directs also that your order a company, commanded by a good captain, to take post at Camp Relief (Seventh street), for the purpose of receiving and guarding such drafted men as may be turned over to him by Captain Putnam, provost-marshal District of Columbia. The services of this company will be needed only until a regular regiment, now under orders from New York,

