
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

October 6, 1864.

Division commanders will at once throw out a sufficient number of pickets for the protection of their commands-the First Division on the right, with its right on the pike; on its left, the Second Division; and next, the Third Division. The pickets will be thrown out well to the front, under the general direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Hamilton, Sixty-second New York Volunteers, corps officer of the day.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

October 6, 1864.

The corps will move to-morrow morning to Woodstock, in the following order: The trains, hospital and medicine wagons, and one-half the ambulances will, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the corps, follow trains of General Crook's command, which start at early dawn, crossing the bridge, and, after reaching the north bank, will double on the flank so that two wagons will be abreast, and move to and beyond Woodstock. Brigadier-General Getty will send one regiment as a guard. After reaching a point one mile beyond Woodstock, they will be drawn off the road to await further orders.

The trains of the Nineteenth Corps follow those of this, then General Crook's command crosses the bridge, and upon arriving at Mount Jackson, takes the left-hand side of the pike, with its artillery on the pike denoted.

This corps will follow Crook's command in this order: first, Second Division; second, one-half the ambulances; third, artillery; fourth, Third Division; fifth, First Division; and upon reaching Mount Jackson will take the right-hand side of the pike, moving in two columns, the ambulances and artillery on the pike, doubled, and camp at or near Woodstock. If the fords at or near the bridge are practicable, they will be used as well as the bridge.

Colonel Hamilton, corps officer of the day, will withdraw the pickets in time for them to join their commands for the march.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, October 6, 1864.

Hon E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Received dispatch from Colonel Edwards, at Winchester, as follows:

GENERAL: The picket-post from the army at the front, 150 cavalry stationed at Mount Jackson, were attacked at daylight on 3rd instant. One captain and thirty-nine men of said post reported night before last here; fifteen have come in to-day. They were captured and paroled by the Seventh Virginia Cavalry. They represent that Hampton's Legion was expected early yesterday morning, at daybreak, at Cedar Creek; also that a dispatch-hearer from General Sheridan, with orders not to send any trains forward, was captured by the enemy; also that they heard heavy firing yesterday morning at the front. The train that left here yesterday morning for the front had 1,200 cavalry and 300 infantry for escort. There is a

