
destroyed by guerrillas, but that the streams were fordable, and he thought no serious delay would be caused to the trains. He also says that General Sheridan directed him to have the commanding officer of this post forward duplicates of all dispatches forwarded from here since September 29. I do not find that anything but sealed dispatches have been sent from here since that date, and therefore presume that he meant Harper's Ferry instead of this place. All dispatches received from you to this time have gone forward. Mr. Kellogg, who left Winchester at noon to-day, reports that the advance of the large train sent from here yesterday evening was just entering the town as he left.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, October 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General SEWARD,

Martinsburg:

Send all line officers at the post of Martinsburg belonging to General Sheridan's army to this post at once, to take command of recruits, &amp;c., organized here to go to the front. You will arrest any officer who, upon notice, fails to leave for this post on first train, and report to me the names of officers so arrested.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

CLARKSBURG, October 6, 1864.

(Received 12.55 a.m. 7th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

I returned to this place this evening from the interior. The rebels have retreated east of the mountains. I have placed a small force at Bulltown, in Braxton County; also at Weston and Buckhannon. The railroad west of Cumberland is now perfectly safe. I return to Cumberland, Md., to-morrow.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CLARKSBURG, October 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General BUNKER,

Grafton:

You can relieve all of your command in the morning. I will see you at Grafton to-morrow.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 235. Chambersburg, Pa., October 6, 1864.

* * * *

4. Brigadier General T. A. Rowley, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Monongahela District, will send, without delay, one company of the First Battalion, 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, from Pittsburg to Williamsport,

