
Pa. to report to Captain W. H. Blair, provost-marshal Eighteenth District, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

5. Lieutenant Colonel Charles Stewart, First Battalion, 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, will relieve, without delay, Captain J. P. Short, Sixteenth Regiment Reserve Corps, from the command of troops at Johnstown, Pa. Upon being relieved Captain J. P. Short will proceed to Bloomsburg and resume command of the troops in Columbia County, Pa.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 6, 1864.

Major General J. A. DIX,

Comdg. Department of the East, New York City:

Designate one of the regular regiments of infantry now in depot at New York Harbor, and order it to Hart's Island, to take charge of the new depot for prisoners of war at that place and for recruitment. Please acknowledge receipt by telegraph, and report your action to this office.

By order of the Secretary of War:

R. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WOODSTOCK, VA., October 7, 1864-11.30 p.m.

(Received 8 p.m. 8th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Do not send any transportation on the Front Royal road until I advise you to that effect. The regimental wagons of the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps have been converted into supply wagons, and the essential effects of the corps stored at Winchester. This may cause the delay of a day or two at Cedar Creek or Front Royal. This delay would be necessary, in order to fully ascertain the results of my retrograde movement on the enemy. I would have preferred sending the troops via the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, but the effect of opening the Front Royal road may be very good. For particulars as to the recent movements here, I would refer to telegram of this date to General Grant. The figures given are the minimum.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WOODSTOCK, VA., October 7, 1864-9 p.m.

(Received 9th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

I have the honor to report my command at this point to-night. I commenced moving back from Port Republic, Mount Crawford, Bridgewater,

