
WOODSTOCK, VA., October 7, 1864-3 p.m.

(Received 8 p.m. 8th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram of 3rd received. I had one small division of cavalry in the Luray Valley at Luray. From this I sent a party of 400 picked men to destroy the bridge over the Rapidan. The balance of the division passed down to Millwood, cleaning out the valley entire from Swift Gap to Millwood. They were driving before them 3,000 head of stock. I directed the occupation of Chester Gap and Front Royal, and will send additional force around via Strasburg. Under the present condition of affairs here I do not deem the occupation of Thornton's Gap as important, and it would very much weaken my force. I would not have advised the opening of the road to Front Royal. For further particulars, I refer you to my telegram of this date to General Grant. I have been unable to communicate more frequently on account of the operations of guerrillas in my rear. They have attacked every party, and I have sent my dispatches with a view of economizing as much as possible. Rebel papers speak of a battle at New Hope; it is untruthful. I made a demonstration on Brown's Gap on that day with a small party of cavalry, in order to cover Torbert's movements on Staunton and Waynesborough, and drew out Kershaw's division and some other troops, and occupied their attention, without the loss of anybody killed or wounded, and I think that the rebel loss was about the same. The report of one of my brigades of cavalry being ambuscaded in Luray Valley is also incorrect and unture.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WOODSTOCK, October 7, 1864-12 m.

(Received 7.55 p.m. 8th)

General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch notifying me of the assignment of Brigadier-General Seward to Martinsburg received. I think that the Ninth New York Artillery had better be kept with the fighting force.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

Near Woodstock, Va., October 7, 1864.

This command will resume the march to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock, in the following order, viz:

1. First, trains of the Nineteenth Army Corps; second, trains of the Army of West Virginia; third, trains of the Sixth Army Corps; fourth, supply train of the Third Cavalry Division. The trains will be moved to and parked near Strasburg, and await further orders.

2. After the trains have all moved out, the Nineteenth Army Corps will move out the right of the pike, with its artillery on the pike, and will halt at a point this side of Fisher's Hill.

3. The Army of West Virginia will follow the Nineteenth Army Corps, moving on the left of the pike, with artillery on the pike, and will halt at the same place as the Nineteenth Army Corps.

