HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., September 5, 1864.

Major DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Detachment Nineteenth Army Corps:

Major: In answer to your communication dated this a. m. requesting information I have the honor to reply:

The time at which general officers from this division visited the lines extended to a period subsequence to the time at which everything on our front was reported quiet. Staff officers from these headquarters were on the line continually from 3 a. m. until long after daylight. Lieutenant-Colonel Van Petten, officer of the day, reported to me at 8.30 o'clock this a. m., or some time thereafter, that he had heard the bugle calls of the enemy and the movement of their wagons. This information was not given me at an early hour this a. m. Within fifteen minutes after receiving this information I was officially informed that the commanding general was at the front and desired to see me. I had not time to officially report the information received from the officer of the day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,In the Field, September 5, 1864-1 p. m.

General W. MERRITT,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry directs that you drive in (across the Opequon) the pickets of the enemy north of the Winchester and Potomac Railroad, with a view to shortening the communications with General Avarel. He desires that you effect this with whatever force be necessary, but not to engage infantry.

I am, general, very respectfully,

M. A. RENO.

Captain and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,New Berryville, September 5, 1864-9 a. m.

Captain M. A. RENO,

Chief of Staff:

I have investigated the matter of the stampede in the train yesterday and find the fact to be follows:

The train had been parked properly and the guards posted in the most advantageous manner, when doctors, ambulance men, and other from General Crook's ambulance train, them a mile and a half nearer Kabletown, dashed into the park of our train with the report that Mosby had taken their or attacked it. This spread through our train and before anything could be done the whole thing was in confusion. It was, however, promptly suppressed and without communicating it in any way to the troops. Captain Hull, commanding Second New York, was prompt and vigorous; went to the assistance of General Crook's train and reused five ambulances. Two wagons and

