
ALEXANDRIA, VA., October 7, 1864.

(Received 11.30 a.m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Five hundred and fifty men Thirteenth and Sixteenth New York Cavalry have just arrived, and are being sent forward by railroad.

JNO. P. SLOUGH,

Brigadier-General.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, October 7, 1864-3.30 p.m.

(Received 5 p.m.)

Brigadier General D. C. McCALLUM:

The wreck at Thoroughfare Gap is clear and track repaired, and three trains have arrived at White Plains. It is reported that considerable track is destroyed between Salem and Rectortown. Colonel Gallupe, commanding at White Plains, has sent word to Mr. Wentz of the condition of the road at Salem. Eight hundred cavalrymen, with horses, &amp;c., have been forwarded from here by train since 9 a.m. I expect to have 1,200 on the way before dark, and one train railroad material.

M. J. McCRICKETT,

Superintendent.

ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD DEPOT, VA., October 7, 1864.

(Received 5 p.m.)

Brigadier General D. C. McCALLUM:

I find it impossible to get guards for seven one-third of the number of trains I am running on the Manassas line, but, to get through the work now crowding on us, I must start trains promptly, with or without guards, and take the chances. To be secure, each train ought to have at least thirty men to guard it, and run in convoy of two or three. When the road is open for business, I will require at least 540 men per day, 90 men each for six convoys. If troops were assigned to us for this duty, and put in camp here, I could arrange with the commanding officer to furnish their necessary details at regular hours. If Mr. Wentz does not return to-day or to-morrow, I will see you in regard to this.

M. J. McCROCKETT,

Superintendent.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., October 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that there is nothing of importance to report from this vicinity. Colonel Gansevoort left Alexandria this morning with 625 men, for Rectortown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.

