HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,October 7, 1864.

This command will resume its march to-morrow a.m., as follows: The trains, hospital and medicine wagons, and one-half the ambulances will follow the trains of the Nineteenth Corps and of General Crook, the first of which starts at 5 a.m., and will be moved to and parked near Strasburg, and await further orders; next comes the supply train of Third Cavalry Division; then the Nineteenth Corps, on the right of the pike, its artillery on the pike; the Army of West Virginia follows the Nineteenth Corps, moving on the left of the pike; this corps will follow General Crook's command, the Third Division moving on the left of the pike, in two columns, the First Division, at the same time, on the right of the pike, in two columns, the ambulances and artillery on the pike, in the order named; the Second Division will constitute the rear guard, moving on both sides of the pike. Colonel Tompkins will send a battery to report to General Getty General Ricketts will send one regiment as guard with the trains of this corps, which move in advance of the corps, and will withdraw his brigade, on the Nottoway, in time for the march.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 7, 1864-4.15 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding:

GENERAL: My whole force has crossed at Edenburg, except my skirmishers, who are now crossing Stony Creek. The enemy showed in our rear about a small brigade of cavalry, with dust behind. On arriving here, I found first General Merritt, then General Torbert. A few of the enemy followed our skirmish line at a long distance to the vicinity of Edenburg.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,October 7, 1864-8 p.m.

General MERRITT:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry directs that you follow the army, which will commence moving to-morrow a.m. at 5 o'clock, keeping all your train and artillery on the pike. At Woodstock you will send one brigade on a road to the left of the pike and to the right of the Back road, to thoroughly clean out the country to the left of that road, which passes along the west the pike will clean the country between the pike and the road first spoken of. Attend also to the right of the pike. If you can, to-morrow, ascertain the strength of the force following you.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

