
HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 7, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Captain Melvin, of General Sheridan's staff, came in last night; left General Sheridan's at 10 a.m. 5th. He was still at Harrisonburg. Reports the bridges along the road burned by guerrillas. Met trains going on all right. Nothing on road but guerrillas parties. Brought in body of Lieutenant John R. Meigs, killed by bushwhackers on Monday last, while making military survey.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, October 7, 1864.

(Received 12.10 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have reason to believe that certain officers of light batteries at this post have induced a portion of the German recruits of the State of Massachusetts to desert from camp, for the purpose of enlisting in their batteries. I have published an order requiring them to be returned instanter, and have notified them that I have authority to place all officers thus encouraging deserters in irons, to be sent before a proper court-martial for trial. I shall adopt such measures as will fix the guilt of the offense upon the proper parties.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General SHERIDAN,

Harper's Ferry:

Your action in respect to the officers procuring desertion is approved. Stop evil at all hazards. If need be, try the guilty parties by drumhead court-martial, and execute the sentence.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 7, 1864-10.40 p.m.

(Received 11.45 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Mosby, with 800 men and four pieces of artillery, started on a raid from the neighborhood of Snicker's Gap, in the direction of Alexandria yesterday morning. He has added to his old command about 300 men, and assembled them all together this week for this raid. I have the information so direct I think it perfectly reliable. It may be that he will cross the Potomac above Washington, and try a raid in Maryland, as him men have been promised the spoils of the Annapolis Bank. As to his leaving there is no doubt. He rides in a buggy, being unable to

