
ride on horseback, and his men are under the immediate command of Captain Whiting [Whitescarver]. McNeil, the guerrillas, is mortally wounded, lying at Middletown.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Winchester, Va., October 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

SIR: I have the honor to report that Captain Blazer, commanding scouts of Crook's command, has just reported that Mosby, with 800 men and four guns, started for a raid yesterday morning. This agrees with the report I sent you yesterday, that Mosby had started on a raid toward Alexandria. Captain Blazer reports that Mosby has recently conscripted 300 men. I send you the report as I received it for what it is worth. Captain Blazer reports Mosby wounded in the groin and calf; that he rides in a carriage; that his command in under the immediate command of Captain Whiting [Whitescarver]. Captain McNeil, guerrillas, is mortally wounded, lying at Middletown.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

GRAFTON, October 7, 1864.

Captain P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Harrisonburg, Va.:

I returned from the interior last night. Rebels have retreated through Braxton and Webster Counties. It was a portion of Morgan's late force, commanded by Colonel Witcher. I have placed a small force at Bulltown, also at Weston and Buckhannon. This region is now clear of rebel force, and the railroad is perfectly safe west of Cumberland. I hope Sullivan will be able to cut off the raiders on their return to the southwest portion of the State. I return to Cumberland to-night.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CLARKSBURG, October 7, 1864.

Governor BOREMAN,

Wheeling:

I returned from the interior last night. I have disposed of my force so as give protection to the railroad and the people of West Virginia. The rebels have retreated, and the northwest part of the State is entirely free from the invaders. The militia have been relieved, and are returning to their homes. I leave for Cumberland to-day.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

