HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Buckhannon, October 7, 1864.

Lieutenant C. A. FREEMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of West Virginia:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that I examined on the 6th instant the knob west of this place as a point for defense, also the several roads commanded by this knob, i.e., to Beverly, French Creek, and Clarksburg, and find it an admirable position for the artillery; the road leading to Weston it does not command but for a very short distance. I also examined a spur of the mountain on the northwest side of the town, and find that it also commands the approaches, including the Weston road, and affords a convenient and easy access to the Clarksburg road, which is important in the event we should be compelled to retire on that road. With three pieces of artillery (two 3-inch rifled and one 24-pounder howitzer) this place, in my judgment, could be successfully defended against much superior force. Water can be obtained in sufficient quantity for the necessary force at either point at a distance of about 300 yards, and I propose sinking six or eight wells in the garrison to supply the force in case our resources should be cut off during an engagement. If, in the opinion of the commanding general, it is important that the road to Weston should be thoroughly commanded, the last-named position, in my judgment, is he most available for defense, as it commands all the roads equally as well as the first-named knob, with the exception of the Beverly road. I am ready to commence the work at any moment the tools necessary to execute are furnished, which I respectfully request may be supplied without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GILPIN,

Commanding Forces at Buckhannon.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., October 7, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES GILPIN:

The general commanding directs that until further orders you will report to Colonel N. Wilkinson, Sixth West Virginia Infantry, Clarksburg, W. Va., commanding the troops west of Piedmont, W. Va., and keep him advised fully of all matters of interest relation to the movements of the enemy in the vicinity of your command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harrisonburg, October 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN:

Your telegram relative to rebel force at Lewisburg has been received. Information received here shows that they can be nothing more than guerrillas. You have sufficient force to hold the Valley against the enemy at present in your front, and must make every exertion to do so.

Arms can probably be obtained at Gallipolis, Ohio.

CROOK,

Brevet Major-General.

