
1864. The dispatch was received yesterday evening, and immediately acknowledged by telegraph. I am directed to designate one of the regular regiments of infantry to take charge of the new depot for prisoners at Hart's Island and for recruitment. I have only two regiments of infantry under my command, the Sixth and Seventh, leaving out the Twelfth, which is now at Fort Hamilton, and numbers 100 men, including band and recruits. The Third infantry has received orders to report to General Augur, at Washington, in compliance with special orders received the day before, and is now awaiting transportation. The withdrawal of this regiment already cripples me very much, and if another regiment be withdrawn from the forts to go to Hart's Island I will be obliged to leave some of the forts without garrison.

I append a list of the forts and their strength: Fort Hamilton, for duty, 100 men, includes band and recruits; Fort Lafayette, for duty, 70 men, Seventh Infantry; Fort [at] Sandy Hook, for duty, 140 men, volunteer battery; Fort Richmond, for duty, 133 men, Fifth Artillery; Fort Schuyler, for duty, 137 men, Seventh Infantry and recruits; Fort Wood, Bedloe's Island, for duty, 90 men, Sixth Infantry, includes band, and 73 detachments from volunteers; Battery Barracks, for duty, 61 men, Sixth Infantry, band and recruits, 14 men, detachment volunteer battery; Fort Columbus, for duty, 252 men, general service; Fort Columbus, for duty, 100 men, volunteer battery.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 7, 1864.

Major General J. A. DIX:

* * * * * *

A dispatch from General Stevenson reports an officer of Sheridan's staff just arrived. General Sheridan was still at Harrisonburg. His supply trains were going on all right, occasionally interrupted by guerrilla parties, the only rebel force on the road. This officer brought in the remains of Lieutenant John R. Meigs, of the Engineer Corps (and only son of Brevet Major-General Meigs, Quartermaster-General), who was killed by bushwhackers on Monday last while making a military survey. In the death of this gallant young officer the Department has occasion to deplore no ordinary loss. Last year he graduated at the Military Academy at West Point with the highest honors, at the head of his class; was commissioned as a lieutenant of engineers, and immediately sent into the field. He performed meritorious and distinguished services during the campaign of last year on the fortifications at Baltimore, at Harper's Ferry, and at Cumberland, and was made chief engineer in the Army of the Shenandoah. In the campaign he accompanied the army with Sigel, Hunter, and Sheridan. In every position he gave proof of great professional skill, personal courage, and devoted patriotism. One of the youngest and brightest of the military profession, he has fallen an early victim to murderous rebel warfare.

* * * * * *

E. M. STANTON.

