
be ready to receive them at Rockville. He has called in all his detachments, and sent them with the artillery to strengthen Colonel Knight, First Delaware Cavalry. He says he considers the force too weak to intrust the artillery with. He has been directed to use his infantry on line of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. If you can send 200 horses, the men are at the Relay House.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(The general commanding being absent.)

BALTIMORE, MD., October 8, 1864-4.30 p.m.

(Received 5.30 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Tyler's infantry force is very weak also; not over 600 men. General Morris has been directed to hold four companies Ninety-first New York Veterans, to send to General Tyler, if needed. This in all the available force we have. The Fifth Massachusetts has gone to the Eastern Shore on election duty.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(The general commanding being absent.)

BALTIMORE, October 8, 1864.

(Received 10.45 p.m.)

Colonel JAMES A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General:

The First Regiment Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers and Smith's cavalry are early all mentioned in the list of proper subjects to be furloughed, sent to Major Wood in obedience to your telegram of the 4th instant. They are with General Tyler, who, in obedience to General Halleck's order to-day, has sent the cavalry to Rockville and the infantry down the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. It is very likely they cannot be relieved, as there are no troops to relieve them with. They can vote where they are stationed in the State, according to the new constitution. I thought best to report this to you.

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADIER, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Relay House, October 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighth Army Corps, Baltimore:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that upon receipt of your telegram relative to guerrillas at Sandy Spring, I at once telegraphed Lieutenant-Colonel Knight, commanding First Delaware Cavalry, at Monrovia, as follows:

Start at once with all the available men you can spare and intercept a band of guerrillas reported at Sandy Spring, Montgomery County, on Mechanicscville and Baltimore road. Cover the country well between there and the river, and I will

