
they are now under orders to proceed to Elysville to strengthen that post; and, in view of the information of Mosby's approach, I regard Elysville second to no other place along my line in importance. It is nearly as accessible as any other portion of the railroad where they can inflict much damage. The Ninety-third sent away, I shall have the garrison at Fort Dix, consisting of 136 men of First Eastern Shore Regiment, a portion of which could be used for a short time if required. The section of Rank's battery I had here was sent to Monrovia on Monday last, by your order, and I am just in receipt of telegram from Captain Rank that his four guns are now on the road to join Lieutenant-Colonel Knight at Rockville. The other section is at Monocacy Junction, and would require a little notice to get it down here, particularly if the river should be flush. My whole line is in a very exposed condition, with scarcely troops enough in the whole command to properly guard and picket one of the important posts.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, MD., October 8, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER,

Relay House, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

Look out for the other section of the battery; it may be needed here; therefore please keep it in readiness.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RELAY HOUSE, October 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel LAWRENCE:

I shall require some ten to fifteen hours' notice to get the section of artillery down from Monocacy.

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADIER, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Relay House, October 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: You will see what disposition I made of the available cavalry of my command last night, hoping to entrap the guerrillas at Sandy Spring, the most of which you will discover will be in the vicinity of Rockwill and will have scoured that country well by this time. I have sent a mounted orderly to Lieutenant Vincent, commanding Smith's cavalry, to join Lieutenant-Colonel Knight at Rockville, and an orderly has also been started from Monrovia to notify Colonel Knight of the artillery being ordered to join him, with such of the cavalry as can be picked up from the different points, so that Lieutenant-Colonel Knight will have something over 200 mounted men with him, besides the artillery. I cannot give the exact number because of the scattered posts we have been trying to guard. I will do all that

