
can be done with what men I have at my disposal. My whole line is open to a successful assault if made by 800 men, but we will let them know we are about before they drive us off.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., October 8, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER,

Relay House, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

Use your infantry as best you can, to protect the road or support your cavalry and artillery. Four companies of infantry are held in readiness to go to you if absolutely needed. Do not call for them unless you really need them, as they will be wanted here.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., October 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General LOCKWOOD:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that there is some danger of a raid of Mosby on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and General Halleck has ordered all General Tyler's cavalry and artillery to Rockville, and directed that his infantry protect the road. As he is weak in all arms, I have directed General Morris to hold four companies of the Ninety-first New York to be held in readiness, and have ordered Colonel Bowman to send two companies of the One hundred and ninety-third Pennsylvania to report to you, and have requested you to hold four companies of the One hundred and ninety-fourth in readiness to-morrow, as General Halleck may order more infantry to General Tyler at any moment. I have fully informed General Halleck of the situation and have presented all his orders thus far received. He telegraphed this p.m. that Mosby has passed through Snicker's Gap, with 800 cavalry and five pieces of artillery, and directed that General Tyler's troops be sent to Rockville. It has been done, and all is quiet now. If infantry is ordered, I will be prepared to send you five companies and the same number for General Morris.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD SEPARATE BRIGADIER, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, October 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighth Army Corps, Baltimore:

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of this day, I have the honor to state that I can hold in readiness for service on the 11th, 12th, and 13th instant the following troops: Company A, One hundred and ninety-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, 39 men for duty; Company B, 50 men for duty: Company D, 69 men for duty; Company E, 36 men for duty;

