
]
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 9, 1864.

[Major General W. H. EMORY:]

GENERAL: This command is greatly in need of clothing, especially shoes and stockings. No clothing has been received since the first week in September. Large numbers of the men are barefooted, and the ambulances carry many able-bodied men who are rendered inefficient from the want of shoes. I have made great exertions to procure clothing, especially shoes and stockings, to be sent up by the supply train, but for some reason, while other commands are furnished, this corps receives nothing. Whether this is because of the neglect of the quartermasters at the other end of the route, or because no clothing can be obtained by them, I am not officially informed; but I respectfully suggest that some plan should be adopted to insure a more prompt receipt of such stores as are absolutely essential to the comfort and efficiency of the soldiers.

Very respectfully,

O. O. POTTER,

Captain and Chief Quartermaster.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 9, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The attention of the general commanding is invited to the within statement of my chief quartermaster, from which it appears that all his requisition have been duly made, but that while my corps cannot get any of its requisitions for clothing filled other commands are duly furnished. I request that the person responsible for this apparent partiality may be directed to fill the requisitions made by this corps, for clothing that is absolutely necessary, as well as those of other commands. Many of my men are barefooted, and most of them came from the South, with only the thinnest of summer clothing.

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,October 9, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I advanced from my camp, just south of Round Top Mountain, with the First and Third Divisions of Cavalry, and immediately engaged General Rosser, commanding all the rebel cavalry; whipped and totally routed his whole command, driving them a distance of twenty miles, capturing eleven pieces of artillery, all their wagons and ambulances, and a large number of men and horses. A more detailed report will be forwarded.

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General.

[OCTOBER 9, 1864.]

General SHERIDAN:

You must hold the pike with infantry. I need all my cavalry on the pike.

TORBERT,

General.

