
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Strasburg, October 9, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brevet Major-General Crook.

General Sheridan has notified General Torbert that he would look out for the pike, and directed General Torbert to use his cavalry on the Back road. I am instructed by General Sheridan to say that he wishes you to look out for the pike.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., October 9, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The Provisional Division, 3,500 strong, fully armed and equipped, and properly organized, march to front to-morrow morning. Received report of this morning from medical director at Winchester-Federal wounded, 1,199; rebel wounded, 890; total, 2,089.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., October 9, 1864.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Military Division:

GENERAL: I have sent to the front no stragglers, convalescents, &amp;c., reporting to these headquarters. Since your order to arm all such troops have retained them, organized them into companies and battalion, making two brigades and engaging 3,500. They are thoroughly armed and equipped, and go forward ready for immediate use. They will leave to-morrow morning, reaching you by Wednesday, assuming you to be still at Strasburg. Currie's brigade was doubtless reached you. Two veteran regiments, Thirteenth and Fifteenth Maine, reported to me. I ordered them to Martinsburg to increase the force at that point sufficiently to do promptly the fatigue labor necessary to expedite your supplies. I have no infantry proper at this post, the garrison consisting of Fifth New York Artillery, two dismounted cavalry regiments, Twelfth Pennsylvania, and Cole's cavalry. I have depleted the post to the lowest possible point. At the Remount Camp, I am informed by Major Otis, all dismounted men will be mounted and sent forward this week. The remount camp of Averell's command, now at Martinsburg, has a screw loose. The difficulty is, perhaps, attributable to the fact that the officers are of that class that you may well style worthless. Your supplies have been forwarded with all promptness; and, if at any time they have been short, it is not because of delay at your supply depot. You state that certain numbers of your dispatches have failed to reach you. All dispatches have been promptly sent forward by special couriers as soon as received. In all cases where dispatches were marked "important" they were duplicated, and sent by different couriers; and, by Colonel Currie, I sent you copies of all

