
important dispatches, for which operator has failed to get receipts. I send you with this three dispatches received to-day. I shall continue to send forward all troops arriving, until further orders. I sent out as escorts and couriers every available man of Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry; they have not been returned. Of course, I am left without a courier party, and am compelled to call on Averell's remount camp for couriers for these dispatches. I imagine these men are, perhaps, loafing with the army, without the knowledge of headquarters. Should like to have them receive an Irishman's hint to return. I have nothing of special interest to communicate. We have just heard that continued success attend General Grant. It was currently reported at Baltimore yesterday that he had possession of Petersburg. I think there is no question to his holding the South Side road. If you require any changes in my operations here, indicate them, and I shall act with all promptness.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Winchester, Va., October 9, 1864-9.30 a.m.

General J. D. STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Furnish an escort to a construction party which will soon arrive to work on the railroad to Winchester:

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Winchester, Va., October 9, 1864.

Colonel Currie, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, will move his command to the northeastern side of the town at 7 a.m. to-morrow, and be ready to escort a train of about 241 wagons to Martinsburg. Upon arriving there, he will report to Brigadier-General Seward, commanding U. S. forces at that post.

By command of O. Edwards, colonel, commanding post:

JAMES W. LATTA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Strasburg, Va., October 9, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,

Comdg. First Brigade, Department of West Virginia,

Charlestown, W. Va.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you turn over your command to Colonel J. H. Oley, Seventh West Virginia Cavalry, and report, with as little delay as possible, to Major General P. H. Sheridan, commanding Middle Military Division, for orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

