
rebels that appeared there on Friday afternoon, killing one, wounding several, and taking one prisoner. The most of them escaped in this direction. I am after them. I sent Lieutenant Vincent, with Smith's men, yesterday in the direction of Triadelphia after four or five who escaped that way. I picked up two in the woods yesterday, supposed to belong to the same band. I am pushing my scout toward the river.

N. B. KNIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant Vincent, with Smith's Independent Maryland Cavalry, has left for Rockville, and will arrive there before morning. By this time, I judge a sufficient force has arrived at Rockville to properly support Captain Rank. I feel no uneasiness about the safety of his guns now.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, MD., October 9, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER,

Relay House, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

Your dispatch from Knight at 3 p.m. received. No harness to be had here. If the section at the Monocacy is needed here, will give you timely notice. Can send you four companies of infantry if you really need it, but it is wanted here unless you do.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RELAY HOUSE, MD., October 9, 1864.

Via War Department. Received 12.20 p.m.)

Captain W. D. RANK,

Rockville, Md.:

Send orderlies to find Knight or any other cavalry, with orders to join you immediately. Send to Sandy Spring and Mechanicsville for Smith's cavalry. Lose no time until you are supported. I will order infantry to you. At appearance of enemy in force move forward Washington. Save your guns at all hazards. Report very often.

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

STRASBURG, VA., October 10, 1864-6 p.m.

(Received 9 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have just sent a dispatch* announcing our victory in the great cavalry engagement of yesterday. The Sixth Army Corps will be at Front Royal to-night. If the railroad is completed to that point, send forward transportation to that corps-10,000 men.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

---------------

* See Sheridan to Grant, 9th, midnight, p.327.

---------------

