
general wishes all the captured artillery, &amp;c., sent via Winchester, to Martinsburg early to-morrow morning. It should be parked on the north side of Cedar Creek to-night, and a strong infantry guard sent with the above property.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Strasburg, Va., October 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. S. NORTHCOTT,

Twelfth West Virginia Infty., Comdg. 2nd Brigadier, 1st Infty. Div.:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you report, with your brigade, with as little delay as possible, to Lieutenant Colonel James W. Forsyth, chief of staff, Middle Military Division, at General Sheridan's headquarters, on the north side of Cedar Creek, for the purpose of guarding captured artillery, wagons, prisoners, &c., to Martinsburg, W. Va., to-morrow morning early. You will turn over the prisoners and property to the commanding officer at Martinsburg, W. Va., taking receipts for the same. After the completion of this duty you will return with your brigade and join your division. You will go via Winchester, Va., and return by same route. An official copy of this will be furnished the commanding officer First Infantry Division.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, October 10, 1864.

(Received 8.35 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Sheridan just heard from. Our cavalry attacked enemy beyond Fisher's Hill, whipped them, driving them beyond Mount Jackson, capturing 11 pieces of artillery and 350 prisoners. The rebels scattered into the woods and mountains.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 10, 1864.

J. W. GARRETT, Esq.,

Camden Station, Baltimore, Md.:

Arms shipped from here on the 5th did not reach Harper's Ferry till the 8th-three days. It appears that this delay was caused by your agent here, Mr. Koontz, requiring such packages to be consigned to the care of Captain Chumming, at Baltimore, instead of quartermaster at Harper's Ferry. The Secretary of War directs that stores for Harper's Ferry be hereafter sent direct to that place, and not through the quartermaster at Baltimore, unless so ordered by him.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

