HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,October 10, 1864.

Colonel EDWARDS,

Commanding, Winchester:

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of October 1, I am directed by the major-general commanding to state that you will, until further orders, report direct to these headquarters, and not through Brigadier-General Stevenson.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, October 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

A staff officer of General Sheridan's has just arrived from the front with dispatches, which have been forwarded. He reports that our cavalry attacked the enemy beyond Fisher's Hill, whipped them, driving them beyond Mount Jackson, and capturing 11 field pieces and some 350 prisoners, number not yet definitely known. The rebels scattered into the woods. Our cavalry returned, without being pursued, to Tom's Brook.

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland, October 10, 1864.

Captain DAN. SHEETS:

The general commanding directs that you send a scout, consisting of a reliable commissioned officer and twenty men, from the infantry of your command, to proceed, via Greenland Gap, thence via the west side of Knobly Mountain, to the mouth of Seneca Creek. The scouts will take ten days' rations. Mr. David Long will accompany them as guide.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland, Md., October 10, 1864.

Captain JOHN FISHER:

The general commanding directs that you make a detail of a lieutenant and twenty men from your command to complete the block-house at Bloomington, with instructions to occupy and hold it after completion until ordered otherwise; also that for the materials necessary in completing the same the lieutenant in charge will be instructed to make requisition upon the depot quartermaster at New Creek, W. Va.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

22 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

