
BALTIMORE, MD., October 10, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Tyler reports Knight's and Smith's cavalry gone to Clarksburg with the artillery. Knight ordered it, as he said Clarksburg was more central than Rockville, and covering Noland's Conrad's, and Edwards' Fords, which points Mosby was reported approaching. General Tyler ordered him to return to Rockville, in obedience to your first order.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Relay House, October 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I send you copy of message just received from Lieutenant-Colonel Knight. You will see by consulting the map that Clarksburg covers the fords named and the ones Mosby will be most likely to cross at, yet on learning from another source, and before receiving his telegram that he had ordered the battery at Clarksburg, I sent him telegram, a copy of which I inclose.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

TWO MILES FROM CLARKSBURG, October 10, 1864.

General E. B. TYLER:

A detachment sent out yesterday morning under Lieutenant Davis captured about $100 worth of goods from those rebels that escaped Friday. I pushed forward yesterday as far as Barnesville, but could not find them. This morning early I sent a scout toward Noland's Ferry, another to Conrad's Ferry, White's Ford, and Edwards' Ferry. I will telegraph you this evening of the state of things along the river. It was reported to me yesterday that those fords were not guarded. Mosby is reported approaching those points. I ordered Rank last night to return to Clarksburg. This is the most central point. I shall remain out here scouting the country for several days. I have ordered supplies to Hyattstown. I don't want any infantry yet.

N. B. KNIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

Captain FERGUSON,

Monrovia:

I learn that Knight has ordered the artillery to Clarksburg. Send courier notifying him to inform me of his movements and the objects he expects to accomplish. General Halleck ordered the guns to Rockville, and there must be some good reason for their removal.

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

