
are annoying me very much. I know of no way to exterminate them except to burn out the whole country and let the people go North or South. If I attempt to capture them by sending out parties, they escape to the mountains on fleet horses.

Colonel Powell, commanding cavalry division, on the 5th instant, cut down the railroad bridge over the Rapidan and threw in into the river.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 11, 1864-4.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Scouts Falmouth this morning report following:

Part of the troops lately sent to Early have returned to Richmond. The rebels are moving supplies from Gordonsville to Hanover Junction. Railroad bridge over North Anna is not yet repaired, and freight and passengers have to be transferred at that place. They bring no other information.

GEO. K. LEET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CEDAR CREEK, VA., October 11, 1864-8 p.m.

(Received 2 p.m. 12th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I telegraphed you to send transportation to Front Royal for the Sixth Army Corps. This morning I received dispatch from General Grant, of the 9th instant, and will hold on to the Sixth Corps for a day or two, to watch the developments. The enemy has not shown himself since the brilliant cavalry victory of the 9th. My impression is that the enemy has made no advance this way, except by cavalry, which was entirely routed. I visited Front Royal yesterday. I think it quickest and most to the interests of the Sixth Corps to march through Ashby's Gap to Alexandria. To transport the corps will break up its organization, and the shipment of artillery, horses, trains, and officers' traps will involve so much trouble and delay, that no time will be gained. All duly considered, I would advise the march. The men are in splendid trim. I would also advise that the repairs on the Manassas railroad, be stopped, and the disposal of the guard as you may think best. My main object in going to Front Royal yesterday was to start Colonel Powell, commanding cavalry division, through Chester Gap, Sperryville, Madison Court-House, and thence on to Charlottesville and Gordonsville. All the enemy's cavalry were in the engagement of the 9th, and so broken up that Colonel Powell may make a ten-strike. At all events, it will speak consternation, and may force everything out of the Valley and onto the railroad. If I do not have to send a division of cavalry to Petersburg, I probably can keep the enemy running from the Valley to the railroad and from the railroad to the Valley.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

