
Fort Federal Hill: Fifth Massachusetts Infantry, five companies-officers, 7; men, 192.

Fort Marshall: Ninety-first New York Veteran Volunteers, three companies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MORRIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD SEPARATE BRIGADIER, 8TH ARMY CORPS,

Baltimore, October 11, 1864.

Commanding officers of regiments, companies, and detachments of troops of this brigade serving in and rear the city of Baltimore are enjoined to maintain, during the days of holding the approaching election in Maryland, the strictest discipline and vigilance in their command. No passes or leaves of any kind will be granted to officers or enlisted men of the brigade, and commanding officer will be held strictly responsible for the presence of their men at their respective stations. Commanding officers will see that their men are supplied with forty rounds of ball cartridges (and if not on hand, make immediate requisition for the necessary amount) and ready at all times for instant service. Soldiers entitled to vote in Maryland will be sent, without arms, to the polls in charge of a commissioned or a reliable non-commissioned officer, and, after voting, immediately return to their stations. The brigadier-general commanding urges upon every officer and soldier of the command the strictest attention to, and compliance with, the above instructions.

By command of Brigadier-General Lockwood:

H. CLAYTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,] HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Chambersburg, Pa., October 11, 1864.

1. Company G, First Ballation, 100 days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Twelfth Congressional District of Pennsylvania, and will proceed without delay from Scranton to Harrisburg, Pa., and report to Brevet Brigadier General Roy Stone, U. S. Volunteers, at Camp Curtin, Pa., for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, October 11, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am going to West Point this evening to return to-morrow, leaving Major-General Peck at these headquarters.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

