
OCTOBER 12, 1864.

The following order* is suspended.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[OCTOBER 12, 1864.-For Stanton to Sheridan, tendering thanks, &amp;c., see Part I, p.62.]

CITY POINT, October 12, 1864-12 m.

(Received 4.30 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Please send my dispatch of yesterday in relation to what Sheridan should do, to him.+

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 12, 1864-12 m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Strasburg:

General Grant wishes a position taken far enough south to serve as a base for future operations upon Gordonsville and Charlottesville. It must be strongly fortified and provisioned. Some point in the vicinity of Manassas Gap would seem best suited for all purposes. Colonel Alexander, of the Engineers, will be sent to consult with you as soon as you connect with General Augur.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CEDAR CREEK, October 12, 1864-9 p.m.

(Received 14th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have directed the Sixth Corps to march to Alexandria, via Ashby's Gap, to commence the march to-morrow morning. It will take four and a half days. It is now at Front Royal. I will request General Halleck to have transportation ready for them through to Petersburg. From my best information Early did not follow me down the Valley with his infantry, but sent only half cavalry. I have already informed you of the handsome manner it was smashed up. Information received from Colonel Powell, at Sperryville, reports Early or Longstreet, I do not yet know which, is in command, but think Early is, with the bulk of his force, at Craig's Creek, between Brown's Gap and Waynesborough. I object to the opening of the railroad and an advance on the old Rapidan line, on account of the waste of fighting force to protect railroads and the assitional waste of force, as some would have to be

---------------

* See to McCallum, October 12, p.348.

+ For remainder of dispatch, relating to operations elsewhere, see Vol. XXXiX, Part III, p.222.

---------------

