
left in this valley. You see how many troops might thus be rendered unavailable. I believe that concentration at vital points, and the destruction of subsistence resources, to be everything; but do not let my views influence your better judgment. I believe that a rebel advance down this valley will not take place. I have not yet started the cavalry division; am waiting the results of Colonel Powell's division, which I sent through Chester Gap toward Gordonsville.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 12, 1864-5 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Strasburg:

The Sixth Corps should by all means march to Alexandria. We can send supplies to meet them anywhere between here and Piedmont, on receiving notice.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief and Staff.

CEDAR CREEK, VA., October 12, 1864-9.30 p.m.

(Received 4 p.m. 13th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have ordered the Sixth Corps (except one brigade now at Winchester) to march to Alexandria to-morrow morning. They will get there in four and a half days. Have the kindness to have transportation ready to send them to City Point. I have ordered General Augur to concentrate all this force at Manassas Junction, or Bull Run, until he hears from me. He could not complete the railroad to Front Royal without additional forces from, me and to give him that force to do the work, and transport the troops by railroad to Alexandria, would require more time than to march across, via Ashby's Gap.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,] HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 53. October 12, 1864.

1. The battalion of the One hundred and eighty-fourth [New York] Volunteers now serving with Provisional Brigade is relieved from duty therewith, and will report to commanding general Sixth Army Corps. The battalion of Tenth New York Heavy Artillery is relieved from duty with the Sixth Army Corps, and will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Arden, commanding Provisional Brigade.

* * * *

5. Major Gibson, acting assistant inspector-general, Second Cavalry Division, Department of West Virginia, is hereby ordered to report in person to Brevet Major-General Torbert, chief of cavalry, without delay.

* * * *

