
8. Pursuant to further instructions from the same headquarters, the battalion Tenth New York Heavy Artillery is relieved from duty with this command, and will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Arden, commanding Provisional Brigade.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,
 October 12, 1864.

The corps will move at 6 a.m. to-morrow, via Ashby's Gap and the Aldie pike, starting on the pike from this point to Winchester, and will encamp for the night at a point to be indicated to-morrow. Order of march: first, Second Division, with one battery; second, Third Division; third, artillery; fourth, trains; fifth, First Division, with one battery.

The ambulances will accompany the divisions to which they belong. The troops will march on the side of the road, giving, when possible, the road to the artillery and trains, and division, commanders will so regulate the march of their brigades as to cover the artillery and trains. One brigade of the First Division will be kept in rear of the trains. The brigade of the Second Division, on the other side of the river, with the regiment at Front Royal, will be withdrawn by General City at 4 a.m., in time to join their division for the march. The pickets will be withdrawn by Colonel Mackenzie, corps officer of the day, in time to join their commands. The battalion of One hundred and eighty-fourth New York Volunteers, now with the trains, will report to Brigadier-General Ricketts for assignment. The batteries for the Second and First Divisions will be assigned by the chief of artillery. The rations now on hand must last the command on its march to Alexandria.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,October 12, 1864.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you detail one regiment to escort the trains to Winchester to-morrow morning. The commanding officer is directed to report here at once for orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that the Thirteenth Maine and the Fifteenth Maine Volunteers, of the Second Brigade, First

