
HARPER'S FERRY, October 12, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STAUNTON, Secretary of War:

General Sheridan's headquarters were yesterday one mile this side of Cedar Creek. Lieutenant-Colonel Tolles, chief quartermaster, and Doctor Ohlenschlager, with a small escort, twenty-five men, going to front, were attacked yesterday near Middletown by guerrillas. Colonel Tolles and Doctor Ohlenschlager were both mortally wounded, and four men killed and six wounded. Nothing of military operations.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, October 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

Captain Alexander, assistant quartermaster, General Torbert's staff, just from the front, reports that Lieutenant-Colonel Tolles, chief quartermaster, and Doctor Ohlenschlager, with an escort of twenty-five men, who started from Winchester for the front yesterday morning, were attacked by a party of guerrillas, variously reported from 50 to 100, three miles this side of Middletown. Colonel Tolles and Doctor Ohlenschlager were both mortally wounded, the former in the head and the latter in the bowels; last report no hopes of their recovery. Four of the escort were killed and five or six were wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Tolles and Doctor Ohlenschlager were taken to General Sheridan's headquarters, which are now located one mile this side of Cedar Creek.

W. M. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Near Strasburg, Va., October 12, 1864.

Colonel O. EDWARDS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Winchester, Va.:

COLONEL: I have to report to you the safe arrival of the army trains at this point. The major-general commanding directs that all men with the Provisional Brigade belonging to the Sixth Corps be held at Winchester, subject to the order of Major-General Wright, commanding Sixth Army Corps, to be sent with teams going to that corps. All men with this Provisional Brigade belonging to the Nineteenth Corps and Army of West Virginia will be sent at once to this point, to be distributed among the various commands to which they belong.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland, October 12, 1864.

Captain R. P. KENNEDY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the department, that reliable information has been received at these headquarters this a.m. of General Rosser having sent about 500 cavalry to Moorefield, in Hardy County, W. Va., for the

