
purpose of destroying the organization of State troops on the North Fork, in Pendleton County, called by the rebels "Swamp Dragons." I have sent out from New Creek a force to assist the "Swamps."

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,October 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General DUFFIE,

Commanding Cavalry, Cumberland, Md.:

The major-general commanding directs that you cause to be mounted at once Colonel Tibbits' regiment, and order it to Martinsburg, and from there report to chief of cavalry of this army.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, October 12, 1864.

Captain SHEETS, New Creek:

It is reported that a rebel force of cavalry has gone up the North Fork after the "Swamps." Send a scout of 100 men mounted, with five days' rations, to their support. Direct the officer to go up the same way Captain Kelley was directed to go, and to communicate with him, if possible.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Charleston, W. Va., October 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN J. POLSLEY,

Commanding, Loup Creek, W. Va.:

Echols has departed. Burbridge at the Salt-Works, and he may appear in our front. How far out have you had scouts, or heard from very recently? Keep the Lewisburg and Fayetteville roads well scouted as far out as you can. See that your men are all armed, are constantly supplied with ammunition, and ready for instant work. Send an intelligent officer out and see where the road between you and Fayetteville can be best blockaded or torn up. Have the officer report to me at once how long it would take and where he decides the best point is. Indiana and Ohio went largely Union yesterday.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 12, 1864-8.45 p.m.

General TYLER:

Please explain what you and your troops are doing, that you do not keep the rebels out of Poolesville. More activity on your part is expected.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

