HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Chambersburg, Pa., October 12, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff, War Department, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that in from ten to thirty days the term of service of the 100-days' cavalry of this department will expire. It is now used almost entirely to enforce the draft-that is, to protect enrolling officers, arrest deserters, or run them out of the country, compelling them to leave their homes and live in the mountains, &amp;c. Cavalry is the only arm which is of any value for this duty, and in order to sustain the laws of the United States, as well as convince the people that the Government will enforce its just demands, I must replace those going out of service. Generally, the draft is resisted only in the mountainous and wooded districts, which are sparsely settled, where fifty cavalrymen can do the service of 1,000 infantry. Men no doubt could be raised in the State for this special service. I think, however, it would be better could an efficient dismounted battalion of however, it would be better could an efficient dismounted battalion of from 400 to 500 men be ordered here. They could be mounted and put to good use.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel GRANT,

City Point:

The substance of your dispatch of the 11th was immediately sent to General Sheridan. Numerous guerrilla parties in his rear frequently interrupt communication with him. The condition of the Manassas Gap Railroad is much worse than represented by the engineers. Now that elections are over in Ohio and Indiana, we will be able to send several additional regiments to Nashville for Sherman. Matters in Missouri seem to be in a muddle. Nothing yet heard of Steele and J. J. Reynolds. I have directed Schofield to send to Thomas everything that can be spared from Kentucky.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., October 13, 1864-10.30 a.m.

(Received 1.40 p.m.)

Brevet Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs me to say that you may order a portion of the railroad construction force to return here at once. Sheridan does not think it expedient to have more labor put on the Manassas Gap Railroad. If there be no further repairs necessary on the Orange and Alexandria, I see no reason why most of the mechanics and trackmen of the railroad party shall not return here, where their services are required in erecting the hospitals and extending the City Point road around to the vicinity of the South Side road. These works are important. I trust Major Wentz has received orders relative to putting up the hospital buildings.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

