
RECTORTOWN, October 13, 1864.

(Received 11.30 p.m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

Is not one company sufficient for the aqueduct at Great Falls? If General Halleck thinks so, send the other three companies to report to General Slough for train guards. The force at Great Falls was designated by General Halleck, and I do not like to diminish it without his sanction.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, October 13, 1864.

(Received 10.30 p.m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The patrols report all quiet. We have information that there are about 100 guerrillas lurking in the pines near Wolf Run Shoals, on the Prince William County side. It was no doubt some of this gang that attacked the guard at Burke's Station yesterday.

W. W. WINSHIP,

Captain and Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

MANASSAS JUNCTION, October 13, 1864.

(Received 8.10 p.m.)

D. C. McCALLUM:

Thirteen hundred and twenty-five men have reported, and I have got them as far as this place.

E. L. WENTZ.

ORDERS,] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

October 13, 1864.

The corps will move at 6 a.m. to-morrow to its recent camp near Front Royal. Order of march: first, Third Division, with one battery; second, First Division; third, Second Division, with one battery. The leading division will march in two columns, one on each side of the pike. The other divisions will march on the left of the pike in one column, covering the trains as far as possible. The artillery, trains, and ambulances will move on the pike in the order given, and the leading battery will keep up with the head of the infantry column. Brigadier-General Getty will so dispose his troops as to guard such part of the trains as are not covered by the other divisions. The chief of artillery will designate the batteries to march with the divisions. The pickets will be withdrawn, under direction of the corps officer of the day, in time to join their respective commands.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

