
MARTINSBURG, September 5, 1864.

(Received 2.30 p. m.)

Major-General KELLEY:

I am now within eight miles of Winchester, and skirmishing. The enemy is obstitute. I have the valley covered from the Opequon to North Mountain, and have asked General Sheridan at Berryville to permit cars to come to Martinsburg. My horses are suffering for forage. Please send down a train with 100,000 pounds of forage at once; it will help me a great deal. Answer.

WM. W. AVARELL,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, September 5, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General AVERELL, Martinsburg:

General Sheridan's order was imperative; nevertheless, I will take the responsibility to send the train. Your command must be supplied. Trains will leave here at 5 p. m. arrive near to Martinsburg at about 11 p. m. Have a force ready to unload the cars at once. Do not wish the train to remain longer than necessary to unload.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, September 5, 1864-2 p.

WILLIAM P. SMITH, Esq., Camden Station:

I telegraphed General Sheridan this a. m. asking if I should send down the constructions train, which is here ready. Have had no really yet. Would it not be well for you to send a messenger to the general from Harper's Ferry, as I cannot communicate with his from this side?

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CITY POINT, September 6, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN, Near Berryville:

From reports of deserters coming in at deferent times an on different parts of lines, we learn that Kershaw's division arrived in Petersburg last night. I think there is no doubt but some troops have arrived from the Valley.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 6, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

The disappearance of Breckinridge from your front gives weight to the rumor on the 30th ultimo that he was expected in the Kanawha valley in about ten days. If you do not propose engaging the enemy immediately, that valley should be looked to.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

