HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,October 13, 1864.

Colonel HEINE,

Commanding Provisional Brigade, near Front Royal:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you report to these headquarters at daylight to-morrow morning with your command. You will march via Middletown.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PARKERSBURG, October 13, 1864.

Brevet Major-General CROOK,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

GENERAL: Some time since I recommended to your predecessor in command of the department the consolidation of the Fifth and Sixth Regiments of West Virginia Cavalry. These regiments being very much reduced in numbers, it seems to me that the advantage arising from such consolidation are too obvious to require specification. In the event of your approval of my suggestion, I would be pleased if Colonel Latham, of the Fifth, could be retained in command, as in him the consolidated regiment would certainly have an able and experienced officer, who has already done honor to the cause and credit to himself. In connection with the above, you must pardon me for calling your attention to the defenseless condition of the eastern border of the State. Recently the rebels made a raid into the counties of Lewis, Upshur, &amp;c., and plundered the people to a very large amount in value of horses, cattle, store goods, &c., and unless something is done for the protection of the section named, I fear that many of our loyal people will leave the State not to return again. It will not require a large force to give the necessary protection. Colonel Latham is very well acquainted with the exposed border of the State, and if he should be retained in command of the consolidated regiment herein mentioned, and allowed to make his headquarters at Beverly, or in that region, I feel assured that we would not be troubled with raids, such as that recently experienced, and the people would regard themselves as secure, and would go to work contentedly at their usual avocations, and few, if any, complaints would hereafter be had from them. May I not trust that you will concur with me in the suggestions I have made in regard to the consolidation under Colonel Latham and the stationing the troops on the border of the State for the protection of our people. I shall be pleased to hear from you on this subject.

Very respectfully,

A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor.

P. S.-I am at Parkersburg for a short time; will return to Wheeling during the coming week.

A. I. B.

TWO MILES WEST OF MARTINSBURG, October 13, 1864.

General KELLEY:

We have arrived this far safe. Found the wires broken in many places. Railroad, with exception of culvert burnt about quarter of a

