
in my front. I had sent a brigade, 700 strong, to go across the Shenandoah to establish a signal station on the mountains to the left of Strasburg. The rebel cavalry opened three pieces of artillery on the party. I started cavalry division across the creek on the Back road, and Crook sent a small division over toward Fisher's Hill for the purpose of developing the enemy's force. Up to that time he had shown nothing but cavalry. As Crook's force pushed out, after crossing the creek toward Strasburg, the enemy moved out a strong infantry line of battle. After skirmishing for some time, Crook's command fell back to the north side of the creek. The indications last night were that the enemy were in force-infantry and cavalry, with artillery. The Sixth Army Corps, which started yesterday morning to march to Alexandria, was stopped and ordered back to Front Royal. It did not succeed in reaching Front Royal last night, but camped at Millwood. This corps was ordered up here this a.m., and reached this point about 12 m. to-day. During the night the enemy fell back. I had made arrangements to attack. I have not as yet made up my mind as to the intention of the enemy in making this move. I rather think that Early expected to find only Crook's command here. He was under the impression that I had gone over to the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, to operate on that line. Colonel Powell's division of cavalry is at Front Royal. You had better continue your work on the railroad. If required, I will send over more troops. I am very anxious to see you, and will try and get over to you as soon as I possibly can.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., October 14, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters of the Army:

SIR: In the absence of the major-general commanding, I have to inclose the within report, just received. To cover the line of the upper Potomac, and prevent the coming of guerrilla bands, there is no available cavalry in the department. There are to-day at Camp Stoneman 1,087 men-equipped and not mounted, 206; and neither equipped or mounted, 877. I respectfully recommend that horses be furnished and authority given to establish 350 of these men in camp near Muddy Branch, thence to patrol the Potomac to mouth of the Monocacy and down the left bank to Great Falls.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

MUDDY BRANCH, October 14, 1864.

(Received 10.15 a.m.)

Major C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that a party of rebels crossed the Potomac the night of the 11th and robbed the stores at Poolesville. They are crossing every night, a small party at a time.

Respectfully,

L. G. PIERCE,

Captain, Commanding.

