HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,October 14, 1864-9 p.m.

General MERRITT:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry directs that you have your command saddled at daylight to-morrow a.m., and that you be fully prepared to resist any attempt the enemy may make to cross the creek.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 14, 1864.

General STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry:

It is reported from Martinsburg that the railroad has been torn up and a paymaster and his funds captured. When and where did this occur, and have any measures been taken for recapture? Immediate answer.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 14, 1864.

General Seward reported by telegraph this morning that the express train going west was captured at point two miles east of Kearneysville by a party of rebel raiders 100 strong. The passengers were robbed and train burned. Major Moore, paymaster, with his funds, was captured. As soon as they destroyed the train, he reports that they moved off in the direction of Winchester. i immediately sent toward Charlestown, to endeavor to intercept them, all the cavalry at this post-about 100, poorly mounted-and have but little hopes of their coming up with enemy. General Seward also dispatched two detachments in pursuit. I have not heard from any of them up to this hour. Trains have been sent to point of attack to repair damages, the track being partially destroyed. Will advise you of all particulars as soon as received.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 14, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Just heard from captured train. The attacking party was part of Mosby's command. They removed a rail, causing train to be thrown off the track, then robbed passengers and burned train. The point of attack was about two miles east of Kearneysville, about 2.30 a.m Paymasters Moore and Ruggles, with their funds, were captured and carried off. The whole affair did not last more than one hour, the enemy retiring in great haste in direction of Winchester. General

