
MARTINSBURG, October 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

Does the picket and patrol from Harper's Ferry extend west to Kearneysville?

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

[HARPER'S FERRY,] October 14, 1864.

General SEWARD:

I have no picket beyond my outside picket, a mile out. I shall send with express train in future a guard of 100 men.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Martinsburg, October 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Commanding Military District of Harper's Ferry:

GENERAL: A lot of captured cattle have arrived this evening from Winchester; also a small train, with an infantry escort, amounting in all to 300 men. Quartermaster and commissary department are very anxious to get their train off in the morning. Shall I send it out with Curtis' (Virginia) brigade (1,000 strong), or detain it and the escort longer on account of the paymasters? I have sent to the Ferry this afternoon the eleven captured guns by Sheridan on the 9th. I have telegraphed you all the information I could obtain from the front. It seems to be the impression of the officer from Winchester that the shelling of the Eighth Corps yesterday was a surprise. If the orderly reaches the Ferry too late to bring back an answer by the passenger train returning, please telegraph me about sending out the train to Winchester in the morning. Some of the paymasters are much alarmed, but I guess I can take care of them.

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, October 14, 1864.

Major B. W. BRICE:

MAJOR: I have my funds in the parlor of the United States Hotel here, guarded by a regiment. The express train was burned eight miles west of Harper's Ferry between 2 and 3 o'clock this a.m. Major Ruggles' clerk escaped, and is now with me. He reports Major Ruggles and money taken. I also have the fact of his and Major Moore's capture from other passengers on the train. Cannot say certainly about Major Moore. It is reported that Major Ruggles is recaptured, and is safe at Harper's Ferry. Was up most of last night. General Seward, who is in command here, says he will use all his efforts to protect us and our money. I shall make no move until I can do so with safety, and in the meantime wait orders from yourself and Major Paulding. Please show this to him.

JONATHAN LADD,

Paymaster, U. S. Army.

