HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Winchester, Va., October 14, 1864.

Major RUSSELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Middle Military Division:

As Major Durland has shown to me your reprimand to his regiment, I feel called upon to state that I have never seen a better disciplined cavalry regiment than the Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. They have been worked very hard on escort duty, and of all the dispatches carried by them but one has been lost. The escort in charge of the dispatch I refer to was in charge of a sergeant who cut his way through and arrived at Edenburg safely, where he was furnished an escort from the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry to proceed to Harrisonburg. That escort was captured, together with the sergeant and his dispatches. In every other case they have cut their way through twice their number and safely delivered their dispatches. The escort accompanying Lieutenant-Colonel Tolles I think was ready to do all that men could do. I learn that the rear guard gave timely notice of the approach of the guerrillas, that the lieutenant in charge wished to turn and meet them, that Colonel Tolles gave him orders not to do so, but to move on at a steady trot. This enabled the enemy to come close enough to charge, and they being much better mounted were able to charge into the midst of the escort. Perhaps the lieutenant should have commanded his escort in his own way, but I do not consider him much to blame. I have felt called upon to write this in justice to the Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and though Major Durland requests to be ordered to the front, I trust he will not be relieved.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 14, 1864.

Brevet Major-General KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

The commanding general directs me to inform you that Brigadier General A. N. Duffie has been ordered to Hagerstown, Md. He wishes you to have the dismounted men at Cumberland mounted and armed as rapidly as possible, and report to him often the progress you make in so doing.

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF W. VA., No. 76. Cumberland, Md., October 14, 1864.

* * * * *

III. Brigadier General A. N. Duffie having returned, Colonel J. E. Wynkoop is hereby relieved from command of this division, and will resume command of the Second Brigade, relieving Colonel R. M. Richardson.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier General A. N. Duffie:

E. W. CLARK, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

