
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 14, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army (with six regiments of colored troops en route for Baltimore),

Wheeling, W. Va., Baltimore and Ohio Depot:

A part of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad between Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry is broken by Mosby's guerrillas, who may attack other parts of the line. The Secretary thinks it may not be safe for your troops to come over it. He says you are not restricted to that road, and if you send the troops over it you must be sure proper precautions are taken for their safety. Answer.

E. D TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 347. Washington, October 14, 1864.

* * * * *

76. The new camp near the city of Philadelphia, provided for the accommodation of troops sent to the State for discharge or reorganization, will be known as the Discharge Camp. The said camp, so far as relates to the muster-out, discharge, and reorganization of troops, will be under the control of the superintendent of recruiting service and chief mustering and disbursing officer of the Eastern Division of Pennsylvania, and to this end the commander of the camp will co-operate and confer with the superintendent of the volunteer recruiting service. For the government of the camp, paragraphs 1,2,6,11, and 12 of Circular No. 74, September 14, 1864, from this office, will be applied, substituting for the words "Draft Rendezvous," wherever they occur, the words "Discharge Camp." Major Hancock, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of Camp Discharge, and will forthwith take post thereat and enter upon his duties.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 15, 1864.

CAVALRY BUREAU:

Shipments of cavalry horses to the Army of the Potomac will be suspended for a few days. The dismounted cavalry sent to depot from Middle Department, and also any others here from General Sheridan's army, will be remounted. Report the number so remounted each day.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

RECTORTOWN, VA., October 15, 1864.

(Received 6 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The construction party have not been at work on the railroad for two-days, and the indications are that the road is not to be advanced be-

