
by the Opequon Creek. The march will be across country in front of the infantry line, and cross the Berryville and Winchester pike about one mile from the Opequon Creek. Brigadier-General, with the First and Colonel Lowell's brigades, will remain on the right for the present. General Merritt will instruct him to press into the crossing of the Opequon and Secure all the fords from Jordan Springs to the railroad and watch well Smithfield Crossing. Demonstrations will be made on the enemy at different points by the forces on the right. He further directs that you detail one regiment from the force left on the right to escort the trains to Harper's Ferry, which start at 5 a. m. The commanding officer of this regiment will report immediately in person at army headquarters for instructions. The infantry will advance to-morrow morning to the line of the Opequon. Captain Marindale will report to you at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning. Instruct General Custer to notify the pickets on the right that army headquarters will be on the Berryville and Winchester pike, in order that any staff officer from General Avarell can be informed.

I am, general, very respectfully,

M. A. RENO,

Captain and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Near Berryville, va., September 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General MERRITT,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: Captain Rousom's battery having been relieved to be sent to Harper's ferry to be refitted, the of cavalry directs that Taylor's battery be assigned to General custer's brigade for the present in its stead, if necessary.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE. FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,September 6, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from division headquarters I sent a squadron of the Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Captain Ham, on reconnaissance to Brucetown and toward Winchester. Captain Ham has just sent back a trooper with the statement that he encountered a party of the enemy about half a mile of the Opequon River on the Brucetown road (this side). The force of the enemy was too strong for Captain Ham to attack (I presume a strong picket). I have ordered another squadron to go to Captain Ham's support with instruction to drive them across the river, if possible. I expect another dispatch soon.

Your, very respectfully,

G. S. NICHOLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

