
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

October 15, 1864.

The troops will be under arms at early daylight to-morrow, and the batteries, wagons, and ambulances harnessed and hitched in. The corps officer of the day will see that the pickets are under arms at daylight.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DARNESTOWN, October 15, 1864.

Major ECKERT:

All lost. Even citizens were passing through here from Poolesville with their horses to get them away from rebels. They report 2,000 rebels between there and Monocacy. They say their orders are to burn everything within ten miles from the river. I saw a large fire in direction of Poolesville at 1 o'clock last night. I start now with twenty men to try and repair line.

S. SARGENT.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,October 15, 1864-1.20.

Colonel PENNINGTON, Commanding First Brigade:

From information deemed reliable, the major-general commanding the army anticipates an attack on the part of the enemy to-morrow. In accordance with instructions from army headquarters you will have your entire command up and saddled up at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning. You will also at daylight to-morrow morning send a regiment out on the Back road five or six miles to reconnoiter, also a small party on the road to the right of the Back road for the same purpose. It is of the utmost importance that this reconnaissance be made at daylight.

By command of Brevet Major-General Custer:

L. W. BARNHART,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 15, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Telegraphed you last night that Mosby's men, who had burned the train, succeeded in making escape across the Shenandoah with prisoners and booty. The few that crossed below the Monocacy were routed at Adamstown and driven across the Potomac. Paymasters will return to Washington in the morning train. Hear this morning from General Sheridan indirectly. Report is that Crook's command were attacked by the enemy day before yesterday; the fight continued until after night. No further particulars, than that Colonel Wells, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts was killed, and Colonel Thoburn wounded. Nothing official in regard to the affair; shall have particulars, no doubt, to-day. Everything is apparently right on the line of the railroad. Sheridan's captured guns arrived last night.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

