
General Torbert has ordered Captain Gordon to remove the dismounted camp to Hagerstown, and send all the officers and mounted men of his command to the front.

WM. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, October 15, 1864.

General SEWARD, Martinsburg:

Hold on to your train until to-morrow morning. I shall send you this evening 325 cavalry to go with your escort.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, October 15, 1864.

Brevet Major-General CROOK,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

GENERAL: The train (passenger) was captured night before last at Duffield's Station. Two paymasters are said to have been on board; one lost $60,000. Rumor also says that General Stahel was on board. I have not heard this confirmed. The guerrillas are making some demonstrations in the valley above this, evidently for the purpose of procuring cattle, which they are driving off. General Burbridge was, without doubt, driven out by Echols, and a great deal of fear is entertained for the safety of General Sullivan, at Charleston. You know he has only two regiments, and one of those very indifferently armed. It is said that there is a large amount of stores at Gallipolis. The regiment that has been guarding them is a 100-days' regiment. Six companies are now at Weston, and your four only at Gallipolis. The time of this regiment expires in a few days. The rebels that invaded Weston have gone back, and that post is now clear. General Kelley complains (not without reason) of General Duffie's command at this place. General Duffie has encamped all around the town, and his officers and soldiers have been overrunning the town, drinking, &amp;c., and paying no respect to General Kelley at all. Duffie has horses, but no equipments. It would be as well if he were to encamp some half a dozen miles from the town. There are plenty of good camping grounds that can be found at any distance. Duffie (by what authority I do not know) has been absent for several days at Charleston. He returned yesterday. His transportation is all refitted, in good condition, and ready for him. Please to have Captain Bier stir up those divisions in the field (and especially Powell's division) about reports. If they were up, all would be well in that line. We have good officers here, but have not made very extensive arrangements until you shall get here. Have you any instructions in regard to General Sullivan? I sent you a telegram in regard to a company of Second Maryland Cavalry whose time expired some two weeks since. They are very uneasy, and want to be mustered out, and should go to Wheeling; the rest (veteras) wish to be transferred to Cole's regiment. Did you get it? McPhail answered the dispatch concerning the paymasters; find it inclosed.*

Your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

