HEADQUARTERS POST,New Creek, W. Va., October 15, 1864.

Lieutenant C. A. FREEMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of a scout sent from this post, under command of Captain P. J. Potts, Sixth Battalion West Virginia Volunteer Cavalry, on the 12th instant, per orders from the general commanding: Captain Potts reports that he proceeded to Greenland Gap, from thence to the headquarters of the independent scouts, where he formed a junction with Captain T. W. Kelley as directed; from thence he went to Petersburg without opposition. After obtaining all the information possible he returned to camp via Williamsport and Burlington. He was informed by very reliable parties that there is a rebel force in Moorefield, consisting of Woodson's, Harness', McNeill's, and a part of Scott's command, all under command of Woodson, between 300 and 400 men (mounted), total number said to be there.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. FLEMING,

Captain, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, October 15, 1864.

Colonel S. B. LAWRENCE,

Baltimore, Md.:

It is believed that no large force of the enemy has crossed the Potomac. All of Mosby's artillery was captured yesterday by General Augur. The colored regiments should proceed to City Point. Being new they could be of little use against guerrillas.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 15, 1864.

Colonel LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore:

Send your dismounted cavalry to cavalry depot, Washington, for remounts. Telegraph the number.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

BALTIMORE, MD., October 15, 1864.

(Received 5 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your two telegrams received. Dismounted cavalry will be en route in a few hours for Washington. Have given General Tyler over 500 infantry and plenty of ammunition. One regiment of the colored troops ready to go to City Point to-night. Everything is ready for the balance as they arrive, to go forward, fully equipped without any delay.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

