
get additional news. Close in Colonel Powell, who will be at this point. If the enemy should make an advance I know you will defeat him. Look well to your ground and be well prepared. Get up everything that can be spared. I will bring up all I can, and will be up on Tuesday, if not sooner.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 16, 1864.

(Received 8.15 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

My command is not adequate to the responsibilities devolving upon me. When I received your telegram authorizing me to retain such of the 4,000 troops sent to Major-General Sheridan as I might need, I retained the Eighty-fourth New York Infantry and Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry. I had then in my command Currie's brigade, 1,800 men, and Third Maryland Infantry, 500 men. Under your order, I sent to General Kelley 800 men (Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry and Third Maryland Infantry). General Sheridan has ordered to the front Currie's brigade, 1,800 strong. I have nothing to supply the vacuum made by these orders. In four days the term of service of the Eighty-fourth New York will expire. The One hundred and ninety-fifth Pennsylvania and Twelfth Maryland are 100-days' organizations. Their term of service will also soon expire. These three regiments constitute the major part of General Seward's command. Both Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry will thus be without sufficient garrison. The infantry force of both these commands should be strengthened. I am literally without cavalry. At least 1,000 good cavalry should be attached to this command, to protect us against the sudden dashes of the guerrilla organizations infesting this part of the country. If I had this cavalry, I could safely say Mosby could not reach the railroad. General Sheridan's trains come down with such light guards that I do not consider it safe to return them without additional escort. To do this, I have thus far sent to the front everything I had, but now my means of improvising guards are exhausted. If General Sheridan continues his light guards (and I am in no condition to strengthen them), the inevitable consequence must be the loss of a train. A train of 270 wagons arrived from front last night, with an escort of 237 infantry and 160 cavalry. Of this infantry, 70 go home, their term of service having expired,leaving as a return escort, 160 infantry and 100 cavalry. I can strengthen this escort with 325 cavalry, just remounted, and even this is too weak for so large a train; yet I cannot do better.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., October 16, 1864.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Military Division:

GENERAL: I have forwarded to you promptly all troops arriving at this post. You also ordered to the front Currie's brigade. Opening

