HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,October 17, 1864-8 p.m.

Brigadier-General DE RUSSY,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch* received. I have telegraphed General Slough to send at once 500 infantry to Annandale. A small infantry force at either place, Annandale or Buffalo, will be sufficient to drive off Mosby, who cannot have 100 men.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Bufallo, Va., October 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General DE RUSSY,

Commanding Division, Near Fort Corcoran, Va.:

GENERAL: In reply to your verbal message by the messenger sent you, I have the honor to inform you that the disposition suggested by you has already been made. I received about half an hour since a message from Captain Schneider, commanding at Annandale, to the effect that a large force of cavalry, estimated at about 400 to 600, had been seen in his vicinity; his picket-posts had been driven in, &amp;c. He says that he will do his best to hold his stockade. Mosby was in Fairfax Court-House this afternoon, and it is believed had a large force with him. Another messenger just arrived from Annandale. Captain Schneider again has reported that a large force of the enemy's cavalry are about him. I recommend that Annandale be re-enforced as soon as possible. I will send half a squadron to Annandale at once from here. I recommend that a company of infantry be sent here to supply their place. But I can hold this point, I think, against everything that Mosby has. I will have 150 men left here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DE RUSSY'S DIVISION,Near Fort Corcoran, Va., October 17, 1864.

Colonel H. M. LAZELLE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: I am directed by Brigadier-General De Russy to say that the verbal message delivered him by an orderly was presumed by him to be from a staff officer of your command, he not knowing at the time that you were in command in person at that post. He immediately ordered 300 infantry of his command to your support at Fort Buffalo. These troops will be returned to this command as soon as their services can be dispensed with. I forward herewith a communication# just received from Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Taylor, chief of staff and assistant adjutant-general, headquarters Department of Washington, for your information.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. THOMPSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

#See Taylor to De Russy, 8 p.m., second, ante.

---------------

