
MARTINSBURG, October 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

GENERAL: Major Tallman, of General Merritt's staff, who left the front yesterday morning, just arrived, and reports that on the 15th General Sheridan started for a visit to General Augur, taking with him Merritt's division. On the Front Royal road, between Strasburg and Piedmont road, he captured four guns, a small wagon train, and some prisoners, number not known. Colonel Wells' body has just arrived. General Devin, with his brigade, made a reconnaissance on Friday morning and ascertained that the enemy occupied Fisher's Hill and Strasburg, and that they had been re-enforced only by Kershaw's division.

WM. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, October 17, 1864.

General STEVENSON:

A train of about 700 wagons just arrived, with guard of 600 infantry; no cavalry. I send out train of 300 wagons in the morning, for which I have escort of 300 infantry and 450 cavalry, besides the cavalry received from you Saturday. Next train will be very large. Shall I retain your cavalry to go with it, or shall I send them with the rest?

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 196. Near Middletown, Va., October 17, 1864.

1. Captain James Gilliss, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, having reported at these headquarters for assignment in the Artillery Brigade of this command, in obedience to orders from headquarters Middle Military Division, will report at once to Captain H. A. Du Pont, Fifth U. S. Artillery, for duty as assistant quartermaster of the Artillery Brigade.

2. Battery A, First West Virginia Artillery, Captain George Furst, will proceed by rail from Harper's Ferry, W. Va., to Parkersburg, W. Va., and from thence by water to Charleston, W. Va., where the commanding officer of the battery will report to Colonel J. H. Oley, Seventh West Virginia Cavalry, commanding First Separate Brigade.

There will be no delay in the execution of this order.

The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brevet Major-General Crook:

P. G. BIER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, October 17, 1864.

Brevet Major-General CROOK,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

I have received orders from General Sheridan to take command of all dismounted cavalry and establish remount camp at Hagerstown. Shall I take the three dismounted regiments here to Hagerstown? If not, I wish to remain with them to complete organization. Will not take more than eight days.

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General.

