
Parsons case have, I believe, mostly gone to Bermuda via Halifax, and I think there is a wholesome dread of the Canadian authorities. The number of rebels reported by your information is very much exaggerated. I do not believe that 200 rebels could be raised in Canada for any enterprise. There may be a larger number there, but they are of the class who cold not be prevailed upon to engage in anything involving danger or a violation of Canadian law. The person who gave me the information relative to the intention of the piratical party that captured the Philo Parsons was sent to Washington under a safe conduct, where he had an interview with the Secretary of State. He has just returned, and I have it in contemplation to employ him to travel about at different points in Canada, reporting to me all matters that will be interesting to the Government. It is probable that it will be more economical for the Government in the end. At the request of the Secretary of State the amnesty oath has been administered to him.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. HILL,

Lieutenant Colonel, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshall-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 18, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Sheridan should followed and break up Longstreet's force if he can, and either employ all the force the enemy now have in the Valley, or send his surplus forces here. With the Sixth Corps and one division of cavalry, I think my lines could be closed up to the Appomattox above Petersburg and the Danville road cut.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RECTORTOWN, October 18, 1864.

(Via Manassas. Received 11.05 a. m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR:

I have sent the Eighth Illinois down through Centerville to find Mosby's force.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,October 18, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR,

Rectortown:

GENERAL: Mosby passed through Falls Church in the direction of Vienna last evening. Ludlam has been notified, and 195 more men forwarded to him this morning. His line is strong enough.

Respectfully,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

