
ALEXANDRIA, VA., October 18, 1864.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Captain Lusk has returned from Fort Buffalo, and reports all quiet. Mosby gone to Vienna. One of Lazelle's pickets was captured, and is reported killed after captured. The telegraph line is now working to Rectortown.

Respectfully,

JNO. P. SLOUGH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY GOVERNOR,Alexandria, Va., October 18, 1864. (Received 7.40 p. m.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department, Rectortown, Va.:

GENERAL: The civilians referred to in your dispatch* are part kept, in a very comfortable condition, in one of our vacant court-martial rooms; the others are in a comfortable room by themselves, near the jailer's quarters, in the slave-pen prison. Several of them are there by their own choice. All are allowed such comforts as they or their friends desire. They are treated kindly and gentlemanly and make no complaint. They are, on the whole, much better located and provided for than the major-general commanding the department is at Rectortown.

Respectfully,

JNO. P. SLOUGH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

ALEXANDRIA, October 18, 1864-1 p. m.

Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The cavalry sent out last night have returned. They report that the guerrillas left the vicinity of Falls Church about 2 o'clock last night, after capturing two of the home guards of that point and a small picket-post. The two citizens were shot after being captured.

W. S. WINSHIP,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Falls Church, Va., October 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General DE RUSSY,

Commanding Division, Near Fort Corcoran, Va.:

GENERAL: Of the 300 infantry which reported to me, by your order, last night, between 1 and 2 a. m., I have this morning directed the officer in command to send 100 men and complement of officers to the stockade at Annandale, and have retained 100 men and a complement of officers here until to-morrow; the remainder are directed to return and report to you. I would be pleased to retain the 100 men at Annandale until the return of the detachment now at White Plains, or until the station can be otherwise re-enforced by troops from the Cav-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

