
alry Brigade. As the cavalry force at present at the stockade is but seventy men, and with the small force habitually here, it is impossible to send re-enforcements in case of an attack. This would be about a week or ten days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., October 18, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. WADE,

Commanding Detachment Heavy Artillery:

CAPTAIN: After leaving 100 men and a complement of officers at this camp, you will send 100 men from your command, with a proper complement of officers, to Annandale, to report on their arrival there to Captain J. Schneider, Sixteenth New York Cavalry. The balance of you detachment remaining after you have made these details you will please direct to report without delay to Brigadier-General De Russy, commanding division, at Fort Corcoran, as their services here are no longer required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General GROVER,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a copy of an order from headquarters directing a reconnaissance to be made in our front to-morrow. The general commanding directs that you make this reconnaissance with three of your best brigades, moving punctually at daybreak. As directed in the inclosed instructions from headquarters, you will push the reconnaissance far enough to the front to ascertain if the enemy is still on the line of Fisher's Hill in force. Having done so, you will return. Frequent reports must be sent, as the reconnaissance progresses, to these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,October 18, 1864.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send out a reconnaissance in your front at daylight in the morning, or as soon thereafter as the fog will permit of objects being clearly distinguished. The cavalry is ordered to make a reconnaissance on the right at the

