
same time. The object is to ascertain if the enemy is still on the line of Fisher's Hill in force, and the general desires the troops be pushed far enough to the front to accomplish this object.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,October 18, 1864.

General MERRITT:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry desires you to send out a reconnaissance of one brigade, without artillery, to-morrow morning at daylight, or as soon after as the fog will permit objects to be distinctly seen, from our right toward the enemy's left, for the purpose of ascertaining if the enemy is still in force in Fisher's Hill. General Torbert thinks you had better direct them to go by the Back road. General Emory sends out a force in his front at the same time and for the same purpose. Have the brigade push forward far enough to accomplish the object, but not to fight infantry.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIST. OF HARPER'S FERRY, No. 20. Harper's Ferry, W. Va., October 18, 1864.

It appearing to the commanding general that in the recent raids made by the rebels into the county of Berkeley, State of West Virginia, a large number of loyal citizens were wantonly plundered by rebel officers and soldiers, because of their attachment for and fidelity to the Government of the United States, and it also appearing that a large number of citizens of Berkeley County are hostile to the Government of the United States, in sympathy with and giving aid and comfort to these plunderers of citizens because of their fidelity to the Government of the United States, as a merited punishment to such disloyal citizens, for their disregard of their obligations to their Government and countenancing these outrages of the public enemy, it is ordered that the commanding general of the post of Martinsburg organize a military board of inquiry and assessment, whose duty it shall be to ascertain the loss of each individual loyal citizen of the county of Berkeley by the seizure or destruction of his or her property by the rebels, and when so ascertained to assess the whole amount against the disloyal property holders of the said county of Berkeley, which said assessment shall be collected by proper military orders, and, when so collected, shall be duly paid over to the several loyal citizens who shall be found to have sustained losses as above set forth.

The commanding general assumes all parties concerned that he will invariably assess all losses sustained by loyal citizens at the hands of the rebels against the property of the disloyal sympathizers whenever the necessity so to do my arise.

By order of Brigadier-General Stevenson:

S. F. ADAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

