
CUMBERLAND, MD., October 18, 1864.

(Via Harrisburg.)

Brevet Major-General CROOK,

Comdg. Department of West Virginia, Middletown, Va.:

General Duffie requests permission to take all of his staff with him except the mustering and ordnance officers.

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Cedar Creek, Va., October [18], 1864.

Captain R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.:

Brigadier-General Duffie can take with him his staff belonging to the cavalry; those belonging to the infantry must report to their commands.

By order of Brevet Major-General Crook:

P. G. BIER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland, Md., October 18, 1864.

Brigadier General A. N. DUFFIE:

I received a telegram from Brevet Major-General Crook, commanding department, last night, informing me that you had been ordered to Hagerstown, Md., and directing me to have the dismounted men now at Cumberland mounted and armed as rapidly as possible. Will you advise me, at your earliest convenience, the present condition of the command? What number of serviceable horses are now on hand, and how many more are required? How many men are properly mounted and equipped, and how many are yet to be equipped? Whether the requisition for ordnance stores has been forwarded, and when; and whether they are now in transition to this place? If so, from what point were they shipped, and at what date? Also any other information on the subject that may be of service to me in executing the order of the general commanding.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY,
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland, October 18, 1864.

Lieutenant DONOHOE,

Sixth West Virginia Infantry:

You will proceed with your detachment, supplied with ten days' rations, on board the canal-boat in waiting, and patrol the canal from Oldtown to a point opposite Paw Paw. You will keep your men under cover as much as possible, in order to prevent the thieves and robbers from knowing that there are armed men on board the boat. You will frequently move at night, and especially if thee are large numbers of

