
boats moving, in order to convoy them safely past that portion of the country you are expected to protect. Keep in communication with Captain C. J. Harrison, commanding at South Branch, also communicate with Captain P. B. Petrie, commanding iron-clad cars at Paw Paw, or at other points as may be most convenient. You will enforce strict discipline in the command, and not suffer your men to interfere with the citizens or their property, and keep these headquarters fully advised from time to time of your movements.

By order of Brevet Major-General Kelley:

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 18, 1864.

General TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lest my appearance in this city without permission first obtained should surprise you, I called to report and explain that I am here in compliance with the request of the President.

Respectfully,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 247. Chambersburg, Pa., October 18, 1864.

* * * * *

3. Brigadier General Thomas A. Rowley, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Monongahela District, will, without delay, send Captain Thomas H. Bates, Company A, First Regiment New York Artillery, with one section of his battery and three companies of the First Battalion, 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, from Pittsburg to Chambersburg, Pa., with directions to report to the assistant adjutant-general of the department for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation by railroad.

4. Captain George D. Stroud, Independent Mounted Company 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed without delay with his company from Easton, Pa., to Philadelphia, and report to the military commander of the place, to be mustered out of the U. S. service. The Government property in the possession of the company will be transferred to the officers in charge of the respective departments at Philadelphia, Pa. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

5. Cap. E. B. Sanno, Independent Mounted Cavalry 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed without delay with his company from Pittsburg to Harrisburg, Pa., and report to the post commander at that place, to be mustered out of the U. S. service. The Government property in his possession will be transferred to the officers in charge of the respective departments at Harrisburg, Pa. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation by railroad.

6. Captain B. Lambert, Independent Mounted Company 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed without delay with his company

