
to Chambersburg, Pa., and report to the assistant adjutant-general of the department for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation by railroad from Bloomsburg, Pa.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CEDAR CREEK, VA., October 19, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 3 p. m. 20th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

I have the honor to report that my army at Cedar Creek was attacked this morning before daylight and my left was turned and driven in confusion; in fact, most of the line was driven in confusion, with the loss of twenty pieces of artillery. I hastened from Winchester, where I was on my return from Washington, and joined the army between Middletown and Newtown, having been driven back about four miles. I here took the affair in hand and quickly united the corps, formed a compact line of battle just in time to repulse on attack of the enemy's which was handsomely done at about 1 p. m. At 3 p. m., after some changes of the cavalry from the left to the right flank, I attacked with great vigor, driving and routing the enemy, capturing, according to last reports, forty-three pieces of artillery and very many prisoners. I do not yet know the number of my casualties or the losses of the enemy. Wagon trains, ambulances, and caissons, in large numbers, are in our possession. They also burned some of their trains. General Ramsuer is a prisoner in our hands, severely, and perhaps mortally, wounded. I have to regret the loss of General Bidwell, killed, and Generals Wright, Grover, and Ricetts, wounded-Wright slightly wounded. Affairs at times looked badly, but by the gallantry of our brave officers and men disaster has been converted into a splendid victory. Darkness again intervened to shut off greater results. I now occupy Strasburg. As soon as obtained I will send you further particulars.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 19, 1864.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Middle Military Division:

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War, I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the ordnance stores, mentioned in the inclosed list as having been received at the Washington Arsenal, and which were captured by a portion of your command, under Generals Merritt and Custer, in the recent brilliant operations in the Shenandoah Valley. The Secretary directs me to tender the thanks of the Department to all the officers and men concerned in those achievements, so fruitful of lasting benefit to the country.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

