
has made an examination of the body states that the skull at the base of the brain is blown to atoms, and the flesh about the wound is filled with powder, as if the pistol had been placed close to the head. the negro who escaped brings information that at or near Vienna the force which visited Falls, Church was joined by a reserve party of 100 or more men. The officer commanding at Annandale states that the party which visited him numbered 600 men. Everything has been quiet here since the attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN BIRDSALL,

Major Thirteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., October 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report all quiet here since this morning's report. A force of rebels numbering about 200 men are reported this evening by a citizen in the vicinity of Fairfax Court-House. At the request of Colonel Lazelle, 100 infantry sent to this camp by Brigadier-General De Russy were retained by Colonel Lazelle at the Annandale stockade, the force of cavalry there not being sufficient for its protection in case of an attack by a large body of men. General De Russy has given his permission to allow those men to remain at the stockade until the return of our men from the front, if other troops cannot be supplied to take their places, and suggests that General Slough, military governor of Alexandria, might be able to send a force to relieve them. I would respectfully request that if this is considered to the interests of the service, the suggestion may be carried out, and General De Russy's force returned. In consideration of the almost nightly depredations by parties of Mosby's men, I would suggest that a small infantry force may be sent to Falls Church, to remain until the return of Colonel Gansevoort's party. This, in my judgment, is desirable for the protection of the property and persons of loyal citizens in the village. With the limited number of men at present here, prompt assistance cannot be rendered them and protect the large amount of valuable Government property in camp; the number is barely large enough for this. If infantry cannot be sparred, I would request that the force of the Lewinsville outpost may be, for the present, brought back to this camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN BIRDSALL,

Major Thirteenth New York Cavalry, Commanding.

QUARTERMASTER'S BRIGADE,

Camp Rucker, Manassas Gap Railroad, October 19, 1864.

(Received 10.20 a. m.)

Brigadier General D. H. RUCKER,

Chief Quartermaster:

We have cleared the woods on both sides of the track for a distance of ten miles, and I propose to-morrow to move up to the vicinity of Thoroughfare Gap.

T. G. WHYTAL.

