
HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 19, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Firing at the front has been continuous during the day. The direction seemed at intervals to be left of Winchester, as if at Berry's Ferry. No news from the front.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 19, 1864-8.45 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Report from front through General Seward. The enemy attacked our army with great impetuosity this morning at daylight. The attack was made on the left (Eighth Corps), and was at first successful, they capturing some guns, prisoners, and wagons. Our line was reformed, and heavy fighting continued through the day. Sheridan reported at Winchester this morning; went out to the front. The particulars received are not official, and are not favorable, though no serious disaster would have occurred without direct news from Sheridan.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 19, 1864-6.20 p. m.

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

The firing still continues. We cannot distinguish that it is nearer than in the morning; it has been about equally distinct all day.

ED. SCHERMERHORN,

Operator.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, October 19, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

You are doubtless advised that the enemy attacked General Sheridan's forces, near Winchester, at daylight this a. m., and that the battle has raged throughout the day, continuing heavily at 4.40 p. m., and apparently, it is reported, nearer to Harper's Ferry than earlier in the day. It is stated the enemy has been re-enforced by Hill. As we have only such reports as are coming from the front to points upon our line, may we ask, if you see any necessity for the suspension of running our trains from Harper's Ferry west, that you give us immediate advice. If you desire any movement from Washington or Baltimore, we can, upon short notice, furnish requisite transportation.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

27 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

