HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY,Harper's Ferry, October 19, 1864.

WILLIAM P. SMITH,

Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

SIR: In reply to your note of inquiry concerning recent raid across Potomac in direction of Adamstown, I must correct the impression created upon your mind that the raiding party crossed above the mouth of the Monocacy. Such is not the fact; the point of crossing was White's Ferry, four miles below the mouth of Monocacy. They came up the tow-path, crossing this side of the Monocacy, passed through Licksville to Adamstown, at which point they were met and driven across the river. There has not a single rebel, so far as I am advised, crossed above the mouth of the Monocacy since I assumed command of this district. Although the force watching fords is insignificant in numbers, yet their disposition will enable me at all times to promptly check all raids made upon your road from points below Harper's Ferry and within this military district. Of this fact I feel warranted in giving you the fullest assurance.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, October 19, 1864.

General STEVENSON:

An official from Winchester, who left there at 1 p. m., reports that the Eighth Corps, which occupied the extreme left, was surprised at daylight, the rebels crossing Cedar Creek and charging through the camp. The quartermaster of Second Cavalry Corps, from front, reported that two brigades from Eighth Corps, from twelve to sixteen guns, and several wagons, were captured. Our line was reformed near Newtown. The officer heard heavy firing about the time he left Winchester, which continued till he reached town. A Herald reporter, just in, reports that he understood, but not on good authority, that some of the guns were recaptured. He also reports that firing had commenced on the extreme right, occupied by Custer. The Sixth Corps, which was in reserve, was moved to the support of the Eighth Corps. Sheridan was at Winchester this a. m., but started for the front immediately. Powell's division, which was at Front Royal, had not been heard from. Part of our wagon train came into Winchester in great confusion, but were halted and parked there. I think that we should have heard from Sheridan direct if the army had fallen back or there had been a decided move.

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, October 19, 1864.

[General STEVENSON:]

Train to-morrow will not be over 300 wagons. I can send Heine's brigade and the cattle guard, which have returned from Williamsport; in all 800 infantry; also First New York Cavalry, 300 men. Will this not be large enough guard? No news from front; heavy firing all day.

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

