
MARTINSBURG, October 19, 1864.

[General STEVENSON:]

The rations of Nineteenth Corps run out on the 20th; the rest of the army are rationed until the 26th. There are about 350 wagons to be loaded besides the train for to-morrow. A brigade of 1,000 men reported last night besides Heine's brigade. I could send them also, if necessary, but think it would be best to hold them for Friday's train. Shall I send the train in the morning with the escorts spoken of in my last dispatch?

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, October 19, 1864.

General SEWARD:

I send you to-night the cavalry I spoke of. They will be in Martinsburg at 6 a. m. to-morrow morning. Hold train until Friday morning, unless rations are short at front; in that event send it to-morrow. How many wagons for front have you besides this train?

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF V. VA., No. 28. Cumberland, Md., October 19, 1864.

The general commanding the division, having been assigned to another command, is called to say farewell to the troops who have served with him so faithfully during the arduous campaign of the last summer.

To the officers and soldiers of the Fifteenth and Twenty-first New York, the Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and the First Virginia Battery he extends his hearty congratulations. Your valor, fortitude, and endurance, your fidelity to your country, your perseverance under discouragements, demand the gratitude of every American citizen. You have the thanks of your commanding general. Farewell!

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 261. Baltimore, October 19, 1864.

* * * * *

2. In accordance with paragraph 49, Special Orders 350, Adjutant-General's Office, October 17, 1864, the four companies of the Tenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps will be put en route without delay to report to the commanding general Department of Washington. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier-General Lockwood, commanding Third Separate Brigade, is charged with the execution of this order.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

