
but a short time since the Third U. S. Infantry was taken from me, and five days ago I received an order to send to you the Seventh U. S. Infantry. It is now being relieved by the Seventeenth. The Seventh Regiment constituted the garrison of Fort Schuyler and Fort Lafayette. The latter has sixty-three rebel prisoners, chiefly blockade-runners, and many of them men of desperate character. The former is one of our most important forts, and is the only protection for the entrance into the harbor by way of Long Island Sound. My aggregate force here present for duty to-day, exclusive of musicians, recruits, and daily and extra duty men, is as follows: Fort Hamilton, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, 21; For Lafayette, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry and various regiments, 75; fort at Sandy Hook Twenty-eighth New York Battery, 50; Fort Schuyler, Twenty-eighth New York Battery, 50; Fort Wood, Sixth U. S. Infantry, permanent party and casually at post, 65; Battery Barracks, detachment Sixth U. S. Infantry, detachment Twentieth New York Battery, and permanent party, 68; Fort Richmond, Fifth U. S. Artillery, 30; total, 359.

Fort Columbus is a general recruiting depot and not under my control. It has the Twentieth New York Battery, aggregate 101, and 21 of the Veteran Reserve Corps. The total for duty is 81; and there are 150 deserters, stragglers, wounded and sick, and over 300 rebel prisoners to take care of. The public property in the city amounts to many millions of dollars, and there is more disaffection and disloyalty, independent of the elements of mischief and disturbance always here, than in any other city in the Union. I have not men enough to man one-tenth part of the guns in the harbor, and not enough to do guard duty properly. A few days ago I was ordered to send a regiment to Hart's Island to take care of prisoners of war about to be sent there. But I have not, as you see, a single regiment left.

I have deemed it proper to advise you of the condition of things here. I feel that this want of preparation would be very injurious if known, and it is not easy to conceal it long. Fort Richmond, the most important fortification in the harbor, is shut up, the Fifth U. S. Artillery having not men enough to guard properly the exterior batteries. I feel very uneasy under this state of things, without a force adequate to protect the public property in the city or the important forts in the harbor. I was at Hart's Island the day before yesterday, where thee were 2,700 recruits. Of these 750 left for the Army of the Potomac the same day; the residue will go as rapidly as they can be prepared for transportation. In fact, under existing arrangements, there is no other delay in forwarding recruits than that which is necessary to make out their papers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

MONTPELIER, VT., October 19, 1864.,

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

A party of rebels have invaded Saint Albans, robbed the banks, killed several citizens, stolen horses, and destroyed property. Send me an order instantly for arms at Vergennes, and telegraph storekeeper there to deliver to my order.

J. G. SMITH,

Governor.

