
CEDAR CREEK, October 20, 1864-11.30 a. m.

(Received 21 m. 21st.)

Lieutenant Grant. U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

We have again been favored by a great victory-a victory won from disaster by the gallantry of our officers and men. The attack on the enemy was made about 3 p. m. by a left half-wheel of the whole line, with a division of cavalry turning each flank of the enemy, the whole line advancing. The enemy, after a stubborn resistance, broke and fled, and were pushed with vigor. The artillery captured will probably be over fifty pieces-this, of course, includes what was captured from our troops in the early morning. At least 1,600 prisoners have been brought in; also wagons and ambulances in large numbers. This morning the cavalry made a dash at Fisher's Hill and carried it, the enemy having fled during the night, leaving only a small rear guard. I have to regret the loss of many valuable officers killed and wounded; among them Colonel Joseph Thoburn, commanding division of Crook's command killed; Colonel C. R. Lowell, commanding brigade, wounded; Colonel R. S. Mackenzie, commanding brigade, wounded severely; would not leave the field. I cannot yet give exact details. Many of our men captured by the enemy in the morning have made their escape and are coming in. Ramseur, commanding division in Early's army, died this morning.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., October 20, 1864.

(Received 9 a. m. 21st.)

General J. K. BARNES,

Surgeon-General:

Heavy engagement near Cedar Creek yesterday. Our army driven at first; afterward recovered ground, guns, and position, driving the enemy. Seven hundred and seventy-seven slightly wounded received here yesterday; Doctor Ghiselin reports 2,000 more to arrive; does not state how many are rebels. Field hospital established at Newton. Will forward all wounded able to bear transportation to Martinsburg as rapidly as possible. Please prepare hospital for their reception, as a large number con go to Baltimore, or beyond.

J. V. Z. BLANEY,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, Medical Director.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 60. October 20, 1864.

* * * * *

4. Brigadier General Max Weber will at once proceed to Hagerstown, Md., there to await further orders.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

