HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,October 20, 1864.

Brevet Major-General EMORY:

Major-General Sheridan directs me to inform you that the provost guard sent from your corps to Middletown (belonging to the Second Brigade, Second Division) has been ordered to remain at that place until further orders.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. V. SHERIDAN,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Strasburg, Va., October 20, 1864.

This command will be under arms at daybreak to-morrow. Tents will be struck and artillery, wagons, &amp;c., hitched up at that hour.

By order of Brevet Major-General Emory:

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, October 20, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

New from Sheridan's headquarters at midnight, to the effect that the enemy surprised our forces yesterday morning, driving the command in some confusion this side of Newtown, capturing artillery and prisoners. Sheridan arrived on the field, reorganized our forces, drove the enemy beyond Strasburg, capturing, it is reported, 43 pieces of artillery, 200 wagons and ambulances, and some 2,000 prisoners. The rout of the enemy said to be complete. This is not official, but I think it reliable.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, October 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

A reporter who left General Sheridan's headquarters at midnight says that the enemy completely surprised us yesterday morning, driving us in some confusion to a short distance this side of Newtown and capturing twenty-four pieces of our artillery. General Sheridan arrived on the field, from Winchester, at 1.30 o'clock, reorganized our forces, drove the enemy beyond Strasburg, capturing 43 pieces, over 100 wagons and ambulances, and, it was supposed, about 2,000 prisoners. The route of the enemy was complete. General Sheridan occupies his old headquarters at Cedar Creek. Dispatches have been sent through the telegraph office to General Grant.

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

