HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Martinsburg, Va., October 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Commanding Military District of Harper's Ferry:

GENERAL: I have received no news from the front since my 9 o'clock dispatch, except a dispatch from Lieutenant-Colonel Page, chief quartermaster, in regard to sending forward the supply train. His dispatch is dated the 20th, and ends,, "The enemy are badly whipped." I have sent out the train this a. m., with Heine's brigade and a battalion of the Sixth New York Artillery and a detachment of Twenty-third Illinois Infantry; in al, 1,100; also the cavalry received from you and the First New York, making over 500 cavalry. This ought to take it through safe without a doubt. If General Sheridan continues to capture guns at the rate he had commence, it will not take long to run the enemy out of artillery. The time of the Eighty-fourth New York will expire to-morrow. As they have some ordnance stores to turn over had I not better send them to Harper's Ferry?

Very respectfully,

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, October 20, 1864.

General SEWARD:

Send forward train at once. Make the escort more than usually strong. I can furnish 1,000 infantry for next train.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

CEDAR CREEK, October 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General SEWARD,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Martinsburg:

GENERAL: Our victory of yesterday was perfectly grand. We captured 48 or 50 pieces of artillery and a large number of caissons, ambulances, wagons, and about 1,600 prisoners. The enemy were broken and fled in confusion. Major-General Ramseur was killed; Brigadier-General Battle (rebel) was wounded. Our cavalry followed the scattered remnant of Early's army to beyond Edenburg to-day. They (the enemy) are broken up, and I think have made their last campaign in this valley. We also captured several battle-flags. When General Sheridan go to the front on the 19th (we stayed in Winchester during the night of the 18th), our army was between Middletown and Newtown. We took and kept the bulge on them as soon as the general arrived, and sent Early howling and scrambling over Cedar Creek and bounding over Fisher's Hill before 7 p. m. So ended the 19th of October, the anniversary of the battle of Winchester. General Wright was wounded slightly, General Ricketts wounded, Colonel Mackenzie wounded, Colonel Kitching wounded, General Bidwell killed, Colonel Lowell killed, Colonel Thoburn killed.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

(Forwarded October 21 to General Stevenson.)

