
MUDDY BRANCH, September 7, 1864.

(Received 12. 45 p. m.)

Major C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: One battalion of my regiment, under command of Captain Buck, left here at 8 a. m. to report to your headquarters.

Respectfully,

J. M. WAITE,

Major, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,September 7, 1864.

COMDG. OFFICER BATTALION EIGHT ILLINOIS CAVALRY:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with your command, with as little delay as practicable, to Port Tobacco, Md., at with place you will establish your headquarters. It is reported that large numbers of substitutes and bounty men desert to the enemy immediately after their arrival at the front, under the conditions extended in order from the rebel War Department that they will be afforded facilities for recrossing the line and returning to their homes. A number of these people are now at Richmond waiting opportunity to return, and it is expected that they will cross the Potomac, probably between Piney Point and Piscatway Creek; it is desirable that none be permitted to escape. In addition to the patrols on the river it will be well to establish a constant one from Port Tobacco to the Patuxent, to catch those who, landing below, attempt to make their way up the peninsula. It is also reported that much contraband trade takes place by means of rafts and small boats across the Potomac. This must be broken up, the persons engaged in it arrested and forwarded, with specific charges setting forth their offenses, and the means by which it is carried on destroyed. It will be well to have a certain number of boats for your own operations. I inclose a statement* made by a reliable man which serve as a guide in the detection of some of the parties alluded to. Prisoners should be forwarded in charge of a reliable party by vessel returning from delivery of sordes. Communicate frequently by means of this of this vessel with these headquarters, keeping them well informed of your operations. It necessary that your people be kept in hand, and no depredations upon private property will be permitted; let in be understood that any person so offending will be severely dealt with.

Very respectfully, your must obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., September 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that there is nothing of importance to report from this vicinity. A report came to camp last evening that Mosby was in our vicinity in force, but a scouting party

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

