
companies Ninety-third Regiment New York State National Guard; two companies Eleventh Regiment Maryland Infantry; detachment Ninety-first New York Volunteers; three companies One hundred and ninety-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers; three companies Fifth Massachusetts militia; seven companies First Delaware Cavalry; Smith's Company Independent Maryland Cavalry; Battery H, Third Pennsylvania Artillery, and detachment Eighth and Ninth New York Heavy Artillery.

The First Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers have four companies at Fort Dix and four companies at Monocacy Junction. They are in good condition, well supplied with arms, equipments, and clothing. Two of these companies have been in this command but a few days, and their morning report shows more than two-thirds of their whole number on detached service in Baltimore. The Ninety-third New York State National Guard have six companies at Elysville and one company at Annapolis Junction. This regiment is well armed, equipped and clothed, with exception of shoes, which are much needed. Drill and discipline are much neglected in this organization, the officers generally being unable to properly instruct their men. The two companies comprising the Eleventh Maryland Infantry Battalion are encamped at Monrovia. They are well furnished with arms, equipment, &amp;c., but need considerable attention to make them good soldiers. Their officers are not well informed as to the their duties, but are using every effort to have their men in proper condition and prepared for any emergency. The detachment of Ninety-first New York Volunteers reported for duty in this command on the 17th instant, and was immediately assigned to guard the three fords at mouth of the Monocacy River, some fifteen miles from Monocacy Junction. The short time they have been in the command has prevented their condition from being ascertained in time for this report. Three companies of One hundred and ninety-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers and three companies of Fifth Massachusetts Militia reported for duty in this command on the 17th instant, and were immediately assigned to duty to Brigadier General E. B. Tyler. They are stationed at Monocacy Junction. These detachments are fully armed and equipped, but had very little ammunition, no shelter-tents, cooking-utensils, company books, or records. The men are exposed to all the inclemencies of the weather, and it is almost impossible for their officers to make correct reports of the numerical strength of their companies. They have since been supplied with ammunition and will be furnished with shelter-tents as soon as possible. The First Delaware Cavalry and Smith's Company Independent Maryland Cavalry, in all about 275 men, mounted and equipped for duty, are now engaged in patrolling the country and guarding the different fords along the left bank of the Potomac River from Georgetown to Point of Rocks. This duty, owing to hr smallness of the force, in not as effectually done as it should be, and the horses of the command are nearly worn down with the constant labor they have to perform. The First Delaware Cavalry are armed with Merrill's carbines. These pieces are very defective. The cones are frequently blown out, and in many cases they will not explode a cap. The headquarters of the cavalry is temporarily at Clarksburg, this being the most central location. Rank's battery (H), Third Pennsylvania Artillery, have two sections (10-pounder Parrotts) at Monrovia and one section (12-pounder Napoleons) at Monocacy Junction. The battery is well supplied, has excellent horses, and is capable of performing good service. Stabling is now

