
was intense. I was denounced as a traitor, and the provost-marshal became the hero of the hour. Without the slightest communication with me, having heard but one side of the question, and neither seeking an explanation nor in forming me of his intentions, Governor Cannon was induced to ask of the Secretary of War, with what ex parte representations I cannot know, my immediate removal from the duties of mustering and disbursing officer. His formal application is probably on file in the Adjutant-General's Office, not in the handwriting of the Governor, but careful prepared for his signature and the indorsement of the Secretary of War. Hearing of this proceeding, I telegraphed to the officer who I supposed, from the long and pleasant official relations I had enjoyed with him, would feel some interest in the matter, the following.

WILMINGTON, DEL., August 20, 1864.

Major THOMAS M. VINCENT:

I hear from outside rumors that I am to be removed as mustering and disbursing officer. I ask, as a matter of simple justice, that my statement be heard. A grave mistake has been made by some one. May I send a written statement?

HENRY B. JUDD,

Major, U. S. Army.

To this I received no reply, and as no charges were made nor any explanation invited, I have been obliged to submit, in that spirit of military subordination to which I have been educated and with as much Christian charity as the case would admit of, until your return opens the do for this statement. Indignant at the course pursued against me I demanded a reason from the secretary of state, Mr. Harrington. I will do him the justice to say that he informed me very frankly, in substance, that no fault was found with the manner in which I had discharged all my military duties here up to the time of the arrest of these picnic parties; that I had labored assiduously, and had done all that the orders, instructions, or rules of the service probably required; but that I took no part in politics and apparel to sympathize with neither party. He afterward embodied in writing his opinions somewhat more carefully expressed.

I have heretofore carefully refrained from expressing any opinion in regard to the course pursued toward the parties engaged in this picnic-the action of the Secretary of War, in so promptly ordering their release, decides that question. A military commission was subsequently ordered for their trail by Major-General Wallace, but no evidence was produced upon which even to frame charges against them. The commission was then converted into a general courtmartial for the trial of soldiers. I could not think it was the desire of the department commander, or the policy of the Government, to treat with such extreme rigor a party of citizens, arrested upon the report of the provost-marshal, before the department commander had decided upon their case. I therefore ordered them to be paroled until his instructions should be received as to their disposition. This was made the pretext for my removal, the provost-marshal and his friends contending for their close confinement in Fort McHenry. While those who clamored for my removal were neither many in number nor occupying exalted positions in the eastern of their fellow-citizens, I have the satisfaction of feeling that in this, as in all other acts of my official duty, here, I have the support, confidence, and respect of the most intelligent and respectable gentleman of this community, including the earnest supporters of the Government and administra-

28 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

