
with directions to report to Cap. T. H. Bates, Company A, First Regiment New York Artillery, commanding camp near Back Creek, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation by railroad.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, October 20, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Eight of the rebel raiders at Saint Albans have been captured within the Canada line and a portion of their booty recovered.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

NEW YORK, N. Y., October 20, 1864.

(Received 10.40 p. m.)

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Washington, D. C.:

My order to the officer who went in pursuit of the marauders at Saint Albans was to follow them, if necessary, into Canada, and destroy them. My direction was, further, that the pursuit must be instant and continuous if carried across the line. I dined yesterday in company with Lord Lyons, and informed him of what I had done. I will send you to-morrow copies of my orders. I have this moment received the following satisfactory dispatch from Burlington:

Your order was perfectly understood. The pursuing party were close upon the raiders when they crossed the lines, and continued the pursuit, and at last accounts had captured eight, who are held by Canadian authorities awaiting requisitions. Canadian authorities are reported to be aiding in the pursuit and capture.

ROLLO GLEASON,

Provost-Marshal.

There are other raids in contemplation, and it is very importation that the Canadian authorities should do their duty. I think they will.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

MONTREAL, CANADA EAST, October 20, 1864.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

Lord Monck has ordered General Williams to give assistance by troops in arresting the raiders at Saint Albans.

D. THURSTON.

MONTPELIER, VT., October 20, 1864.

Major-General DIX:

Two of our citizens badly wounded at Saint Albans by the rebels, all three of the banks robbed, one hotel fired, and about $150,000 taken, and about twenty-five horses. A company of volunteers was organized

