
to pursue the rebels in their flight to Canada. Telegram this morning says that eight of the raiders captured by the pursuing party in Canada, nine horses, and a portion of the money recovered; not able to say how much. Party still pursuing the raiders. It was a most daring adventure.

J. GREGORY SMITH,

Governor of Vermont.

NEW YORK, October 20, 1864.

PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Burlington, Vt.:

What news from Saint Albans? I trust the officer understood my order in regard to pursuing the rebel raiders into Canada. It is only on case they are found on our side of the line, and the pursuit then must be instant and continuous. Advise him so.*

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, October 20, 1864.

Major F. N. CLARKE, U. S. Army,

Boston, Mass.:

Countermand the order sent last night directing troops to go to Saint Albans, Vt. If already started telegraph them to come back.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 21, 1864-3 p.m .

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Cedar Creek, Va.:

If it is possible to follow up your great victory until you can reach the Central road, do it, even if you have to live on half rations. I say nothing about reaching Lynchburg with a portion of your force, because I doubt the practicability of it. If the army at Richmond could be cut off from Southeast Virginia it would be of great importance to us, but I know the difficulty of supplying so far from your base.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CEDAR CREEK, October 21, 1864-4 p. m.

(Received 6 p. m. 23rd.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I pursued the routed forces of the enemy nearly to Mount Jackson, which point he reached during the night of the 19th and 20th without an organized regiment of his army. From the accounts of our prisoners who have escaped and citizens the rout was complete. About 2,000 of the enemy broke and made their way down through the mountains on the left. For ten miles on the line of retreat the road and country was

---------------

*For answer, see Gleason's dispatch, p. 435.

---------------

