
covered with small-arms, thrown away by the flying rebels, and other debris. Forty-eight pieces of captured artillery are now at my headquarters. I think that not less than 300 wagons and ambulances were either captured or destroyed. The accident of the morning turned to our advantage as much as though the whole movement had been planes. The only regret I have is the capture, in the early morning, of from 800 to 1,000 of our men. General, I want Getty, of the Sixth Corps, and the brave boys, Merritt and Custer, promoted by brevet. When I attacked the enemy Merritt and Custer, under the direction of Torbert, fiercely attacked the enemy's flanks, and when he broke closed in after dark and secured the artillery, trains, &amp;c. My loss in killed and wounded will be between 3,000 and 4,000. I am now sending to the War Department ten battle-flags. The loss of artillery in the morning was 7 from Crook, 11 from Emory, 6 from Wright. From all that I can learn I think that Early's re-enforcements could not be less than 12,000 men.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR. DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 358. Washington, October 21, 1864.

* * * * *

43. Brigadier General Thomas H. Neill, U. S. Volunteers, will at once report in person for duty to Major-General Sheridan, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Middle Military Division.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 61. October 21, 1864.

* * * * *

6. The following-named officers and enlisted men will proceed to Washington, D. C., with colors captured from the enemy in the engagement of the 19th instant, and will deliver them over to the Secretary of War. This duty being accomplished they will immediately join their proper command. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation: Colonel George M. Love, One hundred and sixteenth New York Volunteers; Captain E. B. Edwards, Company A, First Vermont Cavalry; Sergt. D. H. Scofied, Fifth New York Cavalry; Sergt. E. D. Woodbury, Company E, First Vermont Cavalry; Corpl. D. P. Reigle, Company F, Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Private T. M. Wells, chief bugler, Sixth Michigan Cavalry; Private James Sweeney, Company A, First Vermont Cavalry; Private J. Tarks, Company A, Ninth New York Cavalry; Private Ira Hough, Company E, Eighth Indiana Volunteers.

* * * * *

9. The District of Harper's Ferry is hereby constituted a separate brigade, and its commanding officer consequently invested with the authority of a division commander.

