HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,October 21, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION:

The chief of cavalry directs that you send out a reconnaissance of one large regiment to-morrow a. m., for six or seven miles, up the Back road. Send report to these headquarters as soon as they return.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[OCTOBER 21, 1864.-For Custer's congratulatory address, see Part I, p. 527.]

MARTINSBURG, October 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

Train of wounded arrived here this a. m. General Ricketts and Colonel Kitching, of Sixth New York Artillery, are among the wounded; both appear to be doing well. I can get no further details; yet all confirm the statement, however, that we have captured the forty-three guns, and pretty much everything that we lost in the morning, and a large number of prisoners. General Bidwell is reported killed; General Wright is slightly wounded, but did not leave the field. General Grover is said to be dangerously wounded. The loss among officers is said to be very severe. I think the report of the capture of the Second Brigade, Eight Corps, has no foundation.

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Martinsburg, Va., October 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Commanding Military District of Harper's Ferry:

GENERAL: Mosby, with 75 or 100 men, lay within 300 yards of the pike when our train for the front passed yesterday. The guard being unusually strong they thought best not to attack, but remained quietly until the train has passed and then started toward Smithfield. This was on the Winchester road, about half a mile on the other side of Darkesville. They captured a butcher, who was in advance of the train, and let him go again before dark. He says that Mosby questioned him very closely in regard to the number of troops stationed here, also in regard to our pickets. An officer arrived here yesterday with orders from General Powell to bring to the front all officers and men belonging to hid division. All my orderlies are front that command. When can you send me any cavalry?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

