HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Martinsburg, Va., October 21, 1864.

Lieutenant-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Middle Military Division:

COLONEL: I have the honor to call the attention of the general commanding to the inefficiency of troops, both infantry and cavalry, forming the garrison of this post. The time of one of my largest regiments, the Eighty-fourth New York, expired to-day, and another, the One hundred and ninety-fifth Pennsylvania, will expire next week. This regiment numbers over 700 men, and covers the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from Sleepy Creek to this point. I have now at this post, for guarding supplies, picket duty, provost-marshal duty, 7c., the Thirteenth and Fifteenth Maine, 576 men; the Eighteenth Connecticut, 248 men, and Second Eastern Shore Maryland, 190 men. The time of part of the Eastern Shore Maryland has already expired. Brigadier-General Stevenson informed me that an order has been issued for the Thirteenth and Fifteenth Maine to proceed to the front. This would literally leave me without any garrison. As this order must have been issued prior to General Sheridan's visit here, and before he was aware of the state of my garrison, by General Stevenson's advice I shall retain these two regiments until something further is heard from you, or other troops arrive. I take the liberty of referring to this matter, as General Sheridan had some conversation with me on the subject when here, land expressed the opinion that more troops were necessary. The large accumulation of supplies at this post makes it absolutely necessary we should have a good infantry force here. As for cavalry, I have not one, and have had to retain a few men from the relented camp, which has lately been removed to Hagerstown, to act as orderlies. Large trains are constantly arriving with small escorts, which it is often necessary to re-enforce before sending them back again, but at present I have nothing to do it with, or men to forward important dispatches, unless there happen to be some detachments here at the time.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

SEWARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,October 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General SEWARD,

Commanding. U. S. Forces, Martinsburg, W. Va.:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry has been directed to furnish you one regiment from his command. After it shall have reported to you, the major-general commanding directs that you will detain no cavalry en route to the front, except for the purpose of guarding trains moving in the same direction.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,October 21, 1864.

Colonel O. EDWARDS, Comdg. U. S. Forces, Winchester, Va.:

You have one regiment of cavalry attached to your command. That is all you can have at present, and I want you to distinctly underhand

