SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 43. Cumberland, Md., October 22, 1864.

I. In accordance with instruction received from headquarters Middle Military Division, the Twenty-first New York Cavalry, immediately upon the receipt of the equipments necessary to complete the outfit of the regiment, will proceed, via Patterson's Creek, Springfield, W. Va., and Bloomery Gap, to Martinsburg, W. Va., where the commanding officer will report to the chief of cavalry of the Middle Military Division. The command will be provided with there days' rations. The baggage and surplus stores of the regiment will be transported on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to Martinsburg. Stringent measures will be adopted by the officer in command to prevent straggling and interference with the property of citizen along the line of march.

* * * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Kelley:

C. A. FREEMAN,Lieutenant and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, October 22, 1864.

Captain FARIS,

Oakland:

Send a scout of twenty men, in command of a reliable officer, on scout, via Fort Pendleton, to Greenland Gap. Direct the officer to take some of Captain Godwin's men with him. Quite a number of horses are being stolen from near Piedemont by thieves who are secreted in the mountain. The men will take five day's rations.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, October 22, 1864.

Captain FISHER,

Piedmont:

You will take a squad and thoroughly blockade the road leading to the Hampshire Mines from the south. This I have therefore ordered done. Why the order has been disregarded I do not know. You will also keep out a scout constantly in this direction. It seems to me extremely strange that you cannot prevent those cursed thieves from coming almost into your camp and stealing horses and escaping with impunity.

B. F. KEELY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 22, 1864.

Colonel J H. OLEY,

Commanding, Charleston, W. Va., Kanawha Valley:

Your dispatch just received. Similar ones have been sent me from the Kanawha often in the last two or three months. You must send your scouts out to get reliable information, and not excite the country

