
by rumors. I don't see how the enemy can send any organized force there, as they need their troops so much elsewhere. I ordered a battery to report to your from Harper's Ferry several days ago.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Loup Creek, October 22, 1864.

Colonel JOHN H. OLEY,

Commanding, Charleston:

My information was correct. Logan Court-House seems to be their certain destination. Where they will strike from that points is uncertain, but their professed object is gathering up cattle. Mudwall Jackson, with his command, was at Saltville about the 14th instant. Breckinridge's headquarters were at Wytheville about the 15th instant. Their whole force there amounted to about 2,500 men, about 1,200 of them cavalry. All the detailed men were ordered then to report to Richmond. Basil Duke is among them, and Echols. Echols commands the reserves. Witcher seem to be acting independently, and has about the number of men I have stated.

JNO. J. POLSLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, W. VA., October 22, 1864.

Captain J. M. REYNOLDS,

Winfield, W. Va.:

Lieutenant-Colonel Polsley reports that Witcher, with 500 men, passed Raleigh, in the direction of Coal River, the evening of the 20th. Keep your men well in hand ready to act in conjunction with Captain Smith or Captain Blundon, and defend your post at all hazards. Expect further information this morning and will telegraph again.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, W. Va., October 22, 1864.

Colonel R. F. TAYLOR, Camp Piatt:

I think Witcheer means to work down Coal River. Have 200 men ready to go up Lens Creek to Peytona if necessary. Witcher's battalion will not fight much I believe. He aims to get below here on the river. Keep me posted.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, W. VA., October 22, 1864.

Colonel R. F. TAYLOR, Camp Piatt;

Colonel Polsley reports the rebel Witcher, with 500 men, going down Coal River. Have you heard anything of him? He may pass within ten miles of your. Keep a lookout on the Lens Creek road. Answer at once.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

29 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

