
Grant, for the return to this corps of six batteries belonging to it which are now at City Point. Of the other six batteries belonging to the corps, the term of service of one has just expired-men were detailed from the infantry to keep up, with the re-enlisted men and recruits of the battery, its organization, but the War Department has deceived this cannot be done; the term of service of another will soon expire;and in case of a third; twenty-eight men belonging to a New York organization, who have for a long time been attached to this battery, have been merged by orders from the War Department in the Sixth New York Battery and ordered to Washington. By this the efficiency of the battery of this corps last refereed to is greatly impaired if not destroyed. I therefore consider that the return of the batteries at City Point necessary to kept up the proper proportion of the artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 7, 1864.

Major-General EMORY,

Commanding Detachment Nineteenth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send a brigade up the Berryville pike as far as the Opequon for the purpose of making a reconnaissance, all our cavalry having been withdraw from there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,September 7, 1864.

Captain WILKERSON,

Judge-Advocate:

Yours received. Say to Colonel Molineux we have a division of cavalry on his left. He must look out his right and communicate with me frequently. I will be out the ridge occupied yesterday. The arms of the whole command are to be discharged at 4 p. m., so do not be surprised at any firing you may hear at the camps.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE BRIGADE,September 7, 1864-10 a. m.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: I have reached the forks of the road, as directs by the general, and have sent parties to the fords, as instructed to do. Will report as soon as I hear from them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Colonel, Commanding.

