
SAINT ALBANS, VT., October 22, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

the excitement still continues, thought somewhat abated. Threats are still made of a return to burn this and other villages. Eleven of the raiders have been taken, and about &amp;75,000 recovered. The parties captured admitted all they have done; say they have their commission form the Confederate Government, and claim the protection of the Canada Government. My last telegram from the Governor-General of Canada says, "You need entertain no fears but that the laws will be faithfully administered. " He has, at y request, ordered the trial removed from before the local magistrate to Judge Coursal, of Montreal, and everything looks favorable for a fair and thorough investigation. I have encouraged the organization of cavalry forces at several points on the frontier, to be kept in readiness for any emergency. We want some equipments-bridle, saddles, sabers, pistols, carbines, &c. Will you furnish, say, to the amount of 500? Please reply to me at this pint; and if you send have them forwarded to en at once at this point. Our volunteers are to engage in that service, and find their own horses if they can have equipments.

J. GREGORY SMITH,

Governor.

WASHINGTON CITY, October 22, 1864.

Governor J. G. SMITH,

Saint Albans, Vt.:

The Chief of Ordnance has been directed to forward to you immediately, at Saint albans, 500 carbines, pistols, sabers, and cavalry equipments.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington city, October 23, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of United States, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: the aspect of affairs in New York City and State urgently demands attention, as well for the security of the forts in the harbor of New York, the defense of the lake frontier from invasion, and the preservation of the public peace and from the purity of the ballot-box, from rebels imported from Canada. I have just had a consultation with General dix, who has called here for conference upon these subjects. He informs me he has already, in a communication to you as general commanding all the forces of the United States, reported the insecure condition of the forts in New York Harbor. You are aware that there are no troops in Washington or elsewhere at the disposal of the Department to meet this necessity. General Dix informs me that during the coming week he will be able to send you 5,000 new recruits, but for want of organization, and also for local reasons, they are not a proper force to place in garrison. Allow me to suggest whether, in view of their accession to you army, you cannot spare 2,000 or 3,000 men, tempora-

