
rily, to be sent to New York and placed under his command. I see no other way of meeting the emergency. By the 15th of November the necessity will either have passed away, or, by troops from other States, those now to be forwarded can be replaced. Please favor me with your views on this subject at you earliest convenience.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 23, 1864.

(Received 11.50 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Mosby's guerrillas are the only rebels in force left in this end of the Valley. If I could remount Cole's cavalry and arm them with the spencer carbine I can safely say that in sixty days I can get rid of this quasi-military pest.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 23, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry:

As Cole's cavalry were dismounted by General Sheridan's order the order for remount must come from him. If he prefers to give to that regiment the horses, we can supply his command.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, October 23, 1864.

(Received 12 m.)

Colonel HOFFMAN:

Total prisoners received at this post, 54 officers and 975 enlisted men. Five hundred enlisted men will go forward this evening for Point Lookout, the remainder to-morrow. I understand about 1,200 more are to come forward. Quartermaster at Baltimore will be promptly notified.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, October 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

Mr. Dana just arrived. Will send him forward at once. Mosby, with a small party, was at Bunker Hill this morning. It is possible he may have some intention on the railroad again. would it not be well to send a scouting party along the railroad to-night? I have no cavalry or I would send one out. I have received a communication from General Sheridan, saying that a cavalry regiment had been ordered to report to me. twelve hundred more wounded are reported on the road and will reach here to-night. I hall be ready for the.

W. H. SEWARD.

Brigadier-General.

