
CHARLESTON, W. VA., October 23, 1864.

Colonel W. B. THOMAS,

Gallipolis, Ohio:

Captain Blundon, commanding at Guyandotte, fears he will be attacked soon. If he telegraphs for assistance, please send the gun-boat and two or three companies down.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding First Separate Brigade.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Brattleborough, Vat., October 23, 1864.

Colonel VAN BUREN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the East, New York City:

SIR: I have hate honor to report that I received the inclosed telegram at 7 p. m. on the 19th instant. At once I collected about 100 convalescents and 30 of the Veteran Reserve Corps, with two offices, from the general hospital here, and left at 9 p. m. (the earliest train to be had), arriving at Saint Albans (the place of residence of the Governor), a distance of 200 miles, at 8 o'clock the next morning. I found that at about 4 p. m. the previous day about twenty-five men form Canada, armed with two revolvers each, had suddenly entered the three banks of the town and robbed them of over $200,000, mortally wounding one citizen and seriously wounding another; then they seized a number of horses and made their escape, the whole affair occupying less than half an hour. The citizens were utterly paralyzed by the boldness and suddenness of the attack. Soon after an ex-captain of volunteers, whit a few citizens mounted, started in pursuit. The robbers in their retreat tried to enter the bank at Sheldon, Vt., but were unsuccessful. In both places they made abortive attempts to burn buildings. They were pursued into Canada. After reaching the frontier, supposing themselves safe, they became less vigilant; and up to this date some twelve of them have been captured and lodged in and jails. About $75,000 were recovered. No officer or soldier of our Government violated any of the laws existing between the two countries.

The telegram to the Governor from you headquarters to pursue them into Canada, forwarded by a messenger to Lieutenant-Colonel Benton, late of the Eleventh Vermont Volunteers (acting under State orders), was received by the ex-captain about the time he had completed the pursuit. Finding that they were all in Canada and had dispersed, and that the Canadian authorities had taken the matter in hand, I deemed it useless to proceed whit the men to the line. Learning that some of the robbers were proceeding toward Saint Johns, I sent major Barstow, a discreet ex-officer of the Eighth Vermont Volunteers (acting under State authority), there to confer with the mayor relative to heir arrest.

The authorities over the line have shown every disposition to capture the rogers, and at all the interviews with our officials, I learn, they have been very courteous and well disposed.

the detachment of convalescents from Brattleborough, not being need, were sent back the same night, as they were to leave for the front on the 24th. About sixty of the Veteran Reserve Corps, under Captain Nickerson, a vigilant and discreet officer, remain at Saint Albans, and twenty of the same corps, under Captain Bancroft, are guarding the long railroad bridge at Alburg, all belonging to the

