
three hospitals in this State. As these officers and men are much needed at their stations, I respectfully recommend that a company of troops, whit an active and discreet captain, be sent to Saint Albans (only twelve miles from the line), to remain for the present. If a portion of them could be mounted, their efficiency would e much increased.

Certain deserters from Vermont regiments are supposed to be among the robbers; in fact, one was recognized by a soldier on furlough in the town, who had an altercation whit him.

I strongly recommend to the selectmen of the border towns to organize at once all the able-bodied men, under a suitable chief, for local protection, each man to receive a musket and ammunition, the selectmen to receipt for the property, and the men to be ready to assemble at short notice at some preconcerted signal. Many tows have adopted the plan, and the Governor promises to carry out the recommendation; he has an abundance of arms and ammunition for distribution.

From all I can learn deserters and Confederates made up the party, under instructions form active rebel agents in Canada, nd I shall not be surprised to hear of the outrages along the line before the Presidential election comes off. The decision of the Canadian authorities in the present cases will be of great importance to the rebels in their midst as to future operations. The Governor has grave apprehension as to the future peace of the frontier, considering the great number of deserters and rebels now near the line, and is exceedingly anxious for as much military protection as the Government can afford at the present time.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. AUSTINE,

Major, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Pro. Mar. General and Mil. Comdr.

[Inclosure.]

MONTPELIER, VT., October 19, 1864.

Major AUSTINE,

Brattleborough:

Send here all your available force, armed and with ordnance stores, by special train, at once. Order the express train to let them through. Rebels have invaded Saint albans; have robbed all the banks and killed several citizens. Don't delay.

J. G. SMITH,

Governor of Vermont.

CITY POINT, VA., October 24, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTION,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

The very significant dispatches sent by private hands and your letter in relation to affairs in New york are received. It is consoling to know that Sheridan defeated the first part of the rebel programme so signally. I am at a loss to know what was expected to be done in the North further than to colonize voters, unless it is to control the polls by violence at stated points where their imported voters are colonized. I had ordered another regiment of regulars to report to General Dix before receiving your letter. I see the absolute necessity of further re-enforcing him, and it must be done. I do not think the idea of sending troops from here. Cannot two or three of the new regi-

