
ments now raised in the North be sent there. I would not advise taking New York regiments, but those from Pennsylvania or the New England States would answer. Please telegraph me whether you can send General Dix the necessary re-enforcements in the manner here proposed. Price, I presume, is now about leaving Missouri, having accomplished his mission. If so, Rosecrans can send the required troops to New York.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RECTORTOWN, VA., October 24, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I left sheridan at Cedar Creek at 11.30 a. m. No sign of the relies of Early's forces up the Valley nearer than mount Jackson. A cavalry reconnaissance sent out yesterday afternoon into Luray Valley, by General Powell, from Front Royal, found the lower part of that valley occupied in force by Rosser's cavalry, protected by barricades across the road. The officers reported sounds of many wagons in the rear of the rebel cavalry. Powell is of opinion that Early was retreating by way, of Luray toward Gordonsville, under cover of his cavalry. sheridan's army is in the best of spirits. The wounded have been removed to Winchester and Martinsburg, with the exception of the worst cases, which still remain at Newtown. I hope to be in Washington by 1 p. m. to-morrow.

C. A. DANA.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, October 24, 1864. (Received 7.30 a. m. 25th.)

Major R. N. SCOTT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain James Gilliss, assistant quartermaster, and Lieutenant Brewerton, Fifth Artillery, were both captured on the 19th instant. They are both well, but are in the hands of the enemy. Captain Du Pont received a note from Lieutenant Brewerton after he as taken, which stated that they were all right.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 64. October 24, 1864.

1. Twenty-sixth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers is detailed for duty at these headquarters, and will at once report to Captain B. W. Crowninshield, acting provost-marshal-general.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

