
of the 19th instant, by their conduct, deserved promotion tot he rank of general officers, I have the honor to submit the following list:

First. Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, commanding corps till wounded and carried off the field. His gallantry and good conduct here, as in the battles of the 19th and 22nd ultimo, entitle him to promotion,a nd I present his name for the brevet of major-general.

Second. Brigadier General Frank Wheaton, commanding First Division, whose good conduct and steady gallantry entitle him to the brevet of major-general, for which he is recommended.

Third. Colonel J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers, commanding Third Division on the 19th instant, has by his gallantry and general good conduct, not only on the 19th, but in the battles of Opequon and fisher's Hill, in the last two of which he commanded a brigade, had earned the brevet of brigadier-general.

Fourth. Colonel O. Edwards, thirty-seventh Massachusetts, was not in the battle of the 19th instant, but in that of the 19th ultimo he commanded first his own brigade and subsequently the First Division, after the death of General Rusell and the disabling of General Upton. He is fairly entitled to the brevet of brigadier-general.

Fifth. Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, chief of artillery, has by his gallantry in all the actions in the Valley, and his general good management of the artillery arm of the corps, well merited promotion, and I earnestly recommend him for the brevet of brigadier-general.

Sixth. Colonel William H. Penrose, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, First Division, wounded in the battle of the 19th instant, has long commanded his brigade, and always with credit. He is a good officer, and should receive his brevet of brigadier-general.

Seventh. Colonel Joseph E. Hamblin, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, twice wounded in the battle of the 19th instant, is a gallant and meritorious officer. I heartily recommend him for the brevet of brigadier-general.

Eight. Colonel J. M. Warner, Eleventh Vermont (First Vermont Heavy Artillery), has commanded his brigade with great credit in all the battles and should be rewarded with the brevet of brigadier-general.

Ninth. Colonel r. s. Mackenzie, second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, is a brave and meritorious officer, who has done good service in all the battles of the Valley. He is an excellent brigade commander, and should receive the rank of a general officer. I recommend him for the brevet of brigadier-general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., October 24, 1864.

Brigadier General T. SEYMOUR, U. S. Volunteers,

Van Nostrand's, Broadway, New York City:

The Secretary of War directs that you report to General Sheridan for assignment to duty.

By order:

R. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

