HEADQUARTERS, Charleston, W. Va., October 24, 1864.

Colonel THOMAS,Gallipolis, Ohio:

The enemy have shown a force 300 strong at Gauley; this is independent of the force spoken of a day or two since at my right. The indications are now that the enemy are in rather strong force. If communication with me is cut off, you had better move up the Kanawha River. Will ask the pilot of the gun-boat whether he [can] make Kanawha at this stage of water.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Loup Creek, October 24, 1864.

Colonel JOHN H. OLEY,Commanding, Charleston:

I don not mean to say that Lieutenant Stover met no enemy yesterday. He met a well mounted company of rebel cavalry, and was defeated. He killed two rebels and made his escape, after his horse falling with him, by taking to the woods. Previous to his attack he was met by Colonel Stogden and told that there was no enemy nea Fayette. If the scouts from Logan and Coal have seen nothing it may be all of Wicher's force I have to contend with. They are certainly very bold.

JNO. J. POLSLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 252. Chambersburg, Pa., October 24, 1864.

* * * * *

10. Captain T. H. Bates, Company A, First Regiment New York Artillery, will report without delay with his command to Lieutenant Colonel Charles Stewart, First Battalion, 100-day's Pennsylvania Volunteers, for orders.

11. Lieutenant Colonel Charles Stewart, First Battalion, 100-day's Pennsylvania Volunteers, will break camp at 8 a. m. the 25th instant, and proceed with his command to the Maryland line, via Mercersburg, Pa., and carry out the instructions which he may receive from the assistant adjutant-general of the department.

12. Captain Abraham Cottrell, Company H, sixteenth regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, will proceed without delay with his command to Pottsville, Pa., for duty in the Lehigh district. The choirmaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

16. Captain Abraham Cottrell, Company H, Sixteenth Regiment veteran Reserve Corps, will proceed without delay with his company to Carlisle, Pa., and report to Captain William B. Royall, U. S. Army, commanding Carlisle Barracks, for temporary duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

