HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, Chambersburg, Pa., October 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES STEWART,Commanding U. S. Forces, near Back Creek:

COLONEL; In obedience to paragraph 11, Special Orders, No. 252, from these headquarters, dated October 24, 1864, you will march your command as follows: From present camp, via Saint Thomas and Mercersburg, to near the Maryland line; from there to Middleburg; from Middleburg to Waynesborough; from Waynesborough, via Greencastel, to Upton, where you will halt your command and report for orders. The strictest discipline will be observed in the march; all officers to be with their companies. No straggling must be allowed. Camp guards will be established, before the troops stack arms, on arriving in camp. No offices will be permitted to leave camp or their command without proper authority from the commanding officer of the troops. The march will be an easy one with frequent halts.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, Chambersburg, Pa., October 24, 1864.

Captain J. C. HULLINGER,Company D, 21st Regt. Pennsylvania Cavalry, Pottsvile, Pa.:

CAPTAIN: The commanding general directs that you proceed with your company, without delay, to Stroudsburg, Pa., and report to Captain Samuel Yohe, provost-marshal Eleventh District, Easton, Pa., for orders. It is reported that the are over 1,500 drafted men in that district who have not reported. You are directed to arrest them, or make it too uncomfortable for them to stay in that region. those of your command without horses will be left at pottsville, under command of the second lieutenant, who will use every exertion, after the inspection by Colonel Thomas S. Mather, to have the men mounted, and report to you with them for duty.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, October 24, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding Department of the East, New york City:

GENERAL: This Department has received information that the rebel agents in Canada design to send into the United States, about this time, a large number of refugees, deserters, and enemies of this Government, and to colonize them at different points, for the purpose of voting at the approaching Presidential election, and also, perhaps, with the view of organizing a system of rubbery and incendiarism in such cities, towns, villages, and districts as they may find unprotected. You are therefore directed to take any measures that may be in your power to defeat this nefarious scheme and to bring to justice those who

