
tion up this valley and through the Blue ridge is impracticable. I have been meditating cavalry operations against the Central railroad as soon as the necessary preparations can be made. The cavalry has lost largely in numbers by expiration of service, and is not half son strong as it was six weeks ago. The battle of the 19th still increases in results. We captured forty-eight pieces of artillery, caissons, horses, and all the appointments. twenty-four of the above number were captured from us in the morning; these I returned, and, in addition, allowed the batteries to refit and exchange, and have left twenty-four pieces of rebel artillery, with caissons complete, which I will send to Washington to-morrow. All the ambulances of the Nineteenth Corps captured by the enemy where retaken, with fifty-six rebel ambulances in good condition, and as many more were destroyed. A number of wagons and ambulances were burned unnecessarily by the cavalry in the excitement; not less than 300 wagons and ambulances were captured or burned. The road between Cedar Creek and Fisher's Hill for three miles was blocked by captured artillery and wagons. The rebel army did not stop at Fisher's Hill, bunt continued to Mount Jackson on the night after the battle, and on New Market next morning, and perhaps farther. the cavalry pursuit was kept up to a point between Edenburg and Mount Jackson. We captured fourteen battle-flags, ten of which I sent to the War Department and have for more yet to go. Persons who left the rebel army at Mount jackson report it broken up and demoralized worse than it ever has been. Rest assured, general, I will strike, and strike hard, whenever opportunity offers. I am anxious to get the recruits and conscripts for this army. we are now reduced to an effective force of not oven 22,000 infantry. From the accounts of officers, Early's infantry when he attacked me was 25,000; the number of cavalry not yet known.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 25, 1864-3.30 p. m.

(Via Harper's Ferry.)

Major-General SHERIDAN:

In accordance with the report of Colonels alexander and Thom, in regard to your wishes, orders have been given to take up the Manassas railroad back to Manassas Junction, and to rebuild the road form Harper's Ferry toward Winchester. As the enemy may strike at General Augur while taking up the road it will be well to send cavalry expeditions occasionally through the gaps toward Warrenton.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 364 Washington, October 25, 1864.

* * * * * *

8. The telegraphic order of October 24, 1864, from this office, directing Brigadier General T. Seymour, U. S. Volunteers, to report to Major-General Sheridan for assignment to duty, is hereby confirmed.

* * * * * *

By order of Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

30 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

