
WASHINGTON, October 25, 1864-4.40 p. m.

Major-General AUGUR,

Rectortown, Va.:

The Manassas railroad will be taken up back to Manassas junction, and all iron and material of the road, as well as the telegraph, will be brought in and disposed of as may be directed by the chiefs of those departments. The troops will be drawn in as fast as the road is taken up. If you get an opportunity, send copy to General Sheridan. This, however, is not important, as I will send to him via Harper's Ferry.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

RECTORTOWN, October 25, 1864.

(Received 11.15 a. m.)

Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

Until the question of opening this road is settled no troops can be spared from it.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, October 25, 1864.

General MERRITT:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry desires me to say that General Powell will probably engage the enemy to-morrow at or near Milford, in Luray Valley. He desires you to send one brigade at daylight up Big Fort Valley and across the mountain, to endeavor to strike the enemy in their rear or flank. As soon as it is possible let the commanding officer try and communicate with General Powell, either by courier, signal, or otherwise. Let him also keep communication with you that you may know how he is progressing. The brigade is to go without artillery or wagons. An endeavor is being made to communicate the above to General Powell to-night by signal. It may not reach him, which will cause the commanding officer of the brigade of the brigade to use some caution in trying to connect with General Powell.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,W. M. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Martinsburg, Va., October 25, 1864.

General STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry:

GENERAL: General Duffie was captured five miles beyond Bunker Hill last evening by Mosby. Colonel Edwards reports that Mosby had from 300 to 400 men, and started in the direction of Smithfield, sending five men as a guard to General Duffie. I have notified the troops along the railroad. The express from the east has just arrived all right.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

