SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DETACHMENT 19TH ARMY CORPS, No. 70. Near Cedar Creek, Va., October 26, 1864.

* * * * * *

5. Pursuant to authority form headquarters Middle Military Division, the Third Brigade, First Division, is hereby relieved from duty as guard to trains, and will rejoin its division.

By order of Brevet Major-General Emory:

DUNCAN S. WALKER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP OF THE SIXTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY, October 26, 1864.

Captain C. H. SAFFORD:

CAPTAIN: In accordance with request form brigade headquarters, I transmit the following statement:

On the afternoon of the 23rd instant one of the men of my company came to me and said that another one of the company, named George Briggs, had been shot on the other side of the river. I received permission from Major Deane, commanding the regiment, and immediately started after Briggs. I took nine men with me. On the other side of the river a sergeant from the First New York Dragoons, in command of the picket reserve, informed me that he had sent twelve men and a non-commissioned officer out to where Briggs was shot, with orders to get his body, arrest what men he found near there, and burn the houses, &amp;c. On my arrival, I found they (First New York Dragoons) had two men and one boy under arrest. They had searched the houses, but had not found any arms. The body of the soldier (Briggs) was bound on his horse, dead. I made what inquiries I could. Two men said that they saw the smoke of the gun that was shot at Briggs, and it came from the house of one of the men arrested. One of the prisoners said they (the prisoners) had been together all day, and I became satisfied that one of the men shot Briggs, but which I could not determine. In one of the houses were seven beds-two down stairs, five above-all in use. That family consisted of man and wife and two small children. The men and their families were very abusive in their language, saint hey wished all of us were shot, "Served him right," meaning Briggs, and other very insulting remarks. While I was making these inquiries it was only by the greatest effort that I could keep the men from killing them on the spot. I set fire to the houses, and, ahead the prisoners, started fort he camp. When I was about half a mile from the houses I heard cartridges explode in one of the houses burst, thus proving that they had arms and ammunition concealed, which the men in their search did not find, and in contradiction of the prisoners, who had sated they had none about their premises. I tried to procure ropes stated they had none about their premises. I tried to procure ropes to hang the men, but on failing I asked for volunteers to shoot them. The men rode forward as one man. I sent word to the picket reserve, gave the prisoners time to say their prayers, and then they were shot. The boy I released and sent home. The reasons that I did not bring the men into camp were: first, I and the men who were with me were satisfied that one of the men shot the soldier (Briggs); and, second, I

