
escort strong and safe beyond a doubt. Immediately on their return I will order them to report at Harper's Ferry. I trust that this will meet with your approval.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Martinsburg, October 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,Commanding at Harper's Ferry:

I have the honor to transmit herewith two communications, which have just been received from the front, relative to the movements of the next supply trains from this place. Under the circumstances, the cavalry train having been sent out yesterday morning, I think it best not to send what wagons I have until Friday morning. Do you approve, or had I better send them in the morning? Colonel Page was here yesterday, and directed that next train should not leave until the 28th.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

Please answer by telegraph.
HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, October 26, 1864.

General SEWARD:

I sent you this morning 300 cavalry. Colonel Von Einsiedel, with 2,000 infantry, is ordered to Bunker Hill to-night. If he arrives there in time the escort will be ample. You had better send at least 500 of your infantry, additional, to bunker Hill, with a staff officer, to turn over train and escort to Colonel Von einsiedel to take [the front] front.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, October 26, 1864.

Brevet Major-General KELLEY,

Passenger Train, Grafton, W. Va.:

No news this a. m. Captain Petrie will get away with his iron-clads this evening. Had to have an engine repaired for him. Petrie reports that about 400 or 500 of Imboden's men are scattered through the country from Cacapon bridge to North River Mills. Operator informs me that General Duffie was captured between Martinsburg and Winchester last night.

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES WEST OF PIEDMONT, &amp;c., Clarksburg, W. Va., October 26, 1864.

Lieutenant C. A. FREEMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.:

LIEUTENANT: James Carroll, a reliable citizen, reached Weston to day, and gives information to the following effect, viz, that citizens of

