
Nicholas County are driving their stock in this direction, and that they are pursued by 700 rebels. I have advised my outposts to scout thoroughly in that direction and to be on the alert. I also took the liberty of telegraphing the commanding officer at Charleston, Kanawha County, of the facts, thinking that some of the stock might take toward there. I have 20 cavalry and 100 infantry from Weston and Bulltown on a scout toward Holly, and 30 cavalry and 100 infantry from Buckhannon on the waters of Elk, in Webster County. Major shaw, eighth Ohio Cavalry, telegraphs this evening as follows, viz: A deserter from the Fourteenth Virginia, just in from Crab Bottom, reports Captain Hill, with 200 men, in Crab Bottoom, below Hightown; that the captain has stopped all travel in this direction, and that one of Hill's men told him they were going on a raid, and perhaps to Beverly. I have ordered Captain Lyle, with fifty men, to go to headwaters of the Tygart and gain all information in the direction of Huntersville, and to send a sergeant and ten men on Staunton road; the whole to commence returning to-morrow at 8 a. m.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Cedar Creek, Va., October 26, 1864.

Colonel JOHN H. OLEY,Commanding, Charleston, W. Va.:

Your telegram received. The general commanding directs that you hold out, fight, clean out, and destroy all in you front, as Breckinridge is in Kentucky, and there can be nothing but bushwhackers in that country. You must not permit yourself to be frightened by them. You have force enough; none can be spared from here.

WM. McKINLEY, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Charlestown, W. Va., October 26, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Captain F. C. LANHAM,Guyandotte, W. Va.:

Witcher, with 400 men, attacked Winfield at 3 this a. m., and was repulsed, and has retreated. Smith, Walton, and Reynolds are in pursuit. Send out all the force you can, and co-operate with them.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Charleston, W. Va., October 26, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel POLSLEY:

Witcher attacked Reynolds an hour ago; has been repulsed three times. Reynolds says he has captured the two Thurmonds; thinks the enemy is retreating.

J. M. RIFE,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

