
CEDAR CREEK, VA., October 27, 1864-12 midnight.

(Received 10 a. m. 29th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I made a demonstration up the Luray Valley yesterday with a portion of Powell's division of cavalry, and to-day made a reconnaissance up the Strasburg valley as far as Woodstock and beyond. Powell met opposition form some of Lomax's cavalry at the gorge near Milford, in the Luray Valey. IN the main valley nothing was found. The enemy's infantry was reported by deserters to be between New Markede and Harrisonburg, with Rosser at Mount Jackson. These, with other demonstrations which I will make, will secure Augur against all but Mosby and the numerous robbers that now infest the country, and which one good regiment could clear out any time, if the regimental commander has spunk enough to try. There is a regiment of cavalry at Harper's Ferry, one at Martinsburg, and one at Winchester, which is a sufficient mounted force to keep the lower Valley clear, but they do not do it. Brigadier-General Duffie was captured between Winchester and Martinsburg. I respectfully request his dismissal from the service. I think him a trifling man and a poor soldier. He was captured by hi own stupidity.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 67. October 27, 1864.

1. Brigadier General J. C. Sullivan, U. S. Volunteers, will at once proceed to Hagerstown, Md., there to await orders from these headquarters or higher authority.

* * * * *

3. Brigadier General Thomas H. Neill, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned the duty of inspecting that portion of the Department of West Virginia west of Martinsburg. All officers will afford him every facility toward the accomplishment of his duties.

* * * * *

13. Colonel Heine, commanding Provisional Division, will proceed to Winchester to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock, with his division, and report to Colonel Edwards, commanding that post, for duty. On Colonel Heine arriving at Winchester Colonel Edwards will place en route for this point his own brigade, and order it to report to commanding officer Sixth Corps.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RECTORTOWN, VA., October 27, 1864.

(Received 7.25 p. m. 28th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

They have commenced taking up the track at Piedmont, and expect to reach this place to-morrow night. I think it doubtful from present

