
Colonel Peach, upon being relieved by Major Keene, will, with his regimental staff, rejoin his regiment without delay. This order subject to the approval of the Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

* * * * * *

6. Companies E, F, G, I, and I, First Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, are hereby relieved from further duty in the First Separate Brigade, and will be reported to the commanding officer Camp Bradford, to relieve the companies of the Eighth Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, now on duty at that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

7. Companies C, D, E, F, H, and I, Eighth Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, will, upon being relieved by the companies of the First Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, be reported to Brigadier-General Lockwood, commanding Third Separate Brigade, preparatory to their being put en route for the place of muster out of said regiment. The commanding officer of Camp Bradford is charged with the execution of this order.

* * * * *

9. Company H, First Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, is hereby relieved from further duty in the First Separate Brigade, and will be reported to Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, commanding Third Separate Brigade, without delay. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, October 27, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER, Commanding:

SIR: It has been stated in the papers that a black flag, captured between Harper's Ferry and Martinsburg by one of your scouts form some of Mosby's guerrillas, has been presented by you to the city of Philadelphia. All flags, munitions of war, and public property taken from the enemy belong to the United States, and such flags when captured should be forwarded to the Adjutant-General. Please report for the information of the Secretary of War whether the statement in the papers is correct; and if it is, cause the flag to be obtained and forwarded to this office, to be deposited int eh archives of the War Department.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, Harrisburg, Pa., October 27, 1864.

Major JOHN S. SCHULTZE, Asst. Adjt. General, Chambersburg, Pa.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that during my late tour of inspection to Pottsville, Pa., I took the opportunity to inform myself, as fully as time and circumstances would permit, as tot he general condition of affairs in the Tenth and Twelfth Districts of the Eastern Division of Pennsylvania. I saw Captain Bowen, provost-marshal of the Tenth District, Mr. Parry and Mr. Green, of Pottsville, Mr. Levi

