
ments through the district. Their presence will have a tendency to hold the rioters in check, and they can make arrests in the immediate vicinity where they are located through information obtained from parties who know these deserters, but who, unless they are sure of protection by the presence of troops, are afraid to point them out. It is very important that officers in charge of troops et into these localities should exercise the greatest possible care over their men, and see that nothing is done or said to injure or destroy property or inflame the passions of the people. The political excitement runs high in the mining districts; and the fact cannot be disguised that there are imprudent men belonging to both parties. The lower classes are given to understand by their leaders that the triumph of one political party will be the signal for a revolution at the North. The men who have committed the riotous acts are mostly Irish laborers. The Welsh, German, and English are generally peaceful, and when drafted have generally reported either in person or by substitutes.

I was informed while in Pottsville, by responsible parties, that Captain Bradford, the provost-marshal of the Twelfth District, in the Eastern Division of Pennsylvania, has a brother who is in the bounty-broker business. It was from this district that a large number of the recruits that I inspected at Philadelphia, and which were mostly found unfit for service, came. Mr. Siliman, a large coal operator in Hazleton, and a reliable man, says that the provost-marshal of the Twelfth District has been advised s\as tot he large number of deserters in that township, an has paid no attention to the fact nor attempted to have them arrested. Very few of the men drafted from Luzerne, Wyoming, and Bradford Counties have reported. many of these deserters are working out, and are well known and can be arrested, especially in Luzerne County. No arrests have been made, I was informed, in Mauch Chunk township, though it abounds whit deserters. The commanding officer of the detachment of cavalry on duty at Hazleton says that he has not been called upon to arret deserters, though there are a large number in the township.

I give you the names of a few reliable men in Ashland and Mahanoy Townships, which I have obtained form the provost-marshal of the Elevenths District. Ii is respectfully recommended that small detachments of troops be stationed in the townships of Ashland, Mahanoy, Reilly, and New Castle until after the election. I think given you the fact as obtained from men who are considered reliable. I am of the opinion that the interests of the service would be enhanced if a competent officer be ordered to take command of the region included in the Tenth and Twelfth Districts, and think that, with proper effort, he might be enabled to have the deserters arrested and the riotous demonstrations quelled.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. S. MATHER,

Colonel and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Dept., of the Susquehanna.

WASHINGTON CITY, October 27, 1864.

Major-General DIX, New York:

Your order suits the case exactly.*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See General Orders, No. 80, October 28, p. 486.

---------------

