HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, October 28, 1864.

General CUSTER:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry directs that you send a reconnaissance of two regiments up the Valley pike to-morrow a. m. at daylight, as far as Woodstock, or a little beyond. Let the commanding officer obtain all the information possible regarding the whereabouts of the enemy's forces. Also send a small party out toward Fawcett's Gap, and as far as that place, an in future, if not already done so, send patrols as far as that point and toward the North Mountain.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., October 28, 1864-6 p. m.

(Received 6.30 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There are numerous desertions of the substitutes arriving at this post. A party deserted yesterday. I sent to-day a scout into Loudoun and captured two of them; they belong to Fortieth New Jersey, a part of the same company that deserted at the Philadelphia depot a few days ago. I think, for the good of the service, these men should be shot, as many such fellows arrive here every day. an example, in my opinion, is demanded.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 28, 1864.

Major-General WALLACE:

Your telegram about expiration of term of Ninety-third New York and other regiments received. In answer, I am directed to inform you that you can take back the troops under General tyler if you require them.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, October 28, 1864.

(Received 1.05 p. m.)

General E. D. TOWNSEND:

GENERAL: In it possible to make arrangements by which the First Delaware Cavalry, now guarding the fords of the Potomac in the neighborhood of the mouth of the Monocacy, can be relieved temporarily by other troops? If this can be done by some command from Major-General Augur or by detachments from General Sheridan, the request of Governor Cannon can be complied with. Please submit the mater to the Secretary of War.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

