
STATE OF DELAWARE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Wilmington, October 28, 1864.

Major General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding Middle Department:

SIR: I have reason to be apprehensive that at the election to be held in this State on the 8th proximo a fair and free expression of the popular will may be prevented. In my judgment every necessary precaution should be taken to overawe and prevent any lawless demonstration, and to secure the exercise of the right of suffrage to all who may be qualified to vote. As the Executive of this State, charged with the preservation of its peace and the enforcement of its laws, but having no military force at my disposal, and having no power under the law of this State to raise an efficient force of this purpose, I have the honor to request that as military commander of this department, and as the representative of the authority of the United States, you will cause to be stationed at or near the various voting places in this State during the day and evening of the election a sufficient military force to preserve the peace, to protect loyal and true men, to secure a fair election, and to prevent any violation of the laws.

Very respectfully, yours,

WILLIAM CANNON,

Governor of Delaware.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 270. Baltimore, October 28, 1864.

* * * * *

2. The Ninety-third Regiment New York Sate National Guard is hereby relieved from further duty in the First Separate Brigade, and will be concentrated at the Relay House preparatory to their being put en route for the place of muster out of said regiment. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, commanding First Separate Brigade, is charged whit the execution of this order.

3. Companies A, F, and I, Ninety-third Regiment New York State National Guard, will be at once relieved from duty in the District of Annapolis and ordered to report to Brigadier-General Tyler, commanding First Separate Brigade, at the Relay House, preparatory to their being put en route for the place of muster out of said regiment. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Colonel A. R. Root, commanding at that post, is charged with the execution of this order.

4. Companies C and E, First Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, are hereby relieved from further duty in the First Separate Brigade, and will be reported to Brigadier-General Lockwood, commanding Third Separate Brigade, Baltimore, md., to be mustered out at the expiration of their term of service, in accordance with the mustering regulations of the army. The quartermaster's department will unties the necessary transportation. Brigadier-General Lockwood is charged with the execution of this order.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

OLIVER MATTHEWS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

