
the movable part of his army to Manassas, and to advance form there, where he can constantly keep himself supplied by means of a good railroad, than to move ahead his wagon train up the Vallery, in order to debouch through any of the gaps leading eastward toward Gordonsville. This is especially true when we consider that any effective movement upon that place presupposes a permanent occupation of the railroad, and not a mere temporary raid, whose interruption of the enemy's communication is felt for a few days only.

I dare say these facts and considerations have already been brought to the general's notice, either by his own examination of the matter or by the reports of other correspondents, but they nevertheless seem o me to be of importance enough to bear repeating.

Yours, very faithfully,

C. A. DANA.

RECTORTOWN, VA., October 29, 1864.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Early yesterday morning I sent a part of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry to near Snicker's Gap to arrest one of Mosby's boarding-house keepers. They have returned whit him and fifteen of Mosby's men, seventeen horses and equipments, and a number of revolvers. The track is taken up to within about a mile of this place. I shall not leave here for White Plains probably until to-morrow.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 372. Washington, October 29, 1864.

* * * * *

36. Colonel M. I. Ludington, Quartermaster's Department, recently appointed chief quartermaster Department of Washington, will repair at once to this city, and report in person to the commanding general of said department to assume the duties of his office.

* * * * *

By orders of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TONWSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MUDDY BRANCH, October 29, 1864.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Twenty-second Army Corps:

COLONEL: All is quiet up to 1 p. m. Covered wagons and mounted men are seen to-day across the river at White's Ford, they probably being engage in collection forage. Captain Pierce leaves camp immediately for Leesburg with seventy-five men. Will visit it at 9 or 10 this evening.

Respectfully,

J. D. LUDLAM,

Major, &amp;c.

