HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, October 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINBSBURY, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the number of dead buried on the day of and succeeding the 19th instant by this command was 253.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADIER, FIRST DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS, Camp near Cedar Creek, Va., October 29, 1864.

Major WALKER,Assistant Adjutant-General,

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that I visited the picket and outpost of the corps during my tour as general field officer of the day twice during the day and once after midnight. I found a large portion of the sentinels badly instructed, no two brigade details being instructed alike. The detail form the Second Division stacked their arms on the reserves, some of the men sleeping some distance form their arms, which was contrary to the orders given the undersigned. One-third of the picket-posts allowed two out of the four men to sleep on post. Corporal Woods, Company C, Eighth Vermont, who was in charge of one of the pickets, I captured, he fully believing all the time I was a rebel officer. He had been told by the lieutenant in charge of the reserve that only the sentinel on post was required to keep awake. This corporal and two men were at least 75 to 100 yards form any sentinel. Lieutenant Mullen, of the Twelfth Connecticut, stated that the Second Division officer told him he could have as many fires on the reserve as he wished. I found for most comfortable fires at this post, which I saw half a mile before reaching. I found fires at three-quarters of the outposts, notwithstanding every reserve and nearly every advance picket of the guard had been most carefully instructed dirt in the day to the contrary. I attribute this non-carrying out of orders to the neglect of the old guard in properly turning over the instructions which they receive during their tour. The distance to the line is so far from camp that it is impossible for the posts to be all relieved by the new guard and become familiar with the ground they occupy before dark. I would therefore respectfully suggest that the hour of relieving be changed at least an hour and a half earlier.

Respectfully submitted.

N. A. M. DUDLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Martinsburg, W. Va., October 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

Commanding Military District of Harper's Ferry:

An order just received from General Sheridan directs met o send the Eighteenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers to New Haven, Conn., at once. They start at 10 o'clock to-night. The order also directs me to

