SPECIAL ORDERS,WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 297. Washington, september 7, 1864.

* * * * *

64. Brevet Brigadier General Roy Stone, colonel One hundred and forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty as commandant of the depot for volunteers, Camp Curtin, Harrisburg, Pa., and will take post and enter upon his duties accordingly.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, September 7, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I propose to go this evening to Long Island and return on Saturday. I leave Major-General Peck at these headquarters, who will advise me promptly by telegraph if my earlier return is required.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

NEAR BERRYVILLE, September 8, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General Grant:

NEAR BERRYVILLE, September 8, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch of the instant received. Kershaw has not left the Valley, nor has any portion of his command. Yesterday I sent off twenty-six prisoners representing his four brigades. No troops have left here. I have had prisoners daily representing each division of Early's army, and from other sources I able to say positively that no troops have left. Early's infantry and my own number about the same. I have not deemed it best to attack him, but have watched closely to press him hard so soon as he commences to detach troops for Richmond. This was the tenor of your dispatch to me after I took up the defensive. The right of my infantry line is at Summit Poit, My left near Berryville. Early is on west side of Opequon-his left above Stephenson's Depot; his right, Kershaw's, covering the Berryville pike.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, September 8, 1864-1 p. m.

(Received 4.30 p. m.)

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Charlestown, Va.:

If you want to attack Early you might re-enforce largely from Washington. Whilst you are close in front of the enemy there is no necessity for a large force there. This is not intended to urge an attack, because I believe you will allow no chance to escape which promises success.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

4 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

