
send the Second Eastern Shore Maryland to Baltimore, Md., so that they may reach there by the 4th. I shall send them Monday or Tuesday. I should like to have some conversation with you,a nd will come down to the Ferry to-morrow, unless you can come up here. Please answer by telegraph this evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

STATE OF WEST VIRGINIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Wheeling, October 29, 1864.

Major-General CROOK,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

GENERAL: I feel it may imperative duty to call your attention to the defenseless condition of Kanawha Valley and the southern portion of the State generally. It seems to be the general impression, and I am inclined to think a correct one, that that section of the country is being threatened and will be overrun by a considerable rebel force unless aid is speedily afforded. The defeat of General Burbridge,a nd his retreat, leaves the rebels free to who where they please without fear of attack from his forces. I inclose you a letter form Judge Brown, of Charleston, with whom you are acquainted, and call your attention to his statements, on which, as you are well aware, you can safely rely. I have been subjected to severe strictures of some of my enemies for failing to save the mountain counties from the late disastrous raid; and while I feel that I had done everything in my power to protect them, yet it is my purpose, as it is my duty, to persevere in my efforts to have our loyal people saved from the ruinous consequences of these rebel incursions for the future. I therefore most respectfully, but earnestly, request that you take such action as will insure the safety of the section of the State above referred to. If you have not the means in you power to enable you to comply with my request, please inform me to whom it would be best for met o make application. At all events let me hear from you. I should be pleased to see and talk with you on the condition of affairs within my State and your department.

Very respectfully,

A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor.

[Indorsement.]

General CROOK:

This has just been received from Governor Boreman. since then Oley has whipped Thurmond. A telegram from Oley says he down not feel scared, and from its tone I am of the opinion he thinks he can attend to them in the valley. Inclosed also find Oley's telegram.

R. P. K.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

CHARLESTON, KANAWHA, W. VA., October 25, 1864.

His Excellency ARTHUR I. BOREMAN:

DEAR SIR: Permit me to press upon your attention a matter of serious importance to the best interests and safety of this section of the

