
in command to push on far enough to meet something, provide that he does not go far enough to prevent him from returning whit his party the same day.

By command of Brevet Major-General Custer:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIST. OF HARPER'S FERRY, No. 75. Harper's Ferry, W. Va., October 30, 1864.

1. Colonel Cole, commanding First Potomac Home Brigade Cavalry,will move whit his command to Martinsburg to-morrow morning. He will send his wagons and horses by land, and with the rest of his command embark in train of Baltimore and Ohio railroad. On arriving at Martinsburg he will report to Brigadier-General Seward for orders. The quartermaster will furnish necessary transportation by railroad.

2. Colonel Pierce, commanidng Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, will relieve the pickets now furnished by Colonel Cole, First Potomac Home Brigade Maryland Cavalry, at 7 a. m. to-morrow, the 31st instant. He will receive from Colonel Cole the instructions concerning the picket line, and will keep up the picket-line form his command, in accordance with said instructions, until further orders.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Stevenson:

S. F. ADAMS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, October 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General SEWARD, Martinsburg:

It is reported that a rebel force of cavalry was in the neighborhood of Bath this a. m., and it was believed they intended an attack on the train at some point between Big Cacapon and Back Creek. Will you please send a cavalry scout, via Bloomery Gap, Shanghai, and Unger's Store, and cut them off? Please answer.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, October 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General SEWARD, MARTINSBURG:

A scout just arrived at Sir John's Run reports McNeill's and White's commands between Winchester and Bath.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CEDAR CREEK, VA., October 30, 1864.

Colonel J. H. OLEY,

Commanding, Charleston, Kanawha Valley, Va.:

Your telegram announcing your victory over Witcher and Thurmond has just reached me. That is the kind of reports I like to get from you. Pursue your good work and show them no mercy. Send expeditions to the sections of country where these bushwhackers are harbored, and destroy all subsistence for man or beast. Drive

