
off all their stock, but destroy no houses. In this way you will make a belt of devastation between your lines and the enemy's all around your front, which will prevent these frequent incursions of theirs. It is cheaper and more humane for us to feed these people than to fight their bushwhackers. You must exercise a sound judgment in the carrying out of these instructions.

GEORGE CROOK,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 272. Baltimore, October 30, 1864.

* * * * * *

2. The Ninety-third New York State National Guard, Colonel W. R. W. Chambers commanding, will be put en route without delay, to report to the commanding officer at New york City, there to be mustered out and paid off at the expiration of their term of service, in accordance with the mustering regulations of the army. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, commanding First Separate Brigade, is charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

OLIVER MATTHEWS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RELAY HOUSE, October 30, 1864.

Captain MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The detachment of Ninety-first New York are required at Monocacy to guard bridge and battery there. I have thirty-five men Eastern shore regiment to be mustered out, and forty-nine re-enlisted men here. They will be sent to Baltimore in the morning, unless the re-enlisted are ordered to Elysville.

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, October 30, 1864.

Major General D. N. COUCH,

Comdg. Department of the Susquehanna, Chambersburg, Pa.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of General Orders,* No. 80, headquarters Department of the East, New York City, October 28, 1864, directing that all persons from the insurgent States be registered before the approaching Presidential election,a nd other requirements with respect to persons coming into the United States from Canada, with direction from the Secretary of War that you issue, without delay, a similar order, and that you command the proper authorities within your department to see that the provisions of the order are strictly enforced.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 486.

32 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

---------------

