SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 258. Chambersburg, Pa., October 30, 1864.

* * * * * *

3. Company H, First Battalion, 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Eighteenth Congressional District and will proceed without delay form Williamsport to Harrisburg, Pa., and report to the commanding officer of the battalion at that place for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation by railroad.

* * * * * *

5. Company F, Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Juniata District, and will proceed without delay to Chambersburg, Pa., and report to the assistant adjutant-general of the department for orders.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

BUFFALO, N. Y., October 30, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

The following telegram has just been received by me:

TORONTO, CANADA WEST, October 30, 1864.

PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Buffalo:

I have received information this afternoon, from a source which I think is entitled to confidence, that a party of Southern rebels and sympathizers left here yesterday, to be joined by others at different points-in all, about 100-with the intention of going to Buffalo or Detroit, or both places, for the purpose of burning and committing other depredation, and I think it is not unlikely they may begin operations to-night. They were provided with arms, combustible material, &amp;c., necessary for their intended operations. I judge it is their intention to cross the river in small boats. They also talked of Suspension Bridge and Niagara Falls. Their preparations have been going on for some time, and, if my information is correct, are very complete. Their arms have been brought in from the West, and they are leagued with parties in that direction. Two of those who left Toronto have commissions form the rebel Government.

R. J. KIMBALL,

U. S. Consular Agent.

The military of the city are now assembling, and proper preparations will be taken to secure the safety of the city to-night.

WM. F. ROGERS,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Thirtieth District.

WASHINGTON, October 31, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Cedar Creek:

Colonel Comstock is en route to act temporarily as your chief engineer. Lieutenant Gillespie will soon take his place. The repair of the Winchester railroad must be guarded by your troops; there are none that can be sent from here for that purpose. General Augur needs all

