
he has to protect the workmen breaking up Manassas road and removing material. General Wallace asks for fire more regiments at Baltimore, to replace those whose term of service has expired; General Grant will give him none, and he can have none from here. I can see no necessity for these forces at Baltimore so long as you are between that place and the enemy.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WHITE PLAINS, October 31, 1864.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

If you can spare Raymond for a few days, send him out to-morrow. He need bring no horse. I will send Slosson to help you.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

MARTINSBURG, October 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

The following is the report of my scouting party sent out to Unger's Store yesterday:

Scout just returned form Unger's Store report nine rebels having passed that place toward Bath on Saturday, stealing horses. Mr. Kitching, of Back Creek Valley, says there have been no enemy heard of there. Mr. Unger was in Bath yesterday. He reports no rebels there. Citizens from Winchester report no rebels on the road.

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Cumberland, Md., October 31, 1864.

I. The Twenty-first New york Cavalry Volunteers will proceed at once, as directed in paragraph I, Special Orders, No. 43., from these headquarters, to Martinsburg, W. Va. If any portion of the regiment is not fully equipped they will be transported, together with their horses and the baggage of the regiment, over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to the point indicated. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Kelley:

C. A. FREEMAN,Lieutenant and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 273. Baltimore, October 31, 1864.

1. The Eight Regiment Massachusetts Militia, Colonel B. F. Peach commanding, will be put en route without delay to report to the commanding officer at Readville, Mass., there to be mustered out and paid

