
NEAR BERRYVILLE, VA., September 8, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 1.25 a. m. 9th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing important to report to-day. I moved General Crook to Summit Point as Rodes moved from Stephenson's Depot to Brucetown. Yesterday Wilson's Cavalry division crossed the Opequon and went in the direction of Winchester; met by Kershaw's division. Kershaw is on Early's right, covering the Berryville pike. I telegraphed you some time ago that Lieutenant-General Anderson was here. He has not assumed command (being senior to Early), as only a part of his corps is here, but that he is here is unquestionable. There is no truth in the newspaper report of the loss of Crook's ambulance train. Only one ambulance was lost and some twelve or thirteen horses. The train was attacked and badly stampeded by six or Mosby's men.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 16. Near Berryville, Va., September 8, 1864.

In order to prevent the unauthorized seizure of private property,t he following orders and instructions are issued for the guidance of this army:

1. No private property whatever be seized, except horses, mules, forage, and forest beef, or, in case of actual necessity, flour and bacon.

2. For all private property seized under this order, brigade or detachment quartermasters will give vouchers to the owners, stating explicitly the amount and character of property taken, the order for so taking it, and that on proof of loyalty to the United States Government the claim will be paid.

3. The quartermasters will take up on their returns and account for all property seized under this order.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 28. September 8, 1864.

* * * * *

2. The First Regiment of Cavalry, Potomac Home Brigade (Cole's Cavalry), will proceed to Harper's Ferry, for the purpose of being dismount, under the supervision of Captain G. A. Gordon, special inspector of cavalry. The command, after being dismounted, will report to Brigadier-General Stevenson, commanding at Harper's Ferry. The horses and equipments will be turned over to Lieutenant-Colonel Page, chief quartermaster of cavalry.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

