
Colonel Ludington will relieve Captain H. C. Lawrence, assistant quartermaster, in the performance of his duties as chief quartermaster of this department, without delay.

By command of Major General C. C. Augur:

C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACHMENT 19TH ARMY CORPS, No. 76. Near Cedar Creek, Va., November 1, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

4. The division order transferring the Thirtieth Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers from the First to the Third Brigade, First Division, is hereby annulled, and it will remain in the First Brigade.

5. The following is the permanent assignment of officers to the command of brigades in the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps:

Brigadier-General Fessenden to the command of the Third Brigade, First Division. The First and Second Brigades, First Division, have already had their commanders assigned them. In the absence of the brevet brigadier-general commanding the First Brigade it will be commanded by Colonel Dudley, Thirtieth Massachusetts, senior colonel present for duty. In the absence of the brigadier-general commanding the Second Brigade, Colonel Thomas, Eighth Vermont, senior colonel present for duty, will command that brigade. This order will go into immediate effect, and the officers designated will at once assume command of their brigades.

By command of Brevet Major-General Emory:

DUNCAN S. WALKER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, November 1, 1864-9 p.m.

General CUSTER:

GENERAL: The acting chief of cavalry directs, in pursuance of instructions from headquarters Middle Military Division, that you send out a force to-morrow a.m.in the valley west of Little North Mountain to scout and watch that valley. He thinks this party had better stay out somewhere in the vicinity of the terminus of the valley, unless the patrolling and picketing are, in your judgment, sufficient to watch that valley.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, November 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

Mosby, with 300 men probably, passed through Smithfield about 6 a.m. I think he intends to cross the Shenandoah at Rocky Ford. I have just captured one of his men, who lost the command before they reached this place last night. He says he thinks they intended to attack our wagon train in park here, and that they left Loudoun yesterday morning.

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

