
CUMBERLAND, November 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General SEWARD,

Martinsburg:

The post at Green Spring was attacked this a.m. at 4 o'clock by about 200 rebels, believed to be McNeill's and White's guerrillas. The captain was wounded and the first lieutenant killed, and most of the command, with their horses and equipments, captured. The troop train arrived just in time to prevent the capture of the express train west. Trains all safe. Train east has gone forward. The rebels have retreated with their captured property. My cavalry are after them, but I fear will not overtake them. The Twenty-first New York Cavalry left here this a.m. for Martinsburg, via Springfield, Bloomery Gap, Unger's Store, and Shanghai.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

[Copy forwarded to Brigadier-General Stevenson.]

MARTINSBURG, November 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

A company stationed at Green Spring were attacked this a.m. by a party of mounted men, supposed to be White and McNeill's party, 300 or 500 strong. Several of our men were killed and wounded. Just at this time a train of troops bound west arrived, disembarked, and drove the enemy off. Have no further particulars. At 3 p.m. a small party, supposed to be of the same force, attempted to pass through our picket-line; they were halted; immediately attacked the picket, wounding one man. The troops near by got under arms at once and the party beat a hasty retreat. About one mile out on the Tuscarora road they are reported to have joined the main party, and the whole made off toward Gerrardstown. I sent 100 cavalry, all I had available, immediately in pursuit. I think it was their intention to make a descent upon our wagon train parked near by, but that they found a stronger force than they expected at hand.

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

CEDAR CREEK, VA., November 1, 1864.

Brevet Major-General KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

Please extend my thanks to the officers and men at Beverly for their brilliant victory of the 29th of October. A few more such will rid that country of these villains.

GEORGE CROOK,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., November 1, 1864-9.30 a.m. [Received 7 p.m.]

Major General LEW. WALLACE,

Baltimore, Md.:

I cannot send you the five regiments which General Halleck says you ask for. Do the best you can without them.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

