SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT.,8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 274. Baltimore, Md., November 1, 1864.

1. The One hundred and ninety-third Pennsylvania Militia, Colonel J. B. Clark commanding, will be put en route without delay, to report to the commanding officer at Pittsburg, Pa., there to be mustered out and paid off at the expiration of their service, in accordance with the mustering regulations of the Army. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood is charged with the execution of this order.

2. Companies B, C, and H, Fifth Regiment Massachusetts Militia, are hereby relieved from further duty in the First Separate Brigade, and will be reported without delay to Brevet Brigadier-General Morris, commanding Second Separate Brigade, for concentration preparatory to their being put en route for the place of muster out of said regiment. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier General E. B. Tyler is charged with the execution of this order.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Wallace:

OLIVER MATTHEWS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., November 1, 1864. [Received 6.30 p.m.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The commander of steamer Michigan has telegraphed the mayor of Erie to be on the alert for rebels from Canada. I have ordered General Rowley there with a section of artillery, and to take arms to arm the citizens.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., November 1, 1864. [Received 8.50 p.m.]

General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I intend leaving Harrisburg at midnight for Erie with arms and ammunition. I have nothing more than the rumor from captain of steamer Michigan. In my opinion not less than three strong regiments of infantry should be in readiness to send into this State. I cannot think that there will be any serious trouble; am not certain.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 65. Chambersburg, Pa., November 1, 1864.

I. That the interests of the Government and the welfare of the department may be maintained, it is ordered that all refugees, deserters from the rebel lines, and citizens of States in rebellion, who are now within this department, or may enter it before the 8th day of November instant, shall report to the nearest district or town provost-marshall,

