
that they may be registered, their residence and description recorded, and to receive proper certificates and passes. Persons belonging to any of the classes hereinbefore mentioned found within the limits of this department, on or after the date named, without authority, or who by pillaging, counseling outbreak, destruction of life or property, or in any manner acting as enemies of the Government, will be regarded as spies, and subjected to summary punishment.

II. In view of the approaching election, deserters from the army and the draft may return to their homes, and every effort must be made to arrest and hold them to the service they owe their Government.

III. Military commanders, district provost-marshals, their deputies and assistants, within this department, will be held responsible for the faithful execution of this order, and will adopt such measure as will best secure the desired object.

IV. All law-abiding citizens are earnestly requested to act in junction with the proper authorities, and to aid them, if necessary, in the instructions herein set forth.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 260. Chambersburg, Pa., November 1, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

2. Captain T. H. Bates, Company A, First Regiment New York Artillery, will proceed without delay, with one section of his battery, from Chambersburg to Pittsburg, and report to Brigadier General T. A. Rowley, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Monongahela District, for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation by railroad.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MONONGAHELA DISTRICT, November 1, 1864.

Commander of steamer Michigan telegraphed mayor of Erie, "Be on the alert for rebels or devils from Canada." Another company of infantry is necessary here in case of trouble.

THOS. A. ROWLEY,

Brigadier-General.

PITTSBURG, November 1, 1864.

Major-General COUCH,

Chambersburg, Pa.:

The following dispatch just received from mayor of Erie. "We do not need artillery. We want muskets, ammunition, and solid shot for 6-pounders." Will I send the artillery?

THOS. A. ROWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

