
dependent for the support of themselves and families upon the proceeds to be derived from the sale of these rafts. The fear of losing them will cause the disaffected citizens to lay down their arms and disavow and discontinue connection with the deserters. Fifth, it is of the utmost importance to the preservation of peace and supremacy of the laws that such organizations be crushed instantaneously and with no merciful hand. I therefore respectfully request that application be made to have troops sent to me at once.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD I. DODGE,

Major Twelfth U. S. Infantry, Actq. Asst. Prov. Mar. General

P. S.-I inclose two telegrams [copies], received this afternoon, bearing on this subject. Thus is the second agent killed in Clearfield County within a week.

RICHARD I. DODGE,

Major Twelfth U. S. Infantry, Actg. Asst. Prov. Mar. General

[First indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 3, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Second indorsement.]

No troops to spare for this purpose now. Let them go till after the election.

H. W. H.,

Major-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, Chambersburg, Pa., October 31, 1864.

Captain R. I. DODGE, U. S. Army,Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Harrisburg, Pa.:

CAPTAIN: Your three communications of the 29th instant in reference to matters in Clearfield, Snyder County,&amp;c., are received. I fully agree with you as to the necessity of immediately sending troops into those two counties, but I have not a man to place at your disposal, excepting artillery. You can have one or, if necessary, two sections of that. The companies at York and Carlisle, you are aware, were assigned by directions of the War Department. It is not deemed advisable to order any troops from Philadelphia at this time; indeed, there are none to spare, nor are there any that could be taken away from Pittsburg, unless it be from Camp Reynolds. I have asked General Halleck to send me some dismounted cavalry for the very purpose you wish troops, but have had no reply. There is one company of infantry now at Bloody Run that perhaps can assist you after the election. The cavalry you mention as intending to order from Columbia County I consider are there by superior orders. I was asked what were my reasons for ordering them away, and replied that they could probably return. This was after Sheridan's last victory. It is hoped that after election that something will be done for the necessities of this department.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

