
Major-General Torbert ordered Cole's cavalry to pursue. I think they are good men. Should like to have them specially inspected by his inspected by his inspector, with a view to have them remounted. He will certainly find a marked change for the better. These men, remounted and armed with Spencer carbines [familiar with every path in this country], could effectually dispose of Mosby's command. It is an experiment that I think it will pay to try. Major-General Halleck will have the regiment remounted, if you shall order it. I think the inspector's report will induce you to do so. I have not heard from you in regard to the Winchester command. Am I to consider that garrison a part of my command? I receive no reports from there, and officially hear nothing from the commanding officer. I suppose, in the pressure of more important matters, it has escaped your attention.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., November 2, 1864-10 a.m. [Received 5.40 p.m.]

General J. D. STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry:

I will at once send a brigade of cavalry to Summit Point, and to cover the working party out on the road from Halltown. Please inform the engineer in charge.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WHEELING, November 2, 1864. [Received 4.25 p.m.]

General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I assumed command of this post yesterday, in pursuance of Special Orders, No. 372, Adjutant-General's Office, dated War Department, Washington, D. C., October 29, 1864. To-day Colonel James Washburn, One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteers, reports, by order Major-General Crook, to relieve Captain Ewald Over in his duties as post commander at this place. I respectfully request that I be relieved as military commander at Wheeling and Colonel Washburn appointed in my stead.

JNO. ELY,

Colonel Twenty-first Infantry, Veteran Reserve Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT.,8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 107. Baltimore, Md., November 2, 1864.

Pursuant to instructions from the War Department, leaves of absence and furloughs to such officers and men as desire to vote at the coming election will be granted as hereinafter specified. All paroled officers and men in Camp Parole, Annapolis, until 14th of November, 1864. Commanding officer District of Annapolis is charged with the prompt execution of the above. To all soldiers incapacitate for duty in the field, but able to travel, and who are in hospitals in this department

