
from the States of Michigan, Wisconsin, Maryland, Connecticut, New Hampshire, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Maine, Indiana, Delaware, West Virginia, New York, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Vermont, and New Jersey, until the time heretofore designated in instructions from these headquarters as regards to those from each State. To all officers in hospitals in this department who are unfit for duty in the field, and are able to travel to their respective homes, until the 14th of November, 1864. The medical director of the department will look to the immediate execution of the above. The furloughs and leaves will be issued direct by those to whom the officers and soldiers report, and will be signed as by special authority from Major-General Wallace. The number of furloughs and extension of furloughs, as well as of all leaves of absence granted under the above order, will be reported, classed by States, to these headquarters. The quartermaster's department will furnish free transportation to their homes and return, to the place from whence furloughed, to all soldiers to whom furloughs, or extension of the same, have been granted, to permit of their exercising the elective franchise at the coming election.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, November 2, 1864.

Major General GEORGE CADWALADER,

Commanding District of Philadelphia:

SIR: On the 30th instant Major-General Couch was furnished by this office with a copy of General Orders, No. 80, headquarters Department of the East, dated October 23, 1864, directing all persons from the insurgent States to be registered before the approaching Presidential election, and other requirements with respect to persons coming into the United States from Canada, with directions from the Secretary of War directs that if you have not received an order from the headquarters Department of the Susquehanna to the above effect, you immediately issue one [by his order], and advise this Department of your action in the case. A second copy of the order in question is herewith inclosed.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 2, 1864.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

General Grant has been urged to send you an adequate force, not less than 4,000 or 5,000. He has send you 1,250 regulars, and General Butler has been directed to report to you for temporary duty, and to be

