
seriously threatened at some points in New York. The troops were withdrawn from General Butler's army, and, in the judgment of the Department, it was deemed proper that they should go forward under his immediate command, reporting to you and subject to your orders as senior officer and commander of the department. This, it was believed, would coincide with your own wishes, and that you would neither desire to take his forces from General Butler, or place him upon an inferior and unimportant duty that could be performed by a good colonel or brigadier. Supposing the harbor and city of New York to be the most important points to be guarded in case of trouble, it was deemed due to General Butler that they should be placed in his charge, rather than under any general junior to him in rank, and in whom the Department might not feel the same confidence. If there is no occasion for General Butler's force in the city of New York, it had better be on the James, for the Department certainly would not withdraw troops from before Richmond to perform picket or guard duty on the Canadian frontier. If, therefore, you do not need General Butler and his forces in New York City, or if jealousies are likely to arise, please let me know, so that the troops coming forward may be countermanded, and General Butler and his forces sent back, or other order made that will secure unity and harmony of action. If some officer is needed on the frontier, why not send General Peck? It does not seem to me to be treating General Butler properly to send him on such duty.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FIFTH AVENUE HOTEL, NEW YORK, November 3, 1864. [Received 4.40 p.m.]

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have reported to General Dix. He proposes to put me in a district composed of the Northern District of New York and Vermont. I think I shall be of more use on the James. To carry out your ideas, the district should be the State of New York. General Dix will have all of New England and New Jersey left. He has issued an order that no military officer is to act on the 8th unless called upon by the civil authorities. Please settle it. No troops have arrived yet. Where are they?

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 3, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

I have telegraphed to General Dix, and think the matter will be settled now without trouble. A telegram from General Grant in relation to the troops will be forwarded you. If there be any departure from the command assigned in my order, let me know immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

