
NEW YORK, November 3, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Have arrived. No troops here yet. Will you inform me when I may expect them, and what troops? I believe all will be quiet, certainly if there is a force here. Did you receive a telegram from me yesterday?

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 3, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER,

New York City:

Troops were ordered from here promptly. Thirty-one hundred infantry went from the Tenth and Eighteenth Corps, selected by the corps commanders for their reliability, and two batteries as you requested. The brigade of regulars had been previously ordered from the Army of the Potomac. Want of ocean transports has delayed the shipment of these troops, but the advance of them must reach you to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, November 3, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER,

New York:

General Grant reports that there has been some delay in forwarding troops, from lack of transportation. They are now to be sent to Fortress Monroe on river boats, to meet the ocean steamers. there. The forces have been selected by Terry and Weitzel, who have taken the best men of their corps. Several New York regiments are included, it being impracticable otherwise to fill the order.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GAINSVILLE, VA., November 4, 1864. [Received 8 p.m.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I see in newspapers of to-day a report of General Lee, wherein he states that-

Colonel Mosby reports that since the advance of the enemy on the Manassas Gap Railroad he has killed, wounded, and captured over 300, his loss being 4 wounded and 1 captured.

If this loss refers to the force occupying said railroad, nothing could be more erroneous. The entire loss along the road is less than 80,70 of these having been captured. Mosby's own loss, during the time he speaks of, has been, 4 pieces of artillery, with caissons and equipments complete, 10 men that we know of killed, and 17 wounded, and 40 captured, and over 50 horses sent in.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

