
400 to 500 strong. None yet crossed the river according to best information. Sent a courier to the mouth of the Monocacy River to communicate with the cavalry force [First Delaware] stationed at that post.

Will report when he returns.

Respectfully,

B. SPENCE,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, November 4, 1864.

Captain SPENCE,Point of Rocks:

Send to-night a scout across to Leesburg, and also another down the Potomac as far as Edwards Ferry, and let them report promptly if there is any rebel force at Leesburg or crossing the Potomac. If a force is found, ascertain its strength and who is in command.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 4, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. SEWARD,

Martinsburg, W. Va.:

It is reported that a considerable force of rebels is being collected in the vicinity of Moorefield, in Hardy County, for the purpose of attacking some of the border counties of Virginia, about the first of next week, for the purpose of interfering with the elections. The force that can be spared from this point is too small to destroy them or drive them out without assistance. Can you furnish a force to send across, by way of Wardensville, to co-operate with forces sent from here and from New Creek? The Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry is thoroughly acquainted with that country, and if it is in your command, it would be able to do good service there. Answer to-night.

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 45. Cumberland, Md., November 4, 1864.

I. Company M, Second Maryland Cavalry, Captain T. W. Kelley commanding, now on duty at New Creek, W. Va., will proceed without delay, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, to South Branch bridge, for duty at that point. The commanding officer will report, on his arrival at South Branch bridge, to Captain C. J. Harrison, Sixth West Virginia Infantry, commanding. The quartermaster's department will provide transportation.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of Brevet Major-General Kelley:

C. A. FREEMAN,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

