HEADQUARTERS, Cumberland, Md., November 4, 1864.

Captain R. P. KENNEDY,Assistant Adjutant-General:

It is reported that quite a large rebel force is being concentrated at or near Moorefield, in Hardy County. If this is reliable the enemy evidently intend an offensive movement at some point on my lines. This will be done, I think, if such is the intention of the enemy, early next week, in order to prevent the holding of the elections on the 8th instant, in the border counties of West Virginia. My line is much weakened by the absence of a portion of my command on furlough to enable them to vote. The One hundred and ninety-second Regiment Pennsylvania Infantry has also gone home, their term of service having expired. I would at once take the offensive against this party, but my cavalry force is not yet armed and equipped, nor can it be done for some days. The rebel force that has been for the last few weeks in the South Branch Valley is believed to be McNeill's, Harness', and Woodson's command, probably numbering in all about 400 men. Two other companies are said to have arrived here yesterday. This party has been engaged in the South Branch Valley and valley of the Lost River collecting cattle, sheep, and horses for Early's army. Out of the last-named valley they have been hauling flour and grain. I respectfully suggest to the general commanding that if the Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry [the old Ringgold Battalion] can be sent across to scout the country, via Wardensville, the Howard Lick, and South Branch roads, toward Moorefield, and I advised of the time of the movement, I could send a force out from New Creek and co-operate with them. I believe, by a movement of this kind, we can either capture or drive the enemy out of these valleys, and thereby prevent a large amount of forage and subsistence from going to Early's army. I have suggested the Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry because a portion of that regiment [the Ringgold Battalion] are perfectly acquainted with all the roads between Moorefield and the Shenandoah Valley. Will you please communicate with the general commanding at your earliest convenience.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT.,8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 277. Baltimore, Md., November 4, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

3. Companies A and G, Fifth Regiment Massachusetts Militia, are hereby relieved from duty in the Third Separate Brigade, and will be reported without delay to Brevet Brigadier General W. W. Morris, commanding Second Separate Brigade, for concentration with their regiment, previous to being put en route to place of muster out of said regiment.

4. All enlisted men of the Fifth Regiment Massachusetts Militia on detached duty in this department are hereby relieved from such duty, and will report without delay to their company commanders.

*			*			*			*			*

8. The Fifth Regiment Massachusetts Militia, Colonel G. H. Peirson commanding, will be put en route without delay to report to the commanding

