
POINT OF ROCKS, November 5, 1864.

LieutenantS. F. ADAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

In pursuance of an order received this day I proceeded with a detachment of this command to Leesburg and beyond, darkness preventing any sight of enemy. A small party of White's battalion are reported by Union citizens as being not far from town, while the main portion have gone to their brigade of Early's command. It is also reported that there are no other rebel forces in Loudoun besides those of Mosby's and of White's.

JAS. W. GRUBB,

Captain, Commanding Independent Loudoun [Virginia] Rangers.

FAIRMONT, W. VA., November 5, 1864.

General B. F. KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

DEAR SIR: We have north of the Northwestern Virginia Railroad no soldiers, and nothing to prevent stragglers from the rebel army from passing through to our country. Since Sheridan's victory in the Valley a large number of rebel stragglers and plunderers have come through, and are now in Marion, portions of Wetzel, Marshall, and Monongalia Counties. It is confidently believed by those who have passed through different parts of our country, and adjacent portions of the counties named, and who have opportunities of knowing, that there are from 100 to 200 of these rebel plunderers luring in the district named. A few days since they robbed a store at Worthington, seven miles from Fairmont; also a store at Littleton, and one at Burton, in Wetzel County, on the railroad. They have also taken a number of horses and other property. We have twelve or fifteen men guarding the railroad bridge near this place, and no other soldiers or means of looking after these marauders, and this small guard cannot leave their position to do so. The home guard, of some twenty-five men, at Boothsville are kept constantly employed in portions of Taylor and Harrison Counties, and can render us no assistance. Governor Boreman was here yesterday, and recommended us to ask you to send us some of your railroad men to scout and gather up some of those Southern gentlemen. Can't you send us Captain Fisher's company, or as many of them as you can, to do this service? They are well acquainted with the country, and will be more efficient than any other you can send. Unless it is understood there is some force here the Union men will be deterred from voting at Burton, and perhaps at Worthington, on Tuesday next. We hope you will comply with this request immediately. This region depends upon you for defense and protection, and hope now, as in the past, they will not look in vain.

Yours, truly,

E. B. HALL.

J. H. FRISBEE.

SYLVANUS W. HALL.

JNO. M. BOYD.

J. W. CROMWELL.

ALLISON FLEMING.

RICHD. P. LOTT.

BENJAMIN FLEMING.

