
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Cumberland, November 6, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel N. Wilkinson, commanding troops west of Piedmont, with remarks that, if deemed necessary, he will order an officer and twenty men from Captain Fisher's command, at Piedmont, to be stationed at Mannington.

By order of Brevet Major-General Kelley:

C. A. FREEMAN,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, New Creek, November 5, 1864.

Lieutenant FREEMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have information from Morefield, which seems reliable, that there are about eighty rebels at that place; others expected on Monday, when they intend a raid. I propose to attack them at daylight Monday morning with 200 men, the general concurring.

G. R. LATHAM.

CUMBERLAND, November 5, 1864.

Colonel G. R. LATHAM,

New Creek:

You will carry out your proposed expedition. I think you had better take one gun, without caissons; put eight horses to the gun; take two days' rations cooked meat, and nothing else but hard bread, sugar, coffee, and salt. Depend on the country for beef and forage. Take at least five days' rations of hard bread, &amp;c. Make it a point to arrive at and to surround Moorefield just at daylight. They are, in all probability, encamped a few miles up the South Fork, but you will capture several of them in the town, if you reach it without notice at the time indicated. Do not suffer any one to pass you on the march to carry news to the front. The details of the march and manner of attack I leave to your own judgment.

Respectfully, yours,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 5, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE R. LATHAM,

New Creek:

I will send the scout the Romney, with orders to move up the Through road. Have you made arrangements with the Swamps to occupy South Fork, above Moorefield? Direct the officer in command to inform the people of Moorefield and South Branch Valley that if they continue to harbor and feed McNeill's men that the whole will be laid waste like the Shenandoah Valley.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

