
NEW CREEK, [November 5, 1864].

Major-General KELLEY:

Your dispatches received. The Swamps will occupy the South Fork Valley. I will investigate the matter when the expedition returns.

GEO. R. LATHAM,

Colonel.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 5, 1864.

Major-General WALLACE, Baltimore, Md.:

Your applications for more troops have been submitted to Generals Grant and Sheridan, and they both reply that none can be given, and that, in their opinion, none are required. General Sheridan will see that no rebel forces enter Maryland; and General Grant says that it local troubles occur at election, local militia should be called out and armed police organized. Such posts as cannot be held with your present force should be broken up and the public property removed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NEW YORK, November 5, 1864. [Received 5.15 p.m.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Butler desires to be put in command of this State as a district, and has read to me an order he proposes to issue in that case. The State is now quiet, and can be kept so by the exhibition of force which is to be made. The general takes a position in regard to the control of the militia and General Green, which I cannot think right in law, and which raises a most important question of constitutional power, and one which it is unwise to raise a day or two before the election. I have declined to put him in command of the State as a district unless the Government approves what he proposes and desires it to be done.

JNO. A. DIX,

Major-General.

NEW YORK, November 5, 1864. [Received 5.35 p.m.]

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I omitted to say in telegram just sent that General Peck went to Syracuse with orders to arrest General Green, in case he should interfere with the U. S. officers in the execution of their duties.

JNO. A. DIX,

Major-General.

NEW YORK, November 5, 1864. [Received 4.30 p.m.]

Honorable EWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I desire to issue the following portion of an order about Brigadier General John A. Green, as commander of the district of New York. General

