
Dix objects, not on account of any difference as to jurisdiction between us, but because he thinks we have no power to touch Green, and desires me to ask you. Will you sanction it?

There can be no military organization in any State known to the laws save the militia and armies of the United States. The President is the constitutional commander-in-chief of the militia and Army of the United States; therefore, where, in any portion of the United States, an officer of superior rank is detailed to command, all other military officers in that district must report to and be subordinate to him; therefore, all persons exercising any military authority in this district will at once report to these headquarters for orders. A military order purporting to be issued by Brigadier General John A. Green is countermanded and revoked, and Brigadier-General Green, if exercising any military command, will forthwith report to these headquarters, and any attempt to exercise military authority, without so reporting, will be summarily punished as willful disobedience of orders.

I will wait for answer at the telegraph office. Troops are beginning to arrive.

BENJ. F. BUTTLER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, November 5, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

New York:

Your telegram has been submitted to the consideration of the President, and all action upon the subject-matter will be suspended until his instructions are received.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, New York City, November 5, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER:

GENERAL: The Eighth U. S. Infantry has arrived, and the other regiments are expected every hour. This regiment and the Fourteenth have about 480 men, just the force needed at Buffalo immediately. Please order them there, unless you think some other regiment will be preferable. General Van Vliet has transportation ready. Major-General Peck left for Buffalo this morning. Please direct the regiment to report to him.

Respectfully, yours,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 1. City of New York, November 5, 1864.

In obedience to the orders of the President, and by the assignment of Major-General Dix, commanding Department of the East, Major-General Butler assumes command of the troops arriving, and about to arrive, detailed for duty in the State of New York to meet existing emergencies.

To correct misapprehension; to sooth the fears of the weak and timid; to allay the nervousness of the ill advised; to silence all false rumors circulated by bad men for wicked purposes, and to contradict, once

