
and for all, false statements adapted to injure the Government in the respect and confidence of the people, the commanding general takes occasion to declare that troops have been detailed for duty in this district sufficient to preserve the peace of the United States; to protect public property; to prevent and punish incursions into our borders, and insure calm and quiet.

If it were not within the information of the Government that raids, like in quality and object to that made at Saint Albans, were in contemplation, there would have been no necessity for precautionary preparations.

The commanding general has been pained to see publications, by some not too well informed persons, that the presence of the troops of the United States might, by possibility, have an effect upon the free exercise of the duty of voting at the ensuing election. Nothing could be further from the truth. The soldiers of the United States are specially to see to it that there is no interference with the election of anybody, unless the civil authorities are overcome with force by bad men. The armies of the United States are "ministers of good, and not of evil;" they are safeguards of constitutional liberty, which is freedom to do right, not wrong. They can be a terror to evildoers only, and those who fear them are accused by their own consciences. Let every citizen having a right to vote do according to the inspiration of his own judgment, freely. He will be protected in that right by the whole power of the Government, if it shall become necessary.

At the polls it is not possible exactly to separate the illegal from the legal vote, "the tares from the wheat," but it is possible to detect and punish the fraudulent voter after the election is over. Fraudulent voting in pre-election of U. S. officers is an offense against the peace and dignity of the United States. Every man knows whether he is a duly qualified voter, and he who votes, not being qualified, does a grievous wrong against light and knowledge. Specially is fraudulent voting a deadly sin and heinous crime, deserving condign punishment in those who, having rebelliously seceded from and repudiated their allegiance to this Government, when at their homes in the South, now, having fled here for asylum, abuse the hospitality of the State and clemency of the Government by interfering in the election of our rulers. It will not be well for them to do so. Such men pile rebellion upon treason, breach of faith upon perjury, and forfeit the amnesty accorded them.

There can be no military organization in any State known to the laws save the militia and armies of the United States.

By command of Major General Benjamin F. Butler:

A. F. PUFFER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT STATE OF NEW YORK, No. --. New York City, November 5, 1864.

* * * * * * *

IV. Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby appointed chief of staff, and will at once report for duty as such at these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Butler:

A. F. PUFFER,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

