
amount of yelling and noisy demonstration at your success. I notice particularly the prominent fact that you in person turned the tide in the recent battle of Cedar Creek. You have youth and vigor, and this single event has given you a hold upon an army that gives you a future better than older men can hope for. I am satisfied, and have been all the time, that the problem of this war consists in the awful fact that the present class of men who rule the South must be killed outright rather than in the conquest of territory, so that hard, bull-dog fighting, and a great deal of it, yet remains to be done, and it matters little whether it be done close to the borders, where you are, or farther in the interior, where I happen to be; therefore, I shall expect you on any and all occasions to make bloody results. I beg to assure you of my warm personal attachment and respect.

I am, with respect, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CEDAR CREEK, VA., November 6, 1864 - 2 p. m.

(Received 11.35 a. m. 9th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

From all the information that the cavalry can obtain Rosser cannot be at Leesburg. Brigadier-General Powell, who is at Front Royal, has scouting parties out nearly every day beyond Manassas Gap, and if the enemy's cavalry have been moved down to Leesburg he would have known it.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., November 6, 1864.

Major LUDLAM,

Commanding at Muddy Branch:

MAJOR: It is reported that Rossere is at Leesburg with one brigade of cavalry. Be on the alert. Send at once and ascertain the truth or falsity of the rumor.

Respectfully,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MUDDY BRANCH, November 6, 1864.

(Received 12.30 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

There has been a party of five or six rebels within two or three miles of my camp for three days; and although they feed at houses I can get no information from the citizens. I have a party constantly looking after them.

Very respectfully,

J. D. LUDLAM,

Major, Commanding Post.

