
under a good officer, up the Back road. You will direct the commanding officer to push out well and obtain all the information possible, and, above all, let him use every endeavor to capture some of the enemy's pickets instead of running them off. Direct the commanding officer to return to-morrow before late in the evening.

By command of Brevet Major-General Custer:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., November 6, 1864.

Major-General CROOK,

Strasburg, Va.:

It is reported, with apparent certainty, that a force of rebel guerrillas is being collected near Moorefield, in Hardy County, under McNeill, Harness &amp; Co., for the purpose of interfering with the elections along the border counties of Virginia, and committing such depredations as are possible. A force starts from New Creek to-day that is to strike at Moorefield to-morrow, November 7, at daylight, and one will move from here through Romney, striking between Moorefield and Wardensburg into the Lost River Valley, you may be able to intercept some of them, as they will no doubt go out that way.

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General SEWARD,

Harper's Ferry:

I send a dispatch to General Crook.* Please see that it is forwarded. A force starts from New Creek that will strike Moorefield to-morrow morning at daylight. If you can send out any force to assist please do so.

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland, Md., November 6, 1864.

Colonel J. E. WYNKOOP:

The general commanding directs that you send out to-morrow morning a detachment of fifty men from your command, in charge of a reliable officer, to proceed, via Wiley's Ford, Frankfort, and Springfield, to Romney, W. Va., returning via Mechanicsburg Gap to Burlington, and thence down Patterson's Creek. The detachment will take two days' rations; and if found necessary to take forage for the animals thereof. A strong scout has been sent from New Creek, W. Va.,

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

