
NEW YORK, Novembere 6, 1864.

(Received 2.10 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

General Dix puts me in command of the troops arriving and to arrive, and no territorial command whatever. Undere this I am entirely powerless for good. He says he will put me in command of this State as district when the question about General John A. Green's movement is decided. Unless something is done effectively gold will be at 300 on the day of election.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT STATE OF NEW YORK,New York City, November 6, 1864.

Lieutenant JOHN I. DAVENPORT,

Aide-de-Camp, &amp; c., Fortress Monroe:

Major-General Butler directs that you report here in person immediately.

EDWARD W. SERRELL,

Colonel of Engineers, Acting Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT STATE OF NEW YORK, No. --. New York, November 6, 1864.

The Twelfth U. S. Infantry will at once proceed to Elmira, in the State of New York, and report for duty to the commanding officer of that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

The headquarters guard, now under command of Lieutenant Mitchell, Company I, Third Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, will take post at the Battery Barracks until further orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

Colonel Rockwell, Sixth Connecticut Volunteer Infantry, commanding the troops on the U. S. transport General Lyon, will disembark his command at Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor, and await further orders.

The Second U. S. Infantry will at once proceed to Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor, and report for duty to the commanding officer.

The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

Lieutenant-Colonel Raulston, with the Eighty-first and One hundred and forty-eight New York Volunteer Infantry, will at once proceed to Watervliet Arsenal. Lieutenant-Colonel Raulston will assume command of the U. S. forces at Watervliet Arsenal. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

Brigadier-General Hawley will at once land the troops under his command at Fort Richmond, New York Harbor, for the purpose of refitting and inspection. He will there await orders.

By command of Major-General Butler:

EWD. W. SERRELL,Colonel of Engineers, Acting Chief of Staff.

Colonel Charles W. Darling is hereby appointed additional volunteer aide-de-camp and assigned to temporary duty at these headquarters.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

A. F. PUFFER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

