
BALTIMORE, September 8, 1864.

Major-General KELLEY:

We have received the following dispatch from General Stevenson:

HARPER'S FERRY, September 7, 1864 - 9.20 p. m.

I will be responsible for the safety of construction trains and working party. I think the safety of the road in present condition of affairs beyond danger.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

You are doubtless fully advised of the position of our forces and of the enemy. Do you fell that it is safe and proper to commence reopening from the west? If there is reliable protection it is most important to reopen the line, but of the work can only be partially executed under risk of capture it is injurious to commence. Can you arrange with General Sheridan for full and reliable protection? We are prepared to work rapidly and effectively as soon as you advise action.

J. W. GARRET.

MARTINSBURG, September 8, 1864.

General KELLEY:

General Averell evacuated with his main force his position at Bunker Hill last night, in consequence of the enemy massing on his front in strong infantry and some cavalry force. Captain Jack Adams, rebel, seems to have gone over your way with about 500 men. Indications were that Early has sent a heavy force down toward Bunker Hill, and that this force would be likely to attack at Bunker Hill to-day, and hence Averell falling back so as to be beyond cross-roads. Averell was this a. m. six miles from Martinsburg on and to the right and left of the Winchester pike. Torbert, with a portion of cavalry, attempted a flank movement on the enemy yesterday toward Stevenson's Depot. Torbert made demonstration at all the fords on the Opequon; but I can't learn that he crossed it. Sheridan sent word to Averell by an aide-de-camp that he would take the hair off any man's head who ran train to martinsburg without his orders to do so. Sheridan seen no reason why Averell can't be supplied from Hagerstown. The truth is Averell has not sufficient train. A portion of Lowell's brigade was at Smithfield last night, when we were at Bunker Hill, and the Union line of pickets and vedettes extends from the Blue Ridge to the North Mountain. Keep a sharp lookout for rebel Jack Adams. He was at Mills Gap day before yesterday. Sheridan was near Berryville yesterday, also at and near Summit Point.

T. C. WILSON.

CUMBERLAND, September 8, 1864.

Captain CHARLES J. HARRISON,

South Branch:

The rebel Captain Jack Adams, with 500 men, is reported coming west from Winchester this a. m. Be on the lookout for him.

By order:

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

