
will not leave their companies or regiments, for any purpose whatever, without the consent of the regimental commander, nor will they go out of call or hearing, or enter houses, or hotels without the written consent of the brigade commander. Immediate attention will be paid to the cleanliness of the men and their arms and equipments and the condition of the ammunition; and soon as possible strict company and regimental inspections will be made. Field returns will be made as early as possible every morning, carefully distinguishing the effective and non-effective force and giving the aggregate present.

Officers! As you love liberty and your country, show now the highest qualities of patriotic, orderly, firm, obedient, and brave soldiers.

By command of Brigadier General Joseph R. Hawley:

CHAS. H. GRAVES,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BUFFALO, N. Y., November 6, 1864.

(Received 12.10 p. m.)

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

I think some troops should be sent here; there are enough at Elmira; they can be got here by to-morrow noon. Can you not order four or five companies to report here? I think a raid from Canada may be expected. I have reliable information that the advance guard of a force are at Fort Erie and Suspension Bridge. The men I have consulted here are thee best men in Buffalo. I respectfully urge prompt measures. I shall take possession of the office to-day.

JOHN A. HADDOCK,

Major, &amp; c.

(Copy sent to General Dix and General Diven by General Fry, for their information.)

NEW YORK, November 6, 1864.

(Received 6.15 p. m.)

General JAMES B. FRY:

Your dispatch received. A force of 480 men was ordered to Buffalo yesterday.

JNO. A. DIX,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 277. Washington, November 7, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. Brevet Major-General Emory is appointed to the command of the Nineteenth Army Corps, headquarters with the army of General Sheridan, in the field. All detachments of organizations of this corps serving with General Emory, left in the Department of the Gulf, will be sent to the headquarters of the corps, via Washington.

