
MANASSAS, November 7, 1864.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Lieutenant-ColoneL TAYLOR:

COLONEL: My headquarters are now here. I left Colonel Gallupe at Gainesville; the seven companies of the Two hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers at a point two miles from here. Five of the seven companies of the Two hundred and first are here. It is thought that the road will be taken up to this point by Thursday evening.

J. P. SLOUGH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS-MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 7, 1864.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: It may be possible that your corps will have to move early in the morning. Have everything hitched up at daylight and your command under arms at the same hour, to remain on the alert until 8 a. m.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major-General Crook.)
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 7, 1864 - 12 p. m.

Brevet Major-General CUSTER,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry directs that you send Colonel Pennington's brigade to-morrow a. m. at daylight, with three days' rations and what forage they have, back on the Winchester pike as far as the crossing of the Opequon. Direct him to take with him one section of artillery; also to inform the commanding officers at Winchester and Newtown where he will stop, and request of them, if they hear of any movements of the enemy, to notify him (Colonel Pennington) of them. He must keep in communication with both of these commanding officers, or they with him. He must keep his brigade ready to move at a moment's notice. He must also keep these headquarters advised of any information he may obtain and of all movements of his own. This movement is based upon information, deemed reliable, that some movement of the enemy's cavalry is taking place on the west side of North Mountain. It is expected they may attempt to come in at Newtown, Winchester, or above there. If so, it must be prevented. Mosby is also reported this evening at Berryville, in considerable force; said to be from 500 to 700 The utmost vigilance must be observed. General Powell's division is now on the east side of the Blue Ridge. He goes as far as Rectortown, and is expected to return, via Ashby's Gap and Cedarville, day after to-morrow, the 9th.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp; c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

