HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Commanding Military District of Harper's Ferry:

In case the railroad to Winchester is interfered with by guerrillas I want you to arrest all male secessionists in Charlestown, Shepherdstown, Smithfield, and Berryville, and in the adjacent country, sending them to Fort McHenry, Md. You will also burn all grain, destroy all subsistence, and drive of all stock, belonging to such individuals, and turn it over to the Treasury agent.

This order must be obeyed by you.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, November 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

I sent Tibbits' regiment forward this morning.

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Martinsburg, W. Va., November 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Commanding Military District of Harper's Ferry:

GENERAL: The Twelfth Maryland Infantry were sent to Baltimore to-day to be mustered out, their time having expired. I have replaced them by 242 of the One hundred and ninety-first Pennsylvania and 100 of Cole's cavalry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Murray, of the Fifteenth Maine Regiment. They are stationed as follows: Opequon bridge, 80 men and 3 officers: Van Clevesville, 40 men and 1 officer; Kearneysville, 97 men and 3 officers; between Kearneysville and Brown's Crossing, on picket, 46 men and 1 officer; Brown's Crossing, 80 men and 2 officers. I have brought the 70 men of the Thirteenth Maine from Opequon to Martinsburg. This makes me about 450 infantry for duty here, which seems a small number when it is taken into consideration that I have large amounts of quartermaster's and commissary stores, 1,500 cattle, and 1,000 horses and mules.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Winchester, Va., November 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel KINGSBURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: A reliable loyal citizen from Cacapon River, who has ridden for his life, reports Imboden and Fitzhugh Lee at Wardensville, on Cacapon River, last night. They had over 5,000 men, and were coming this way either to attack this place or to make a raid on the railroad. Imboden was to make a sweep of all cattle while Ewell attacked. Mosby was at

