
Berryville this morning at daylight, with, as is represented, near 700 men, a regiment of Virginia cavalry having joined him. A scout of Early's told a citizen living seven miles from here that Early would attack General Sheridan to-night or to-morrow morning. The scout from Wardensville reports Ewell to have relieved Early and that Early has gone to Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. EDWARDS,

Commanding Post.

(Same to General Seward.)
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Winchester, Va., November 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that G. H. Soule, Company G, Fifth Michigan Cavalry, this day entered our lines from the direction of Berryville, and reported as follows: He was taken prisoner by soldiers of Mosby's command on the macadamized road near Newtown, and by them taken to a camp on the Winchester and Berryville turnpike. There he was placed with a squad of Federal prisoners numbering about twenty-two, and with them compelled to draw lots for the purpose of determining upon a certain number who should be hung. Of the twenty-three prisoners, seven were to be executed in retaliation for a like number of Mosby's command who were hung by General Custer. Of the seven upon whom the lot fell, three were hung, two shot, and two escaped. The wounded men, one of whom escaped alive by feigning death, are being cared for by Union families in the vicinity of the camp. The men who escaped have reported at this post. The accompanying note was found by a citizen, who cut down and buried the bodies, pinned to the clothing of one of the men who were hanged. Captain Brewster, commissary of subsistence of General Custer's command, was among the parties captured. The name of one of the men hanged was ascertained to be George L. Prouty. He was a member of Company L, Fifty Michigan Cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

These men have been hung in retaliation for an equal number of Colonel Mosby's men hung by order of General Custer, at Front Royal. Measure for measure.
HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, November 7, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. LOCKWOOD,

Commanding Third Separate Brigade:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that during the election to be held to-morrow in this city, he desires to avoid the slightest demonstration that might be construed to be a mili-

