
tary interference on the part of the troops. Armed men must not appear at the polls, except to quell a disturbance for which the police are insufficient, and then the mayor must first apply for assistance. Brevet Brigadier-General Morris, commanding Second Separate Brigade, has been instructed to hold such troops as he may be able to spare, subject to your orders, in case you should require their services. In such other cases as may arise you will act according to your judgment, recollecting that the general's intentions are to protect loyal men in their rights. You will please see that all guards and details in this city, as well as any other troops you may have, are provided with forty rounds of ammunition, and that they are well held in hand ready for service. It was noticed that during the last election held in this city that a great many officers and men were absent from their commands, particularly during the evening. You will please issue the necessary instructions to prevent a repetition of this evil. Every man and officer is considered as on duty to-morrow and must be at their respective posts. All Maryland troops stationed in this city who are entitled to vote should be marched to the polls in a body. Major J. R. Keene, commanding Camp Bradford, has also been instructed to hold his command in readiness to move, subject to your orders, during the election to be held to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, No. 87. New York City, November 7, 1864.

All staff and company officers now in this city unassigned to duty will report immediately to Major-General Butterfield, at these headquarters, for temporary duty.

By command of Major-General Dix:

M. T. MCMAHON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 7, 1864 - 1 p. m.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

New York:

The order of General Dix placing you in command of the troops seems to me to be sufficient for the emergency. Is there any particular advantage to be derived from assigning your command to any geographical district? The details of the command and the proper field of your operations can better be determined on the spot by the commanding general, and I have no doubt that General Dix will arrange them in accordance with your wishes and the best interests of the service.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Copy to General Dix.)

