SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT STATE OF NEW YORK, No. --. New York City, November 7, 1864.

The Twelfth U. S. Regular Infantry, now stationed at Elmira, will at once proceed to Buffalo, in the State of New York, and report for duty to the commanding officer at that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By command of Major-General Butler:

EDWARD W. SERRELL,Colonel of Engineers and Acting Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. PROVISIONAL DIVISION, ARMY OF THE JAMES,

Fort Richmond, November 7, 1864 - 12.15 a. m.

Colonel SERRELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp; c.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the last of the infantry of my command that have arrived are just coming ashore here. The first of the artillery transports, the Francis, I sent to the wharf of Fort Hamilton; the others cannot go there; they draw too much water. Two of them, the John Rice and Montauk, I have sent to Atlantic Dock, there to land their men and horses and march down. The Patapsco and America must go there also; they have not yet come. The Thorn, bringing the One hundred and forty-eighth New York and 200 of the Ninth Vermont, has not arrived. The major-general will remember that he ordered the Eighty-first and One hundred and forty-eighth New York to Watervliet. In case the One hundred and forty-eighth does not arrive in season, shall I feel at liberty to send the Ninety-eighth New York (Major Rogers; strength equal to the Eighty-first and One hundred and forty-eighth combined) to that place? The major-general may remember that at first he thought of sending Major Rogerrs. I drew three day's rations this afternoon, and the commissary, Captain Moore, promised to send them down immediately. He has sent one day's rations for my command, saying that he was short of help. That is not the way to do business, I respectfully submit. I can get at this post enough to send the troops up the river with three days' rations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,New York City, November 7, 1864 - 2.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General HAWLEY,

Commanding, at Fort Richmond:

Major-General Butler directs that you send at least 300 men to

Watervliet Arsenal at once, if you have not already done so. The commanding officer at Fort Hamilton will send this message to General Hawley: General Hawley will report by telegraph what troops have been sent and where.

EDW. W. SERRELL,

Colonel of Engineers, & c.

