SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 209. Chambersburg, Pa., September 8, 1864.

1. The Two hundred and second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Charles Albricht commanding, will proceed without delay by railroad assistant adjutant-general for forces. The headquarter's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

2. The Two hundred and second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Charles Albricht commanding, will march from Chambersburg on the Loudon turnpike to near Back Creek, and encamped on such ground as may be designated by Major John b. Burt, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. D. SCHULTZE,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 9, 1864 - 11.30 a. m.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Charlestown, Va.:

It is now satisfactorily ascertained tat no force has returned here from the Valley except a brigade of Field's and one of Pickett's. It is doubtful whether the brigade from Pickett's division ever reached the Valley, as it was absent from here but a few days. I would not have you make an attack with the advantage against you, but would prefer just the course you seem to be pursuing - that is, pressing closely upon the enemy, and when he moves, follow him up, being ready at all times to pounce upon him if he detaches any considerable force. We are strengthening our position here so that a small force can hold the present line, and leave the greater part of the army to act on a given point when I choose. I fell able now for offensive movements, but as re-enforcements may expected daily, I prefer to wait a short time to make every blow struck more effective. Are you re-enforced to any considerable extent?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEAR BERRYVILLE, VA., September 9, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

(Received 8.30 a. m. 10th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing important to report to-day. My cavalry drove the pickets of Breckinridge's corps from Opequon Creek, burned 4 flouring mills, and captured 2 officers and 8 men of Breckinridge's command. the Potomac rose beyond fording last night, and I transferred to east side of Opequon Creek Averell's train and a portion of his cavalry, still holding Martinsburg pike, near Bunker Hill, and across to Gerrardstown.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

