
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. PROV. FORCE, ARMY OF THE JAMES,

November 7, 1864.

The troops of this command will hold themselves ready to embark at a moment's notice, in light marching order, with two days' rations (not counting to-day), sixty rounds per man, and canteens all filled. The vessels, forces, and stations are as follows:

On the Westfield, double-decked ferry-boat: Brigadier-General Hawley and staff will be on this, or on a tug near by. Captain L. L. Langdon, Battery M, First U. S. Artillery, with four light 12-pounders. Infantry support - Eleventh Maine, Lieutenant Maxfield commanding, 179 for duty, 197 present, 7 officers; also One hundred and twelfth New York and Thirteenth Indiana, Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Smith commanding, 481 for duty, 516 present, 16 officers; Third New Hampshire, Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Randlett, 156 for duty, 183 present, 8 officers; total, 637 for duty, 699 present, 24 officers. Station, North River, opposite Forty-second street.

2. Transport John Romer: Sixth Connecticut, Colonel Rockwell, 200 for duty, 225 present, 10 officers; Ninth Vermont, Lieutenant-Colonel Barney, 410 for duty, 416 present, 16 officers; total 610 for duty, 641 present, 26 officers. Station, North River, foot of West Twenty-fourth street.

3. Peconic, single-decked ferry boat: Four light 12-pounders. Infantry support - Eighty-first New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Raulston, 138 for duty, 172 present, 5 officers; One hundred and forty-eighth New York, Captain H. R. Gardner, 130 for duty, 140 present; total, 268 for duty, 312 present, 5 officers. Station, off the Battery.

4. Transport: Seventh New Hampshire, Colonel J. C. Abbott, 386 for duty, 399 present, 15 officers; Seventh Connecticut, Captain S. S. Atwell, 162 for duty, 195 present, 5 officers; total, 548 for duty, 594 present, 20 officers. Station, off Catherine Street Ferry.

5. George Law, single-decked ferry-boat: Four guns. Infantry support - Tenth Connecticut, Lieutenant-Colonel Greeley, 198 for duty, 242 present, 5 officers. Station, off Grand-street Ferry, East River.

The vessels will take their positions by daylight, if possible, but not much before. The artillery boats will stop at the dock where they landed their forage long enough to take on a supply. The quartermaster's department has been ordered to furnish water-casks for those boats. In case water is needed, it can be obtained from a hydrant at almost any pier, but it must be got before sunrise or after sunset. The requisitions of commanding officers of boats will be honored. For rations apply to Captain F. H. Moore, No. 2 Ridge street, and said rations will be delivered cooked, if desired, by Government baker of the Battery Barracks. Do not leave your posts to-morrow or to-morrow evening or night, however, without distinct orders. In the most positive terms, it is forbidden to permit any officer or man to go on shore, unless he be sent on imperatively necessary military business. Each vessel will hold a practically independent command, and each commanding officer must use his utmost discretion. Major-General Butler commands, and probably orders will come directly from him. Be quiet and silent; interfere with nothing without orders. If ordered to march in the city, keep closed up and pay no attention to mere words. If ordered to suppress a riot, do it; fire no blank cartridges while the enemies of law and order are within range. The infantry supports will, on no account, leave the guns for a moment. Quit yourselves like faithful, steady, brave, invincible soldiers of the Republic.

By order of Brigadier-General Hawley:

C. H. GRAVES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

