
and 50 men of his battery relieved Smith's cavalry by taking the cavalry horses; 100 men of Captain Collins' (Ninety-first New York) detachment, under Captain Hobbs; Captain Keene, Eleventh Regiment [Maryland] Infantry, 39 men, from Relay and Monrovia, and Lieutenant Armstrong, Third Potomac Home Brigade, block-house detail, eleven men, making in all 150 men; relieved 233 men and 14 officers of First Delaware Cavalry, mounting the cavalry horses. These detachments of infantry and artillery were instructed to keep up a line of pickets and patrols along the whole line occupied by the cavalry, with positive instructions to exercise the utmost vigilance and caution and be constantly on the alert, and, unless attacked by largely superior force, will, I think, maintain their position. They are required to forward frequent reports to these headquarters.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp; c.
HEADQUARTERS,November 8, 1864.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding, & c.:

GENERAL: Your note of suggestions as to the state of things at Jersey has been received. I could not reply to it last night, as my troops could not then be reported in position. I have a large force lying off the Battery on the Jersey side, ready to run into any slip. I have ordered an intelligent officer to be stationed at Jersey City, in plain clothes, to report anything which may happen on that side. We shall be all ready to move. I have stationed a revenue cutter to guard the telegraph cable from the foot of Thirteenth street.

Respectfully,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

NEW YORK, November 8, 1864 - 10.10 p. m.

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent of Police:

A large and excited crowd is collected at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, indulging in threats, & c. Please send a heavy force of police to the neighborhood.

A. F. PUFFER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,City of New York, November 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General HAWLEY,

Commanding Troops around New York:

GENERAL: It is desirable that you keep your transports containing New York troops on the Jersey side of the river, but opposite the slips designated. I believe no disposition was made of the armed steamer Augusta. General Butler desires that she should lie off Jersey City at the terminus of the railroad. Some disturbance is feared in Jersey City.

