
Three tugs will be placed as follows: one at the foot of Twenty-sixth street, East River; one at the foot of Twenty-third street, North River; one at the Battery. These tugs will have officers on board to communicate orders from these headquarters to the commanders on board any and all of your vessels. Please send the names of the field officers commanding vessels. Remain just within the Jersey side of the channel only during election to-day. Captain Crosby will carry any messages you may desire in carrying out this arrangement.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCE, &amp; C.,Tug Moses Taylor, North River, [November 8, 1864].

Brigadier General GEORGE H. GORDON,

Chief of Staff, & c.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I found the George Law shortly after writing to you. All my vessels are at the place designated in my previous communication. I received from Captain Crosby your orders concerning the Augusta, & c. Since writing those you must have received my communication, and you perceive how I am embarrassed. I doubt if the Augusta has yet received her ammunition for the light 12s. You see that I have not used as many transports as you anticipated. I am about to order the Westfield and John Romer to the west side of the North River. I will place thee John Romer where you tell me to put the Augusta, at the terminus of the Jersey railroad. By the time you read this, which I commit to your tug, foot of Twenty-third street, I shall have ordered the Westfield and Romer and returned to foot of West Twenty-fourth street to receive any new orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, & c.
HEADQUARTERS,49 Bleecker Street, New York, November 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General GORDON,

Chief of Staff, & c.:

Having been requested by Major-General Butlerr to organize a proper system for obtaining reliable information of occurrences in the city during to-day and to-morrow by means of the city and police telegraphs, I would respectfully report as follows: I presented the following letter from Major-General Butler to General Dix:
HEADQUARTERS,November 7, 1864.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding, & c.:

GENERAL: You will do me a favor if you will order all company and staff officers in the city not assigned to duty to report to your headquarters to Major-General Butterfield, for the service of superintending police and telegraph station.

Respectfully,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

General Dix immediately directed his assistant adjutant-general to issue an order in compliance therewith and publish the same in the

37 R R - VOL XLIII, PT II

