
evening papers. The officers named in the schedule attached have reported and been assigned to the stations mentioned therein. (See schedule A.*). I addressed the following communications to Mr. Kennedy, superintendent of the Metropolitan police, and Mr. Sanford, president of the American Telegraph Company (marked B and C, respectively, and attached hereto). By these it will be seen that the dispatches to General Butler, from the officers assigned to this duty, will have precedence over all other business. The instructions given to the officers on this duty will be found in schedule D, annexed hereto. These instructions were approved by Major-General Butler. The list of officers and their stations is inclosed.* I would respectfully suggest, for the consideration of the major-general commanding, that as soon as he may deem it prudent to dispense with the whole or any portion of these officers that an order be issued to them relieving them from such duty, and that they be informed that they are returned to the same situation, with regard to their responsibilities or duties elsewhere or in their respective commands, as they were previous to being placed on such duty. The following-named telegraph offices of the city telegraph have been omitted from the list, as they are in such close proximity to your own headquarters that it has been deemed unnecessary to station any officers there, namely: Fifth Avenue Hotel; Saint James Hotel, corner of Broadway and Twenty-sixth street; and 945 Broadway, near Twenty-second street. No officers have been sent to the following stations of the city telegraph, being outside of the limits of the city of New York, namely: Astoria, Fort Hamilton, at Church's Store. In addition to the list of telegraphic offices in the city, officers have been sent to Jersey City, Williamsburg, and Newark, in consequence of the reports received from there. By reference to the schedule of offices and stations, it will be seen that every office of any importance as a source of information has a proper officer stationed in its vicinity. The requisite number of officers for service with boats have been directed to report to General Gordon. the organization is now so complete that it will require no further service on my part. I therefore turn it over in its present shape to General Gordon, to whom these officers have been directed to report. Should any other officers report for this duty, in consequence of General Dix's order, I will direct them to report to General Gordon, that thee may be added to or relieve the officers at the various stations for sending in information. I have received valuable assistance from Lieutenant-Colonel Hughes, Thirty-ninth New York, and Lieutenant-Colonel Britt, Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, in arranging this organization. Our court-martial will resume its sessions to-morrow. I shall be found at the rooms corner of Broadway and Fourth street, after 12 o'clock to-morrow.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS,New York City, November 7, 1864.

JONN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent Metropolitan Police, 300 Mulberry Street:

Major-General Butler directs me to inform you that he will place an officer, for temporary duty, at each of the various telegraph stations of the Metropolitan police. This officer may desire to report certain infor-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

