
mation to General Butler by telegraph. General Butler requests that you will give directions at the various police stations that these dispatches may be immediately transmitted to him. He also requests that you will communicate to him any information received at your headquarters of any disturbance or appearance of organized forces for disloyal or improper purposes. The bearer will await your reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General Volunteers.]

[Inclosure C.]
HEADQUARTERS,New York City, November 7, 1864.

E. S. SANFORD,

President of the American Telegraph Company, 145 Broadway:

I am directed by Major-General Butler to request that you will cause instructions to be given at the offices of the city department of the American Telegraph Company that telegraphic dispatches addressed to Major-General Butler from any officer in the service of the United States shall receive precedence over all other business, and the same shall be transmitted to him without delay at his headquarters at the Hoffman House, corner of Twenty-fifth street and Broadway. The bearer will await your reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Answer to C.]

AMERICAN TELEGRAPH COMPANY OFFICE,

No. 145 Broadway, New York, November 7, 1864.

Major General DANIEL BUTTERFIELD:

GENERAL: The order you request was given this morning and will be strictly enforced. This company will furnish, every facility in its power to the general commanding, and the president of the company will give the subject his best personal attention.

Very respectfully,

E. S. SANFORD,

President American Telegraph Company.

[Inclosure D.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 10. New York City, November 8, 1864.

The following-named officers, having reported for temporary duty, are assigned as follows: Colonel M. Murphy, Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers; vicinity First ward.

Officers while on this duty will remain at or near the stations designated. It will be their duty to inform themselves with regard to any disturbance or riot existing, or that may be apprehended in the vicinity, and report the same by telegraph or letter, according to the circumstances of the case, to Major-General Butler, at the Hoffman House, corner of Twenty-fifth street and Broadway.

The officers on this duty will report only facts, and be careful that stampede reports of any organizations or mobs are not sent in.

They

