
place for four boxes of guns and ammunition to be sent to the provost-marshal at Buffalo, to be used in case of emergency only. I left Buffalo last night feeling not the slightest apprehension. I was detained at Hornellsville by an accident on the road, and there I met a regiment of troops on its way to Buffalo, and also learned that Major-General Peck had his headquarters at Buffalo and had assumed command of the frontier. This I ascertained by a Buffalo morning paper, which is all the information I have on the subject. In consequence of the accident the regiment will probably not reach Buffalo before night, and I think it better it should not. On arriving here, about noon, I found that a regiment of soldiers had arrived here, reporting to Colonel Tracy, commanding post. I also found the two telegraph dispatches,* of which I inclose you copies. The one from Captain Bowen, relative to Fort Niagara, I think deserves attention, and send copy to General Peck; the one from General Fry was in ignorance of the condition of our forces here, and the regiment on its way to Buffalo renders unnecessary any attention to it. I would have spared from the Veteran Reserve Corps a few men for Fort Niagara, but consider that I am superseded in any charge I may have had over such matters as commandant of the district. Indeed all my doings above reported were in ignorance of the command of General Peck and fear inconsistent therewith.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Comdg. District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, November 8, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN C. ROBINSON,

Commanding District of Northern New York, Albany:

Two companies of the Seventh Infantry have been sent to Ogdensburg and 300 men to Watervliet Arsenal, for temporary service. The failure to advise you was through inadvertence; you will be notified of such movements hereafter.

By command of General Dix:

M. T. MCMAHON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 9, 1864.

(Received 10.30 a. m. 10th.)

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Cedar Creek, Va.:

Do you not think it advisable to notify all citizens living east of the Blue Ridge to move out north of the Potomac all their stock, grain, and provisions of every description? There is no doubt about the necessity of clearing out that country so that it will not support Mosby's gang, and the question is whether it is not better that the people should save what they can. So long as the war lasts they must be prevented from raising another crop, both there and as high up the Valley as we can control.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

* Not found as inclosures.

---------------

