HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,November 9, 1864.

General SLOUGH,

Manassas Junction:

No report received from you last night. How are you getting on with the road and where are the troops now?

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.

MANASSAS, November 9, 1864.

(Received 4.40 p. m.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding:

GENERAL: My evening report was sent to the telegraph office at the usual time last evening. All is quiet on the line. The road will be taken up to this point by to-morrow noon. The Two hundred and first and Two hundred and second Pennsylvania Infantry and Fifth Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, and all the cavalry, except one squadron at Fairfax Station, are here.

Respectfully,

JNO. P. SLOUGH,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,

November 9, 1864 - 12.15 a. m.

The following is a copy of orders just received from headquarters of the army:

NOVEMBER 8, 1864.

This army will move to-morrow morning at 10 a. m. from its present encampment to a point where the Strasburg and Winchester pike crosses Opequon Creek, and will then go into position. The movement will take place in the following order, viz: The Sixth Army Corps will move on the left of the pike; the Nineteenth Army Corps will move on the right of the pike. The command of General Crook will constitute the rear guard. The artillery and trains will move on the pike, the artillery of the Sixth Army Corps taking precedence, and will be followed by the artillery of the Nineteenth Army Corps. The trains will move in the same order. Both the artillery and trains will be doubled on the pike.

Pursuant to the foregoing orders, the Nineteenth Army Corps will move at 10 a. m. to-day on the right of the pike, and in the following order, viz: first, First Division; second, Second Division; third, artillery, in column of sections, in rear of trains and artillery of the Sixth Corps, on the pike; fourth, trains; fifth, ambulances. The infantry will move head of column by brigades or regiments; the heads of columns parallel with the head of column of the Sixth Army Corps, when the nature of the ground will permit.

By command of Brevet Major-General Emory:

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

