
this party. The First Division pickets will probably connect on your left and on the pike. Your entire line will be relieved to-morrow morning, when it is expected that this command will move back toward Winchester.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp; c.,

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, November 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

My scouting parties, sent out last night, have returned without finding anything. The train went out as usual this a. m.

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 9, 1864.

Captain R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The expedition sent out from New Creek on the 6th instant, in command of Colonel George R. Latham, of the Fifth West Virginia Cavalry, to Moorefield, in Hardy County, returned last night. The command arrived at Moorefield, as ordered, at daylight on Monday morning, but found only a few stragglers in and about the town, the rebels having withdrawn a day or two previous, and encamped in a secluded place south of Moorefield. Colonel Latham pushed on to their encampment, but after a slight skirmish the enemy fled to the mountains. He captured 8 prisoners, with their horses and equipments; brought in 50 head of fat cattle and near 400 sheep and several horses. I will forward you his detailed report when received.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,New Creek, W. Va., November 9, 1864.

Lieutenant C. A. FREEMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that I sent a scouting party, consisting of fifty men, mounted, to Burlington and vicinity. The command left New Creek at 6 this morning; went to Burlington, and returned this evening. Report no enemy in that locality. All quiet.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. FLEMING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Weston, W. Va., November 9, 1864 - 7 p. m.

Lieutenant J. P. WILKINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to herewith forward tri-monthly of this detachment for November 10, 1864. I also report that scouts have just arrived from French Creek and that vicinity; also scouts sent this

