
II. A freedman's bureau for said department is hereby created, office in Baltimore; Major William M. Este, aide-de-camp, in charge.

III. Major Este is intrusted with the execution of this order; and, to make it effective, he is authorized to institute investigations, to send for persons and papers, and to make necessary arrests.

IV. Provost-marshals, in their several districts, particularly those on the eastern and western shores, are requested and directed to hear all complaints made to them by persons within the meaning of this order, to collect and forward information and proofs of wrongs done to such persons, and, generally, to render Major Este such assistance as he may require in the performance of his duty.

V. As it will be impossible to carry out this order without having a place in which the sick, helpless, and needy can be temporarily rested and provided for, Major Este is directed to take possession of the building known formerly as the Maryland Club House, but now named Freedman's Rest; to select some excellent lady to take charge of the same as matron, and to suitably prepare and furnish as many rooms as may be required for the purpose proposed. And that this may be speedily accomplished, donations are respectfully solicited from all philanthropic and Christian persons wherever resident. All fines hereafter assessed and collected by the provost-marshal of the department will be appropriated to the support of the Freedman's Rest. To supply immediate wants Major Este is further directed to draw on Colonel Wooley.

VI. Lest the moneys derived from donations and from fines collected should prove insufficient to support the institution in a manner corresponding to its importance, Major Este will proceed to make a list of all the avowed rebel sympathizers resident in the city of Baltimore, with the view to levying such contributions upon them in aid of the Freedman's Rest as may be from time to time required.

VII. Major Estee will enter upon the execution of this order without delay.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, November 9, 1864.

(Received 12.20 p. m.)

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

This department is perfectly quiet. I would like to take my leave granted October 17.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 10, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff, U. S. Army.

General Couch was granted seven days' leave of absence by Special Orders, No. 350, paragraph 1, October 17, 1864, from this office, but on

