
thee 19th of October he telegraphed that, in consequence of some alarm along the border as to the probability of a raid, he gave up his leave. He now desires to take it, as his department is perfectly quiet.

R. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 10, 1864.

Approved.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS LEHIGH DISTRICT,Pottsville, Pa., November 9, 1864.

Major JOHN S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chambersburg, Pa.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from department headquarters, under date of the 6th instant, I left Harrisonburg by the first train after the receipt of the order and proceeded to this place, arriving here on the afternoon of the 7th, and immediately assumed command of this district. I found upon my arrival here considerable alarm existing among the people lest there should be trouble on the following day; and ascertaining that there was some danger of disturbance at Shenandoah and Mahanoy Cities and in Ashland Township, I forwarded troops to those points, instructing the officers in command of the detachments to be very careful not to allow the men to commit any outrages, or by word or deed to provoke a collision with the inhabitants. I further instructed them not to interfere in any way with the elections and to keep their commands away from the polls, but to see that order was preserved and the citizens protected in the enjoyment of their just rights. I also directed them to promptly quell any outbreak that might arise; and if attacked to use saber and bayonet until the rioters were dispersed and order restored. On the morning of the 8th I ordered out a detachment of cavalry, with instructions to march through Minersville, Upper and Lower Cass Townships, and return by the way of Port Carbon. This detachment returned last night, having marched thirty-eight miles. Learning, on the night of the 7th instant, by messengers from Fremont, that a party of men, numbering 150, deserters and others, were assembled in the woods near that town, with the intention, of driving out some of the inhabitants the day following, I ordered out a small detachment of cavalry to look after them, but upon the approach of the troops they fled, and no trouble ensued. Everything was quiet throughout the day in all parts of the county, and men of all parties unite in saying that it was the most quiet election day held for a long time, though they are of the opinion that there would have been serious trouble in some of the districts had not the troops been present. Many of the citizens have taken occasion to express their appreciation of the services of the major-general commanding in taking precautions to preserve order in the county.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS S. MATHER,

Colonel, Commanding Lehigh District.

