
two miles and a half from Darnestown, same distance from Muddy Branch Ford. Have Major Brown's command picketing the river.

Respectfully,

JNO. M. WAITE,

Major, &amp;c.

ALEXANDRIA, September 9, 1864.

(Received 8.20 p. m)

Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: We have information tat there is about 300 rebel cavalry in the neighborhood of Fairfax Station awaiting a chance to attack some of our scouting parties; some of them are recognized as the Seventeenth Virginia Cavalry. These men do not belong to Mosby. They have been seen for several days in that vicinity and about the Court-House.

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

(Copy forwarded to Colonel H. M. Lazelle at 8.45 p. m.)
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 9, 1864.

Brevet Major-General CROOK,

Commanding Army of West Virginia:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you detail one regiment from your command to assist in escorting the army trains through to Charlestown. The regiment that you detail will only go as far as Charlestown, and then return. The trains will be parked near your command, and be moved via the road from Summit Point to Charlestown. The regiment should be on the ground ready to start at 5 a. m. to-morrow. One regiment of cavalry will go with the trains in addition to your regiment. The commanding officer of the cavalry will be in command and responsible for the wagons and will go through to Harper's Ferry. General Torbert has been directed to detail the cavalry regiment referred to.

Respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,In the Field, September 9, 1864.

Colonel I. H. DUVAL:

You will please make a detail from your command of one regiment to assist in guarding the army trains through to Charlestown. the regiment that you detail will only go as far as Charlestown, and then return. The train will move via the road from Summit Point to Charlestown. One regiment of cavalry will go with the train, and the commanding will report at these headquarters promptly at 5 a. m. to-morrow.

By command of Brevet Major-General Crook:

WM. McKINLEY, JR.,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

