
PITTSBURG, PA., November 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM L. FOULK,

Commanding Post, Erie, Pa.:

The emergency being over, you are hereby relieved from duty under my command. Transfer ordnance stores to Lieutenant Dean.

THOS. A. ROWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEW YORK, November 9, 1864 - 7 p. m.

(Received 7.25 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The triumphant election of the President, and the indications of a quiet acquiescence in the result, render it unnecessary to detain here the troops under the command of General Butler, with the exception of about 500 regulars, now in the interior of New York, under General Peck. These I should like to detain about a week. As no exigency exists in this department requiring the rest to be kept longer away from the Army of the Potomac, I deem it my duty to advise you promptly, that the necessary order may be given for their return.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 9, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER, New York:

Your bearer of dispatches was detained and only reached here last night. The subject discussed by you will be laid before the President, and his directions communicated to you. I think the parties mentioned come clearly within the scope of military inquiry, and, if the President approves, will be in favor of immediate investigation and action, as the facts shall warrant. I cannot make out the name of the Washington firm mentioned in your letter.* Grant telegraphs, Ninth Corps 2,125 majority for Lincoln. No others reported.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL DIVISION, ARMY OF THE JAMES,New York Harbor, November 9, 1864 - 11.30 p. m.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. GORDON,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have just returned from visiting each vessel of my command, and that I have found the force in good order, save as mentioned below, and well supplied, the only want being that of forage for twenty-four artillery horses on the Westfield, your order to supply them not having been yet complied with. Captain Seward, commissary of subsistence, is making arrangements for a further supply of rations to the men in the morning. If it be imperatively necessary that they should keep three days' supply of rations in their haversacks I respectfully ask to be so instructed. it has been very difficult to do so, as the men have no facilities for cooking save on the Augusta, and I am now giving them cooked rations (warm coffee included) from day to day from the Battery Barracks. They are quite as

---------------

* Butler's communication not found.

---------------

