
comfortable as could be expected. I reported that, in obedience to instructions, I had placed good field officers in command on each vessel. Because of that, if for no other reason, it is now my unpleasant duty to report that, on going to the George Law, I found that Lieutenant-Colonel Greeley, commanding, had not only, as I verbally reported to you this afternoon, permitted Lieutenant Martin to go on shore (he had not reported back at 9.20), but that he himself went ashore at noon, leaving only this word, that "if anything turned up he wished to be informed at the Powers House." He had not even turned over his written instructions to the next in command. I placed in command Captain Hickerson, the officer next in rank, and left for Lieutenant-Colonel Greeley a communication ordering him to report himself under arrest. Upon reaching the Peconic, off the Battery, I found that Lieutenant-Colonel Raulston had gone ashore "to get supper," leaving a captain of his staff, an officer not, in my opinion, qualified for the place in command, without saying when he should return, and without leaving his written instructions. From the same vessel, Captain Doane, of the Fourth New Jersey Battery, had also gone ashore "to have a wash," without saying when he should return. My staff is so small, and so well worked, that I can hardly afford to send them searching after these delinquent officers. It is very probable that Lieutenant-Colonel Raulston and Captain Doane have by this time returned. I left orders for them to explain, in writing, their disobedience of explicit written orders. I did not place them under arrest, for in that case I should hardly know what to do with their commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

POLICE HEADQUARTERS,

November 9, 1864.

General BUTLER:

When General Sandford called out his details to guard the armories of the city regiments, they were only to serve until this morning. All I can do is to place policemen on the street in the vicinity of the armories. The respective commandants of the corps to whom the arms belong may, without orders from their superior officers, put guards on them. We cannot.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.
HEADQUARTERS POLICE,November 9, 1864.

General GORDON,

Chief of Staff:

From Seventeenth precinct:

The officers detailed at Seventh Regiment headquarters had left this a. m. There are now at the armory two corporals and twenty men.

From Sixteenth precinct:

There are no military at Twenty-second Regiment Armory. The arms and equipments are there, and no protection but the janitor.

GEO. W. DILKS,

Inspector of Police.

