
the pickets of the Second Brigade in that vicinity. You will order the road through Fawcett's Gap to the Moorefield grade to be patrolled twice daily and once in the night. With the rest of your command you will move to this point, headquarters on the Opequon. The orderly who carries this will act as guide. The train has come up with rations and forage.

By command of Brevet Major-General Custer:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,

November 10, 1864.]

Colonel WILLIAM WELLS,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that you will, from to-morrow, furnish for picket a detail of 100, and that your line hereafter will have to extend from the inner Middle road - the one nearest Newtown - to Newtown, or the pickets in the vicinity of the infantry. The First Brigade will connect with your right in the vicinity of the inner Middle road. He also has directed me to say that you give the most positive orders to the commanding officer on picket not to allow any one, no matter who he may be, to pass outside the line of vedettes, except by order or an approved pass from these headquarters. The only persons excepted are the major-general commanding the army and the commanding officer of corps d'armee. No forage party, either from the infantry or this division, can, when under an officer, be allowed to pass without approval from these headquarters. Foraging by men detailed for duty on picket should be altogether abandoned. Any party wishing to enter the vedette line without permission from these headquarters will be kept waiting until the latter will have been obtained. He also desires the rule to forward picket reports twice daily to be regarded as an established one, not to be discontinued until further orders.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, &amp; c.,

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Harper's Ferry:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you protect the railroad from Harper's Ferry to Charlestown with the infantry force under your command. A brigade of infantry has been sent to protect the road from Charlestown as it progresses. The four Pennsylvania infantry regiments sent to Philadelphia have been ordered back. If on their arrival at Harper's Ferry they are in a special train if possible send them through by rail on the road to Winchester as far as it goes.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

