HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., November 10, 1864.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Military Division:

GENERAL: Your order of this date received. I will cover road to Charlestown with part of Fifth New York Heavy Artillery. Do not consider me pertinacious if I again call your attention to the post of Winchester. I am embarrassed to know whether you purpose it to be within my command or not. So also of this force for the protection of the road. Neither force is ordered to report to me, and yet both might be considered as within my command, being "troops in the lower Shenandoah Valley." I only desire to know what you consider to be the scope of my command, that I may not fail you in the proper discharge of my duties through a false delicacy in ascertaining definitely what are really your wishes. I think the troops for protection of road and garrisons at both Winchester and Harper's Ferry, as well as the operations of the road itself, should be controlled by a single head; otherwise, when not important to you, conflict of judgment might most seriously embarrass your operations. I am a firm believer in fixing military responsibilities definitely, so that censure may rest where it properly belongs. This should especially be the case in regard to this road, in view of the important bearing it must soon have upon your army, as its chief avenue of supply. I desire, general, to call your attention to thee Remount Camp and camp of Reserve Brigade of artillery. If it is your purpose, after road is open to Winchester, to still keep these camps in their present localities, there is an immediate necessity for converting them into winter quarters. This will involve the erection of very extensive stables, as also huts for the men. All the necessary preparations against winter should be made at once.e I have applications daily for lumber and other materials for such purposes, but hesitate to supply them until I know what you desire to be done. In view of the early completion of road to Winchester, would it not be better that all recruits, convalescents, returning furloughed men, &amp; c., be sent direct to Winchester, to be there armed and equipped by officers from their several commands, than to be retained in camp here, where, after being armed and equipped, much time is lost in forwarding them, for want of officers to take charge of them. I have nothing in the shape of news, except the election returns. These you have no doubt received by the papers. One thing seems to be definitely settled, that the rebellion is to be "wiped out." Your Indian experiences have familiarized you with the force of the expression, and your campaign assures me that you concur in my prayer that it may be speedily and effectually done.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIST. OF HARPER'S FERRY, No. 22. Harper's Ferry, Va., November 10, 1864.

The general commanding being satisfied that large amounts of supplies pass through the lines within this military district, going directly to persons in rebellion against the Government of the United States, and in violation of the express provisions of General Orders, No. 5, heretofore published, from these headquarters, it is ordered:

That no supplies purchased in the city of Baltimore, or elsewhere outside this military district, will be permitted to pass through the lines

