
south of the Potomac, between the mouth of the Monocacy and Harper's Ferry, W. Va., or south of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, between the town of Harper's Ferry, W. Va., and Hancock, Md., unless the permission to purchase the same shall have been approved, before the purchase thereof, at these headquarters.

Hereafter the amount of goods permitted to a family will be restricted to $ 50 per month, and any trader who shall sell to the members of the same family, either directly or indirectly, in any one month, more than that amount, shall thereby forfeit his right to trade with persons living south of the lines.

The provost-marshals at the several military posts within this district will make it their special duty to see that this order is not violated. To that end they will keep a register of all goods permitted within their respective districts, the amount permitted and to whom permitted, and will make weekly returns of the same to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Stevenson:

S. F. ADAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., November 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

A dispatch just received from Colonel Edwards says the army is just this side of Newtown. No enemy within forty miles.

W. H. SEWARD.

CUMBERLAND, November 10, 1864 - 10.30 a. m.

Major General GEORGE CROOK,

Cedar Creek:

(Care of Brigadier-General Seward, Martinsburg, W. Va.)

After many disappointments and delays, I have succeeded in mounting, arming, and equipping the Fifteenth New York Cavalry. The regiment is now ready for the field. I await your orders.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT STATE OF NEW YORK, No. 11. New York City, November 10, 1864.

* * * * * * *

IV. To commanding officers of New York troops now at Watervliet Arsenal, West Troy, N. Y., recently ordered there by Brigadier-General Hawley, from his command at Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor, these regiments believed to be the Eighty-first and Ninety-eighth New York Volunteers:

You will immediately report with your commands to the commanding officer at Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor. You will move at the earliest possible moment.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. H. GORDON,Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

