HEADQUARTERS,City of New York, November 10, 1864 - 1.45 a. m.

Brigadier General JOSEPH R. HAWLEY,

Commanding Provisional Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that your communication of 11.30 p. m. November 9, to Brigadier-General Gordon, chief of staff, has been received at these headquarters. General Gordon directs me to say that if forage has not yet been received for the artillery horses on the Westfield, you had better send a tug to the quartermaster's at once to procure it. The boats had better go to the Battery Barracks each day and receive on board the rations for the men, instead of keeping the three days' supply on hand. General Gordon also directs that you place competent officers in charge of the boats, in place of those who are absent, and await further instructions. I will hunt up Lieutenant-Colonel Greeley, and order him to report to you under arrest.

I have the honor to be your obedient servant,

H. C. CLARKE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp, Orderly Officer of the Day.

NEW YORK, November 10, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding, City of New York:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with your orders on November 8, at 6 a. m. I left your headquarters and proceeded to the navy-yard and reported to Admiral Paulding, who immediately ordered the U. S. gun-boat Queen, Captain Tarr commanding, to proceed to High Bridge, in the Harlem River, and act in accordance with such facts or information as I conveyed to him, and to act upon my recommendations. On arriving at the bridge we anchored the vessel across the stream, and trained our entire battery - of four 32-pounders, two brass 12-pounder rifled howitzers, and one 20-pounder rifle - on the top of the bridge, covering every foot of the entire structure. I then established a brief code of signals with the vessel, and then quietly awaited any demonstration of a disloyal character. The presence of the gun-boat was hailed with great joy by all the law-abiding citizens of the vicinity, and any ill-disposed persons who may have been near were indisposed to display any signs of discontent, everything remaining very quiet until this morning at 9 a. m., when we weighed anchor and steamed down the river, returning to the navy-yard, where I reported to Admiral Paulding. While we lay off the bridge a regiment of boys, numbering at least 700, were marched down on the bridge, and they gave the vessel nine hearty cheers, which were answered by the crew. I mention these demonstrations of pleasure to show the preponderance of loyal feeling in that vicinity. I have the honor to apply to be relieved from duty, as my business is suffering seriously by my absence.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. BABCOCK, JR.,

Volunteer Aide.

