
upon it. Please have all your men an duty notified of this, that they may be on their guard and take proper precautions. If not successful to-night he proposes to remain until he stricken some important blow.

Respectfully, yours,

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Forth Buffalo, Va., September 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Information has been received here, considered reliable that Mosby, with a considerable force, some 100 or 200, is lying in the forest in the vicinity of our picket-lines waiting to strike a blow. It is of utmost importance that you use the utmost vigilance against surprise, both of your pickets and stockade. You had better increase the strength of each of your picket-posts by two dismounted men each. Do this after dark, and let the remain on until morning until further orders. Please see that no more hoses are sent out on our picket-posts those of the non-commissioned officers in charge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS,Annandale Stockade, Va., September 1, 1864.

First Lieutenant EDWIN Y. LANSING,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Brigade, Fort Buffalo, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that last night, at about tattoo, our picket on the Old Church and on the Braddock road were attacked, all at the same time, driven into camp. The picket stationed near the Old Church had just charged its position toward this side of the lane leading from Cox's house, when the vedette heard the tramp of horses coming from Cox's toward the lane. mr. Cox had about a minute ago passed up that avenue with a team, with caused to diminish the sound of the advancing guerrillas. The vedette challenged; answer was, "Friend." "Dismount and make yourself known" had hardly escaped the vedette's month when the rebel leader gave the command "Charge, an it to them. "They charged and fired their pistols, whit owls, whilst the picket returned the five and ran toward the pike where picket was stationed, which also fired and proceeded to camp. The attacking party, as far as I can learn, consisted of from fifteen to twenty men. Simultaneous with the above attack about eight or ten other guerrillas made a descent onto the Braddock road picket, who responded to their fire and ran across the fields into camp. The other picket around the camp were not disturbed and remained in their places. Our communication with Forth Buffalo was entirely cut off by those attacks. About 10 p. m. we heard two shots, one in the woods near the Old Church, the other one near the Braddock road, which I too to be signal shots. It would have been sacrifing men and horses to attempt to sent messengers to your headquarters, as I was sure all roads leading to Fort Buffalo were invested by them.

