HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, November 12, 1864.

Major-General COUCH,

Chambersburg:

I have no information of any such force, and do not believe it to be true.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, November 12, 1864.

Captain SPENCE,

Point of Rocks:

Send scout to-night into Loudoun as far as Wheatland to ascertain if Rosser's cavalry is in that region. Report as soon as they return.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., November 12, 1864.

Major STARR,

Commanding Remount Camp, Pleasant Valley, Md.:

MAJOR: It is reported to me that Rosser's brigade, Mosby's and White's battalions, were this morning in the vicinity of Wheatland and Waterford, a part being at Leesburg. They evidently mean a raid. Advise Captain Livingston, so that, if necessary, we can use his command. Wheatland is about ten miles from Berlin, in Loudoun County. What is the condition of your men? Are they armed or not? If not, have you arms and ammunition for them in an emergency? Please answer to-night.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland, Md., November 12, 1864.

Captain R. P. KENNEDY:

From deserters and refugees I learn that the enemy contemplate a cavalry raid on my line at some point west of Paw Paw. An early knowledge of this movement, if made, can be had be keeping the Lost River Valley well scouted, with an active cavalry force, from Cedar Creek, and in all probability the expedition, if intended, prevented, or, at least, it will give information that can be sent me in time to make my dispositions to prevent the accomplishment of their purpose. Moreover, by keeping the Lost River Valley well occupied by a moving cavalry force it will prevent the enemy from procuring a large amount of supplies, of horses, cattle, sheep, hogs, grain, and flour, from that and the South Branch Valley. Colonel Latham drove the enemy on Monday last out of the South Branch Valley into the Lost River Valley by way of the Howard Lick road. Had the latter valley been occupied by our cavalry, McNeill's, Woodson's, and Harness' commands would have been easily captured.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. F. KELLEY.

