
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 12, 1864.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

The Secretary of War, who until this morning did not see my telegram to you and to General Bulter of yesterday, directs me to say that you are authorized to detain temporarily until further orders the regulars under command of General Peck, which you state to be about 500 in number, if you deem them essential to the safety of your command.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, November 12, 1864.

(Received 4.30 p. m.)

General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have decided to let all the regulars return at once to General Grant. This decision has been influenced very strongly by the report of a very intelligent detective, who returned from Canada this morning. He is confident there will be no more raids under rebel organization, though there may be small gangs of plunderers on the frontier. He also reports that the propeller Georgiana is not arming for depredations on Lake Erie. Under these circumstances I have ordered 100 men to Buffalo from one of my regiments, and will let the regulars go. Please show this to the Secretary of War.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 12, 1864-12 m.

Major-General BUTLER,

New York:

I want General Dix to keep from the regulars the force he deems necessary and send the balance here. If any of the regular regiments are sent I want those that are the fullest.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, November 12, 1864.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER:

GENERAL: I received last night a telegraphic dispatch, of which the following is a copy:

WASHINGTON, November 11, 1864.

Major-General DIX:

The Secretary of War directs that the troops taken by General Butler be returned to the field as promptly as possible. Acknowledge receipt, and report when these troops have embarked.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

