
MARTINSBURG, November 13, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN D. STEVENSON:

GENERAL: The escort that came in last night was attached two miles beyond Bunker Hill by a party of thirty rebels, losing one man. The mail to the front was also attached about the same place but repulsed it without loss. I have sent a party of cavalry in that direction.

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., November 13, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General CROOK,

Strasburg, Va.:

There is a report (not known to be correct) that the rebel General Rosser is, or will be, at Wheatland, a small place near Hillsborough, with the intention of striking the railroad at Berlin or Point of Rocks. This is sent for your information.

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Brigadier-General Stevenson, Harper's Ferry.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 272. Chambersburg, Pa., November 13, 1864.

1. Company G, Two hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in Juniata District, and will proceed without delay to Philipsburg, Center County, Pa., and upon arrival there will report to Major R. I. Dodge, U. S. Army, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, Western Division of Pennsylvania, for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation by railroad.

2. Lieutenant John Downey, Patapsco Guard, Independent Company Maryland Volunteers, will proceed without delay with his company from Pottsville to Philipsburg, Center County, Pa., and upon arrival there will report to Major R. I. Dodge, U. S. Army, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, Western Division of Pennsylvania, for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation by railroad.

3. Captain B. Lambert, Independent Mounted Company 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed without delay with the detachment of his company from Columbia County to Philipsburg, Center County, Pa., and upon arrival there will report to Major R. I. Dodge, U. S. Army, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, Western Division of Pennsylvania, at Harrisburg, for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation by railroad.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JAS. S. SCHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

