
return to the Army of the James. The Ninth [Ninety-eighth] New York (Major Rogers), with one company of the Ninth Vermont, sent to Watervliet, has not yet reported. I am ordering the command to be ready, with three day's cooked and two days' uncooked rations, to embark.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL DIVISION, ARMY OF THE JAMES,Fort Richmond, November 13, 1864-9 p. m.

Captain L. L. LANGDON,

First U. S. Artillery:

CAPTAIN: The artillery of this command will be embarked from Atlantic Bock, Brooklyn, about to-morrow noon. Captain Stinson, assistant quartermaster at New York, will telegraph you at what time to expect the transports there, and the brigadier-general commanding directs that you use all possible expedition in embarking and great care in preventing desertions or straggling from your batteries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. GRAVES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KERNSTOWN, November 14, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

The reconnaissance made yesterday by the cavalry enables me to give you definite information of the recent movements of the enemy here. Early moved with his whole army from New Market on the same day that I moved back from Cedar Creek, under the impression (so prisoners say) that a large number of the troops here had been sent North on account of the election. He came down to the north side of Cedar Creek on the 12th. The information given by my scouts was correct in every particular. Early's cavalry having been driven in and broken on both flanks, he fell back in great haste on the night of the 12th instant, and, according to the reports of prisoners, was going back to New Market. General torbert pushed on to Strasburg yesterday, driving the enemy out of town and up to Fisher's Hill. The cavalry fight of Powell and Custer was very creditable. Merritt was but slightly engaged after dark, with the enemy's infantry on the pike. The result of the day's operations was 20 commissioned officers, 225 men, 2 pieces of artillery, 3 caissons, 2 battle-flanks, and 4 ammunition wagons captured, and the complete rout of the enemy's cavalry. Our loss was only 2 killed, 7 wounded, and 7 captured. The railroad will soon be finished to the crossing of Opequon Creek. I can then get long forage for our animals. They are now suffering very much from the cold weather and insufficiency of food.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

