HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., November 14, 1864.

Captain SPENCE,

Commanding Point of Rocks:

CAPTAIN: I have information that Mosby, with small force, will try to capture the night express trains to-night by turning switch Catocatin Switch. You will, at 12 o'clock to-night, send up to that point fifty of your command, under a good officer, with instructions to remain there until both east and west trains shall pass. If Mosby's men appear attack them and drive them across the river. Signal trains if a force appears too strong for your men to handle them. The men must move promptly at 12 o'clock, and cautiously, so as to surprise the rebels if they are at the point.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. INDEPENDENT LOUDOUN (VIRGINIA) RANGERS,Point of Rocks, Md., November 14, 1864.

Lieutenant S. F. ADAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-Genera, Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of an order received from Captain James W. Grubb, I with a detachment of twenty men of this command, left camp at 10.30 a. m. yesterday and crossed the river at Heater's Ford, and proceeded to Wheatland and beyond that place, going by way of Lovettsville. Saw no enemy. From information received from citizens, Rosser's cavalry have not been in the neighborhood and their whereabouts not known. White's cavalry reported near Wood Grove. Some of Mosby's cavalry were to meet together at Roctortown to-day. Brought in three prisoners captured at Wheatland, supposed to be Federal deserters, and have this day turned them over to provost-marshal al Harper's Ferry. The scout returned to camp at 8 o'clock last evening.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT GRAHAM,

Second Lieutenant Co. A, Comdg. Independent Loudoun (Va.) Rangers.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 47. Cumberland, November 14, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Companies E and M of the Sixth West Virginia Infantry Volunteers, stationed at this place, will at once proceed, by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, to Grafton, W. Va. The commanding officer will report upon arrival, through regimental commander, to Colonel Wilkinson, Clarksburg, W. Va., commanding forces west of Piedmont. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

III. The battalion of the Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, now stationed at Grafton, W. Va., will be once proceed, by Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, to Green Spring Run, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and relieve the detachment of the battalion Twenty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, on duty at that place. The command-

