
ing officer of the battalion will report at these headquarters when en route for instructions. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brevet Major-General Kelley:

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 273. Chambersburg, Pa., November 14, 1864.

5. Captain J. K. Wheaver, commanding Independent Company (re-enlisted for 100 days) Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed with his company without delay from Harrisburg to Philipsburg, Center County, Pa., and upon arrival there report to Major R. I. Dodge, U. S. Army, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, Western District of Pennsylvania, at Harrisburg, for orders.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. PROVISIONAL BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE JAMES,

Fort Richmond, November 14, 1864.

Captain A. F. PUFFER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report to the major-general commanding that four infantry transports-the Ashland, Thomas Perit, Trade Wind, and North Point-sailed this afternoon and evening. Another, the United States, on which I propose to go, was loaded before sunset, but I have detained her until I could send to Captain Stinson and make sure of one more transport. He was unable to furnish the boats whose names he sent me in the morning, and the two which he sent in place of the Constitution will not carry so many by 300. I have on shore yet most of the Ninth Vermont, 331, Lieutenant-Colonel Barney commanding, me who neither desert nor grumble; and Captain Stinson informs me, at midnight, that he will send another transport for them by to-morrow noon. captain Stinson perhaps misjudged as to the artillery, and now tells me that he will furnish Captain Langdon another transport, and the horses belonging to my forces cannot go on board until to morrow morning at sunrise. Under the circumstances I shall sail as soon as I finish this dispatch, leaving Captain Langdon over the artillery, Lieutenant Parsons (Powers House, or corner Tenth avenue and Thirty-third street) and Lieutenant-Colonel Barney well instructed and advised. After my telegram on the subject, Captain John McClintock reported here (6 p. m.) with about 580 of the Fourteenth and Eighth U. S. Infantry. As ordered, I instructed him to prepare to embark for City Point. He has rations to include the 18th. I have used all possible exertion to catch deserters and stop the evil. During the last twenty-four hours I think there has been little of it. Two or three detectives reported here this afternoon, and I set them at work. The deserters are almost wholly from the substitutes. As a partial satisfaction for the humiliating extent of this crime I propose to sub-

