
ject to discipline one drunken officer, two drunken officers who were on guard together, and three officers from the regiment which lost most by desertion, who, failing to get my permission to go to the city Saturday evening, went without leave and staid over night, while I was trying every expedient to stop the desertion of their own men among the rest.

In the haste of embarkation it was impossible to get for Brigadier-General Hays, provost-marshal-general, State of New York, descriptive lists of the deserters. I will pursue the subject. Some officers sent them to the provost-marshals of their States. I have written to General Hays that most of the deserters are from New Hampshire and Connecticut regiments, and pointing to the shore railroads and Sound steam-boat routes. I earnestly hope to witness the shooting of some of these scoundrels.

I emphatically commend the behavior of the Ninth Vermont, Lieutenant-Colonel Barney; Eighty-first New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Raulston, and Tenth Connecticut, Captain Hickerson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

New York, November 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General HAWLEY,

Commanding Brigade, at Fort Richmond:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the following-named steamers may be expected at Fort Richmond immediately, to move a portion of the troops of your command, viz: The United States, to carry 800 men; the Ashland, 650 men; the Thames, 400 men, and the North Point, 350 men. The steamers Naushon and Chicopee will assist in embarking the men.

You will be advised of the names of the other boats as soon as it is determined which shall take the artillery.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. STINSON,

Assistant Quartermaster.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL DIVISION,

ARMY OF THE JAMES,

Fort Richmond, November 14, 1864.

The following instructions are issued for the guidance of each regimental commander: The transports will be loaded with the almost expedition. The senior officers of the troops assigned to each will take charge of the embarkation of troops going on his vessel, and will report to the brigadier-general commanding just before the work is completed for his sailing orders, so that there may be no delay in starting. All the vessels whose draught of water does not forbid will proceed directly to Bermuda Hundred Landing, and if possible, to Deep Bottom. It is entirely safe to go up to the former place with a boat drawing fifteen feet. When a vessel draws more it is best to transfer the troops at Fortress Monroe, and the senior officer will report for the purpose to Colonel Web-

