
officers, of articles needed to supply the troops and their departments, and no requisitions will be made at another times, except in case of special necessity, which will be stated in the certificate.

The chief of ambulances at army headquarters and the chief signal officer will require from officers of their departments the semi-monthly statements and submit them to the chief quartermaster of the army.

The depot quartermaster at Harper's Ferry will hereafter issue only on requisitions approved by the chief quartermaster of the army.

No quartermaster serving in the field will be allowed more than one citizen clerk. The pay allowed will be $100 per month at the headquarters of corps or other independent commands and of divisions, and $75 per month at the headquarters of brigades. Depot quartermasters will submit a list of their clerks and employes and the slaries paid them to the head of their department, and will employ only the number approved by him.

The highest pay allowed to citizen teamsters will be $30 per month, assistant wagon-masters $45 per month, and wagon-masters $60 per month, each receiving one ration per day.

The allowance of men, including citizens and soldiers, for wagon trains, will ne one man for each wagon, and for every ten wagons an additional man as cook. At the headquarters of corps, divisions, and brigades there will be allowed two blacksmiths, one saddler, one wheelwright, and one forage master; at corps and division headquarters a wagon-master, and at brigade headquarters an assistant wagon-master. Commanders of corps and other independent commands will require from their quartermasters lists of men employed, and see that the above allowances of number and pay are strictly conformed to. When the trains are divided, part accompanying the troops and part remaining in the rear, commanders of corps, &amp;c., will designate a quartermaster to take charge of each portion, with such a number of regimental quartermasters for assistant as may be necessary.

All transportation will be held by corps, division, or brigade quartermasters, except in the batteries. The wagons assigned to the latter may be held by the commanders when the batteries are not brigaded. They will, however, be subjected, as wagons, to the orders of the chief quartermaster of corps, &c.

The chief quartermaster of the army may require directly from subordinate officers such reports and correspondence as nay be necessary for the proper administration of his department.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 10, 1864.- For field return of Sheridan's command, see Part I, p. 61.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,Washington, September 10, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Division, Berryville, Va.:

I have been obliged to send a battalion of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry to Port Tobacco to break up blockade-running and to intercepted deserters from Army of the Potomac. I have a battalion of First and Third Division men, under Major Brown, now on duty picketing the upper

