
ster, chief quartermaster, at Fortress Monroe. Upon landing at Deep Bottom the order pertaining to the temporary organization will be considered as revoked. Lieutenant-Colonel Raulston will resume command of the Eighteenth Corps troops, and Colonel Abbott, of the Tenth Corps troops, and all will make their proper divisions and report. An attempt will be made to have the usual transportation of each regiment ready at Deep Bottom.

By command of Brigadier-General Hawley:

CHAS. H. GRAVES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Captain Langdon, commanding the artillery, will be governed generally by these instructions, and will instruct accordingly the officers of his command.

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain L. will sail as soon as he is embarked, without reporting further to me.

J. R. H.

CITY POINT, November 15, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Please order Brigadier General E. Upton, as soon as sufficiently recovered from his wounds, to report to Major-General Thomas for duty. General Upton is in Batavia, N. Y.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEWTOWN, VA., November 15, 1864-12.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Early's army did not stop at Fisher's Hill, but continued its retreat during the night of the 12th back to New Market. From the reports of prisoners and citizens, the army was stampeded by the attack of our cavalry on his extreme flanks. I regret that I could not get sufficient positive information of Early's presence, but all the prisoners captured early in the day were cavalrymen, and were positive that no infantry had come this way. This incorrect information was true so far as they knew, as they had traveled on the side roads and could not see any of the infantry. Citizens report John Morgan's cavalry, about 1,200 strong, as the only organized re-enforcement that Early has received, but that the army has been increased by conscripts, detailed men, and men of the second class-farmers. They report Early's army very much increased in numbers.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

