HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,November 15, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN P. SLOUGH,

Military Governor of Alexandria:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that, inasmuch as the Twelfth Veteran Reserve Corps has been relieved from duty at Alexandria, you are authorized to retain those companies of Colonel Awl's regiment now on the road between Accotink and Alexandria, with the exception of one which he desires sent to Fairfax, to report to the colonel.

Respectfully,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 48. Cumberland, November 15, 1864.

* * * * *

II. The section of Battery L, First Illinois Light Artillery, now on duty at Grafton, W. Va., will move, by Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, to New Creek, W. Va., and report to the commanding officer at that point. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

V. Company I, Sixth West Virginian Infantry, Captain C. J. Harrison commanding, on duty at South Branch bridge, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, will move without delay to Cumberland, Md., for the purpose of being mustered out, their term of service having expired.

By order of Brevet Major-General Kelley:

C. A. FREEMAN,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD SEPARATE BRIGADE,

Baltimore, Md., November 15, 1864.

Major General L. WALLACE,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I do not presume that anything I can say can render you more sensible of the deplorable condition of affairs in the lower counties of the Eastern Shore of Maryland, or more anxious to apply a remedy. A number of gentlemen of Dorchester will call on you to-day on the subject, and I have requested Captain J. E. Graham, First Eastern Shore Maryland, who has just returned from there, to call on you. Captain Graham served under me in Accomack, Va., as provost-marshal, and proved himself an energetic and able officer. His time of service is expired, and I presume that, under the rule, he will be mustered out, unless your order otherwise. Captain Graham is willing to serve, even without pay, as assistant provost-marshal in that region, but I dislike to see him do so without compensation. If you can devise some method to put him in authority there, either under me or otherwise, and allow him a dozen mounted men, I doubt not of his rendering satisfactory service. Lieutenant Mullikin has returned, leaving the squadron at Easton. If these could be allowed Graham I think he would soon put a stop to the proceedings below, so disgraceful to the cause.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General.

