HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,November 16, 1864.

Colonel A. C. M. PENNINGTON,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions received from the chief of cavalry, you will send out early to-morrow morning a reconnaissance of at least one regiment on the country to the right of the Valley pike, to go as far as Cedar Creek, for the purpose of gaining information about the enemy's movements and intentions. The First Division sends a similar force up the Valley pike.

By command of Brevet Major-General Custer:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 16, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Winchester, Va.:

From the condition in which I found things here, I have ordered the Fifteenth New York Cavalry to move to Martinsburg and report to you from that place. It would be better to order the other regiment (Twentieth Pennsylvania) away from here.

GEORGE CROOK,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., November 16, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Winchester, Va.:

It is necessary that the block-houses along the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad by finished at once. The guerrillas are becoming very active. Please send the Fifteenth West Virginia to Martinsburg for that purpose, as there are many mechanics in that regiment. I will then give them the necessary instructions. The force along the line of railroad is not sufficient to build them. I leave for Wheeling this evening.

GEORGE CROOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Chambersburg, Pa., November 16, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Mid. Mil. Division, Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that, from the information in my possession, together with the number of spies recently arrested, and the fact that there are many persons who are undoubtedly spies in this valley and the adjacent country, but cannot be taken, I am of the opinion that a raid is intended into this valley by guerrillas. I have some 350 men-infantry, mounted men, and artillery-scattered as pickets and for protection. Six companies of home guards are being organized in this county, and perpaps the number will be increased to ten or twenty. If the people carry this out as they should, I doubt if a

