
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 25. November 17, 1864.

Until further orders from higher authority, the army now serving in the Valley will hereafter be called the "Army of the Shenandoah," and the present camp will be known as "Camp Russell."

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 11. November 17, 1864.

The patterns of the badge and flags adopted by this corps have been deposited with the chief quartermaster of the corps at these headquarters. The badge will be a fan-leaved cross with an octagonal center. By officers it will be worn suspended from the left breast by a ribbon. The color of the ribbon will be, for officers at these headquarters, red, white, and blue; for officers of the First Division, red; for officers of the Second Division, blue; for officers of the Third Division, white, with blue border. For enlisted men the badge will be cloth, two inches square, and worn on the side of the hat or top of the cap. In color it will be, for the First Division, red; Second division, blue; Third Division, white. Enlisted men who choose to supply themselves with metallic badges, of the size and color prescribed, may do so. The flags and materials for the cloth badges of enlisted men will be furnished by the chief quartermaster of the corps. The flags will be as follows: For the headquarters of the corps, blue swallow-tail, seventy-two inches in length by thirty-nine on staff, with white cross eighteen inches square. For the headquarters of divisions, triangular, sixty-six inches in length by forty-four on staff, with cross fifteen inches square. First Division, red, with white cross; Second Division, blue, with white cross; Third Division, white, with blue cross. For the headquarters of brigade, rectangular, thirty-six inches in length by thirty on staff, with cross fifteen inches square. First Brigade, red, with white cross; Second Division, blue, with white cross; Third Division, white, with blue cross. For the headquarters of brigade, rectangular, thirty-six inches in length by thirty on staff, with cross fifteen inches square. First Brigade, First Division, blue and white, horizontal (blue underneath) red cross; Second Brigade, First Division, blue and red, horizontal (blue underneath), white cross; Third Brigade, First Division, red and white, horizontal (red underneath), blue cross; first Brigade, Second Division, blue and red, perpendicular (blue on staff), white cross; Third Brigade, Second Division, red and white, perpendicular (red on staff), blue cross; Fourth Brigade, Second Division, blue and red, perpendicular (red on staff), white cross; Fist Brigade, Third Division, blue and white, diagonal (blue on staff) red cross; Second Brigade, Third Division, blue and red, diagonal (blue on staff), white cross; Third Brigade, Third Division, red and white, diagonal (red on staff), blue cross.

By command of Brevet Major-General Emory:

PETER FRENCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

