
Potomac. Can I retain them in the place of the battalion of the Eighth Illinois? Major Ludlam, Eighth Illinois, returned here yesterday from Snickersville and vicinity; reports no enemy about except small bodies of Mosby's men, which it is impossible to get into a fight.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

NEAR BERRYVILLE, VA., September 10, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

Retain the men of the First and Third Divisions cavalry for as short a time as possible. Within the last twelve days Crook's men have killed 1 of Mosby's lieutenants, 18 men, and captured 6 of his men. they have killed 5 of Mobberly's men, captured 40 of his horses and 75 revolvers. Other parties have captured 1 office, badly wounded, and 4 of his men. As soon as I get time I will a circular hunt for the whole gang. many of these men are citizens, who live in this vicinity, and have been selling produce to the Government, and claim to be loyal on this account; they are getting loyalty now, with a prospect of property in the future.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

MUDDY BRANCH, September 10, 1864.

(Received 2.30 p. m.)

Major RAYMOND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The men who committed the theft at Ashtown are undoubtedly portion of a band of twenty or thirty marauders who in fast Montgomery County and did not cross the Potomac at any ford for the purpose. The trouble which exists in finding them is large forests to hide in and plenty of secesh citizens to harbor and feed them. Have had parties, under charge of energetic officers, making night marches and searching forests. They have discovered several places of rendezvous; and if citizens would give information, I could soon hunt the band, an will try it anyway. The cavalry at Rockville are much the nearest Sandy Spring; that officers does not report to me, and I don't know asti is intended he should.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. WAITE,

Major, &amp;c.

ALEXANDRIA, September 10, 1864.

(Received 1.30 p. m.)

Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: We have information from two or three sources this morning that there are about 300 rebel cavalry in the vicinity of Fairfax Station. These men belong to the Sixth Virginia and Seventeenth Virginia; they are Mosby's men. I have sent out what cavalry I have to look after them.

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

