
the same direction, and that it was understood in the city that they were sent for the purpose of bringing Early back. There was very sharp picket-firing last night along the Bermuda front. General Graham was told by a rebel picket to-day that the enemy tried to attack this line last night, but that his men would not come up, and that the attack was deferred until to-night; also that Lee intended to evacuate Petersburg to-night.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., November 18, 1864-11 a. m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Kernstown, Va.:

The following is sent for your information: Scouts who left Richmond yesterday afternoon state that the day before all the transportation that could be spared from other railroads was put on the Central and sent north; that wagon trains were also sent in that direction, and that it was understood in the city that these preparations were made for the return of Early's forces. Are there any indications in your front confirmatory of this?

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, D. C., November 18, 1864.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Newtown, Va.:

Your dispatch of yesterday is received. Scouts have been directed to go out to-morrow morning and use every effort to obtain information from Gordonsville and vicinity. They will be kept active.

GEO. K. LEET,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KERNSTOWN, VA., November 18, 1864-10.30 a. m.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The reported crossing of a few guerrillas at Hagerstown a few days ago, I believe, was gotten up to get troops ordered to Hagerstown, and I am half inclined to think that General Sullivan, now there, has lent himself to this base purpose. If there are any guerrillas about Hagerstown I think they are our own men. I will, however, send the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, now at the Dismounted Camp, to Hagerstown. I have sent two companies of this regiment to Carlisle Barracks.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

41 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

