
Martinsburg, taking with them such unserviceable horses as may be selected from your division. Please send to these headquarters immediately the name of the regiment you wish sent, that the necessary order may be published.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 18, 1864.

Brevet Brigadier-General DUVAL,

Commanding Army of West Virginia:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that your detail a brigade to escort the train to Martinsburg. They will start as early this p. m. as they can get ready. Please direct the commanding officer to report here at once for instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA,November 18, 1864.

Colonel R. B. HAYES,

Commanding Second Infantry Division:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you detail from your command one brigade to escort the train to Martinsburg. They will start this p. m. as soon as they can get ready. The commanding officer of the brigade will report at headquarters Middle Military Division at once for instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McKINLEY, JR.,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Martinsburg, Va., November 18, 1864.

Lieutenant S. F. ADAMS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Military District of Harper's Ferry:

LIEUTENANT: There come frequent complaints from Shepherdstown, reporting Gilmor's men in that section, committing depredations, stealing horses, &c. I sent out a detachment of cavalry day before yesterday, but found nothing. Two men by name of Thompson report a man by the name of Daniel S. Rentch, who has a store and factory, that he sells gray cloth to rebels. I shall attend to Mr. Rentch's case as soon as it is possible. These Messrs. Thompson also report that rebels go from the Valley and other places into Maryland, buy goods without permits, and bring them across the river at Shepherdstown. This, if true, cannot well be obviated without troops at that point. I therefore respectfully refer the case for the considerations of the general commanding. For the present I am compelled to use all my cavalry to

