
NEW YORK, November 18, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

The Eighth and Eleventh U. S. Infantry were about to embark when I received your dispatch of this morning. They have together 600 men. As the transportation was provided I thought best not to separate them, and I have ordered them both to report to General Wallace at Baltimore. The steamer will touch at Fort Monroe. The Fourteenth Infantry, aggregate 375 men, was to embark to-morrow for City Point. I detain it for your orders. I can spare it.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

BURLINGTON, N. J., November 19, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-Genera SHERIDAN,

Newtown, Va.:

It is reported from Richmond that Early has been recalled from the Valley. If you are satisfied this is so send the Sixth Corps to City Point without delay. If your cavalry can cut the Virginia Central road now is the time to do it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, No. 289. November 19, 1864.

* * * * *

6. The following-named regiments are relieved from all duties and posts not defined in this order, and will constitute a separate brigade, with headquarters at Fairfax Court-House, to be commanded temporarily by Colonel William Gamble, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, viz: Fifth Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, Two hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, and Sixteenth New York Cavalry. The line to be held and occupied by the brigade will be the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, commencing at Springfield Station, inclusive; thence to Fairfax Station, Fairfax Court-House, and Prospect Hill, via Vienna. The distribution of the troops will bee as follows: the Two hundred and second to hold the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, headquarters at Fairfax Station; the Fifth Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery to hold the line from the station to Prospect Hill, inclusive, headquarters at Vienna; Thirteenth New York Cavalry, with headquarters at Prospect Hill, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, with headquarters at Vienna; Eighth Illinois Cavalry, with headquarters at Fairfax Court-House. The interior posts of Annandale and Falls Church will be occupied, the first by one company from the battalion of heavy artillery at Fairfax Court-House and one company Eighth Illinois Cavalry, and the second by one company heavy artillery and one company Eighth Illinois Cavalry. With the headquarters of the Two hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers at Fairfax Station, there will be posted three companies of that regiment and one squadron of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry; at Springfield Station, one company Two hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers. Quartermaster and commissary depots will be established at

