
Vienna and Fairfax Station for the supply of the troops. On receipt of this order the brigade commander will issue such orders as will insure the movement on November 21 to the posts specified of the troops named.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Augur:

C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,November 19, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CLENDENIN:

The major-general commanding directs that on Monday, the 21st instant, you turn over the charge of the line now occupied by your command to Major Andrews, First Delaware [New Hampshire] Cavalry, and move, via Chain Bridge, to Fairfax Court-House with that portion of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry serving with you. Indicate fully to Major Andrews the duties required of him, and direct him to report daily by telegraph the condition of his line, and do not relieve the guard in charge of the telegraphic station until its place is supplied.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, November 19, 1864.

(Received 2.15 p. m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: There are not more than ten mounted men in the Home Guard, and they are at Accotink. Company D, First Michigan Cavalry, had eighty-three men for duty-five at Fort Ethan Allen, six at Fort Albany, eight on the picket-line near Mason's Hill, two at Accotink, three at this office, and remainder here. Scout goes out this p. m. below Occoquan, taking all my men, unless otherwise ordered.

Respectfully,

H. H. WELLS,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,November 19, 1864.

COMMANDING GENERALS OF DIVISION and

COMMANDER ARTILLERY BRIGADE:

General Sheridan wishes to get as accurate a statement as can be obtained of material destroyed and property taken since the army came into the Valley. This statement will include all beef-cattle, sheep, horses, mules, flour, grain, hay, either taken from the country or captured from the enemy; infantry and artillery ammunition captured; in fine, every species of property taken or destroyed as far as can be ascertained. This statement is sought with a view to computing the

