
amount of damage done in the Valley by the Army of the Shenandoah, and should be as full as possible. The major-general commanding the corps directs that this statement be prepared at once and sent to-day if possible.

C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, No. 20. November 19, 1864.

The following officers are announced as assigned to staff duty at these headquarters:

Major Will Rumsey, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Captain N. D. Badger, Eighth Ohio Voluntary Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-genera; Captain P. Pollard, chief commissary of division; Lieutenant S. C. W. Dunlevy, First Virginia Cavalry, acting chief quartermaster; Captain E. E. Hedley, Twenty-first New York Cavalry, commissary of muster; Surg. M. McEwen, acting medical director; Lieutenant Will. S. Merrill, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant G. A. Sexton, Third West Virginia Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant H. W. Fuller, First West Virginia Cavalry, ordnance officer; Lieutenant Francis Lasage, Third West Virginia Cavalry, provost-marshal; and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Brigadier-General Powell:

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 19, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER SIXTH PENNSYLVANIA:

SIR: An order has been issued for your regiment to go to Hagerstown, Md., and two companies, dismounted, to go to Carlisle Barracks. If the regiment is not mounted, two companies are directed to be mounted, to act as provost guard in and about Hagerstown. You will be in command at Hagerstown. You will camp near the town, and see that no depredations are committed by any soldiers. Officers will live in camp, and the men will be kept in camp. A great many horses are being taken from this army and Virginia by officers and men, soldiers and citizens, and sold in hagerstown. You will endeavor to break up this business. The civil inspector of horses at Hagerstown can give you some information on this subject. Arrest all officers and soldiers, cavalry, found in Hagerstown without proper permission, and send them to dismounted camp at Pleasant Valley. Report direct to these headquarters as soon as you arrive and [send] a return of the regiment, and after that the regular tri-monthly return. Communicate often as to your wants, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

