
tion of New Market. When you get to Front Royal send a strong reconnaissance to Milford; communicate with General Sheridan, at his present headquarters, as soon as possible after hearing from Milford, and he will give your orders, which may be to try and join me at Luray. Take one section of artillery with you, one wagon for division headquarters, one for each brigade headquarters, and five ambulances. Leave a good officer in charge of the remainder of your artillery, wagons, &amp;c.; park and encamp them near these headquarters. When you get on the road inform your command that no ammunition will be taken along except the sixty rounds they have on their persons, and that they must use it sparingly; also that the rations that they have with them may have to last them eight days. I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE BRIGADE,November 20, 1864.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: The railroad is now finished up to half a mile beyond the Opequon Creek. I am encamped near the creek, and continue to protect the working parties. Shall probably move to-morrow to Stephenson's Depot. Mosby has not troubled us yet. On the 18th instant Mosby had a height with a Captain Blazer, who commands an independent company of scouts, and defeated him, taking the captain and most of his men prisoners. Three of Blazer's men came into my camp. I sent them to Harper's Ferry. The fight took place near Kabletown. I suppose Mosby recrossed the river at Smither's Ford. He is reported to have had about 300 men. On the 19th instant I sent in all my dismounted men, under charge of Lieutenant Veil, to Remount Camp, and expect their return to-morrow (21st), as Major Otis wrote me that he was prepared to issue horses at once. When they return I shall send in all my unserviceable horses. I did not consider it prudent to send them all in once, as men returning with so many led horses would require a stronger escort than I could at that time have given them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CROWNISHIELD,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Massachusetts Cavalry, Comdg. Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,November 20, 1864.

Colonel PETER STAGG,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: You will have your command in readiness to march at 7 a. m. to-morrow morning, with the rations, forage, and ammunition, as provided in previous order. You will take with you one wagon for brigade headquarters; you will leave an officer in charge of the remainder of your wagons, &c., which, with your artillery, will be parked at Kernstown near Cavalry Corps headquarters. Your dismounted men

