
will remain with and guard your train. Captain Martin, commanding battery attached to your brigade, will take charge of the wagons and artillery of the First Division that may be left behind.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. S. DEVIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,November 20, 1864.

Colonel ALFRED FIBBS,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: You will have your command in redlines to move at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning, with the rations, forage, and ammunition designated in previous order, you will draw in all your pickets at 6 p. m. The rifles section of Fitzhugh's battery will march with the division; the other section will report to Captain Martin. You will take with you one wagon for brigade headquarters. The remainder of your wagons will be parked with those of First Brigade,a t Kenstown, near Cavalry headquarters. If you have any dismounted men, they will remain with and guard your train, which you will leave in charge of an officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. DEVIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

November 20, 1864.

Major Russell,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Cavalry:

MAJOR: I beg leave to call your attention to the fact that there is now no battery serving with this division. If movement is in contemplation, I would be glad to have a battery temporarily assigned to the division.

Respectfully,

W. H. POWELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Camp Russell, November 20, 1864.

The division will move to-morrow at 7 a. m., the Second Brigade in advance. The First Brigade will march two squadrons in rear of the train. One wagon will be allowed to brigade headquarters; all other wagons will be sent to these headquarters in charge of an officer, who will report to Captain Badger, acting assistant inspector-general. All really unserviceable horses will be left the wagons. They will be sent to Captain badger at 6 a. m. to-morrow for inspection. Twelve pounds of forage will be carried on each horse. All rations on hand will be issued to the men before morning.

By orders of Brigadier-General Powell:

WILL RUMSEY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

