
to Major R. i. Dodge, u. S. Army, chief mustering officer, western Division of Pennsylvania, to be mustered out of service. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation by railroad.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KERNSTOWN, VA., November 21, 1864-9 a. m.

(received 8.30 p. m.)

Brigadier General JOHN A. REWLINS,

Chief of Staff, City Point, Va.:

I have not any positive information. Reports are very conflicting. It was reported to me on the 17th that Early's whole army moved from New Market to Staunton. On the 18th I heard that only one division moved (Breckinridge's old division, command by Wharton), and it moved to East Tennessee. On the 18th I received a letter from Early at New Market. Yesterday I heard that Early's army was moving to Richmond; then again I heard that he was going to Staunton to go into winter quarters. None of my scouts sent out have returned; they must have been captured. I move out this morning all the cavalry, an will be able to ascertain definitely. Kershaw's division, I think, is not more that 5,-000 strong. It must have made very fast time to have gotten to Richmond. It was at Middletown on the 12th, and left that place on the night of the 12th. From Middletown to Staunton is seventy-seven miles, which it had to march. My impression is that Early has gone to Staunton, and will probably go to Richmond with a portion of his troops. If such is the case I will move the Sixth Corps as rapidly as possible. I would like to be a little more certain that I am at present I send it off.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 21, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

General Grant's telegram of last evening in regard to the Sixth Corps has been forwarded to you.* Please communicate your views on the subject, as General is expected here to-morrow.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

KERNSTOWN, VA., November 21, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

All of the cavalry is now put to determine what amount of force has gone in the direction of Richmond from this Valley, and to strike the Central road if practicable. I will send the Sixth Corps, but would like to hold on until the morning of the 23rd. I will also send a division

---------------

* See November 20, 9.30 p. m., p. 648.

---------------

