
CUMBERLAND, November 21, 1864.

Colonel N. WILKINSON,

Clarksburg, W. Va.:

Orders were issued on the 14th instant for the Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania to move to Green Spring Run. Please place them en route for that point at once direct the commanding officer to report at these headquarters for instructions. A copy of the order will be sent you to-day.

By order of Brevet Major-General Kelle:

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, November 21, 1864-1.45 p. m.

General Townsend,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I hope the permission, given by Honorable Mr. Dana, Assistant Secretary of War, to the secessionists of Baltimore to feast the rebel prisoners in hospital will be withdrawn. I was not consulted. Had I been I would have object to the making such a request. The permission will be constructed as a license to make manifest once more the disloyalty, now completely cowed, in this city. I beg the sleeping fiend may be let alone.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 21, 1864.

Major General L. WALLACE, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Middle Department, Baltimore, Md.:

Your dispatch in relation to feast to rebel prisoners has been shown to the Secretary of Was. The request which was granted was that Union Laidies' Committee might be authorized to receive contributions for rebel prisoners, as well as for our own men, all to be distribute by the Union Communicate. No political demonstration was contemplated, and it is within your power to stop anything which would lead to such demonstration. The Secretary sees no objection to supplies for Thanks-given being received and distributed to rebel prisoners by our Union Communicate, provided our own mann received an equal share of all the contributions with other prisoners. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, November 21, 1864.

Captain OLIVET MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New York City:

A thanksgiving dinner has been provided for the soldier at each of the hospitals here. The ladies are also making arrangements to contribute additional supplies. Therefore, those so kindly offered by their New York friends will not be needed.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

41 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

