
CITY POINT, VA., November 22, 1864-10 a. m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Kernstown:

General Butler reports that Kershaw's division has come into his front, and that deserters report that another division of Early's command is coming. The latter he does not believe. Deserters who came into General Meade's front state that it was reported in Petersburg that Early's command was returning to Richmond.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

KERNSTOWN, VA., November 22, 1864-11 a. m.

(received 11.30 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram received.* I sent Torbert up the main valley yesterday, to reach New Market, if possible; them to cross over into Luray Valley, an to operate on the east side of the Blue Ridge. At the same time I sent two brigades to Front Royal to join Torbert at Milford. A reconnaissance sent to Milford yesterday found Lomax's cavalry division holding the pass. These operations of Torbert should develop the true state of affairs. The majority of the reports that I get are to the effect that troops have been sent to Richmond, in what number is not known, nor have they been seen by me. My scouts must have all been captured. I should hear from Torbert to-day, and have thought it best not to sent the Sixth Corps until my information it positive.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

KERNSTOWN, VA., November 2, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 8.20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have not heard from the cavalry yet. My information from other sources up to 6 o'clock this evening is that the only force that has gone to Richmond is Kershaw's division, and that the rebel army is encamped south of New Market. There is no doubt but that this is the actual condition of affairs up to the night of the 19th instant. I have some anxiety my cavalry sent no New Market, lest they should not find out the trued state of affairs. Kershaw's division cannot exceed 5,000, and it is extremely doubtful if it numbers 4,000. All of Kerner's [?] division here has been very much increased by the new levies. I hope hear from my cavalry to-night.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

