
GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE, No. 1. Fairfax Court-House, Va., November 22, 1864.

I. Pursuant to Special Orders, No. 289, dated headquarters Department of Washington, Twenty-second Army Corps, Washington, D. c., November 19, 1864, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this brigade. Immediately upon receipt of this order the commanding officers of regiments will forwarded to these headquarters a complete roster of the officer so if their commands, giving name, rank, regiment dates of commission, and muster into service. Tri-monthly reports will be sent to these headquarters promptly on the 9th, 19th, and 29th of each month, and a monthly return on the 29th of each month.

II. The following are announced as a portion of the staff of the colonel commanding: Captain C. I. Wickersham, Assistant adjutant-general; Captain h. C. Lawrence, assistant quartermaster; Surg. A. Hard, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, surgeon-in-chief; First Lieutenant george R. Maguire, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, provost-marshal; Second Lieutenant Henry A. Persons, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, aide-de-camp.

WM. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Russell, November 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division:

COLONEL: Reports come to me from various sources that there are a large number of men at the convalescent and other similar camps in the vicinity of Washington and Alexandria belonging to this corps, embracing volunteers, conscripts, substitutes, and convalescents, who are in condition for the field. There seems to be some influence at work which holds back such men, and I therefore take the liberty of suggesting, in case these camps are under the control of the major-general commanding, that a commission of, say, three officers, be sent, with authority to inspect those camps, and send back all such men to their regiments. In case the camps are not within this command I would recommend that the inspection, as far as relates to the Sixth Corps, be made by officers belonging to it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 12. Camp Russell, November 22, 1864.

The following-named regiments are hereby authorized to inscriber upon their colors the names of the engagements set opposite their respective names in which they bore a distinguished part:

Thirteenth, Fifteenth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirtieth Maine Volunteers-Dabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.; One hundred and fourteenth, One hundred and sixteenth, One hundred and fifty-third, One hundred and sixteenth, One hundred and sixty-second, One hundred and sixty-fifth, and One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane Rier Crossing,

