
La; Forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.; Thirty-eight Massachusetts, Thirteenth Connecticut, and One hundred and twenty-eight New York Volunteers-Cane River Crossing, la.

By command of Brevet Major-General Emory:

PETER FRENCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADIER, FIRST DIV., 19 ARMY CORPS,Camp Russell, Va., November 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from your headquarters, dated November 21, 1864, I left Camp Russell,

Va., on that day and proceeded with my command to Middletown, Va., and encamped immediately south of that place, occupying the town. I remain there until 12 m. November 22, when, in compliance with verbal orders, transmitted me thought Lieutenant Phinney, of your staff, I returned to Camp Russell, Va., and reoccupied my former position. No indication of the present of the enemy were perceived by me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. FESSENDEN,

Brigadier-General.

EDENBURG, VA., November 22, 1864-5 p. m.

General SHERIDAN:

After my dispatch of 11 a.m. I drove the enemy's cavalry in perfect rout to Rude's Hill, Powell in advance. Here he developed a strong force. After forming Cunter I advance again, when he immediately withdrew his cavalry from my front and sent it around on my right, and advanced against me with two division of infantry and artillery. I them withdrew. Shall come back to-night as far as Woodstock. Have taken about fifteen prisoners. I am satisfied nothing has been sent away but Kershaw's division.

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 22, 1864.

Brevet Brigadier-General DEWIN,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I have just heard from Torbert. None of the enemy had left up to the evening of the 19th, excepting, perhaps, one division (Kershaw's). Be cautious in your movements, and do not advance on Milford with your main force unless your are certain General Torbert has reached there or the enemy has evacuated. General Torbert had some fighting this afternoon at Mount Jackson, but i have not yet heard the result.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

