
post at Stephenson's Depot, four miles and a half from Winchester, on the railroad, to guard and protect the public property at that point until further orders.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant -Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA,November 23, 1864.

Colonel T. M. HARRIS,

Commanding First Infantry Division:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you send one brigade from your command at daylight to-morrow morning to take post at Stephenson's Depot, four miles and a half from Winchester, on the railroad, to guard and protect the public property at that pint, until further orders. Have the commanding officer of brigade report at General Sheridan's headquarters before starting.

Respectfully,

WM. McKINLEY, JR.,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 23, 1864.

(Received 3.10 p.m.)

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

You will suspend your order to remove ordnance stores from the buildings in which they now are till further orders. You will report upon the object and necessity of the proposed charge.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., November 23, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have suspended my order as directed. The chief commissary of Major-General Sheridan's amy ordered the commissary at this post to immediately extend his bakery, so as to supply the entire army with bread. I assigned to him the only building here, in my judgments, suitable for the purpose, the walls of an old ordnance building reroofed by the quartermaster's department, and, in my judgment, not necessary for ordnance purposes. The few orders stores in the building can be stored elsewhere without prejudice to the public interests. The only trouble int eh matter is, that the lieutenant representing the Ordnance Department at this post is disposed to attach too much importance to the fact that Harper's Ferry was originally ordnance property, therefore the use of all such property can only be obtained through the Ordnance Department. In making my order I did that which, in my judgment, was best for the public service,as was the duty of the commanding officer. I send you this by telegraph, instead of writing, as a delay os a few days at this season, i building bakeries, may defeat the whole purpose of General Sheridan.

JOHN. D. STEVENSON.

Brigadier-General.

