HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,November 23, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN R. KENLY,

Commanding First Separate Brigade, Eight Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to instruct you to so dispose the cavalry force at your command as to cover the fords of the Potomas from the Point of Rocks to a portion opposite Rockville. To this end you will direct your cavalry headquarters to be established at Barnesville, under command of Captain Churchman, First Delawere Cavalry, and from that point to establish patrols and vedettes extending to Point of Rocks on the right, and to Rockville on the Left. You will give instructions to the commanding officer of the cavalry to see that his patrols are vigilant and visit each ford of the Potomac as often as possible. If the strength of the cavalry command will you will permit you will establish a cavalry picket at each ford, and relieve it as often as occasion may require of the strength and condition of your command will permit. You are respectfully informed that it is expected by the major-general commanding that you will be able, with the mounted force at your disposal, to give timely information of the approach of the enemy, if not, to successfully resist an attempt to cross the Potomac. it is information of the moments of the enemy, from a point opposite Rockville to the Point of Rocks, and you will continue this disposition of your cavalry until you discovered by actual contact with other troops belonging to the neighboring department of Washington that said line is guarded by them, in which department of Washington that said line is guarded by them, in which case you will add here to the interior line, namely, the running from Rockville to mount of Monocacy and them to Point of Ricks. You will dispose of the infantry and artillery forces at your command to the best advantage to guard the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. I your infantry sufficiently strengthened you will establish picket guards on each road leading to the Potomac. Extend your picket quite to the river, unless you came in contact with troops there stationed by the commanding officer Department of Washington, in which case you will put your pickets in communication with such troops and establish, if possible, a system of correspondence with such troops and establish, if possible, a system of correspondence with your headquarters, so that timely information can be given on the approach of the enemy. You will establish communication at once on your right with the pickets or

Patrols of General Stevenson's command, an direct the officer in command of the extreme picket-post on the right to put himself in communication with said troops, and act in concert with them, if occasion may require it. You will please make reports to headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, D. C., November 24, 1864.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Kernstown, Va.:

Scouts started out on Sunday, but finding all roads leading to our agent's bourse picketed, and being fired upon and pursued, the y were forced to return here. Others were sent out route the next day

