
(Monday) with directions to employ and send to Staunton a woman two was formally an agent with Army of Potomac, and said to be reliable And efficient. The men las sent are expected back to-day or to-morrow, and I will communicate to you immediately upon their arrival any information they may have. I will keep the men moving all the time, and give them special instructions to spare no efforts to obtain reliable information of movements of enemy thought Gordonsville during the time mentioned in your dispatch of last night.

GEO. K. LEET,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, November 24, 1864.

(Received 7.20 p. m.)

Major RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quit at Vienna and this post.

WM. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS 202ND PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Fairfax Station,. Va., November 24, 1864.

Captain CHARLES I. WICKERSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fairfax Court-House:

CAPTAIN: In accordance with your order of this instant I have the honor tho report that everything was quiet here and along my command until this morning, when a party of guerrillas showed themselves between here and Devereaux Station and attacked a truck-car, in charge of railroad men who had gone up the railroad for some iron. The men with the truck went out without notice to me, and had no guard. When fired upon they abandoned the car. I sent a squadron of cavalry out; they brought the car in, and report that the rebels burned the brigade at Devereaux and what was left of the water-thank. What the number of the rebel was could not be ascertained, but is support to have been considerable. The brigade, &amp;c., were burned about 11 a. m. Shall a duplicate report be sent to headquarters department, Washington, D. C., by telegraph, or through brigade headquarters with patrol? I have forwarded a copy of this to department headquarters by telegraph.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

CHAS. ALBRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding, &c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MID. MIL. DIV.,No, 70. November 24, 1864.

* * * * *

4. The Fifth New York Cavalry is hereby detached from duty with the Third Division, and will report at headquarters Middle Military Division at 9 a. m. on the 25th instant, relieving the Sixth United States and Fourth New York Cavalry.

By command of Brevet Major-General Torbert:

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

