
soon commence on Loudoun Country, and let them know there is a God is Israel. Mosby has annoyed me considerably, but the people are beginning to see that he does not injure me a great deal, but causes a loss to them of all that have spent their lives in accumulating. These people who live in the in the of Harper's Ferry are the most villainous in this Valley, and have not yet been hurt much. If the railroad is interfered with I will make some of them poor. These who live at home, in peace and plenty, want the duello part of this war to go on; but when have to bear their burden by ;loss of property and comforts they will cry for peace.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 95. November 26, 1864.

* * * * *

5. That portion of the Eight Ohio Cavalry now serving with the Second Division is relieved from duty with it, and will at once proceed to Beverly, or Buckhannon, Va., Joining the remainder of the regiment there.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 26, 1864.

Colonel JAMES A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: Pleas to send an order to General Augur directing a thought inspection to be made this night of all the guards at Government depots, warehouses, stables public buildings including the War Department building, and to make report thereof to me to-morrow. You will also please address a note to the chiefs of the several bureaus following; The Quartermaster's, Commissary, Ordnance, and Surgeon-General's informing them that the Department is in possession of proof of the existence of an organization to fire the public buildings and destroy public property in Washington, and calling upon them, respectfully, to exercise their utmost vigilance in safely guarding and protecting the property and buildings in their charge. You will also address an order to Colonel Ekin and to the officer in charge of public property at Giesborough to the same effect. From the different officer addressed, you will require an acknowledgment of the receipt of these orders, and the hour at which received. It may be well to directs the arrest of any person found lurking around public warehouses and stables, and not properly belonging to them, and in case of their attempting to escape to purse and capture them at all hazards. You will also direct General Augur to cause an inspection to be made of the military prisons in the District, and of their guards. If any protect or excuse is made by him, or any one else,of an insufficiency of military force, give information thereof to the Provost-Marshal-

