
CUMBERLAND, November 26, 1864.

Colonel LATHAM,

New Creek:

Great complaint is made by the people of Romney and neighborhood against the scout under command of Major Potts, which was at Romney a day or two since; they are charged with robbing the people of money watches, &amp;c. Investigate the matter at once; such conduct must be promptly punished.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, No. 92. New York City, November 26, 1864.

A nefarious attempt was made last night to set fire to the principal hotels and others of public resent in this city. if this attempt had succeeded it would have resulted in a frightful sacrifice of property and life. The evidence of extensive combinations and other facts disclosed to-day show it to have been the work of rebel emissaries and agents. All such persons engaged in secret acts of hostility here can only be regarded as spies, subject to martial law and to the penalty of death. If the are detected they will be immediately brought before a scour-martial, or military commission, and if convicted they will be executed without the delay of a single day.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. P. VAN BUREN,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, No. 93. New York City, November 26, 1864.

The major-general commanding the notice given by General Orders, No. 80, to all persons from the insurgent States to register their names at the headquarters of Major General John J. Peck, second in command in the department, at No. 37 Bleecker street, within twenty-four hours after their arrival in this city. If any such person fails to comply with this requirement he will be regarded as a spy and treated accordingly. Keepers of holes and boarding houses are requested to send to the same headquarters the names of all persons from the insurgent States taking lodgings with them, immediately on the arrival of such person. It is not doubted that the danger which the city has just escaped will insure a compliance with request. If any one fails to comply with it he held responsible for any evil consequences which may result from the omission.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 27, 1864.

(Received 2.20 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Please inform General Thomas and General Sheridan that it is not expected of them to give the major-generals order to report to them

