HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 27, 1864.

Brevet Major General WESLEY MERRITT,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: You are hereby directed to proceed to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock with the two brigades of your division now in camp to the east side of the Blue Ridge, Ashby's Gep, and operate against the guerrillas in the district of country bounded on the south by the line of the Manassas Gep Railroad as far east White Plains, on the east by the Bull Run range, on the west by the Shenanadoah River, and on the north by the Potomac. This section has been the hot-bed of lawless bands, who have, from time to time, depredated upon small parties on the line of army communications, on safe guards left at houses, and on all small parties of our troops. Their real object is plunder and highway robbery. To clear the country of these parties that are bringing destruction upon the innocent as well as their guilty supporters by their cowardly acts, you will consume and destroy all forage and subsistence, burn all barns and mills and their contents, and drive off all stock in the region the boundaries of which are above described. This order must be literally executed, bearing in mind, however, that no dwellings are to be burned and that no personal violence be offered to the citizens. The ultimate results of the guerrilla system of warfare is the total destruction of all private rights in the country occupied by such parties. This destruction may as well commence at once, and the responsibility of it must rest upon the authorities at Richmond, who have acknowledged the legitimacy of guerrilla bands. The injury done this army by them is very slight. The injury they have indirectly inflicted upon the people and upon the rebel army may be counted by millions. The Reserve Brigade of your division will move to Snickerville on the 29th. Snickersville should be your point of concentration, and the point from which you should operate in destroying toward the Potomac. Four days' subsistence will be taken by the command. Forage can be gathered from the country through which you pass. To will return to your present camp, via Snicker's Gap, on the fifth day.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,November 27, 1864.

COMDG. OFFICER FIRST BRIGADIER, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION:

The general commanding directs that you have your camp struck and your command in readiness to march at 7 o'clock to-marrow a. m., with atoll supply of ammunition, four day's subsistence, and fifteen pounds of grain to be carried upon each horse. No wheels will e taken, except one wagon for brigade headquarters. You artillery will be left behind, to which further orders will be given in the morning. Your dismounted men and those with actually unserviceable [horses] will be left to guard the wagons, equipage, &amp;c., which will, however, be parked and in readiness to move if ordered. A suitable officer will be detailed

