HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Leetown, September 10, 1864 - 1.05 p. m.

Major FARABEE,

First West Virginia Cavalry:

MAJOR: The general wishes you to move with your regiment to Burns' Frod, leaving your pickets out as they now are.

Respectfully,

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 10, 1864.

Governor Brough,

Columbus:

Pursuant to the President's directions I transmit to you the following executive order made by him in acknowledgment of the services of the 100-days' men, who at the opening of the spring campaign volunteered their aid in the operations of General Grant. The certificates of service mentioned in the order will be prepared without delay and transmitted to the officers and soldiers and soldiers entitled to them.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

Special Executive Order returning thanks to the Ohio Volunteers for 100 days.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington City, September 10, 1864.

The term of 100 days for which the National Guard of Ohio Volunteered having expired, the President directs an official acknowledgment to be made of their patriotic and valuable services during the recent campaigns. The term of services of their enlistment was short, but distinguished by memorable events. In the Valley of the Shenandoah, on the Peninsula, in the operations on the James River, around Petersburg and Richmond, in the battle of Monocacy, and in the entrenchments of Washington, and in other important service, the National Guard of Ohio performed with alacrity the duty of patriotic volunteers, for which they are entitled to and are hereby tendered, through the Governor of their State, their national thanks.

The Secretary of War is directed to transmit a copy of this order to the Governor of Ohio, and to cause a certificate of their honorable service to be delivered to the officers and soldiers of the Ohio National Guard who recently served in the military force if the United States as volunteers for 100 days.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 211. Chambersburg, Pa., September 10, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. The detachment of the Fiftieth Company, Second Battalion, Veteran Reserve Corps, at Easton, Pa., will be relieved from duty at that

