
their respective stations, retain in their custody all baggage, except that of officers and soldier in the service of the United States, and all freight arriving, until they can carefully inspect the same, to see that the baggage contains no contraband articles and that the freight has been properly permitted, in accordance with Treasury regulations and existing orders.

All contraband articles will be seized and turned over to the post quartermaster at Harper's ferry, for the use and benefit of the Government the United States. No person residing south of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, between Harlep's Ferry and the month of the Monocacy, will be permitted to pass thought the lines, except such as have passes from either headquarters of the Middle Military Division, headquarters Department of West Virginia, headquarters Military District of Harper's Ferry, or headquarters Post of Martinsburg.

Loyal persons residing south of the lines will be permitted, upon the passes of local provost-marshals, to enter their several posts to purchase family supplies, under existing orders, the pass in no case to be for a longer period than six hours, nor will they grant such passes to such same person ofter than twice in the same month. Disloyal persons will not be permitted to pass the lines upon any pretext upon marshal's passes.

No persons will be permitted to enter any trains at the military posts in this district without proper passes authorized them to travel on the same.

All person arriving at a military post, not being in the service of the United States, or residents thereof, shall within one hour thereafter report in person to the provost-marshall and register their names, state their business, and the houses at which they temporarily stop. All failing to do so will be arrested as suspicious characters and dealt with accordingly.

No persons, except those in the military service of the United States, or residents, will be permitted to remain at point of Rocks, Berlin, Sandy Hook, Harper's Ferry, Duffield's, Kearneysville, or Martinsburg, without a paper permit front he commanding officer of the post.

The several provost-marshal and commanding officers of the district will be held responsible for the prompt execution of this order.

By order of Brigadier-General Stevenson:

S. F. ADAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 27, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General CROOK,

Kernstown:

Colonel Fleming, with a detachment of the Sixth Virginia Cavalry, was defeated to-day near Moorefield and badly whipped. Major Potts, with 150 men, has gone to strike the road between Moorefield and Wardensville. These expeditions were sent out after McNeill's and Harness' forces, but appears that they have been re-enforced by Rosser, who is reported in command. I have great apprehension for the safety of Major Potts' command. Please send a cavalry force toward Moorefield at once,as it may be the intention of Rosser to attack this place or New Creek. Will keep you advised. Please answer.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

