HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,November 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Military Division:

COLONEL: In compliance with circular of date I have the honor to forward the following field return:

Command.	 Present	 Present for	 Aggregate.

 for duty.	 duty.

 Officers.	 Men.

First Division.	 90	 2,194	 2,284

Second Division.	 152	 3,846	 3,998

Third Division.	 129	 3,808	 3,937

Artillery Brigade.	 10	 554	 564

Total.	 381	 10,402	 10,783

Third Brigade, First Division, absent, escorting supply train to and from Martinsburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WHIRHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,November 28, 1864.

Colonel STAGG:

You will detail two regiments to march to-morrow morning at daylight, one on the crest of the mountains, the other along the footer to Paris. These regiments will, when practicable, keep up communication with each other by a line of mounted men, who will pay particular attention to securing the stock which is said to be secreted on the mountains. Both regiments will carry out previous orders in regard to destroying, &amp;c. Send two other regiments at the same time to Millville, and, if possible, to Middleburg, for the purpose of completing unfinished work in that country, as wells to destroy a quantity of rebel government pork said to be secreted at or near Milleville. The commanding officers of these regiments will use their best endeavors to discover any work remaining unfinished and give the finishing strike. All four regiments will concentrate near Philomont in the afternoon, and by patrols and pickets watch the mouth of London Valley along the pike from this place to Middleburg, securing all stock left behind and any that is being driven away, before the return march of General Devin. They will remain on this duty until the return of General Devin, provided he returns by 4 p. m.; if not, they will march to camp. Let them use every exertion to kill or capture any guerrillas that may be seen, by decoying them into ambush or in some way.

By command, &c.:

A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

