
[CHAP. LV. OPERATIONS IN N. VA., W. VA., AND PA.

HARPER'S FERRY, November 28, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

Message received all right. Troops ordered at once as directed. From Lightburn's last telegram they are now en route for Cumberland.

Respectfully,

J. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

HERPER'S FERRY, November 28, 1864.

Major-General Sheridan:

Mosby is lying with his command to-night in neighborhood of Hamilton, and between there and Waterford. If Snicker's Gap could be occupied I will send Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry to Gregory's Gap and Hillsboroug crossing, and hold Keyes' Gap with infantry, so that Merritt might use up the concern. Their only chance of escape would be by Leesburg. Or course Merritt should be notified. If this programme suits you I will carry it out. My information in regard to Mosby's command is reliable.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 28, 1864-10.17 p. m.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

Snicker's Gap will be occupied early top-morrow morning, and Merritt will be notified to-night. Go on with your programe.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIST. OF HARPER'S FERRY, No. 103. Harper's Ferry, November 28, 1864.

* * * *

11. Colonel Pierce will move promptly at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning with his regiment, every man with sixty rounds of ammunition, two day's rations and forage, so as to occupy Gregory's Gap and the Hillsborough crossing of the Blue Ridge by daylight to-morrow morning. Send out picket along the top of the mountain to cover the mountain paths; cross Shenandoah River at Kabletown. This part of a combined movement must not fail. Snikler's Gap and Keyes' Gap will be occupied by other troops. There will beg grand drive for Mosby on east side of ridge, and he must not be permitted to escape by either Gregory's Gap or Hillsborough road crossing. Connect your command with pickets along the top of the mountain from Gregory's Gap to Hillsborough road. The command will remain at these gaps until Thursday morning order to return to camp sooner. A proper camp guard will be left in the camp at Charlestown.

12. Colonel Peale will move at daylight to-morrow morning promptly with 350 men of his command, to harper's Ferry, each man to have forty rounds of ammunition and two days' rations, leaving the balance

