
of his command as camp guard. These men are to be used as part of a combined movement to catch Mosby, and therefore there must be no failure to be on prompt time. By order of Brigadier-General Stevenson:

S. F. ADAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., November 28, 1864.

Colonel L. B. PIERCE,

Comdg. Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Charlestown, W. Va.:

COLONEL: I send you an order which I except to be promptly executed.* I also send a map of the country, with the points you are to occupy on the mountain so as to efficiently hold the passes. Return the map as soon as you are through with it. Your promptness will, perhaps, secure the success of the movement, or your failure defeat it, so that I expect you to be on hand as directed. You can use jour picket at Keyes' Ford, leaving ten men to watch the crossing.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN F. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

POINT OF ROCKS, November 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. STEVENSON:

I have been in London four miles. Mosby is in command. His force is scattered in squads from 25 to 1`50. About 100 turned off at Hamilton toward Fauquier Country; the balance came this way in detachments. Lieutenant Graham, of Keyes' cavalry, with thirty-four men, went out this morning at 6 o'clock beyond Leesburg and captured the assistant adjutant-general of General Gordon and one private. Returning he met the enemy at Goresville in force. Graham's command was cut in the center certain, were driven within two miles of this place, and Lieutenant Graham captured; the other made for Leesburg, with Lieutenant Rhodes; these have not been heard from. But sixteen of command have come in; what has become of the remainder is unknown. Mosby has returned toward Hamilton, and will in all probability remain there for the night. A force of 200 cavalry from month of Monocany, fourteen miles from Hamilton, and an equal force from Harper's Ferry, eighteen miles from there, could use it Mosby's command. I can send Keyes to Monocacy to pilot the 200 stationed there to Hamilton. Captain Keyes has twenty-five men for duty.

D. HENRY BURTENETE,

Captain, &amp;c.

POINT OF ROCKS, November 28, 18654.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my first squad, consisting of thirty-four men, that I sent out this morning between 5 and 6 o'clock,

---------------

* See next, ante.

44 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

---------------

