
place and proceed without delay to Harrisonburg, pa., and report to Captain R. I. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding the post, for duty. the quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR BERRYVILLE, September 11, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch received. I have nothing important to report. Early still holds his position on west bank of Opequon Creek, near Jordan Springs. It is exceedingly difficult to attack him in this position. The Opequon Creek is a very formidable barrier; there are various crossings, but all difficult; the banks are formidable. I have through it best to remain on the defensive until he detaches, unless the chances are in my favor. The troops here are in fine spirits; some of them, however, have not seen any hard fighting and some of them are not entirely reliable. There is no interest suffering here except the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and I will divide my forces to protect it. We have exterminated 3 officers and 27 men of Mosby's gang in the last twelve days. The enemy have lost in the various little combats which we have had with them, according to their own accounts, over 3,000 men. Our own losses will not exceed 900. I have had some increase from Crook's convalescents, but as yet but few recruits; yesterday and to-day about ninety came in all. The newspaper accounts about loss of ambulances, &amp;c., are erroneous. only one ambulance was lost and thirteen horses; same day the bushwhackers replaced the horses from captures from Mosby's men. We have had heavy rains for last few days. Potomac is not now fordable.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

MUDDY BRANCH, September 11, 1864 - 6 p. m.

(Received 8.30 p. m.)

Major C. H. RAYMOND:

MAJOR: A few scattering rebels made their appearance opposite my line at Edwards' and Conrad's Ferries this morning. Everything quiet except occasionally a man gets fired upon by bushwhackers.

Respectfully,

JNO. M. WAITE,

Major, &c.

ALEXANDRIA, September 11, 1864.

(Received 9.40 p. m.)

Colonel TAYLOR, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The party sent out yesterday to look after the rebel cavalry said to be in the vicinity of Fairfax Station have returned. They report nothing in that vicinity. They captured two of the Second Virginia Cavalry, who had been sent in to mount themselves.

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

