
CUMBERLAND, November 28, 1864 p. m.

Major-General CROOK,

Kernstown:

I have nothing definite from New Creek more than the post was captured as I reported to you. Piedmont, with all the valuable machinery of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, is undoubtedly burnt. If Risser attacks me it will be to-morrow morning as he cannot remain long on the line of railroad. He has captured a large amount of property, several hundred horses, wagons, ambulances, &amp;c., also the battery of the First Illinois Light Artillery. The enemy will unquestionably retreat by way of Brock's Gap, or he may possibly go up the South Branch Valley to Franklin, in Pendleton Country, apprehending that your cavalry may be send to cut him off. The First Virginia Infantry has just arrived from below. I will fight Rosser to the last if he attacks me.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 28, 1864.

Brevet Major-General KELLEY,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cumberland:

In your telegram to Major-General Crook this evening referred to me, you state "that you intend to fight Rosser to the last is he attacks you." I give you no credit for this remark, as I expect you to do so.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, November 28, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Headquarters Middle Military Division:

Your telegram, referring to mine of this date to Major-General Crook, just received. I certainly do not expect or claim any particular credit for the remark. My only object in making it was to advise my superior officer that, notwithstanding the small force at my command, I would defend the town and public property to the of my ability. This I deemed proper and respectful, and I exceedingly regret you do not so regard it.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 28, 1864, (Received Cumberland 7.30 p. m.29th.)

Brevet Major-General KELLEY:

Troops at Martinsburg have a been sent to you and a division of cavalry to Moorefield. The accumulation of any large amount of stores and wagons at New Creek was stupidity on the part of the officer who is responsible. The capture of New Creek can only be attributed to the cowardice of the officers in command.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

