
Valley. The raid on New Creek diminishes in importance the more we learn. I respectfully present the names of Brevet Major-General Kelley for being exceedingly cautious when there is no danger and not remarkably so when there is.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 29, 1864-7 p. m. (Received 8.10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to forward you the latest news from New Creek. The force at New Creek was sufficient, but I regret their inefficiency on account of their officers. The men are always good if they are only properly officered.

CUMBERLAND, November 29, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Major-General CROOK:

The damage to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at New Creek and at Piedmont is much less than was at first represented. The bridge and track are all safe; only one of the machine-shops burned at Piedmont. I send you copy of telegram just received from Captain Fisher. All concur in giving him and his detachment great credit from their gallantry.

"PIEDMONT, November 29, 1864.

" Major-General KELLEY:

"The enemy, under Rosses, surprised and captured New Creek Yesterday, and destroyed everything. They sent about 300 of their force up there. I fought them three hours when they retreated up the Elk Garden road. They only succeeded in burning one of the round-house of the shop.

"JNO. FISHER,

"Captain."

It is impossible to report the number of prisoners yet, as many of our men are in the mountains, having stampeded, as reported, at the approach the enemy. I think, however, the captures will be about 300. The rebels only took away two guns, and did not injure the others or below up the magazine. I would gone to New Creek myself this a. m., but, after hearing the report of the enemy being at Frankfort, I deemed it best to stay here, fearing they intended a movement on this place. The loss of commissary stores will not exceed $10,000, and the quartermaster's property is also much less than at first believed to be. Two hundred and ninety of Captain Harrison's horses, which were soon to be sold, were captured. I will forwarded you full reports as soon as I can get them from the commissary and quartermaster.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 29, 1864.

JOHN. W. GARRETT, Esq.,

Baltimore:

I have just received your telegram of yesterday evening. General Sheridan must determine the measures to be adopted for meeting the present movements of the enemy on your line. His attention is directed to the subject.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

