
BALTIMORE, MD., November 29, 1864-12.40 p. m.

(Received 1.30 p. m.)

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Kernstown, Va.:

Your dispatch from Kernstown of yesterday only received this morning. I have conferred fully with our officers as to the best arrangements to be made to accomplish the object desired. We can furnish the transportation, but our engines are too heady for the trestling and brigades upon the Winchester road. Your are aware the United States military railway officers are working the road from Harper's Ferry to Winchester, and they have sufficient engines of the proper weight for the service required. The best plan, therefore, will be for our company to deliver the cars to them at Harper's Ferry, and they work them to Stephenson's Depot and return them with the troops. In order to facilitate necessary arrangements I will send our supervisor of trains, Mr. Mantz to confer with the officers of the Winchester road and attend promptly to all details. Please advise if we shall at once forwarded the preparations. With the effective co-operative co-operation to be anticipated from the officers of the Winchester road both movements can be made promptly as desired.

JNO. W. GARRETT,

President.

[NOVEMBER 29,] 1864.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN:

I did oft receive your dispatches of last night until this morning. I presume you have received the full answers which I have forwarded.

I await your further advices.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 29, 1864.

J. W. GARRETT, Esq.,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Baltimore:

SIR: The following dispatch has just been received from General Kelley, and is sent you for your information:

CUMBERLAND, November 29, 1864.

Major-General CROOK;

Iron-clads at New Creek. Rebels all return. Bridge 21 and New Creek brigade safe; one small culvert destroyed. Road will be open and cars running to-morrow. Troops arrived from Martinsburg at 11 a. m. Have sent one train of troops to New Creek, the other back to Patterson's Creek Station, as the enemy are reported at Frankfort, on Patterson's Creek.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

You can commence running your trains on the road.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

