
rillas crossed the river near Conrad's Ferry at 6 a. m. and succeeded in capturing some horses from a canal-boat, but were driven away by the picket, and they escaped across the river. Otherwise all quiet.

J. F. ANDREWS,

Major, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE, No. 3. Fairfax Court-House, November 29, 1864.

I. In compliance with instructions from department headquarters 800 cavalry, under Colonel Sweitzer, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, will proceed to-morrow morning, via Leesburg and Snicker's Gap, to report to General Merritt at Snickersville. They will take five days' rations and as much forage as necessary. They must procure corn from the country.

II. Colonel Sweitzer will take all the available men of his regiment, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, and the balance of the 800 will be furnished by the commanding officer of the Thirteenth New York Cavalry from his regiment.

III. Colonel Gansevoort, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, will remain in command at Prospect Hill.

By order of Colonel William Gamble:

H. A. PEARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADIER, FIRST DIV., 6TH A. C.,

November 29, 1864.

In taking leave of the gallant brigade which I have had the honor so long to command, I cannot refrain from expressing the affection and regard I feel for those associated. I thank every one of you for the kindness and courtesy which has ever been obeyed. Your record is one of honor, and I shall ever with pride claim association with the Second Brigade. The distinguished part born by you in the battles of Gaines' Mill, Rappahannock Station, Spotsylvania, Cold Harbor, Winchester, Fisher's Hill, Cedar Creek, and many others, has made for you a history second to no brigade in the army. But above this is the proud satisfaction of having voluntarily periled your lives in defense of the noblest Government on earth; by your valor helped to place its gall first among nations. Many of you cannot reap the immediate reward of your services; but the time is fast approaching when to have participated in your glorious battles will entitle you to the highest respect among men. Let your future history rival the past in valor and devotion. I leave you in brave hands, and part from you with sincere regret.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[NOVEMBER 29, 1864.]

General MERRITT,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I am at Purcellville with from 1,500 to 2,000 cattle and sheep. We have to travel slow, and I have concluded to go on to

