
Snickersville instead of Philmont, as it will save some miles. I think I can get in by 4 p. m. The work has been very thoroughly done. The Reserve Brigade joined me this a. m.

Respectfully,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,November 29, 1864.

Colonel STAGG:

You will encamp to-night at Philomont. At daylight in the morning march with your brigade via Circleville Post-Office, Hamilton, and Waterford, and thence along the Catoctin Creek to the Potomac, and sweeping around join a force from the Second and Reserve Brigades at Lovettsville. At that point march with the above-mentioned force by the turnpikes through Hillsborough and Purcellville, sweeping over all the country not taken in the advance. Carry out thoroughly the instructions already given with reference to the destructions of forage, &amp;c., and the driving away of stock. Return as far as possible toward Philomont to-morrow and report your camp to these headquarters to-morrow night. Finally, return as soon as possible to snickersville. Destroy all smugglers' boats on the Potomac, and, if possible, capture the people carrying on the illegal trade with this part of the country.

By command, &c.:

A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that before starting in the morning you wil send the stock that you have captured to-day to this point. A regiment will be sent from here in the morning to Philomont, which will afford them protection, so that no troops will be required besides the guard.

Very respectfully, &c.,

A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Philomont, November 29, 1864-10 p. m.

Major A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Two regimens of our command have arrived at this place. The remaining three regimens are between this place and New Lisbon (or Pot House) with the herd of cattle, coming this way as rapidly as possible, though it is exceedingly difficult to march with the herd in the darkness. The orders received this morning have been effectually carried out.

Very respectfully, yours,

P. STAGG,

Colonel, Commanding.

