HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,November 29, 1864.

Colonel KELLOGG:

You will march your own regiment and the Second Massachusetts, which will be ordered to report to you, at daylight in the morning, from Snickersville via Wood Grove to Cavehead, on the Potomac, and thence by the river road to Lovettsville. The First Brigade will join you at Levettsville, whence you will return, via the Hillsborough and Purcellville pike, to Philomont, and finally to this place, carrying out the work in all the country not before swept. In marching toward the Potomac carry out the orders already give in reference to destroying force, &amp;c., and driving off stock between the Blue Ridge on the west and the smaller range of mountains on the east. At the Potomac destroy all smugglers' boas, and capture, if possible, the smugglers. Move rapidly, but do the work thoroughly. The First Brigade and your own command will move as far as possible on the return march to-morrow.

By command, &c.:

A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TOP OF MOUNTAIN, HILLSBOROUGH CROSSING,

November 29, 1864.

Lieutenant S. R. ADAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: Herewith I send you a prisoner taken by our pickets this morning. He could give no good account of himself, nor could he find any one to own him. I wish in held until my return, and I will report more fully in his case. Special Orders, No. 103, extract II, has so far been executed as near the letter of the order as possible. We were at the mountain before sunrise, alt- hough when your messenger came to my camp it was after 3 p. m.

I am, lieutenant, very truly, your obedient servant,

L. B. PIERCE,

Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

HARPER'S FERRY, November 29, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

I have some 600 men of Crook's command, but cannot arm them for want of ordnance officer. The officer detailed for that purpose has never reported.

Respectfully,

J. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,November 29, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major General George Crook, commanding Army of West Virginia, with directions to send an ordnance officer as soon as practicable to Harper's Ferry for the within purpose.

By order of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

