
MARTINSBURG, November 29, 1864.

[General STEVENSON:]

I sent forward this morning 470 wagons loaded with supplied, with an escort of 1,050 infantry. There are 1,000 head of cattle here which I did not send, inasmuch as I had no cavalry to send with them or as flankers to the train escort. I am informed by the commissary of subsistence that it is not important that the cattle should go immediately. They can go with this brigade of the Nineteenth Army Corps unless other arrangements should be made. Nothing from the troops sent to Cumberland.

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, November 29, 1864.

Major-General CROOK:

I ordered the Twentieth Pennsylvania to return to this point. I will send them off to camp at Pleasant Valley, as General Torbert desires, as soon as they can be spared from here.

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., November 29, 1864-2 p. m.

Colonel JOHN E. WYNKOOP,

Commanding Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry, en route:

COLONEL: The enemy, under McCausland and Rosser, have attacked the force at New creek and captured the entire garrison. We expect them here. You will immediately march such portion of your command as will be effective, with sabers, pistols, or arms of any kind, back to this place, leaving your train with the non-effective on the road. This is a matter of absolute haste and requires prompt action.

By command of Major-General Crook:

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 29, 1864.

Major-General CROOK,

Kernstown:

No attack yet this a. m. The enemy were still at New Creek at 5.30 p. m. yesterday. Everything destroyed at New Creek but not much damage at Piedmont. Have sent the iron-clads to Twenty-first Bridge, and will go myself on the arrival of the troops from Martinsburg. I very much fear the affair at New Creek will turn out to be a disgraceful surprise. I admonished Colonel Latham that he would probably be attacked, and he replied that he was in readiness for it, but it is reported he was not. Will report fully on my arrival there.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

