
CUMBERLAND, November 29, 1864.

J. W. GARRETT, Esq.,

Baltimore:

My forces occupy New Creek again. Very little damage done to the railroad. Twenty-first Bridge and New Creek bridge all night. One small culvert damaged but now repaired. Captain Fisher, of the Sixth Virginia Infantry, with a detachment of his company, behaved handsomely at Piedmont; fought the enemy gallantly and saved much valuable property. I fear the affair at New Creek was a disgraceful surprise. Rebels reported this a. m at Frankfort. Have sent re-enforcement to North Branch and Patterson's Creek.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

LONACONING, November 29, 1864.

General B. F. KELLEY:

Messenger reports that rebels left Piedmont about 5 this p. m., on Elk Garden road. Main body at New Creek last accounts, supposed to be about 3,000. Force at Piedmont estimated at 100 at farthest. New Creek was entirely destroyed; but one house left standing. If anything occurs during the night will inform you. Nothing burned at Piedmont but machine-shops.

CARROLL,

Operator.

PIEDMONT, [November] 29, 1864.

(Received 7.45 p. m.)

Major-General KELLEY:

Just arrived from Altamont; lines completed through. Lieutenant-Colonel Fleming is at New Creek. Met Major Potts and his command between Swanton and Piedmont. They has twelve of Rosser's men and one lieutenant prisoners. Major Potts reports rebels all gone back. Prisoners say that Rosser had his orders to destroy New Creek and then cross back to Valley. The rear end of rebel command left New Creek about dark yesterday evening. Our men still coming in from the mountains. It is reported Rosser captured about 200 men; forts as they were; guns all spiked. Colonel Latham is at New Creek. No damage to Piedmont, except round-house,and very little to that. No rebels reported in this vicinity this p. m.

FRANK MILLER.

NEW CREEK, November 29, 1864.

Major-General KELLEY:

We are at New Creek; find all the Government buildings burned here. Captain Fisher made a stand at Piedmont. The new road-house burned and some stores robbed. No rebels reported near here. The Twenty-first Bridge and bridge here all right. One culvert near Twenty-first Bridge destroyed.

FRANK MILLER.

