
POINT OF ROCKS, November 30, 1864.

General J. D. STEVENSON:

On my arrival here yesterday I stopped all communication from this side to Loudoun County. Mosby and 250 men was seventeen miles from here going toward Upperville at 5 o'clock. Have heard from our forces near Hillsborough and east this afternoon, burning grain, &amp;c. Smoke plainly visible from here. As no harm can be done by information, have allowed communication again this p. m.

D. HENRY BURTNETE,

Captain, &c.

CUMBERLAND, November 30, 1864.

Major General GEORGE CROOK:

From necessity I ordered the First Virginia up from along the line of railroad to this place to other day. It will be necessary to keep them here for a time, as we have nothing here, and with them will only have about 250 men. The Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry leave to-morrow for Pleasant Valley, in accordance with former orders from Major-General Torbert. The enemy carried away from new Creek four guns, leaving four spiked. The spikes have ben removed. The fort is not injured and the ammunition left. Captain Fisher, at Piedmont, did splendidly and had but thirty-four men in his command, saving the greater portion of the railroad works.

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 30, 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General CROOK,

Kernstown:

I have ordered Major Potts to follow the enemy with all the available cavalry he can raise to pick up stragglers, and to communicate with the cavalry sent from the Valley. The enemy retreated by way of Greenland Gap and on the Petersburg road. I think they have gone via Franklin.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,[November 30, 1864.]

Brevet Major-General KELLEY:

I am glad you sent Major Potts after those men. The cavalry going from here has not been heard from yet. Please let me know all the particulars of Captain Fisher's defense of Piedmont.

GEO. CROOK,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 30, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major-General CROOK:

Nothing further from the enemy. Several soldiers and citizens captured at New Creek came in to-day, having escaped near Greenland Gap. Colonel Moore, with a detachment of the Eighth Ohio Cavalry,

