
arrived here this a. m., en route for Beverly. I directed him to debark at New Creek and proceed by way of the New Creek and North Fork Valley to the mount of Seneca, and thence by way of the Dry Fork of Cheat, or by way of Crab Bottom and the Staunton and Beverly pike, as he might deem most advisable on his arrival at the mouth of Seneca. By taking this route he will be able to learn the movements of the enemy if he retreated by way of Franklin, and if he contemplates any movements toward Beverly the Swamps will guide him through.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

BALTIMORE, November 30, 1864.

Major-General KELLEY:

I learn that if there had been 100 men at Piedmont the enemy could have been driven off. On the former occasion when the destruction was so very great at that point you will recollect that it was accomplished by about 100 raiders. Can you not place, say, 200 men at Piedmont so that the machinery and property there can be reliably protected? You are aware that it is a most important point to the road, at the foot of the grades, where much repairing must be done in order to work the road successfully. I understand that some twenty or thirty men succeeded in accomplishing relatively good results there on the 28th. Pray give such orders as will in future protect to the greatest practicable extent this vital railroad point.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

CUMBERLAND, November 30, 1864-5 p. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq.,

Baltimore:

I will carry out your views as far as I possibly can. I concur with you fully. All quiet to-day.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U . S. FORCES W. OF HANCOCK, MD., No. 50. Cumberland, Md., November 30, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. The battalion Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, now at Cumberland, Md., will return to Green Spring Run, and there resume its former position and duties. The quartermaster's department will furnish needed transportation.

* * * * * * *

IV. Colonel George R. Latham, Fifth West Virginia Cavalry, for permitting the garrison at New Creek, W. Va., to be surprised by the enemy on the 28th ultimo, is placed in arrest, and will proceed to Grafton, W. Va., and there await further orders.

By command of Brevet Major-General Kelley:

T. MELVIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

