
MARTINSBURG, November 30, 1864.

Brevet Major-General KELLEY:

Have you any news from the enemy? Which way have they gone? Have Colonel Rust and Colonel Cole arrived?

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 30, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General LIGHTBURN,

Martinsburg:

Enemy have retreated by way of Greenland Gap and Petersburg, and I presume will go via Franklin. Colonel Rust and Cole arrived yesterday at 10 a. m. with their commands.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 30, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Colonel LATHAM,

New Creek:

Subsistence and forage was sent you by this a. m. train. Order all the available cavalry you can raise to follow the enemy and communicate with General Powell, who is by this time at or near Moorefield with his division of cavalry.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES WEST OF HANCOCK,Cumberland, Md., November 30, 1864.

COLONEL COMMANDING EIGHTH OHIO CAVALRY,

Cumberland, Md.:

You will please proceed with the detachment of your command now at this point to Beverly, W. Va., by way of New Creek Valley, moving up the valley to mouth of Seneca, and from thence as you may elect, either by the Dry Fork of Cheat or up the North Fork Valley, to Crab Bottom, and thence by the Staunton and Beverly turnpike. The latter route is deemed the proper one by the general commanding if no serious objections thereto are found to interpose. If this one is taken Captain Boggs, commanding battalion of State militia in Pendleton County, will send with you a detachment of his command to be used as guides. It is not deemed necessary to make forced marches to be used as guides. It is not deemed necessary to make forced marches. The command, it is suggested, may ordinarily move leisurely, subsisting as much as possible off the county. The usual receipts will be given by the proper offices for forage received or taken on the route.

All this by direction of the brevet major-general commanding.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

