
CUMBERLAND, December 1, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General CROOK:

Kernstown:

Nothing new from the enemy this a. m. Many of our men are escaping and coming in. I have placed Colonel Latham in arrest, and send him to Grafton to await the convening of the court-martial.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, December 1, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major-General CROOK,

Kernstown:

Nothing new to-night. No news of the retreating raiders. I fear they have escaped.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

OFFICE ASSOCIATED PRESS,

Baltimore, December 1, 1864. (Received 11.45 a. m.)

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

A letter just received from Annapolis at office Baltimore American, from a paroled prisoner from Georgia, contains a statement which appears to be important in connection with the recent attempts to burn city of New York. I send you substance of the letter. It is signed "Jno. L. Ripple, Thirty-ninth Illinois Veteran Volunteers." He says when he passed through Savannah on the 19th he was informed by a professed Union citizen that we would hear of the graters city burning on record if the rebel agent succeed in the North, and that it was to come off in a very few days. The party went on to state that one Captain Montgomery, formerly of Baltimore City, who before the war was in the livery business is Baltimore, was the agent charged with the duty of firing the Northern cities. Montgomery, he said, intended to burn New York, Washington, Baltimore, and Philadelphia. He further said the rebels in Savannah were high in expectation of soon hearing of Montgomery's success, and that he was to receive a large sum of money if successful. The writer says he thought little of the statement until after his arrival he saw accounts for publication. Deeming it proper that this information should be communicated to the Government I take the liberty of sending you this dispatch.

Respectfully,

ALEXANDER FULTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 1, 1864.

Major General LEW WALLACE,

Commanding Middle Department, Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that as it has been decided by the lieutenant-general commanding that no more troops can at present be spared for the Middle Department, the Chief of Staff U. S. Army

