
able property. So far as I can learn not a shot was fired by the garrison at New Creek. I have directed General Kelley to make a detailed report, and will forward it as soon as it is received. General Merritt has not returned from Loudoun County. He is due to-night.

P. H. SHERIDAN.

HARPER'S FERRY, December 2, 1864.

(Received 10.20 a. m.)

General D. C. McCALLUM:

General Sheridan requires about six hospital cars for the purpose of transporting six and wounded from Stephenson's Depot. The cars fitted up and used as such at Alexandria have been dismantled and made into passenger-cars. Is its impossible to obtain them from other roads, or will I have some prepared at Alexandria? The demand is urgent and requires out best efforts to furnish them. I have two cars here with bunks for a party of the Construction Corps that can be used. We loaded yesterday at Stephenson's Depot about 4,000 troops and 300 horses and delivered them to Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Another demand for a like number is made for to-morrow, and our little road is taxed almost to its full working power. I find it impossible to keep any particular number of cars for use on this road until the present movement of troops is effected. Please answer about hospital cars.

J. J. MOORE.

HARPER'S FERRY, December 2, 1864.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Brigadier General D. C. McCALLUM:

The surgeon in charge of transportation of sick and wounded at this place informs me that he has already made arrangements for two hospital cars to be sent here soon as they arrive. We can, in connection with the cars I can furnish here, start a hospital train. We have to-day up to this hour, 10.30 a. m., sent ninety cars of freight to the front.

J. J. MOORE,

Chief Engineer and General Superintendent.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, December 2, 1864.

(Received 7.25 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report all quiet along the lines of my command during the past twenty-four hours.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

FAIRFAX, December 2, 1864-3.35 p. m.

(Received 5.25 p. m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

Everything is quiet along the line of my command. Two mounted rebels seen west of my camp this morning.

CHAS. ALBRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.

