
Shore is such as to require the presence, for a time at least, of the general commanding the district. General Lockwood will therefore transfer his headquarters temporarily to Cambridge, Dorchester County. General Lockwood will give particular attention to the conduct of the disloyal inhabitants, and take vigorous measures to protect loyal citizens and the colored people recently liberated. He will not hesitate to arrest persons who by threats or actions tend to disquiet or intimidate Union people and families. He will give special attention to paragraph 1 or General Order, No. 112, correct series, these headquarters, and break up the practice now prevalent of apprenticing your negroes, without the consent of their parents, to their former masters. If necessary he will not hesitate to arrest al masters who refuse liberty to such apprentices, or withhold them from their parent and keep them in custody until they consent to such liberation. In case the parents of apprentices are not able to support them, and they desire it, he will send them to Baltimore to the care of Lieutenant Colonel W. E. W. Ross, Thirty-first U. S. Colored Troops, in charge of Freeman's Bureau. He will endeavor to keep families together as far as possible, but at the same time use his influence to discourage emigration for the present and only send to Baltimore those who cannot find homes, occupation, and labor where they now are. General Lockwood will arrest Daniel Jones and Joseph Bralton, of Somerset County, and Levin D. Waters, of Princess Anne, and send them, as disaffected and dangerous men, by steamer to Fortness Monroe, to be sent across the lines into Confederate jurisdiction. General Lockwood will resort to the most enrgetic and vigorous measures to quell the growing turbulence of secessionists in the counties along the Eastern Shore generally. He will take with him to Cambridge one company of the U. S. Regulars, and retain and use the mounted men on he Eastern Shore under Lieutenant Mobray. General Lockwood will leave an acting assistant adjutant-general at his office in this city to attend to the current business.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Chambersburg, Pa., December 2, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I duly received the telegram from the Honorable E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, of yesterday's date, saying that the headquarters of this department are to be at Philadelphia, and that I may go there. In reply to his inquiry I have to state that my only reason for ordering Brigadier-General Ferry from Bedford to this place was that this position is a more important one than Bedford. It is in communication with the signal stations on the Potomac River, from Sharpsburg to Hancock, and is more central in directing the small forces in this neighborhood, and I did not think that he was required at Bedford. I shall go to Philadephia to-morrow.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. CADWALADER,

Major-General, Commanding.

