HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Chambersburg, Pa., December 2, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I am in command of the District of Philadephia, to which I was assigned by orders from the War Department of August, 1864, and that I came here is pursuance of instructions from Major-General Couch, commanding the department, to assume the command temporarily during his absence on furlough. Major-General Couch having been relieved of the command of the department, I have continued temporarily in command o it, awaiting further orders. The only officer on duty on my personal staff is Captain L. Harwood, of the One hundred and eighty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, aide-de-camp.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. CADWALADER,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

KERNSTOWN, VA., December 3, 1864.

(Received 4.15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Merritt's division, from the east side of the Blue Ridge, this morning returned. I respectfully forward the following report of his operations:

Colonel FORSYTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I respectfully report that the directions received from headquarters, in reference to the driving off of stock, burning forage, &amp;c., in Loudoun Valley, were literally complied with in the recent expedition of my division. From 5,000 to 6,000 head of cattle, including from 3,000 to 4,000 head of sheep and nearly 1,000 head of fatted hogs for the rebel Government, were driven off or destroyed. From 500 to 700 horses, including mares and colts, were also brought away. It was found next to impossible to come in contact with any guerrillas, as they avoided even the smallest portions of the command. By stratagem and hard racing between thirty and forty of these men were killed or captured. The above estimates are merely approximate, rather under than over the actual figures. I can furnish no positive report of the number of mills, barns, or quantity of forage destroyed; but the money value of damage done may be estimated by millions. A forage depot of the guerrillas was destroyed, where several hundred tons of hay were stored. The destruction in the valley, and in the mountains bounding it, was most complete. I will forward a detailed report soon.*

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

KERNSTOWN, VA., December 3, 1864-2 p. m.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The Third Division of the Sixth Corps left Stephenson's Depot at 12.30 p. m. to-day for Washington.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 671.

---------------

