
will cause patrols to go daily as far as Cedar Creek, and send the reports from them every evening to these headquarters. The chief of cavalry also desires me to say that you will be held responsible that the enemy does not come north of Cedar Creek, on the front specified, without timely information being sent to these headquarters. I have also to state for your information that General Merritt will send daily patrols up the Valley pike as far as Cedar Creek, and that the commanding officer of the Second Cavalry Division will patrol daily as far as the Shenandoah on the Front Royal pike.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,December 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

General Merritt reports that there is an extensive contraband trade carried on at Berlin and vicinity with the South. Will you please look to it.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, December 3, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

General Merritt is mistaken when he says there is an extensive contraband trade going on along the Potomac. There is no doubt that goods are obtained under existing regulations by disloyal people, but I do not believe to a large amount. I have had this whole matter under close surveillance, and believe all the vigilance possible is used to prevent abuses. But there is but one means, in my judgment, to accomplish that end-to close all trade stores on line of railroad and Potomac River. This I wanted to do when I first assumed command, but found the Treasury Department claimed the right to license stores in Maryland and West Virginia, and would do so whether or no, so I gave it up. An order from yourself would settle the matter, and I shall take the greatest pleasure in closing every trade shop, for I have no confidence in that loyalty that justifies trade with the common enemy under any circumstances.

Respectfully,

J. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,December 3, 1864.

General STEVENSON:

Where are the two regiments of Crook's command, at on one time at Charlestown, and afterward ordered to Martinsburg?

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

