
system was in full play in this region I myself have seen seven rebels taken with their arms whose shoes were not worn enough to erase the trade-marks of neighboring Ohio merchants. The remedy consists in driving out these pests. They are here with the assent of the rebel government, and will not be called away-they must be driven out. I am satisfied Major Witcher, of the Third West Virginia Cavalry, with his battalion could and would clear the country of rebels for 100 miles in the interior. They fear him. His former conduct here inspired them with caution in the field in which he operated, and he effected vastly more than ten times the number of troops who were strangers to the topography of the county and the peculiar characteristics of the people did or could have done. I will also add, that if the guerrillas are expelled the country the faltering indications for petroleum and the vast deposits of coal here would cause a large migration of capitalists to this region, and, blending their interests with that of the citizens, would throw on the side of Government all that large class of men who are actuated by such motives, and establish a local influence that would make the return of the guerrillas hazardous, the protection of life and property secure, for which I, with all the loyal men of this region, anxiously hope, and which if you will secure for use we will ever be, your obliged, humble servants.

H. I. SAMUELS.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., February 23, 1865.

Respectfully referred to commanding officer First Separate Brigade (Colonel Oley) for investigation and report. These papers to be returned.

By command of Brigadier-General Stevenson:

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Charleston, W. Va., March 3, 1865.

Respectfully referred to commanding officer at Guyandotte, W. Va. (Major E. B. Blundon), for investigation and report. These papers to be returned.

By order of Colonel John H. Oley:

J. M. RIFE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. DETACH. SEVENTH REGT. W. VA. CAV. VOLS.,Guyandotte, W. Va., March 5, 1865.

Respectfully returned with remark that depredations referred to were committed prior to my assignment to duty here in September last. General Scammon was captured in spring of 1864, when there were at least 1,200 men at Guyandotte, Barboursville, Mud Bridge, and Coalsmounth. There is but one organized band of guerrillas, consisting of

