
Bill Smith and fifteen or twenty men, in Wayne or Logan Counties, and no organization in Mason, Cabell, or Putman. The depredations committed by them are comparatively few contrasted with the past. No boas, either steam or trading boats, have been interfered with, nor has navigation been stopped for a moment on account of guerrillas. There are a few deserters from United States and rebel armies who have gone into the mountains so evade pursuit and capture who sometimes rob individuals of money and clothing without regard to political status. The men of this detachment are thoroughly acquainted with every road, stream, or path in this section, many of them having been raised in the counties named, which has rendered our effort very successful in capturing all the notorious rebels in this county except Smith, and we are sanguine that we shall soon rid the country of him and squad.

EDGAR B. BLUNDON,

Major Seventh Regt. West Virginia Cav. Vols., Comdg. Detach.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Charleston, W. Va., March 10, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded with the remarks that while at the time this petition was first forwarded it might have been better to have had more troops in that county it is not necessary now. That section of the country has not been so quiet during the war as now. There were thieves there before the war, and those there now are deserters from both armies. They are being rapidly captured or killed. Would refer to Major Blundon's indorsement.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel Seventh West Virginia Veteran Cavalry, Comdg. Brigade.

CITY POINT, VA., December 4, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Kernstown:

If you think it necessary to retain a division of the Sixth Corps for a few days do so.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

KERNSTOWN, VA., December 4, 1864-3 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

I would like to keep Getty's division here for a few days if it will not very much interfere with your desires. If this division remains here for a few days it gives me security, and the movement of the other two divisions forces the enemy to move one way or the other.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

