
direction. Let it also go to the Berryville crossing of the Opequon before returning. A good line for it would be first to the Opequon, thence by Salem Church to White Post, and return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,September 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHAPMAN,

Commanding Second Brigade:

Please arrangements for the capture of Captain Mobberly and such other of Mosby's gang as infest the country along the Shenandoah and beyond. Mrs. Kline, who lives two miles and a half beyond Snickersville, on the Leesburg road, will directs the troops to the house of a man named Carlisle, who is acquainted with the haunts of Mibberly. The party that is detached for the arrest of Mobberly should not be more than twenty, and should do all in one night. Mr, Carlisle, although a loyal and well-disposed citizen, should be arrested to keep up appearances. His residence is between the Aide and Leesburg pikes, about a mile from Mrs. Kline's.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., September 12, 1864.

(Received 9.05 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Nothing heard from front to-day.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.,

HARPER'S FERRY, September 12, 1864.

W. P. SMITH,

Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

The general commanding wants the track rallied to Martinsburg. Your road is effectually covered by our forces. General Averell's headquarters are within three miles of Kearneysville. The working party and trains will be furnished with an ample guard, but the superintendent of construction must not abandon his work without orders, which will be promptly given if necessary. in my opinion, the protection to road is perfect. Can the work proceed at once?

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIST. OF HARPER'S FERRY, No. 5. Harper's Ferry, Va., September 12, 1864.

The general commanding publishes the following orders for the government of trade, and permitted supplies, within this military district:

No trade stores will be allowed or permitted to trade with persons residing outside of the military lines of this district and within the

