
HARPER'S FERRY, December 4, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

By train this morning I received some 600 men from Camp Distribution, making the number of Sixth Corps men here 800. They are without officers. General Getty should send down some officers to take charge of them to-day so as to have them ready to move to-morrow. I sent to the front this morning 700 men belonging to Crook's, Emory's, and Provisional Divisions. I have still about 250 men for front received this morning. I should like to have order in regard to Lieutenant Emmons, acting quartermaster and commissary of subsistence for Camp Distribution, requiring him to join his regiment revoked. He is entitled to be discharged the service on application, his term of service having expired, but is willing to remain here as long as his services are required. I do not know where I can supply his place.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

NEW CREEK, December 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

I have just received the following dispatch:

CUMBERLAND, December 4, 1864-10 a. m.

Colonel COLE:

You will move back with your command without delay and report to Brigadier-General Stevenson at Harper's Ferry. Cars will be in readiness for you to-day.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

Will you be kind enough to inform me whether I am to station my command as before on the railroad, or report to you direct with my entire regiment? My camp and garrison equipage is at North Mountain.

H. A. COLE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,December 4, 1864.

General CROOK:

Say to General Kelley not to take my dispatches to him too much to heart. I was very much chagrined about the New Creek affair when they were written.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, December 4, 1864.

Captain S. F. SHAW,

Acting Chief Engineer, Harper's Ferry:

Keep the troops stationed along the railroad at work at the blockhouses. It is necessary they should be finished as soon as possible. Keep them moving.

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

