HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,December 4, 1864.

Captain R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.:

The Fifteenth West Virginia is not to go back. Keep the First Virginia there. Benjamin is here.

By order of Major-General Crook:

WM. McKINLEY, JR.,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, December 4, 1864-1 p. m.

Major-General CROOK,

Kernstown:

A son of Mr. Boehm, the agent of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at this point, who was captured at New Creek on Monday last, returned last night. By the interposition of young McBlair, formerly of this place, General Rosser discharged Boehm on Thursday night, fourteen miles above Moorefield, on the South Fork. Boehm reports that the rebels retreated as rapidly as possibly via Greenland Gap and Petersburg, thence on the Franklin road some six or eight miles, thence across Fork Mountain to the South Fork, about four miles above Moorefield. At this point Boehm was, with some other citizens prisoners, discharged. The rebels were making for Brock's Gap, where they reported two regiments of infantry were awaiting their return. McNeill's, Harness', and Woodson's companies were left scattered through the mountains in the neighborhood of Moorefield, and were recapturing many of our men who had made their escape. He did not see any of our cavalry in the valley; was told in Moorefield that they had returned to the Valley by way of Wardensville. They did not go up the South Fork from Moorefield, as reported by Major Potts.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

KERNSTOWN, VA., December 5, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I have contemplated a cavalry raid on the Central railroad, intending to go myself when things are satisfactory here; but from all the light which I have I have not estimated the breaking of the road as very important. I am satisfied that no supplies go over the road toward Richmond from any point north of the road or from the Shenandoah Valley. On the contrary the rebel forces here in the Valley have drawn supplies from the direction of Richmond. To brek the road at Charlottesville and up to Gordonsville would only be breaking the circuit. The supplies south of the road and between it and the James could be hauled on straight lines to the road and run in both directions, via Louisa and via Lynchburg, to Richmond. I have the best of evidence to show that there is no depot at Gordonsville or Charlesttesville, and that the trains passing through those places are only burdened by necessities for Early's army. I think that the rebels have looked at this matter about as I do, and they have not been at all fearful of my

