
saw only small squads of Mosby's men. The second, Charles E. Coggan, states that he was taken by a squad of Mosby's men who had twenty-one Union soldiers as prisoners from near Winchester and five or six conscripts. Was taken to Mosby's headquarters, at Joe Blackwell's place, to the right of Upperville, toward Snicker's Gap, and, in company with the above-named prisoners, taken toward Richmond, but escaped when near the Rappahannock. Heard of no rumors concerning rebel movements of troops. This man was once taken prisoner, took the oath of allegiance and, procuring a pass from Colonel H. H. Wells, at Alexandria, Va., returned to his home, where he remained until the events above narrated occurred.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. ALBRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,December 5, 1864.

Brevet Major-General MERRITT,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry desires me to inform you that General Custer sent a party up the Back road last night, to go as far as Fisher's Hill and return this afternoon. The party sent up the pike by you to-day may hear of this party returning. This is sent for your information.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,December 5, 1864.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Cavalry:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that patrols have been sent to Front Royal and to the following fords: Berry's Ferry, Swift Shoal, Morgan's, and Howellsville. All have returned, and report everything quiet. The officer who went to Howellsville Ford reports that he saw a few vedettes on the east bank of the river, who immediately retired on observing him. The road to Morgan's Ford appeared to have been much traveled.

WM. B. TIBBITS,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 6, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Kernstown, Va.:

General Grant makes the following inquiry:

The enemy reports having captured 800 prisoners, 1,500 horses and mules, 200 wagons and ambulances, 8 guns, and to have destroyed a great deal of public property at New Creek. Is there anything in this?

U. S. GRANT.

