
States of Virginia and West Virginia, except those established at Point of Rocks, Berlin, Sandy Hook, Harper's Feery, and Martinsburg, said stores to be duly licensed to trade as such by the regularly constituted Treasury authorities, the licenses to be approved at these headquarters.

Family supplies can only be transported south to the Potomac between the mouth of the Monocany and the Shenandoah River, in Loudoun County, Va., and south of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from Harper's Ferry to Hancock, in quantities ordinarily required for actual family consumption, where satisfactory evidence of the loyalty of the proposed recipient is furnished to the custom officers before granting a permit, which shall be subject to such regulations as may be prescribed.

It will be remembered that family supplies in quantities such as are ordinarily required for actual consumption, and intended for the use of those who have properly and satisfactorily established their loyalty, and authorized sutlers' goods, for lawfully and reguralry appointed sutlers of regiments and post sutlers, and such goods and packages as are intended for the private use of officers and soldiers of the U. S. Army are the only goods allowed to be transported to or into the interdicted district, and these must not be allowed to pass unless accompanied in each case by a custom-house permit, signed by a proper revenue officer or aide, and further approved by one of the military officers especially appointed or detailed to examine such permits and indorse upon them the necessary them the necessary authority for the parties and their goods to pass. No goods whatever, upon any pretext, are to be allowed to go within the interdicted district accompanied by the permit and pass named.

No permit must be granted by the officer of customs, or others authorized to grant permits, for spirituous liquors, except for medicinal purposes, and then only in very moderate quantities.

Supplies shall not be in larger quantities than can be consumed in thirty days.

No spirituous shall be permitted to traders in the counties of West Virginia east of the Alleghany Mountains on the order of these headquarters, or to such having authority to trade in liquor from these headquarters. This order to include all that part of Maryland between the Monocacy Harper's Ferry on the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

No permit will be to cover spirituous liquors except as provided above or where sent to medical purveyors or army surgeons for medicinal purposes, and it is enjoined upon all officers commanding post detachments, &amp;c., to seize all spirituous liquors (except such as are intended for use as above specified), all articles contraband of war, and all goods of whatever description not protected by the proper permits and passes, attempted to be carried within the intercepted district.

The several provost-marshals at Point of Rocks, Sandy Hook, Berlin, Harper's Ferry, and Martinsburg are designated as the officers to examine and indorse the custom-house permits for goods to be passed beyond the lines.

The officers appointed to endures passes upon permits are not so to indorse them as a matter of course, but must themselves beyond a doubt of the certain loyalty and good intention of the parties presenting such permits, as well as of the loyalty of those to whose use the goods are being conveyed, and that the parties presenting such permits are identical with those named therein or are duly and properly authorized by those named to act for them.

