HEADQUARTERS 202ND PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Fairfax Station, Va., December 7, 1864.

Captain CHARLES I. WICKERSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fairfax Court-House, Va.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that three refugees from Lynchburg, Va., came into my lines yesterday afternoon, named James Wren, Daniel Falvey, and Cornelius Donovan. The substance of their statements are as follows: They left Lynchburg last Thursday and proceeded by railroad to Gordonsville from whence they came on foot through Culpeper and Warrenton. They neither saw nor heard of troops in or around any of those places save a small provost-guard at Lynchburg and Gordonsvile. At Warrenton they heard Mosby had been there last Saturday and was busy, assisted by other conscript officers, in conscripting. They state reports about Earley's whereabouts contradictory, but the genera impression is that he is in Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. ALBRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Russell, Va., December 7, 1864,

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: It having come to the acknowledge of the brevet major-general commanding the corps that Brigadier General G. L. Beal, U. S. Volunteers, has been assigned by you, in orders, to the command of the First Brigade, First Division, I am directed by him to inform you that you have no authority to make such assignment. You will therefore countermand the order, leaving the command of the brigade as it stood previous thereto.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

PETER FRENCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,December 7, 1864.

Major RUSSELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Cavalry:

MAJOR: Yesterday morning a detachment of fifty men of the Twenty-first New York Cavalry, under Lieutenant Holcomb, was sent to patrol the country in the vicinity of Morgan's and Howellsville Fords of the Shenandoah, with orders to return via Millwood. Full instructions were given to Lieutenant Holcomb, and he was cautioned to be constantly on the alert and ready for an attack. It appears from the statement of an officer who was with Lieutenant Holcomb that he was attacked, when near Millwood, by a party of about thirty of the enemy, who came up the road in his rear. At the same time another party attacked them in flank. There was apparently no fight at all, but a rapid and disgraceful flight. Lieutenant Holcomb was captured with

