
And it is the duty of all military officers stationed at points where there is any likelihood of goods carried within the said district not only to see that all goods are accompanied by the required permits and passes and to satisfy themselves of the guineans of the same, but also, in each case, to examine every trunk, box, or package, in order to ascertain, by comparison, whether its contents correspond with the inventory accompanying the permit.

And it is further required of all military officers stationed at all points along the river railroad from which goods are carried into Virginia, after having carefully examined the permits and passes, and after having compared the contents of trunks, boxes, and packages with the inventories, to cancel such permits and passes in order that they may not be again fraudulently used to cover other bills of goods.

The sale of spirituous liquors within this military district to enlisted men or employes in the military service of the United States is positively prohibited, and it is enjoined upon all officers to see this order rapidly enforced.

By order of Brigadier-General Stevenson:

H. M. BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERALS' OFFICE,

Washington, September 12, 1864.

Major General J. A. DIX, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of the East, New York City:

The Secretary of War directs that the Military District of Northern New York be constituted, to consist of Congressional district numbered from 11 to 20 inclusively, an to be commanded by Brevet Major General J. C. Robinson, headquarter at Alabamy; and that the Military District of Western New York be constituted, consisting of the Congressional district numbered from 21 to 31 inclusively, Brevet Brigadier General A. S. Diven to command, headquarters at Elmira, N. Y., both district to be under you as department commander. The generals have been ordered to report to you by letter. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 12, 1864.

Brevet Brigadier General A. S. DIVEN, U. S. Volunteers,

Elmira, N. Y.:

The Secretary of War directs that you report by letter to Major-General Dix, commanding Department of the East. You are assigned to command, according to your brevet rank, of the Military District of Western New York, consisting of the Congressional district numbered from 21 to 31 inclusive, headquarters at Elmira. Enter on command immediately and report and execution of this order.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

