HEADQUARTERS 202ND PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Fairfax Station, Va., December 8, 1864.

Captain CHARLES I. WICKERSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fairfax Court-House, Va.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that four refugees came into my lines this morning, named William Dasmond, William Morrissey, C. E. Nunnery, and C. C. Nesom. The two former came from Lynchburg direct, leaving there last Thursday and coming to Gordonsville by railroad, from which place they walked until they arrived within my lines this morning. They report there are no troops at Lynchburg, Gordonsville, or Culpeper, but state it was reported to them yesterday, when near Warrenton, that Mosby had been re-enforced by two brigades of infantry at or near Warrenton, and that these troops has moved through the latter place a few days before in the direction of Haymarket. They saw a fire toward the Bull Run Mountains from Manassas Junction last night. Morrissey was at Witheville last Sunday week to procure his pass as a British subject, which they both are. Breckinridge was in East Tennessee. The other two, C. E. Nunnery and C. C. Newsom, arrived this morning a little later than the above. Nunnery is a native of Chester, S. C., and belonged to the Fifth Virginia Cavalry, which he left in the Valley September 16, 1864, since which time he remained in Rappahannock County, Va. He states Lomax's division of cavalry is at Little Washington-i. e., headquarters are there. Came through Warrenton day before yesterday, but neither saw nor heard of any troops other than conscripting officer, with their escorts. Kershaw's division to have gone to Petersburg, and from thence to Beauregard. The remnant of Early's army, going into winter quarters at Lacy's Springs. C. C. Newsom is a native of Davidson County, N. C., formerly private Fourth North Carolina Cavalry, discharged June 24, 1864, since which time he was a special clerk in the Confederate Treasury Department. Traveled over a large portion of the South to escape, and finally statements of the other three were forwarded to your headquarters yesterday or the day before.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. ALBIRGHT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,Fairfax Court-House, Va., December 8, 1864-1 p. m.

Colonel CHARLES ALBRIGHT,

Fairfax Station:

Colonel Gamble directs that you send one company of cavalry to scout from the vicinity of Union Mills to that of Wolf Run Shoals at a distance not exceeding five miles from your front. A detachment will be sent from here which will go to the left as far as Union Mills. Send the refugees and deserters here. All applications for passes for persons outside the lines must be refused and no one allowed to enter the picket-lines except refugees and deserters, who will be forwarded to these headquarters. When the company returns send out another. Keep one out constantly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. I. WICKERSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

