
information from Middleburg that Mosby has gone to Richmond to receive instructions as to what he is to do in the way of retaliation for Merritt's operations. I will see the refugees in the morning and find what their report amounts to.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1864.

Colonel GAMBLE,

Commanding at Fairfax Court-House:

Have you anything new this morning? How far to the front are you scouting? Where are the refugees that gave you the rumor about the infantry having joined Mosby? If this force came toward Gainesville, as they say, you ought to know something about them by this time.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,Fairfax Court-House, Va., December 9, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 11.15 a. m.)

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

Your telegram just received. The seven companies of cavalry on scouting duty are ordered to scout country thoroughly to a distance of eight or ten miles in front of our lines, from Wolf Run Shoals to the Potomac River; all important information to be communicated to the nearest post on the line and sent at once to me. The refugees will go in on to-day's train to Washington. The substance of their report I have already sent you by telegram the moment I received it. The enemy are in the Bull Run Mountains, if the statement of the refugees is correct. My men have scouted ten miles in front and neither saw nor heard anything of the enemy. Our cavalry are out now. Any information I may obtain will be sent to you at once.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, December 9, 1864.

(Received 2.30 p. m.)

Major-General AUGUR:

I have sent a special scouting party of 100 men, under Major Ludlam, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, to the vicinity of Gainesville, to obtain what information that can be had. He has strict orders to keep a sharp lookout. When he returns I will report.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

