
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, December 9, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 8.10 p. m.)

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding:

Major Ludlam has returned from near Gainesville, without seeing or hearing anything of the enemy, except a few of Mosby's scouts, who are always roaming about. I shall, however, direct a sharp lookout to be kept and be ready for whatever may occur.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM GAMBLE,

Commanding Separate Brigade, Fairfax Court-House:

COLONEL: General Sheridan will send, December 10, a division of cavalry to the east side of the Blue Ridge, passing by Ashby's Gap and taking post for a few days at Snickersville.

Respectfully,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE, No. 3. Fairfax Court-House, Va., December 9, 1864.

The order of yesterday directing that a squadron of cavalry from Prospect Hill, one squadron from Vienna, lone squadron from Fairfax Court-House, and one company of cavalry from Fairfax Station, to thoroughly patrol the country in front of the line from Wolf Run Shoals to the Potomac River, connecting with each other, will be continued daily till further orders, by instructions receive to-day from department headquarters.

These patrols will thoroughly examine the country to a distance of eight or ten miles outside our lines, collect and report all the information that can be obtained in regard to the enemy.

The officers in charge of these patrols will be instructed to be watchful and vigilant, allow no straggling or thieving, see that the horses are well fed and taken care of, obtain forage in a proper way, giving receipts for the same, keeping up a thorough, healthy state of discipline-in fact, to have the men and horses in good fighting condition at all times.

These squadrons will be relieved daily by the commanding officers of the regiments or posts to which they belong. All important information will be sent to the nearest post on the line, and from there immediately to brigade headquarters. All rebels found wearing U. S. uniform will be treated as spies.

By order of Colonel William Gamble:

CHAS. I. WICKERSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

