HEADQUARTERS POST,Vienna, Va., December 9, 1864.

Captain CHARLES I. WICKERSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to state that, in compliance with your instructions, I sent out a squadron of the Sixteenth New York Cavalry. They went as far as Hawxhurst's Mills, sending detachments to the right and left two miles and a half. They returned at 10 o'clock last evening, reporting that they did not see or hear of any rebels in that direction. I sent out another squadron this morning at 5 o'clock, with orders to return at 10 or 12 a. m. The squadron sent out by the Thirteenth New York Cavalry arrived at this post last night at 12 o'clock, stating that they went out the Dranesville or Leesburg pike about five miles and then to the left ad far as Hunter's Mill. Not finding the Sixteenth New York Cavalry there or in the neighborhood they thought there was something wrong, and concluded to come to this post for further information. I told them to remain here until 4 o'clock this morning and then start back the same way they came, which they did. I would also respectfully state that I have all my force working at Fort No. 3, which is the most important and available point for defense.

12 M.

The squadron from the Sixteenth New York Cavalry has just returned, scouting through the country nearly to Dranesville on the right, and between three and four miles to the left of Hunter's Mill. All quiet in the vicinity of this command.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient,

GEO. S. GALLUPE,

Colonel Fifth Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,December 9, 1864.

Colonel WARNER,

Commanding Brigade, Sixth Army Corps:

COLONEL: You will move at daylight to-morrow morning with your brigade as escort to the wagon trains of the Sixth Corps and the batteries of the corps, marching to Bunker Hill, on the Martinsburg pike, and thence to Harper's Ferry, via Smithfield, keeping north of the Winchester railroad. You will escort the above-named batteries and trains from Harper's Ferry to Monocacy Junction. From this last place the batteries and wagons can go forward to Washington without an escort. Cars will be in readiness at Monocacy to transport your brigade from there to Washington. On your arrival at Monocacy you will give the senior quartermaster orders to proceed to Washington, park his train on his arrival at Washington, and to report without delay to the Quartermaster-General for orders. You will also direct the senior artillery officer with the batteries to march from Monocacy to Washington City and report upon his arrival to the chief of artillery for orders. You will report your departure from Harper's Ferry be telegraph to these headquarters. On your arrival in Washington report in person to Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff, for orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

49 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

