
NEAR BERRYVILLE, September 13, 1864 - 7 p. m.

(Received 14th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

This morning I sent General Getty's division, of the Sixth Corps, with two brigades of cavalry, to the crossing of the Summit Point and Winchester road, over Opequon Creek, to develop the force of the enemy at the crossing in that vicinity. Rodes', Ramseur's, Gordon's, and Wharton's division were found on the west bank. At the same time General Wilson, with McIntosh's brigade of cavalry, dashed up the Winchester pike, drove the rebel cavalry at a run, came in contact with Kershaw' division, charged it, and captured the Eighth South Carolina Regiment (16 officers and 145 men) and its battle-flag, and Colonel Henagan, commanding brigade, with a loss of only 2 men killed and 2 wounded. Great credit is due to general Wilson, McIntosh, and Third New Jersey and Second Ohio. The charge was a gallant one. A portion of the Second Massachusetts, Reserve Brigade, made a charge on the right of our line and captured 1 officer and 11 men of Gordon's division of infantry. Our loss in the reconnaissance is very light.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 33. September 13, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. Brigadier General John R. Kenly, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty in the Military District of Harper's Ferry, and will report for orders to Major General Lew. Walace, commanding Middle Department, Eighth Army Corps.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HARDIN'S DIVISION, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF WASHINGTON,

Washington, D. C. September 13, 1864.

Colonel J. HOWARD KITCHING,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: General Hardin directs tat the officer and enlisted men belonging to the First Battalion, Ninth New York Artillery, now in your command, be immediately relieved and ordered to report to the command of the senior officer of the detachment at the Soldier's Rest, near Baltimore and Ohio Railroad depot, for consolidation with the detachment of the First Provisional Battalion, going to the Army of the Shenandoah. The general also desires that this detachment arrives at the Soldier's Rest to-night, in order that they may leave for the army in the morning. the senior officer of the two detachments will take command upon the consolidation, and immediately apply for transportation at the quartermaster's office (Colonel Elison).

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. LEE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

