HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,December 11, 1864-5 p. m.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER,

Delay House, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

Do not send the company of the Eleventh Maryland to Annapolis. If it has already gone it will be returned to you.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RELAY HOUSE, December 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The company of Eleventh Maryland left for Annapolis at 8.30 a. m. to-day.

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

KERNSTOWN, VA., December 12, 1864-6 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, VA.:

The reports up to this evening are as follows: Early moved a portion or all his infantry back toward Staunton, commencing the movement last Friday. The soldiers said they were going into winter quarters there. I cannot get any information of Gordon's and Pegram's division other than the report of one deserter. All others state that Pegram did not move previous to last Friday, and know nothing of the movements of Gordon's division. I have been unable to do anything toward determining absolutely these movements on account of the snow-storm and the intensely cold weather now prevailing here.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, December 12, 1864-10.30 p. m.

(Received 11.25 p. m.)

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Kernstown, Va.:

I think there is no doubt but that all of Gordon's and Pegram's division are here. The inhabitants of Richmond are supplied exclusively over the roads north of the James River. If it is possible to destroy the Virginia Central road it will go far toward starving out the garrison of Richmond. The Weldon road has been largely used until now, notwithstanding it has been cut to Stony Creek. It is now gone to Hicksford, and I think can be of no further use. If the enemy are known to have retired to Staunton, you will either be able to make a dash on the communications north of the James, or spare a part of your force. Let me know your views as to the best course to make a dash on the Central road and canal, or to detach from your command.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

