HEADQUARTERS HARDIN'S DIVISION, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., September 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. G. THOMAS,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: Pursuant to orders from department headquarters General Hardin directs that you relieve from duty, in your command, the organization known as the First Provisional Battalion. Captain Long, commanding, will divide the command into two detachments, the one to consist of officers and men belonging to the Army of the Potomac, the other to the Army of the Shenandoah. he will have prepared nominal lists of each detachment. The general desires that the battalion march to-night, if possible, to the Soldier's Rest, near the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad depot. Upon the arrival of the detachments there, the one going to the Shenadoah will be consolidated with the detachment belonging to the Ninth New York Artillery. the senior officer of the two detachments will take command of the consolidation, and procure transportation to Harper's Ferry from Colonel Elison, chief quartermaster, Department of Washington. The senior officer of detachment for the Army of the Potomac will assume command and procure transportation for his detachment through Colonel Elison. Captain Long, having superintended the organizations of the detachments as above indicated, will report to his own company. The general commanding desires that these orders be promptly executed.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. T. LEE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 13, 1864.

Brevet Major-General EMORY:

Wilson's cavalry drove the enemy's cavalry from the Berryville crossing to the vicinity of Winchester, where he encountered Kershaw's division moving to Wright's front. He charged the infantry, capturing the Eighth South Carolina, with all its officers. The charge was made on aline of battle.

Respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

General Wright has developed a heavy force.

P. H. S.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILSON,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: In pursuance of instructions from headquarters Middle Military Division, the chief of cavalry directs that you detail one regiment from your command to escort prisoners and wounded to Harper's Ferry. The same to report at army headquarters to-morrow a. m. at 6 o'clock.

Very respectfully, &c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

