
KERNSTOWN, December 13, 1864-8.30 p. m.

(Received 14th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your telegram of yesterday received to-day. I strongly advise the withdrawal of more of the infantry force of this command. One division can now be sparred and perhaps two in a very short time. It is impossible to do anything toward the Central road until the present inclement weather is over. The snow is now seven inches deep and the old intense. It is very wintry. I will break the railroad, if possible, as soon as the weather will permit. Two deserters from Gordon's division came in to-day. They are from the Tenth Louisiana (rebel) Infantry. They report that they left the division at Harrisonburg on last Tuesday, the 8th instant; that this division (Gordon's) with Pegram's was marching to Fishersville, a point between Staunton and Waynesborough, as they were to take the cars for Richmond. My information goes to prove that no supplied go from the north side of the Central road or from the Shenandoah Valley, and I usually question refugees and prisoners myself. I saw more supplies growing in the Neck down about King and Queen Court-House, north of the Mattapony River, last summer than in any other section of Virginia. If that country could be cleaned out it would be important. In reference to what troops should go from here to join you, I would advise the removal of the troops known as the Western Virginians. They are too near their homes, and should go among strangers. The New Creek affair and at every point where guerrillas have given any annoyance it was from a surprise of these troops of the border. If you prefer the Nineteenth Corps I will send it by divisions. I believe that everything should be used this winter to give no rest to the enemy, and if it causes a concentration of troops on the part of the enemy at Richmond it only causes greater embarrassment in their supplies. We are a long way from Richmond here, and for any permanent occupation at vital points a very large portion of my command would have to be used in protecting the line of communication. The movement of Early to Staunton with the balance of his force is not yet confirmed.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 111. December 13, 1864.

* * * * *

6. Paragraph 3, Special Orders, No. 104, current series, from these headquarters, dismissing Colonel George R. Latham, Sixth West Virginia Cavalry the service, is hereby countermanded.

7. A general court-martial is hereby appointed to meet at Cumberland, Md., on the 17th instant at 11 a. m., or as soon thereafter as practicable, for the trial of Colonel George R. Latham, Sixth West Virginia Cavalry, and such other prisoners as may be ordered before it.

Detail for the court: Colonel Thomas H. Hubbart, Thirtieth Maine Volunteers; Colonel William R. Brown, Thirteenth West Virginia Volunteers; Colonel J. L. Thompson, First New Hampshire Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel William H. Benjamin, Eighth New York Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel William Waltermire, One hundred and fifty-ninth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel

