HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., December 13, 1864.

Colonel GAMBLE,

Commanding at Fairfax Court-House:

I do not think you will be attacked at present. At all events you will know from your scouts in time to bring those companies in from Annandale and Falls Church. I do not think there is the slightest foundation for the rumor about the brigades of infantry.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

The original arrangement for troops on the line was made after careful consideration, and I have seen no good reason for changing it.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,Fairfax Court-House, Va., December 13, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington:

Your telegram just received. The real point of attack, if any is made, will be either here or at Fairfax Station. At Prospect Hill and Vienna they have twelve companies of cavalry and our companies of artillery each. Their position has abatis and stockades nearly completed. Here and at Fairfax Station there was nothing, and everything has to be constructed. I have now ten companies of cavalry and three of artillery at this post, three companies less than at Vienna or Prospect Hill, at Fairfax Station three companies of infantry and two companies of cavalry. If the companies of cavalry at Falls Church and at Annandale are to be replaced, I request that it may be done from the Thirteenth and Sixteenth New York Cavalry. This is my opinion, after a personal examination of the whole line, for the best distribution of the troops. I will, of course, obey orders regardless of consequences.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,December 13, 1864.

Colonel W. GAMBLE,

Commanding Separate Brigade, Fairfax Court-House:

Have the cavalry companies taken from Annandale been returned? If not, they should be. The commissary of subsistence at Chain Bridge has been instructed to issue in bulk to the command at Prospect Hill.

Respectfully,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, December 13, 1864-6 p. m.

(Received 6.10 p. m.)

Major-General AUGUR:

The squadron from scouting in front of this part of the line is just returned. It passed around by Chantilly in front of Centreville and

