
of Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, is hereby assigned to the command of the District of the Eastern Shore of Maryland, headquarters to be located at Salisbury.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 14, 1864-8 p. m.

SECRETARY OF WAR,

Washington:

I would respectfully recommend the promotion of Brevet Major General W. H. Emory, and Brevet Major General Jeff. C. Davis to the full rank of their brevets. The resignation of General Crittended makes one vacancy, and it is to be hoped that vacancies will be made to occur so as to give the rank of major-general to officers commanding corps. I do not make this recommendation in opposition to commanders under whom these officers have been serving, but, I believe, in furtherance of their previous recommendations.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 14, 1864-12 noon.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Kernstown, Va.:

Your dispatch of last evening received. You may select the troops and the number of them you send here. I would prefer separate regiments, brigades, or divisions to a corps, because then I could attach them to corps already organized and not increase the number of headquarters.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,December, 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

The patrols on north side of the Potomac at Shepherdstown were put there by General Torbert to prevent deserters from crossing; also to watch smugglers. General Sullivan had nothing to do with it. They should not have interfered with you passes or your parties.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., December 14, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

I am informed that you are short at Washington in your captured artillery. Six 3-inch captured guns were turned over to Captain Irish, and are now ordered to the front as a complete battery. We have here also six 12-pounder Napoleons, captured, to be fitted up as light batteries; also one 10-pounder Parrott, left in charge of Major Mer-

50 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

