
NEW YORK, December 14, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The court at Montreal have released the Saint Albans raiders on a mere technical ground of want of jurisdiction, and they are now at liberty to commit further depredations. I shall remain here at Fifth Avenue Hotel till to-morrow morning and shall be happy to receive any suggestions from you as to our course. In my judgment we are to have serious trouble on the border as a consequence of this decision. Will you please direct the arms, &amp;c., to be hastened forward?

J. GREGORY SMITH,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 14, 1864.

His Excellency J. GREGORY SMITH,

Governor of Vermont, Fifth Avenue Hotel, New York:

Your telegram received. I regret not having an opportunity to see you again before your departure. The military supplies will be forwarded without delay. Instructions to meet emergencies as they arrive will be given to General Dix, with whom you will please communicate.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, NEW YORK, N. Y., December 14, 1864. No. 97.
Information having been received at these headquarters that the rebel marauders, who were guilty of murder and robbery at Saint Albans, have been discharged from arrest at Montreal, and that other enterprises of a like character are actually in preparation in Canada, the commanding general deems it due to the people of the frontier towns to adopt the most prompt and efficient measures for the security of their lives and property. All military commanders on the frontier are therefore instructed, in case further acts of depredation and murder are attempted, whether by marauders or persons acting under commissions from the rebel authorities at Richmond, to shoot down the perpetrators, if possible, while in the commission of their crimes; or, life it be necessary, with a view to their capture, to cross the boundary between the United States and Canada, said commanders are hereby directed to pursue them wherever they may take refuge, and if captured, they are under no circumstances to be surrendered, but are to be sent to these headquarters for trial and punishment by martial law. The major-general commanding the department will not hesitate to exercise to the fullest extent the authority he possesses under the rules of law recognized by all civilized states in regard to persons organizing hostile expeditions within Montreal territory and fleeing to it for an asylum after committing acts of depredation within our lines, such an exercise of authority having become indispensable to protect our cities and towns from incendiarism and our people from robbery and murder. It is earnestly hoped that the inhabitants of our frontier dis-

