HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,September 13, 1864 - 3.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General McINTOSH,

Commanding First Brigade:

General Sheridan wishes a strong picket force left to hold the crossing of the Opequon. If the Second New York cavalry has moved from there, be good enough to send another regiment back. Let it be instructed to hold on as long as possible without jeopardizing its safety.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,In the Field, September 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. B. COMSTOCK,

Chief Engineer with Lieutenant-General Grant:

MY DEAR COMSTOCK: Since I have been in this department I have unfortunately incurred the displeasure of a few small politicians, and they have left no stone upturned to injure me publici and privately. The most atrocious slanders have been circulated regarding my official conduct and private character. I have endured the contumely that these few active enemies have heaped upon me with indifference until the present time, conscious of the rectitude of my conduct and always reliant upon the confidence of my superior and the respect of my comrades. But recently I have become aware that the mind of General Grant has been poisoned by these slanderous reports and his judgment prejudiced against me. I think it is my duty now to request an investigation. knowing that the regular correspondence of the general must very much embrace him, I inclose a letter* which I have written to him, asking that you will be good enough to lay it before him at some opportune moment when he can give it that attention which O would like it to receive.

My dear Comstock, I rely upon your friendship and direction in this matter. Read the letter and endeavor to present it to the general under favorable circumstances, so that he will be unleaded to send some one to investigate this matter. It touches my honor very closely. To tamely submit to the humiliation of having my character and competency passed upon, with the evidence of such men to direct the judgment, is unendurable - is impossible.

If there is any one hope in my breast that is supreme over all others it is that this rebellion may be put down by whipping the out honestly and fairly by destroying their military force and power entirely; it is the only proper way. It is this belief which has been always the main-spring of my action. It is not then dreadful that after all my hardship and sufferings I should be believed everything that is bad by the general commanding our armies, without a change for defense? We shall see batter times here before this reaches you. Please let me hear from you soon.

Believe me sincerely your friend and classmate,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

