
milch cows and calves. When the Twenty-second Pennsylvania arrives I will keep the counties of Hampshire, Hardy, and Pendleton well scouted. This regiment is thoroughly acquainted with all the roads, paths, gaps, streams, fords, &amp;c., in these counties.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FORCES WEST OF HANCOCK, MD., No. 54. Cumberland, Md., December 16, 1864.

1. Colonel J. Higgins, Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry, having reported at these headquarters in pursuance of orders from headquarters Middle Military Division, will proceed with his command to New Creek, W. Va. Upon his arrival Colonel Higgins will assume command of the forces at that station. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for the dismounted men and baggage belonging to the regiment.

* * * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Kelley:

T. MELVIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA, No. 301. Philadelphia, Pa., December 16, 1864.

1. Brigadier General O. S. Ferry, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from command of Juniata District and assigned to duty as military commander of Philadelphia.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Cadwalader:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, December 17, 1864.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: A communication from Colonel James A. Ekin, chief first division, Quartermaster's Department, dated December 12, reports the capture by the rebels, on the 28th ultimo, of 167 cavalry horses and 40 mules at New Creek, W. Va. Captain George W. Harrison, assistant quartermaster at Cumberland, Md., who had the post at New Creek also assigned to him, states that of the horses captured, fifty-four were serviceable for issue; seventy unserviceable (to be recruited), and forty-three totally unfit for service, and that the mules were all reported as serviceable.

In corroboration of reports previously received through the news-papers, Captain Harrison state that-

The surprise was complete and successful. But few minutes elapsed after the first alarm that the enemy in the fort before they had entire possession of the station

