
ORDERS.] HDQRS. CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

Berryville, Va., September 1, 1864.

The First and Third Division of Cavalry will move to-morrow a. m. at 3 o'clock to the north side of Bullskin Run, the left resting ont eh pike. The pickets of this division will move back part of the way on the Summit Point pike; thence by country roads to Roppon. The Third Division will march on the river road, via Kavletown, and take position on the north side of Bullskin Run, the right resting on the pike and connecting with the left of the First Division. The pickets of this division will fall back part of the way on the Berryville and Snicker's Gap pike; thence down river road, following the division. There must be no bugle calls sounded for this movement.

By command of Brigadier-General Torbert, chief of cavalry:

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,

September 1, 1864.

The forage received just now will be issued to-night, and the command will return to-morrow morning at 3 o'clock to a position near Kabletown, ont eh north side of the Bullskin Runn, marching by country roads from the rear of its present position.

Order of march: First Brigade, with Fitzhugh's battery, ambulances, and ammunition train; Second Brigade, with Pennington's battery.

The picket-line will not be relieved till after the command has been withdrawn, and will then march to the rear, following the general direction of the column, and will be assembled when it shall have appeared that the command has not been followed by the enemy.

There will be no bugle calls sounded in executing the movement.

By command of Brigadier-General.

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General McINTOSH,

Commanding First Brigade.

GENERAL: General Merritt is going to send a regiment across our front and the Front Royal pike to reach the Valley pike. You will, therefore, direct one regiment from your brigade to move down the Winchester road made a demonstration against the enemy's forces that may be found near the Opequon, sending a patrol of one squadron toward the Millwood pike, to be detached from the regiment when it shall have got nearest to the Opequon. General Chapmen will be directed to make a similar demonstration on the Millwood and Winchester pike.

By command of Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

