HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Commanding Second Division Cavalry, West Virginia:

GENERAL: Major-General Sheridan directs that you do not report to headquarters of your department while he is commanding the troops in person. All communications and reports relating to your command, till further orders, will be sent to and through these headquarters.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Commanding Second Division, West Virginia Cavalry:

GENERAL: I am directed to inform you there will be a reconnaissance by a division of infantry at Lewis' Ford, on the Opequon, and two brigades of cavalry at Locke's Ford, opposite Brucetown; one brigade cavalry at Smithfield, one brigade at Berryville and Winchester pike crossing Opequon. General Sheridan says he gave your orders to move toward Bunker Hill with your whole division this morning and demonstrate strongly on the right. The troops here will be at the creek between 9 a. m. and 10 a. m. It is hoped your troops will be on the move up the pike by that time.

Yours, &c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Bunker Hill, September 13, 1864 - 1.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN, or

Brigadier-General TORBERT:

The enemy had a picket at Bunker Hill last night of forty men, from which four were captured, who stated that Imboden's cavalry were half a mile to one mile back; that the infantry were at or near Stephenson's Depot. A negro woman came in on the direct road from Winchester, who lives near the Gerradstown road, last evening with a pass signed by command of Major-General Lomax, dated yesterday. She had been arrested on Saturday, charged with giving information to us. She says she left General Lomax's headquarters yesterday; he was one mile and a half north of Winchester on this pike. Early's headquarters were at Stephenson's Depot, Breckinridge's, six miles this side of Winchester, division encamped on both sides of the road in line, but with no breast-works; Wahrton, half a mile north of Breckinridge, at Reeder's, encamped on both sides road; Rodes' division three miles south of Bunker Hill, i. e., nine miles from Winchester. Had a picket at Bunker Hill, with reserve at Yellow House one mile and a half back. The officer in charge of advance reports heavy picket force of the enemy south side of Bunker Hill and firing heard on our left.

Respectfully,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

