
of inducing the President to review his decision, which had, no doubt, been well considered, but that he may understand my reasons for giving a direction which has incurred his disapproval.

I have the honor to, be very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, December 18, 1864.

In my opinion no general order should be issued which would authorize subordinate military commanders to invade a foreign country, with which we are at peace, at their discretion. If such officers should pursue marauders fitted out in Canade to depredate upon our frontier it should be the act of the officer himself, to be justified or condemned afterward upon the merits of the case. In all instances where too much delay will not ensue they should wait for the authority of the commanding general of the department, at least, and then his action should be reported through the proper channel to the President at once.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, No. 100. New York City, December 17, 1864.

The President of the United States having disapproved of that portion of Department General Orders, No. 97, current series, which instructs all military commanders on the frontier, in certain cases therein specified, to cross the boundary line between the United States and Canada, and directs pursuit into neutral territory, the said instruction is hereby revoked.

In case, therefore, of any future marauding expedition into our territory from Canada, military commanders on the frontiers will report to these headquarters for orders before crossing the boundary line in pursuit of the guilty parties.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. WAN BUREN,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., December 18, 1864-12.30 p. m.

(Received 1.30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I will forward Colonel Harris' division, of Crook's command, to-morrow, by railroad, to Washington, en route to City Point. Will you please order the necessary transportation for about 3,500 men? The commanding officer will be directed to report to you on the arrival of the troops in Washington. On Wednesday following I will send the Provisional Division, numbering about 2,500 or 3,000 men.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

