HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, December 18, 1864.

Brevet Major-General CUSTER,Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry commanding directs that you move with your division early to-morrow a. m. up the Valley pike and make a demonstration against the enemy. Upon coming up with the enemy's cavalry you will drive them back upon their infantry. After this you must be guided by your own better judgment. General Torbert desires me to inform you that he moves with the First and Second Divisions across the Blue Ridge, starting early to-morrow a. m. What you leave behind of your division send back in the vicinity of Winchester on the right of the Valley pike.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

Wm. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, No. -. December 18, 1864.

The command will be prepared to march early to-morrow morning. Four day's rations will be issued and carried on the horses. Each man will be supplied with eighty rounds of carbine ammunition and the usual supply of pistol ammunition.

The Second Brigade will take along one section (rifled) of its battery, the best horses being selected for the march. Camp guards consisting of the dismounted men, and those mounted on unserviceable horses, will be left in camp in each brigade under charge of a field officer. The ranking field officer will take charge of the entire division camp, picketing and making other necessary dispositions for its safety.

No other wheels save those mentioned above will accompany the expedition, save the following: Six ambulances, two wagons to division headquarters, one wagon to brigade headquarters, three wagons for commissary supplies.

These preparations must all be at once. Further instructions will be given as to the time of march, &c.

By command of Brevet Major-General Merritt:

A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, New Creek, W. Va., December 18, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that one of the scouts returned this evening and reported that he was at Greenland Gap. Reports no enemy except McNeill's company at Moorefield. He also reports a number of good riding horses belonging to rebel citizens in that vicinity that are being protected by General Rosser. Shall I have them brought in? A rebel deserter, drummer boy, of the Second Virginia Cavalry, came in to-day and reports that Wickham's old brigade, commanded by Colonel Murford, left Petersburg on Monday last with

