
1,800 men, driving off horses and cattle and robbing the citizens, and that General Rosser then had his headquarters two and a half miles southeast of Petersburg.

Yours, very respectfully,

JAC. HIGGINS,

Colonel Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding Post.

KERNSTOWN, VA., December 19, 1864-11 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

I sent off this morning for City Point one division of Crook's command. It will number about 3,500 men. On Wednesday I will forward the Provisional Division, numbering about 3,000. The weather has been very bad and is still so. I sent out the cavalry this morning (two divisions) to cross through Chester Gap and strike the railroad if possible; the other division goes up the Valley pike as far as Staunton and stays out as long as its forage will last. The weather is so very bad that I am not sanguine of success in getting to the railroad. My scouts report that two divisions (Rodes' and Wharton's) commenced moving up the Valley last Friday from their camp between Harrisonburg and New Market. I will probably know to-night or to-morrow if any have gone to Richmond.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Winchester, December 19, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to request the promotion of Brevet Major General W. H. Emory to the rank of major-general of volunteers. General Emory commanded the Nineteenth Army Corps at the battles of Opequon, Fisher's Hill, and Cedar Creek, Va. In all of these engagements General Emory was in the thickest of the fight, and behaved with great gallantry and colones.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., December 19, 1864-10 a. m. (Received 11.30 a. m.)

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Winchester:

The following is forwarded for your information:

Scouts returned this a. m, bringing Richmond dates to 18th. Rodes' division has arrived from the Valley, passed directly through Richmond, and either went to Lee or farther south. They came into Richmond during Friday and Saturday last, and were not permitted to hold any conversation with the citizens, or if they knew to tell where they were going. This informant reports that Early is still in the Valley, and has Rosser's and Imboden's cavalry and one division of infantry. If he has a division of infantry I cannot tell what division it is, unless it is one made up of scattered Virginia commands. We are credibly informed that on Saturday last

