
Jeff. Davis made a second attempt to poison himself, and came near succeeding or not yesterday morning. It is said that the news from Georgia has a depressing influence on the spirits of Jeff. Davis. It was rumored it the city of Richmond yesterday that Sherman had captured Savannah.

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.

J. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

KERNSTOWN, VA., December 19, 1864-4 p. m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS:

Your telegram just received. Good. Jeff.'s poisoning is in large letters on the bulletin boards in the rebel towns. It is splendid. I gave Thomas 200 guns, and Sherman will only be limited by a due regard for economy in powder. In my dispatch of this a. m. I informed the general of the movement of Rodes' and Wharton's divisions. Rodes' division has not passed through Richmond. One of my best men lay in their camp south of New Market.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

KERNSTOWN, VA., December 19, 1864-11.30 a. m. (Received 2.30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Harris' division, of Crook's command, leaves Stephenson's Depot this morning for Washington. The commanding officer is directed to report to you for instruction and transportation to City Point.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, December 19, 1864.

Major General C. AUGUR,

Comdg. Department of Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Your communication of the 16th instant, requesting authority to use the Third U. S. Infantry, now in barracks in this city, for guard and patrol duty in order to relieve clerks and other employes of the different Departments who have been withdraw from their legitimate duties to perform the service of sentinels, has been received. In reply I have the honor to inform you that the Chief of Staff authorizes you to use the Third U. S. Infantry in guarding the public buildings, and for other guard duty, so long as it remains in this city, thus relieving the clerks and other employes of the different Departments from the duties referred to.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

