
WINCHESTER, VA., December 19, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR:

Your telegram received. This morning I sent two divisions of cavalry through Chester Gap, to break the railroad, if possible, and to capture certain herds of cattle, which rebel agents are at present collecting at Union and Bloomfield. If your cavalry is in condition order it to White Plains and down to Middleburg, to return by Aldie. On Saturday last there was considerable stock collected about Union and Bloomfield. I will make arrangements to bring you through without detention.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, December 19, 1864. (Received 7 p. m.)

Major-General AUGUR:

Reports have been received from Prospect Hill, Fairfax Station, and this post. All quiet. I have received no report from Colonel Gallupe, commanding at Vienna, although the patrol come through there from Prospect Hill. I understand that he is absent without my knowledge or permission:

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS, December 19, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM GAMBLE,Fairfax Court-House:

General Sheridan sent this morning two divisions of cavalry through Chester Gap to capture some herds of cattle that are being collected near Bloomfied and Union. He desires our cavalry to co-operate. Send out, therefore, to-morrow not less than 1,000 of your cavalry to White Plains, to go from there to Middleburg and return via Aldie. They are to bring in all sheep, cattle (except milk cows), hogs, and horses that can be gathered up on the route from beyond Thoroughfare Gap. The property brought in will be turned over to the proper department and receipts given for it. The commanding officer will make a report of his expedition on his return.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., December 19, 1864-11 p. m. (Received 11.30 p. m.)

Major-General AUGUR:

Your dispatch just received. The other will be carried out promptly.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

