HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Winchester, December 19, 1864.

General STEVENSON:

How would you like Cole's cavalry, if I mount it, for Martinsburg?

P. H. SHERIDAN,Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, December 19, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

I think Cole's cavalry mounted would do good service, but if we mount them we will have to supply their places on railroad with infantry.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Martinsburg, W. Va., December 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY,Assistant Adjutant-General,

COLONEL: I have the honor to call the attention of the general commanding to the garrison of this post, which now consists of the Thirteenth and Fifteenth Maine Volunteers (about 600 effective men for duty) and the First Ohio Independent Battery (six guns). The term of service of the Thirteenth Maine is about expiring, and an order is daily expected for them to proceed home for muster out. The re-enlisted men of the regiment are ordered to be consolidated with the Thirteenth Maine, now serving in the Nineteenth Corps. The time of the Fifteenth Maine will expire in little over a month. Situated as this post is, approachable from every direction, it is almost impossible for me to picket the two, retaining proper reserves and at the same time leave sufficient number of men to protect the railroad battery and stores. Being entirely without cavalry, I have no means either of keeping myself posted in regard to the movements of guerrilla parties or to pursue them when depredations are committed in the immediate vicinity. I could not render any speedy assistance to the light line of troops guarding the railroad, or even communicate with them properly. In addition to this contraband trade about the several fords of the Potomac near by is constantly increasing, much of which could be prevented with proper guards and patrols. I submit herewith a statement took command. I am aware that since the removal of large quantities of Government stores from the post so large a garrison in not necessary, but this being the principal depot of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad between Baltimore and Piedmont, a large amount of rolling-stock is constantly kept here, there seldom being less than thirty or forty engines. In view of these circumstances I trust the general commanding will order here such infantry and cavalry as may, in his judgment, seem necessary for the proper protection of the post.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SEWARL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

