HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Bunker Hill, September 13, 1864.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT,

Chief of Cavalry, Middle Military Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my advance drove the enemy from Bunker Hill one mile south upon his supports of infantry or dismounted men. I have information, which I deem reliable, that the enemy has sent Fitzhugh Lee's cavalry up the valley, and that his pioneers from various brigades were sent up yesterday morning to repair bridges, &amp;c. My main body to-night will be near Darkesville with pickets on the left to the wooden bridge, on the Opequon, on the right to North Mountain.

Respectfully,

WM. W. AVARELL,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., September 13, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STONES,

Secretary of War:

A reconnaissance in front - cavalry, infantry, and artillery - was to be made to-day across the Opequon. Considerable firing was heard about the time fixed for the movement, but no particulars received.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 36. Cumberland, Md., September 13, 1864.

I. Battery D, First West Virginia Light Artillery, Captain John Carlin commanding, now at Wheeling, W. Va., will proceed via steam-boat to parkersburg, W. Va., and take charge of the fortifications at that post, to there await the arrival of the guns and equipments of his battery. The commanding officer will report his arrival at Parkersburg to Colonel N. Wilkinson, commanding at Clarksburg, W. Va.

II. By direction of the department commander, the detachment of the Eleventh West Virginia Infantry, Major J. L. Simpson commanding will proceed via Harper's Ferry to rejoin their regiment, now at Summit Point, Va. That portion of the regiment now at New Creek, W. Va., will be held in readiness to move immediately upon the arrival of the detachment at present on duty at Parkersburg. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

III. Company G, Sixth West Virginia Infantry, now on duty at New Creek, W. Va., will proceed at once to Parkersburg, W. Va., and relieve the detachment of the Eleventh West Virginia Infantry stationed at that post. Upon being relieved by Company G, Sixth West Virginia Infantry, the detachment of the Eleventh West Virginia Infantry will move immediately to New Creek and report to Major J. L. Simpson, en route to join their regiment in the field. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Kelley:

C. A. FREEMAN,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

6 R R - VOL XLIII, PT II

