
CUMBERLAND, December 20, 1864.

Major-General CROOK,

Kernstown:

One of my scouts returned to-day bringing a prisoner captured in Hampshire Country, who represents himself as belonging to the Eighteenth Virginia Cavalry. He says that the late expedition from near Harrisonburg to Hardy County was composed of three brigades-Roseser's. Payne's, and Wickham's-under command of Rosser; that the expedition started for this place, but was deterred from carrying out the object of the movement by high water and the very bad, cold weather; that, being in the valley, they collected all the stock and other supplies they were prepared to move. He does know whether all the force returned or not.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, December 20, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General CROOK,

Kernstown:

Colonel Moore reports from Beverly that a scout has just returned from Crab Bottom and reports a cavalry force at that place of 1,800 men. The citizens reported that this force had come up from Moorefield or Petersburg. I presume this is a portion of Rosser's command resting and feeding their horses preparatory to striking Beverly or some other point on my line.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

POST HEADQUARTERS, New Creek, W. Va., December 20, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I out a secret scout yesterday, and it returned reporting to me that a party of from fifteen to twenty horse-thieves were in the neighborhood of Patterson's Creek, seven miles from here, last night. I also learn that McNeill's and Harness' commands are in the vicinity of Moorefield. This 4 p. m. I sent Major Work, Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry, with 150 men on a scout in the above-named localities, with orders to find our definitely the situation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAC. HIGGINS,

Colonel Twenty-second Pennsylvania Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Post.

HDQRS. FORCES ON RAILROAD WEST OF HANCOCK, Cumberland, Md., December 20, 1864.

Colonel J. HIGGINS,

Commanding Forces, New Creek, W. Va.:

COLONEL: The following instructions for your guidance while commanding at New Creek, w. Va., are furnished by direction of the brevet major-general commanding: You are charged especially with the duties of protecting the post of New Creek and the Government and railroad property in that vicinity, and of preserving and maintain good order and discipline among the troops of your command

