
That notice may be had of the presence and movements of the enemy in your front, you are directed to keep the country, and particularly New Creek and South Branch Valleys, well scouted by detachments from your command, and all important information derived from this or other sources will be promptly reported to these headquarters by telegraph. Care must be taken to avoid a surprise of your post or any unlooked-for demonstration of the enemy against the railroad by way of either of the valleys, and in this view the constant presence of your scouting detachments in the neighborhood indicated is of the greatest should be wholly prohibited, and no loafing or congregating together of officers and soldiers not on duty should be permitted on or about the platforms upon the arrival of cars, or at other times. Particular attention must be given to the police of camps, and a reasonable time each day will be devoted to purposes of drill. Horses and other property belonging to citizens in the valleys named will not be seized or taken except under orders from these headquarters in cases specially reported. Such protection as may be deemed sufficient will always be afforded the forage trains sent out by the quartermasters of department for needed supplies and in event of the enemy in any force demonstrating against your station or operating in the neighborhood, your forces available for the defense proper will at once be placed in the fortification, where they can operate more effectually against opposing troops. Special instruction will be given from time as occasion may require.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., December 20, 1864.

Brevet Major-General KELLEY,

Cumberland:

The following from Beverly, December 19, just received:

My scouting party has returned from Crab Bottom and Franklin with eight prisoners. Captain Evans, who commanded, reports as brigade of rebel cavalry in that neighborhood, numbering about 1,800 men. Prisoners say they left New Market about the 7th instant. They have been to Moorefield and Petersburg collecting stock, and I think if they meditated an attack on the railroad they would have made it before this. They may come here. In that case I will need ammunition and will keep you posted.

A. S. MOORE,

Colonel.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel.

WINCHESTER, VA., December 21, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I heard from General Custer at Harrisonburg. He is in fine spirits, and says he will, he hopes, spend his Christmas in Lunchburg. I heard from General Torbert last night. He was then near Sperryville. The weather is so very bad-rain, snow, and sleet-that I feel a great deal of anxiety about the horses. There are about 8,000 men on this raid; no artillery or wagons.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

