
landed here with 416. He was furnished no guard, except a few armed men of the party; the consequence was that men and guard deserted together. They arrived here at midnight, were turned out of cars and camped in old church. Shall send the party forward to-morrow. If Colonel McKelvy would separate the infantry from the cavalry and send them direct to Stephenson's Depot with veteran guardinstead of guard of bounty jumpers there would be comparatively little loss to cavalry. Land them at Sandy Hook instead of bringing them here.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

WINCHESTER, December 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

Separate the cavalry from the infantry and send it to Remount Camp.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, December 21, 1864-7.40 p. m.

General STEVENSON:

The number of men, &amp;c., transported by railroad will be ascertained as soon as possible and forwarded to the proper authority. If your dispatch to me with the intention to correct an abuse, it ought to have been in different language; otherwise it has the appearance of impertinence.

P. H. SHERIDAN,Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, December 21, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

I had nothing farther from my purpose than to be either impertinent or meddlesome. Captain Flagg, the quartermaster, informed me that the agent of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad was claiming transportation for more men than had been transported. I only desired to procure such information as would enable him to give a proper certificate. If I had supposed for one instant you would have considered me guilty of censure or impertinence I would have been silent. General, I hold you in too high respect, and too well understand my position to be intentionally guilty of either. I may have expressed myself unfortunately, and committed an error in telegraphing about a matter that did not pertain to my position, yet did so without a single though that was either disrespectful or impertinent.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., December 21, 1864.

Brevet Major-General KELLEY,

Commanding at Cumberland, Md.:

GENERAL: Your communication concerning applications made by refugees for free transportation to points farther west by railroad has

