
been received. In answer I have the honor to inform you that no orders nor have any special instructions been received at these headquarters governing such cases. But from the action of General Sheridan in furnishing transportation out of the Valley and thence to points west and east I am satisfied that such action will be approved. I learned, too, unofficially, that such transportation is not to be given to any point hold goods. Any action you may think necessary in such cases will be approved at these headquarters until further instructions have been received in these cases and others of a similar a character. Should you not feel disposed to act in the cases referred to orders will be given from here upon your recommendation and your indorsement of the character of the applicant.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH WEST VIRGINIA INFANTRY, Grafton, W. Va., December 21, 1864.

Lieutenant JAMES P. WILKINSON,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following copy of the report of Lieutenant Thomas T. Freeman, Company B of this regiment, on scouting duty in Marion and adjacent counties:

MANNINGTON, December 20, 1864.

MAJOR: Hearing of a robbery committed in Worthington, I took a squad of men to that place on the 16th instant. No rebels were found. On Saturday intelligence was brought that a robbery was committed at the house of one Henry Swiger, and that he was brutally murdered in his own house by three men painted black, supposed to be rebel guerrillas. I sent Sergeant Beaty with a few men to investigate name of John Short, who was reported engaged in the robbery of Mr. Nay's store at Worthington. He was afterwards shot (killed) on his attempt to escape from the guards. The citizens are organizing here and at other places to put down these robbers and assassins. We are acting i concert with them and no efforts will be spared on our part to accomplished so desirable an object.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

T. T. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant, &c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. PEIRPOINT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, New York City, December 21, 1864.

Major General J. C. ROBINSON,

Commanding Norther District, Albany, N. Y.:

GENERAL: There was sent you yesterday copy of order directing Lieutenant-Colonel Floyd-Jones, U. S. Army, commanding, &c., at Front Independence, Boston Harbor, to send one company of his command to Plattsburg, N. Y., to relieve the troops to report to you on being so relieved. The major-general commanding the department directs that upon the arrival of such company from Lieutenant-Colonel Floyd-Jones your order it to take post at Champlain, a village about four miles from Rouse's

