
Point. It is understood that there are barracks now there hired or owned by the village for a home-guard which the authorities have signified a willingness to turn over to the U. S. troops when they shall arrive. Fifty horses will be sent without delay to Champlain to mount that number of the troops. Cavalry equipments for some number have alert been directed to be sent to commanding officer at Plattsburg, intended for same purpose, which should be sent to Champlain also. You will make necessary arguments to hire quarters and to provide rations, forage, and care for the men and horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, December 21, 1864.

Governor ANDREW,Boston:

I find I shall be obliged to take some companies of the cavalry regiment from this State. Please, therefore, consider the communication sent to you so modified as to make the number of companies from Massachusetts five instead of nine. I will write you mail to-morrow.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., December 22, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Custer reports that at or near Harrisonburg he encountered Roseser's division of cavalry, supported by Rodes' division do infantry, the cavalry and infantry having marched from Waynesborough to meet him, and after a sharp fight before daylight he was obliged to come back. He captured 2 battle-flags and 33 prisoners. He has not yet reported to me the particulars. The fight was between Chapman's brigade, of Custer's division, and Payne's brigade, of Roser's cavalry. Payne charged Chapman's camp, but C[hapman] was ready for him. General Custer reports that Rosser's division and Rodes' division came from Waynesborough. I have not heard from Torbert, but sent this evening to apprise him of the condition of affairs with Custer. If Custer's information is correct, it will for awhile help Torbert. The weather here is intensely cold, the ground covered with snow. I am very anxious about Torbert, but think he will be able to take care of himself. Custer's men and animals suffered much.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE, Fairfax Court-House, Va., December 22, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin and the cavalry under his command have just returned. A detailed report will be sent to-morrow. One

