
CUMBERLAND, MD., December 22, 1864.

Colonel N. WILKINSON,

Clarskburg:

The following is transmitted for your information.*

The foregoing has been transmitted to General Kelley at Wheeling, and I suggest that you communicate with him on the subject.

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., December 22, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Beverly:

A large rebel cavalry force left Petersburg on the 20th, going toward West Union, south of Oakland. Keep out your scouts. Be on the alert night and day, and be prepared to move or fight at a movement's notice. They have no artillery and may move by way of Seneca. Keep me promptly advised of the enemy's approach.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

LOUP CREEK, December 22, 1864.

Colonel J. H. OLEY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Charleston:

Two of my scouts returned from Raleigh Court-House last evening. They report that Witcher has gone to Saltville with all of his command. Sweeney's company [battalion] has been broken up. Part of his men went off with Witcher; the rest is scattered. Thurmond, who is now at Crump's Bottom, beyond New River, says that he shall disband his company or march it into the Federal lines before he will go to Richmond. There has been quite a stir among the bushwhackers by reason of some of them being ordered to Richmond-this is what broke up Sweeney's company [battalion].

J. WHITLEY,

Captain, Commanding Post.

WINCHESTER, VA., December 22, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Governor Boreman's telegram received. If I were to make disposition of the troops of my command in accordance with the information received from the commanders in the Department of Western Virginia, who I have found, as a general thing, always alarming in their reports and stupid in their duties and actions, I certainly would have my hands full. I believe many of them to be more interested in coal-oil than in the public service. It was only yesterday that Rosser was at Crab Bottom-according to their reports, on which, at the suggestion of General Crook, I sent a regiment to Beverly; it was only two or three days previous that Rosser was at Romney, &c. They have annoyed me until, with your section, I would take great pleasure in bringing some of them to grief.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Higgins to Melvin, in Kennedy to Crook, p. 822.

---------------

