
WAR DEPARTMENT, December 23, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Winchester:

No one, that I am aware of, has asked you to make disposition of your troops in accordance with the information received from the commanders in the Department of Virginia. Governor Boremman's dispatch was received in the night, and sent by the operator in accordance with general instructions to give military commanders every reports that comes here in respect to movements of the enemy in their commands. They are expected to from their own judgment its value. It has been supposed that such information might be useful and desired by you, as it is by other commanders who are your senior in the service, without provoking improper insinuations against the State authorities or disrespectful reply. With your subordinate commanders you will take such action as you please, but such reports as come to this Department in relation to the movements of the enemy will be forwarded as heretofore, and will be forewarned as heretofore, and will be expected to be received with the respect due the Department of which you are a subordinate.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WINCHESTER, VA., December 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS:

Should you get any more news of General Torbert in the Richmond papers of to-day please telegraph. I am very anxious about him. The weather has been so cold and stormy since he left that his trip will, I fear, be an embarrassing one.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 120. December 23, 1864.

* * * *

5. Captain George Lee, assistant adjutant-general, having reported for duty at these headquarters, is announced as serving on the staff of the major-general commanding. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS, December 23, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR,

Winchester, V.,;

Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin has returned without loss. Brought in fifteen of Mosby's men; so reported.

Respectfully,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

