
4. Previously to the Third Massachusetts Cavalry leaving for Pleasant Valley its commanding officer will report in person to Major-General Crook, commanding Department of West Virginia, to receive instructions in regard to escorting surplus artillery from Stephenson's Depot to Harper's Ferry.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, December 24, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General CROOK,

Kernstown:

My cavalry scout to Petersburg returned last night to New Creek. Report no enemy west of the South Branch River. Confirm the former report of a rebel cavalry force being in the neighborhood of Franklin, collecting forage and subsistence; also that McNeill's, Woodson's, and Harness's companies are in the neighborhood of Moorefield, on the South Fork. Scout to the month of Seneca not yet heard from.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

(Copy to General Sheridan.)
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, December 24, 1864.

Brevet Major-General KELLEY,Cumberland:

It seems impossible to me that there can be any considerable force of the enemy's cavalry about Franklin or Moorefield. Custer found Rosser at Harrisonburg on the 21st, and General Torbert attacked Lomax, who has the Valley cavalry, near Gordonsville, on the 22nd. I feel certain that there is in and about the South Branch Valley a small scattering force, but have not regarded it as formidable. Keep your scouts well out and let me know any information obtained. Citizens, as a general thing, magnify.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, December 24, 1864.

Major-General CROOK,

Kerstown:

Captain Rohrbough of the State troops arrived at New Creek this evening. Reports that a rebel cavalry force of 600 strong attacked Captain Bond's company of State troops on the 21st, between Franklin and Petersburg, killing five of his men and wounding others. Captain Rohrbough reports this force back again to Petersburg. I have cavalry scouts out in that direction. Will learn more to-morrow.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

(Copy to General Sheridan.)

