
CUMBERLAND, MD., December 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram of yesterday just received. The latest information I have from the South Branch Valley is that quite a large rebel force of cavalry was at Petersburg on Wednesday, the 20th; left there about noon of that day; reported to be moving in the direction of West Union, on the Northwestern pike, in Preston Country. I at once sent scouts and ascertained that this information as to direction was incorrect, the rebels having, instead, gone up the valley toward Franklin. A scout from month of Seneca reports the Sixty-second (rebel) [Virginia] Cavalry now at Franklin. I am of the opinion that the rebel force in the upper part of the South Branch Valley is Imboden's, with, perhaps, a portion of Jackson's brigade. I have sent a cavalry scouting party up the North Fork to mouth of Seneca, with orders to communicate with Captain Boggs, of the State troops (Swamp Dragons) in Pendleton, and ascertain, definitely, what rebel cavalry is in Pendleton and Highland Counties and their probable strength. No rebel force in or about Moorefield, excepting McNeill's, Harness', and Woodson's commands of Partisan Rangers.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brevet Major-General.

(Copy to General Crook.)
HDQRS. INDEPENDENT LOUNDON (VIRGINIA) RANGERS, Point of Rocks, Md., December 25, 1864.

Lieutenant S. F. ADAMS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that a detachment of this command (dismounted), commanded by Captain Grubb, left camp yesterday at 4 p. m., and proceeded to Waterford, Loundon County, Va. Received information there that about one-half of White's (rebel) battalion would be in town that night. After remaining there for several hours they set out on their return. Reached Colonel Giddings' about 12 p. m., where they remained all night. Left there at daylight, and, before reaching Taylorstown, learned that a party of the enemy, numbering sixteen men, had killed Sergeant Anderson and captured Sergeant Hickman, of Company A, and captured Sergeant Hickman, of Company B, of this command. Received information that 400 of the enemy had stayed all night at Rehoboth Church, near Morrisonville, last night; but whether it was reliable or not I am unable to say. Reached camp at 11 a. m. to-day.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

DANIEL M. KEYES,

Captain, Commanding Independent Loudoun (Virginia) Rangers.

CUMBERLAND, December 25, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Major-General CROOK,

Kerstwon:

Not yet heard from my scouting parties sent toward Petersburg and the mouth of Seneca. Eleven deserters from Ealry's army came to New Creek Station to-day. They report Rosser near Harrisonburg. They also report the force in the upper part of the South Branch Val-

