
CUMBERLAND, December 25, 1864.

Colonel J. HIGGINS:

Have you any news this morning from any source? Does Captain Rohrbough, of State Gurds, bring any reports of Rosser's forces received from citizens or others? If so report fully.

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

POST HEADQUARTERS, New Creek, December 25, 1864-6 p. m.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: My scouting parties sent yesterday in the direction of Petersburg and Seneca Gap have not reported. Eleven deserters from Early's command came in to-day. They report Rosser in the Shenandoah Valley, and Wickham's command (from 600 to 800) in the vicinity of Petersburg and Franklin foraging off the country. They are expecting to return to the Valley soon. Captain Rohrbough will report to you in person to-morrow.

JACOB HIGGINS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

WINCHESTER, VA., December 26, 1864-11 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have the honor to transmit the following report, just received, from General Torbert:

DECEMBER 26, 1864-6 a. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

I have the honor to report that on Thursday, the 22nd, I reached the Rapidan at Liberty Mills, having driven Jackson's brigade of cavalry from Madison Court-House. At Liberty Mills Jackson made a junction with McCausland, with two pieces of artillery. I drove them across the river, but they had the bridge mined and it below up as my men got to it. It was impossible to force a crossing in front, so I made a detour on both flanks of five or six miles, which turned them out of their position and we captured their artillery (two pieces) and several prisoners. This move took till 8 or 9 o'clock at night. Next morning I pushed on toward Gordonsville and I found them strongly posted in the gap, and I could not drive them out with 2,000 men, and I was making a movement to turn the position when infantry commenced south of Warrenton, and may be on the Little River turnpike to-night. I will try to come through Ashby's Gap. My men and horses suffered almost beyond description with cold and bad weather. I captured one herd of cattle going south-about 200 head. I received your dispatches concerning Custer. I heard nothing of matters in the Valley before I got your dispatches, and expected more trouble in my rear, but thus far have not been troubled.

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 29. December 26, 1864.

Commanding generals of departments and corps will, without delay, if they have not already done so, designate a chief of artillery and an inspector of artillery for their respective commands. The names of these officers will be forwarded to these headquarters for the informa-

