HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Chambersburg, Pa., September 13, 1864.

Colonel F. ASBURY AWL,

Commanding 201st Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you march your regiment as follows: On the 14th instant march from your present camp via Saint Thomas to Bridgeport; on the 15th instant march from Bridgeport to Cashtown; on the 16th instant march from Cashtown via Rutt's corner (which is three miles from Cashtown on the road to Chambersburg), where you will turn to the left and march by shortest line back to your present camp. The sick will be left in camp in charge of a medical officer. An officer with a small squad of men will be left to guard the stores, camp, &amp;c. You can make arrangements to have rations meet you at Cashtown. The march will be an easy one, with frequent halts. No straggling, pilfering, or interfering with private property in any way will be allowed. The Keystone Battery, Captain M. Hastings commanding, will be ordered to report to you on the morning of the 14th. You will direct it to proceed with you, and will be under your orders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ELMIRA, September 13, 1864.

(Received 6 p. m.)

General L. THOMAS:

I am receipt of telegram of yesterday, informing me that I am assigned to command of Military District of Western New York. I have reported to General Dix as directed.

A. S. DIVEN.

CITY POINT, VA., September 14, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington:

I will leave here to-morrow morning for the Shenandoah Valley to see Sheridan. Will not pass through Washington either going or coming unless it is the wish of the President or Secretary of War I should do so. Everything is very quiet here, and all indications are that it will remain so until I take the offensive.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, September 14, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

If anything should require your presence here notice will be given. At present there is no reason to change your plans.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, September 14, 1864 - 1 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

It is represented to me by reliable business men that the long and continued interruption of the Ohio and Chesapeake Canal and Baltimore

