
tion of the chief of artillery of the division. A thorough inspection of the artillery of departments and corps, including light batteries and troops in field-works or fortifications, will be made once each month by inspectors of artillery. Copies of the reports of these inspections will be forwarded by the 30th of the month to the inspector of artillery at these headquarters. Where a department or corps is so extensive that the inspector cannot make the required inspection he will be assisted by officers appointed for the purpose by the department or corps commander. Their reports will transmit, as soon as practicable,to the chief of artillery at these headquarters a detailed report of the work or permanent work), the number and kind of guns, the amount of ammunition per gun, the number of officers and men, the number of horses (if any) serviceable and unserviceable, and any other information which may lead to a correct understanding of the artillery of this division. Reports of a similar nature will be forwarded before the 10th of each month for the month preceding. When the troops of a department or corps are engaged in operations in the field, the batteries accompanying such troops will be organized as a brigade-the brigade to be commanded by the chief of artillery of the department of corps. To each brigade of artillery there will be attached the following officers constituting the staff of the commander thereof: one assistant adjutant-general, one inspector of artillery, one assistant quartermaster, one commissary of subsistence, one ordnance officer. The ordnance officer of the artillery brigade will, under the direction of the chief of artillery, have control of all artillery ammunition, excepting that in the hands of battery commanders, and will be required to keep in the ordnance train of the brigade the number of rounds per gun that may be ordered by the brigade commander.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, December 26, 1864.

Captain MORROW,Commanding Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Hagerstown:

You will be governed in your duties guarding the fords at Williamsport and picketing the river by such orders as you from time to time receive from General Stevenson, commanding District of Harper's Ferry. General Stevenson will also give you instructions relative to the passing of citizens, soldiers, &amp;c.

By order of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

(Copy to General Stevenson.)

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 27, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Winchester:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 25th asking authority to issue rations to people of the country between Winchester and Staunton has been received and submitted to the Secretary of War. I am di-

