
rected to reply that it is within the authority of a commanding officer to afford temporary relief to those whom the fortunes of war have placed in his hands or under his immediate protection, but that no authority can be given for the subsistence of rebel families outside of our lines, nor even within, and longer than till they can be removed or sent to their friends and natural protectors. The disloyal people of the Shenandoah, south of Winchester and outside of our lines, have been and are now at full liberty to join friends in the rebel service or in other places in the rebel territory. The disloyal within our lines should be sent South to feed upon the enemy. Loyal refugees should be temporarily assisted and sent North, where they can earn a livelihood. While the men of Virginia are either serving in the rebel ranks, or as bushwhackers are waylaying or murdering our soldiers, our Government other sufficient reasons the Secretary of War has declined to approve your application, except to the limited extend above mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WINCHESTER, December 27, 1864. (Received 8.50 a. m. 28th.)

Major-General AUGUR:

General Torbert has returned with his command. He did not succeed in getting into Gordonsville. He captured two pieces of artillery from the rebel cavalry at Liberty Mills.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE, Fairfax Court-House, Va., December 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington:

SIR: I have been collecting from various sources all the information possible in regard to Mosby being wounded. The wounding of the rebel major mentioned in Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin's report occurred, as I am informed, in this manner: Major Frazar, with a part of the Thirteenth and Sixteenth New York Cavalry, while passing a farm-house in the vicinity of Middleburg, saw a saddled horse fastened to a fence and went to the house. A rebel officer inside came to the door with his boots off and fired his revolver at our men. The men, of course, returned the fire and the officer was shot in the body. Major Frazar did not search the officer for papers, nor inquire who he was from the people in the house; neither did he search the house; and, although two ambulances and a medical officer were with the command, the wounded rebel officer was not examined or brought in; all of which, in my opinion, any good efficient officer should have done. I am also informed that Major Frazar was too much under the influence of liquor to perform his duty at that time in a proper manner. Whether the rebel officer observed to be shot, in this house was Mosby, or that Mosby was in the same room at the time this officer and wounded by the fire of our men into the room, I am as yet unable to ascertain with any

