
degree of certainty, because I have heard so many conflicting accounts in regard to it. Under the circumstances I have deemed it best to send Major Frezer, with 300 men, to scour that neighborhood and ascertain if possible something definite about it, he being the officer present at the time the rebel officer was shot in the house where it is supposed Mosby was wounded. I have considered it my duty to report all the information I have yet been able to obtain, as stated before, in regard to the manner.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS, Washington, D. C., December 27, 1864-3.20 p. m.

Colonel WILLIAM GAMLE,Commanding First Separate Brigade, Fairfax Court-House:

COLONEL: The major of rebels reported wounded by Colonel Clendenin was Mosby. He is in the vicinity of the place where he was shot. Let the party now out endeavor to find him. The information is unable.

Respectfully,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, December 27, 1864. (Received 7 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

Reports have been received from Fairfax Station and Vienna. All quiet. No reports from Colonel Gansevoort at Prospect Hill, although I have repeatedly ordered him to send his reports at the proper time. The scout under Captain Sargent, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, sent out last night, has returned. He arrived at Thoroughfare Gap two hours too late, and only captured two prisoners, who escaped in the darkness by the negligence of Lieutenant Kennedy, Eighth Illinois. I will send out Major Frazar, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, and 300 men, to-morrow at dark, so as to make a night march unobserved, to the vicinity of Middleburg, to ascertain about the wounded rebel officer mentioned in your telegram of to-day.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, December 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report all quiet on the line between Fairfax Court-House and Vienna. The report from Prospect Hill I have not received. From information which I have just received, I will send in an hour 400 men of Eighth Illinois Cavalry to attend a ball at Mrs.

