
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 30. December 28, 1864.

Corps and amy commanders are authorized to grant leaves of absence to officers and furloughs to enlisted men, under the following regulations:

1. That in no case will the number of officers allowed to be absent exceed for a regiment one field officers and three line officers.

2. Furloughs granted to enlisted men shall non exceed in number at one time 5 to every 100 men present for duty, and these only to men who have faithfully performed their duties.

3. Not more than one officer will be absent on leave from a battery at one time.

4. Not more than two brigade commanders will be allowed to be absent from a corps at one time.

5. Not more than one division commander to be absent from a corps at one time, and his leave to be granted from these headquarters.

6. Leaves of furloughs not to exceed fifteen days, except to residents of the following States: Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Ohio, Michigan, and the States west of these last named, when twenty days may be grated.

7. Leaves to staff officers, other than aides, will only be granted on the recommendation of the chiefs of the departments at these headquarters. The commanding general permitting so large a portion of absences must hold to strict accountability every and man that he returns to his command promptly at the expiration of his leave.

Corps commanders will immediately report all such cases of neglect to these headquarters that summary action may be taken.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 125. December 28, 1864.

* * * *

5. Brevet Brigadier General William B. Tibbits is hereby assigned to the command of the Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, Department of West Virginia.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, December 28, 1864. (Received 7.30 p. m.)

Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: We have a report from Fairfax Court-House of the death of Mosby. The pickets at Vienna were fired on during last night; otherwise all is quiet.

H. H. WELLS,

Colonel, Commanding.

