
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, December 29, 1864.

Corps and army commanders will send to these headquarters recommendations for brevets for officers who have earned the same by gallant and meritorious conduct.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, December 29, 1864. (Received 5.45 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR:

Reports from Prospect Hill, Vienna, and Fairfax Station have been just received. All quiet along this line. The scouting detachment of 300 men under Major Frazar, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, left Prospect Hill for the country in the vicinity of Middleburg at 5 p. m. yesterday. Upon its return a report of the result will be promptly forwarded.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Winchester, Va., December 29, 1864.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,Commanding Nineteenth Corps:

The general commanding directs that your order a strong regiment from your command to march to-morrow morning to the Opequon crossing and relieve the troops of General Crook's command, now stationed at that point.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 128. December 20, 1864.

* * * *

3. The troops of the Nineteenth Army Corps will move to-morrow at 8 a. m. to a camp more convenient to wood and forage, about eight miles distant. All empty wagons belonging to the supply and other trains will be equally divided amounts the brigades, to transport as much material as may be convenient for hunting, but great care will be taken that no public property of any kind is left behind. The spare wagons will, if possible, be distributed to-night. The train will be loaded and start at 7 a. m. in advance of the troops. All soldiers out as safeguards will be notified to-night to report at daybreak to-morrow to their respective commands.

The following will be the order of march: first, ammunition train to start at 7 a.m .; second, the other trains in the order of their respective divisions and brigades; third, the Second Division; fourth, the artillery; fifth the First Division.

