
If the ground is frozen the troops will march by the side of the pike-Second Division on the right of the pike, First Division on the left of the pike.

It is very necessary for the comfort of the troops that the movement, particularly of the wagons, shall be as prompt as possible, so that the march may be completed before the midday thaw and in time for the troops to hut themselves before night.

Division commanders may leave behind two full companies, or 200 men from each brigade, to protect the brick and lumber, which it is intended to haul to the new camp.

The ground to be occupied by First and Second Divisions and the artillery has been pointed out to Colonel Sizer, assistant inspector-general, and Major Oltmanns, topographical officer, who will point it out to the troops as they arrive on the ground near Stephenson's Depot.

By command of Brevet Major-General Emory:

PETER FRENCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, December 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General DUVAL,Commanding Division, Stephenson's Depot:

The major-general commanding directs you move with your division to-morrow morning to Martinsburg, Va. On your arrival at that place you will detail two good regiments to report for duty to Brigadier-General Seward, commanding the garrison at that place. You will hold your division at Martinsburg subject to the orders of Major-General Crook, commanding the Department of West Virginia. General Crook is at Cumberland, and will be advised of this movement. The troops now at the Opequon you will keep there until they are relieved by a regiment from General Emory's command. As soon as they are relieved you will order them to join you at Martinsburg, Va.

Respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, December 29, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM H. POWELL,Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry directs, when you take up the new position for your division, you will cover the Millwood pike, Berryville pike, and the country between these two pickets; also the roads by Jordan Springs across the Opequon. There should be 100 men on the Berryville pike where it crosses the Opequon, and a temporary shelter should be put up for the horses. On the Millwood pike the same number of men will be posted well down near the Opequon, convenient to water, where the same instructions will be carried out as to shelter and stockade. The balance of the picketing may be carried out as to shelter and stockade. The balance of the picketing may be regulated by your own good judgment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

