HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, December 29, 1864.

Brevet Major-General CUSTER,Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry directs that you post 100 men on the Valley pike near the Opequon,. and that shelter for that number of horses be made when they are stationed, and that a protection of stone or wood be put up for the horses and men. It is possible that the Nineteenth Corps, which moves in the morning, may leave some stables on the Valley pike. You will also station fifty men from two and a half to three miles from your camp, where the same instructions as to halter and protection will be carried out. When the First Division moves you will have to cover the Front Royal pike. Notification will be sent you.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., December 29, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have satisfactory evidence that Mosby was actually shot near Middleburg, Londoun County, as reported. He is not dead, but severely, if not mortally, wounded. His death was reported with a view to direct attention from him whilst wounded. He was shot by a Federal scout.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, December 29, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

I have very satisfactory evidence that Mosby was actually shot in a house near Middleburg. H is not dead, but severely or mortally wounded. He was lying in Middleburg and is either there yet or at the house of a man by the name of Joe or Jim Blackwell, about five miles from Piedmont, to which my informant thinks he has been removed. The story of his death is not true, but given out to prevent his capture while wounded. He stays at Middleburg at the house of a man by the name of Rogers.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, December 29, 1864.

General STEVENSON:

Mosby was shot by a party from General Augur's command at Rector's Cross-Roads. There were two or three men in the party; they fired at Mosby and some of his men through the windows, wounding Mosby in the abdomen. He was then moved to the house of Widow Glasscock. Torbert tried to catch him there, but he had been taken away in an ambulance. Torbert searched the house of rogers, at Mid-

