
dleburg, but he was not there. Mosby's wound is mortal. He and his party were eating supper when the attack was made on the house by General Augur's men.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, December 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

Will you place tell me which division of cavalry the general designs sending to Lovettsville, and when it will come down. There are many officers and men making inquiry for their commands, and I have to send them sall to front, and not infrequently annoy you about their women. I gave this evening a pass to one, but think the general will not object, as it is an exceptional case.

Respectfully,

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FORCES WEST OF HANCOCK, MD., No. 59. Cumberland, Md., December 29, 1864.

I. The Thirty-fourth Ohio Infantry will take post at Beverly, relieving the Eighth Ohio Cavalry.

II. The Eighth Ohio Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Youart commanding, will proceed to Philippi, W. Va., and there take station, leaving, however, one company at Beverly for duty at that post.

* * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Kelley:

T. MELVIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

POST HEADQUARTERS, New Creek, W. Va., December 29, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that Captain French, Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry, returned from a scout to Seneca Gap. He reports seeing no enemy, but learned that some 300 rebel cavalry are in the vicinity of Petersburg and Franklin. He also reports having received information from Captain Boggs (State Guards) and other reliable sources that the rebels have a corral of some 500 horses, which they are recruiting up. This corral is twelve miles from Seneca Gap, State Guards that this lot of horses can be captured. I have now received forage for my horses, and propose to send out an expedition the beginning of next week.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAC. HIGGINS,

Colonel Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding Post.

