
and Ohio Railroad is very seriously affecting the supply of provisions and fuel for public and private use in Baltimore, Washington, Gergetown, and Alexandria. Unless the canal can be opened very soon a sufficient supply of winter's coal cannot be procured before the close of navigation. The gas companies are already thinking to stop their works for want of coal. The canal and railroad have been several times repaired, and as often destroyed. They, therefore, urge the great importance of driving Early far enough south to secure these lines of communication from rebel raids, and that if Sheridan is not strong enough to do this he should be re-enforced. I respectfully communicate the substance of these representations for your consideration.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, No. 229. September 14, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. The following-named unattached companies Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, having reported at these headquarters in obedience to orders, will be reported without delay to Brigadier-General Hardin, commanding division, for duty: Seventeenth Company, Captain Richard Phillips; Nineteenth Company, Captain James H. Wade; Twentieth Company, Captain J. O. Bemis; Twenty-first Company, Captain C. P. Winslow; Twenty-second Company, Captain George T. Fayerweather; Twenty-seventh Company, Captain James McDavitt.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Augur:

C. H. RAYMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,

September 14, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM GAMBLE,

Commanding Camp Stoneman:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that all officers and enlisted men fit for duty, equipped and mounted, belonging to the Reserve Brigade and the First and Third Divisions be prepared to move to rejoin their regiments. Martin's battery horse artillery will march from Camp Barry, under escort of the detachment, to the headquarters Middle Military Division. Send an officer to Camp Barry to ascertain the hour at which the battery will be ready to move, and make the necessary arrangements. Report the departure and strength of the detachment in accordance with General Orders, No. 52, headquarters Department of Washington, November 19, 1863, paragraph 22.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

