
Cumberland, Md., by railroad, and report to Captain H. A. Du Pont, chief artillery. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By command of Major-General Crook:

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. PICKET RESERVE, 1ST BRIG, 3RD DIV., CAV. CORPS, December 30, 1864.

Captain C. H. MILLER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I relieved Captain-, Second New York Cavalry, at 10 o'clock this morning. At the time I relieved him he had out seven posts, three reserves, one of thirty men and two officers, one of fifteen men and a non-commissioned officer, of the day visited me at 10.30 a. m., and the division officer of the day at 12.30 p. m. with the division inspectors. At his time they changed my line, having but four posts on, and changing my reserves, having ten men and a sergeant for one, and the other twenty men and an officer men and a sergeant for one, and the other twenty men and an officer with orders that I should put on fourteen posts at night. The dismounted men were ordered to take up their post at a stone barn about 300 yards in the rear of the mounted reserve, and to barricade it so as to be able to hold it against any small force of the enemy that might attack them. The patrol that I sent out toward Eider Creek report nothing of men belonging to the Thrid Division outside of the lines. Most of them belong to the Second Brigade. I sent them to their regiments under guard. The officer I relieved this morning said that no General Sheridan. There is a citizen here with a pass from General Custer signed by Captain C. W. Lee. Will you be kind enough to let me know, by bearer, if this pass is good, and if I shall allow men to pass who have passes from Generals Torbert and Custer?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. M,. MURPHY,

Captain Third New Jersey Cavalry, Commanding Pickets.

[First indorsement .]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADIER, THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, December 30, 1864.,Respectfully forwarded.

A. C. M. PENNINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, December 31, 1864.,Respectfully returned with the information that papers from these headquarters, signed by proper authority, will be respected by all officers and men of this command and at all times.

By command of Brevet Major-General Custer:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

