HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILIARY DIVISION, December 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

I ordered two regiments from General Crook's command to report to Brigadier-General Seward, at Martinsburg. They were two good-sized regiments. I will probably relieve the two regiments of the Nineteenth Corps now with him, but not for a few days. General Devin's brigade of cavalry started for your place this morning, to go to Lowettsville, in Londoun. I will send my quartermaster down to-morrow to consult with you in reference to forage and supplies; also, I will send down the chief of artillery to regulate about the mounted batteries at Harper's Ferry.

P. H. SHERIDAN,Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., December 31, 1864.

General AUGUR:

Your telegram about Mosby was received last night. He was killed by a small scouting party from your command, and was first taken to the house of Widow Glasscock, not far from Rector's Cross-Roads. We are having another heavy snow-storm here this morning.

P. H. SHERIDAN.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, December 31, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM GAMBLE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: In obedience to your command I have the honor to report concerning the wounding of Colonel Mosby. He was shot by a man of my advance guard under Captain Brown, in Mr. Lake's house, near the Rector's Cross-Roads, on the evening of the 21st instant, about 9 p. m., at which time I was in command of the Sixteenth and Thirteenth New York Regiments. Several shots were fired, and I was informed that a rebel lieutenant was wounded. I immediately dismounted and entered the house, and found a man lying on the floor, apparently in great agony. I asked him his name; he answered, Lieutenant Johnston, Sixth Virginia Cavalry. He was in his shirt sleeves-light blue cotton shirt- no hat, no boots, and no insignia of rank; nothing to denote in the slightest degree that he was not what he pretended to be. I told him I must see his wounded to see whether to bring him or not. I opened, myself, his pants, and found that a pistol bullet had entered the abdomen about who inches below and to the left of the navel; a wound that I felt assured was mortal. I therefore ordered all from the room, remarking, he will die in twenty- four hour. Being behind time,on to meet Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin at Middleburg, according to orders received. Nearly every officer of my command, if not all, saw this wounded man, and no one had the slightest idea that it was Mosby. Captain Brown and Major Birdsall were both in the room with me when this occurred.

After arrival at Middleburg I report the fact of having wounded a rebel lieutenant to Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin. As soon as the camp-fires were lit so that things could be seen, an orderly brought me Mosby's hat, dressed with gold cord and star. I then immediately knew it must be a field officer. I took the hat and went immediately in

