
amongst the prisons, eight in number, of Mosby's men that I had captured, and told them that the man who wore that cap was shot dead, and asked them if it was Mosby or not; that it was not Mosby; that he never had such a hat, &amp;c. Some of them said that it was Major Johnston, Sixth Virginia Cavalry, home on leave. In the morning I reported the facts and showed the cap to Colonel Cledenin and Mr. Davis, the guide; all this, while I considered, as did all my other officers, that the wound was mortal. From Middleburg I came to camp. On this scout, from which I have just returned to-day, I have the honor to state that the man shot in Lake's house was Colonel Mosby. He was moved half an hour after he was shot to Quilly Glasscock's, about one mile and a half distant, where he remained there days, and had the ball extracted, it having passed around or through the bowels, coming out behind the right thing. I conversed with several persons who saw him; he was very low the first two days, the third much better. I tracked him to Piedmont, thence to Salem, and out of Salem toward Warrenton pike. I met pickets in various parts of the country, and understand that till within the last night or two that they have extended as far down as Aldie. Various signalizing was carried on by means of white flags above Piedmont. Several persons who saw him in the ambulance report his spitting blood, and it seems to be the general impression that he cannot live. There is no doubt in my mind but what he is yet in the country, concealed; seriously, if not mortally, wounded. In both expeditions I lost neither man nor horse, and captured nine prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DOUGLAS FRAZAR,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE, Fairfax Court-House, Va., January 1, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded t o department headquarters.

I exceedingly regret that such a blunder was made. I have given directions that all wounded officers and men of the enemy be hereafter brought in, although I thought any officer ought to have brains and common sense enough to do so without an order.

W. GAMBLE,Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WINCHESTER, December 31, 1864.

General EMORY:

How are you getting along? This storm is unfortunate. I have no news to-day, except the death of Mosby. He died from his wounds at Charlottesville.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 130. December 31, 1864.

* * * *

3. Upon the recommendation of the division commander, the Fourth Brigade of the Second Division is hereby discontinued, and the regi-

