HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22ND ARMY CORPS,September 14, 1864.

Colonel H. M. LAZELLE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 13th instant, and to inform you that the proposed scout to the Rapidan is approved.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,September 14, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL; The term of service of Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, who has been for a long time chief of artillery of this corps, is about to expire, and I am desirous that he should be retained in that position, if practicable. His regiment, the First Rhode Island Light Artillery, was mustered in by batteries, the difference in time between the dates of muster of the first and last being more than two months, so that the batteries are being mustered out as their terms of service expire. The last battery will have accomplished its three years' service in May next. By some special arrangement the field and staff were mustered in before the regimental organization was compete, and their term of service therefore expires before that of four of the batteries. Colonel Tompkins is the only one of those originally mustered, and there is at present no regimental staff. Of the other field officers now belonging to the regiment, the major is absent on sick leave, and the period of his return uncertain, while the lieutenant-colonel is chief of artillery in the [Ninth] Corps, so that neither is available to take the place as chief of artillery in this corps.

I have, therefore, the honor to recommend that authority be given for the retention of Colonel Tompkins in service till the term of service of the last battery of his regiments expires, and that he be permitted to remain till then in his present position. The interests of the artillery arm of this corps, in which there are twelve assigned batteries, require that the chief of artillery should have rank above the battery commanders, and Colonel Tompkins has, by his service of three years, shown that he is admirably fitted for the position. His muster-out will be a loss to the service and I therefore trust that his retention, as recommended, may be authorized.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 14, 1864 - 10.15 p. m.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that a deserter from the enemy reports that early this morning Rodes' and Ramseur's divisions moved from Brucetown in the

