
direction of Winchester, and that it wa reported in their camps that they would make an attack on the Berryville pike. As a precautionary measure, General Sheridan thinks that it will be best to have your command on the alert early in the morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,September 14, 1864 - 11.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General McINTOSH,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: Under instructions from the chief of cavalry, you will send a regiment from your brigade at daylight to-morrow morning to the crossing of the Berryville and Winchester okie the Opequon, and order the regiment on picket on that pike to send frequent patrols to the crossing during to-night, reporting at once if any movement on the part of the enemy is detected.

By command of Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,September 14, 1864 - 9 a. m.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT:

The enemy attacked and pressed the skirmish line of my advance back to Bunker Hill last evening. They have a brigade on picket there this morning. Scouts from within their lines report no indications of an immediate movement. Deserters say that their pioneers are building pontoons; this is not not through reliable. I can watch this valley as well by having one brigade at Leetown and one near the stone brigade as by posting both or either here. We need pay. Officers desire opportunities to make up long neglected or delayed accounts, and much business is to transacted which cannot be attended to in presence of the enemy. i have to change the arms of two regiments to-day. I shall therefore move one brigade to Leetown and one to Tabler's, near stone bridge, picketing the Valley from Dandrige's to Boyd's Gap, with frequent patrols to the enemy. A negro recently laboring in the enemy's commissariat, near General early's headquarters, came in leads evening, and reports that he heard officers about headquarters speaking on Saturday of falling back to Strasburg. They have parties out fifteen and twenty miles purchasing cattle. Eleven prisoners were sent to Harper's Ferry yesterday; I have some more to-day.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Darkesville, September 14, 1864.

Colonel SCHOONMAKER, First Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding desires that you will camp your brigade east of martinsburg, near the point occupied last winter by

