
Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: I have a brigade on picket on the Martinsburg pike, about a mile in front of the stone house at which the Brucetown road strikes the pike. My other brigades are abut opposite Wharton (west of the pike.) Have no orders for the morning, but except to meet Averell of course. Don't move without letting me know, for you leave my camp open when your move.

I am, general, yours, truly and respectfully,

R. E. RODES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,September 2, 1864-8.45 p. m.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Early directs that you have your command ready to move at once.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEPHENSON'S DEPOT, September 2, 1864-9 a. m.

Lieutenant-General ANDERSON:

GENERAL: I received this morning one or two dispatches from General Fits Lee, informing me that the enemy's cavalry in heavy force was at Berryville and on the Millwood and Front Royal road and advancing. This determined me to run across the country toward Berryville by Stone Chapel, and I accordingly did move and got within two miles of Summit Point, and was about moving up to that point when I received information that a heavy cavalry force had attacked Vaughn's and Johnson's brigades and routed them, and was advancing up the pike burning wagons, &c. This caused me to turn back, and I moved my force toward Brucetown, and found the enemy's calvary had been driven back by Rodes' division, and I moved to this vicinity to encamp; and I now hear that all the enemy's cavalry fell back from Berryville last night, and that a force of 200 of 300 stamped the cavalry on the Martinsburg pike, kicking up all the fuss that was made. General Lee reports that he has information that the Sixth Corps is ordered to Grant. A lady, just from Berryville, assures me that the enemy's cavalry fell back last night, and this latter information I can rely on. I think it not improbable that Grant has called for some of the force here, and perhaps the Sixth Corps is ordered to him. I shall move back to-morrow to Bunker Hill, and next day I shall move toward Charlestown and attack the enemy wherever I find him. I have received a letter from General Lee, in which he states that he is in need of Kershaw's division if it can be spared from the Valley. Of course I cannot decide this question, but I think I would respectfully suggest that you had better hold it in readiness t move at a moment's notice if required. I think it would be better for your to move across by Millwood, through Ashby's Gap, so as to give the appearance of moving on Washington. I should like to see you, but I can't leave my troops for fear of some mishap, and if you could ride to this place by 9 o'clock in the morning I would be much obliged.

Yours, respectfully,

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

