
NEAR WOOD'S MILL, September 3, 1864-10 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. SORREL:

COLONEL: Scouts report a heavy force of enemy's cavalry, with artillery, passing Dr. Randolph's this morning, toward the Valley pike. They will probably strike it about Newtown or Middletown. All of our available cavalry has been ordered in that direction. Your pickets on Front Royal road had better be cautioned of this move, and pickets had better be thrown out on Valley pike until our cavalry can get on it.

Respectfully,

FITZ LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, September 3, 1864-6 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. SORREL:

COLONEL: General Lee suggests that if you see any of Mosby's men you inform him that the Yankees are on a raid and may go through Front Royal, and instruct him to look out for them in Madison and Culpeper. At last accounts the enemy were skirmishing near Newtown, and were also reported going toward Front Royal with the intention of going up Luray Valley.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. FERGUSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,September 7, 1864.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Early directs me to say that he wishes your pickets kept vigilant and active, and, as the enemy's cavalry is again making some demonstrations, you will have your command in readiness to move at notice.

I am, general, respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA AND E. TENNESSEE,Dublin, September 7, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have now been in command of this department for a week, during which time I have been industriously at work endeavoring to inform myself of its condition. It is due to the Government and to all parties concerned that I should state that I have found almost everything in the worst possible condition. The troops are almost without organization and without discipline. When I reached here some 600 or more of the troops in the field were reported to me as entirely without arms, and, of course, valueless as soldiers. This state of things resulted from the fragmentary character of the different commands.

