
has existed for some time as to the condition and effectiveness of the troops. In order to produce a thorough reform I need very much the services of one or two rigid and experienced inspectors, who, I hope, will be sent as soon as possible to me. I also need the services of an active and systematic ordnance officer, and I would be glad if one can be spared from Richmond, and that he would be sent to me, at least temporarily. I am, endeavoring as rapidly as rapidly as possible t make the reserve forces effective.

I have now three battalions of these troops, which have been organized in Southwestern Virginia, which could all be made quiet efficient if they had not had the power to select their own field officers. They will at nay rate, however, perform pretty good service I believe. The condition of East Tennessee is a very bad one, the large majority of the people being opposed in sentiment to us, and the country being filled with bushwhackers and marauders in organized bands. Myrders are of almost daily occurrence on the persons of peaceable citizens, and enormities and atrocities are constantly being perpetrated. Some portions of Southwestern Virginia were also fast coming to the same condition, in a great measure, I think, in consequence of the inefficiency of the agents of the conscript department and enrolling officers in the region of the Southwest whose duty it is to see to the arrest and return of deserters. I am also convinced that the conscript laws are not faithfully and rigidly enforce in this portion of the State, there being many persons who ought to be in active service who have thus far escaped. I am now employing the reserves in driving out and arresting these deserters. Three days ago the enemy had about 2,200 men in East Tennessee, or this side of Knoxville, under command of Brigadier-General Gillem, a favorite officer of Andrew Johnson and Brownlow. They have but a small force in Knoxville. In the Kanawha Valley their strength was, upon the last report to me, about 2,000, and a force of some 1,200 or 1,500 men near the Kentucky line. They are constantly making demonstration from the one point or the other, but I hope to be able to protect the great interests of this region with the forces now here, unless the enemy should make a serious advance before I can bring about better organization and discipline than now exists, in which event I should have serious fear of the result. My principal apprehension is that now Atlanta is in their hands they will throw forward into East Tennessee a sufficient force to take permanent and entire occupation of that section, and advance into Southwestern Virginia as far as the salt-works. The corn crop in East Tennessee is a very fine one, and I am adopting measures to be ready to get the benefit of it for the Government in the event that we are able to take and hold possession of any considerable portion of that section. After the death of General Morgan I assigned Colonel Basil W. Duke to the command of Morgan's old command, although he was not the senior officer in the command, and I am sure that he will improve its condition, as he is a most intelligent and efficient officer. I found brigadier-General Vaughn in the department, and I have assigned him temporarily to the command of the troops in the field in East Tennessee, as I found that he had the confidence of the people there, and also the respect and confidence of the people there, and also the respect and confidence of the troops. I hope that the inspector and ordnance officer, whom I have asked for, may be sent me as quickly as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

