
NELLY'S FORD, NELSON COUNTY, VA.,

September 16, 1864.

Hon J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, C. s. A.:

DEAR SIR: I request Colonel John D. Morris, one of my aides, to obtain from Major E. Crutchfield, who is one of the most capable quartermasters in my knowledge, and who I consider an officer of very high military talent and experience, and with all intimately posted in the topography of that region, to inform me of the now effective forces in Southwestern Virginia and east of Knoxville, as also the best mode [of] employment of that and other forces which might be spared, either with a view to a campaign into Kentucky or as a flank movement on the Federal army in Tennessee and Georgia. I inclose you the answer of Major Crutchfield, which may be of such character as to engage your attention whenever the Government may have the ability and purpose to devise such movement. Others think, and I am rather of the same opinion, that a movement, via Pound Gap and Sandy, or by the mouth of Sandy, would be the shortest route, and would soonest strike a country well supplied with forage and subsistence, while it would result as well as a flank attack and would enable our army to be more speedily recruited by new levies of troops from Kentucky.

Very respectfully,

R. HAWES,

Provisional Governor of Kentucky.

[Inclosure.]

ABINGDON, VA., September 9, 1864.

Colonel JOHNS MORRIS, C. S. ARMY:

In regard to the number of troops in this department, and the facilities for feeding and foraging them I would report:

Men for duty: Lieutenant-Colonel Witcher's command, 400; Colonel Pridemore's command, 150; Lieutenant-Colonel Prentice's command, 250; General Cosby's command, 350; Colonel Giltner's command, 400; Colonel Duke's command, 350; detachment Vaughn's command, 700; scattering and available, 300; total, 2,900. McClungs' battery, 4 guns; Byrne's battery, 4 guns. This force can be increased 500 men in twenty days be scattering men and stragglers coming into their commands.

In regard to supplying the troops, there can be a considerable quantity of wheat gathered in East Tennessee from Bristol down to our front, in additional to what is available in Southwestern Virginia, and the corn crop has never been more productive. My impression is that there is a sufficient quantity of grain and forage in the department to sustain 20,000 men for a considerable length of time. With little care and energy I can have ready 100 wagons, including brigade transportation for the purpose of collecting the incoming crops. My views are these: Increase or force to 8,000 or 10,000 men, and move at once down through the valley of East Tennessee toward Chattanooga, and, in conjunction with Wheeler and Forrest and other forces that can be concentrated for that purpose, cut Sherman's line of transportation. No means should be spared to prevent him from accumulating supplies in Atlanta. If he succeeds in making that city a permanent base of military operations and a depot for supplies we will not be able to dislodge him this winter. In the event of his doing so we will not be able to remain in this valley uncles sour force is increased; indeed, before fifteen days, his raiding parties will be foraging in this direction, and

