
DUNN'S HILL, September 22, 1864.

General R. H. ANDERSON,

Gordonsville:

Sheridan is in Early's front fortifying. Wilson is moving up Luray Valley; Lee's division is opposed to him, but may be too weak. Move Kershaw to Gordonsville or Charlottesville, as occasion requires, or to Swift Run Gap.

R. E. LEE.

DUNN'S HILL, September 23, 1864.

Hon J. A. SEDDON:

General J. A. SEDDON:

General Early reports that late yesterday the enemy attacked his position at Fisher's Hill and succeeded in driving back the left of his line and throwing a force in his rear, when the whole of his troops gave way. This resulted in a loss of twelve pieces of artillery, though but few men.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Dunn's Hill, September 23, 1864.

(Received Gordonsville, 4.10 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General ANDERSON,

Orange Court-House:

Early has again met with a reverse, falling back to New market. Send Kershaw's division with battalion of artillery through Swift Run Gap to report to him at once. You had best report here in person with your staff, according to previous orders.

R. E. LEE.

MOUNT JACKSON, September 23, 1864.

(Via Harrisonburg 4 a. m.)

General R. E. LEE:

Late yesterday the enemy attacked my position at Fisher's Hill and succeeded in driving back the left of my line, which was defended by the cavalry, and throwing a force into the rear of the left of my infantry line, when the whole of the troops gave way in a panic and could not be rallied. This resulted in a loss of twelve pieces of artillery, though my loss in men is not large. I am falling back to New Market, and shall endeavor to check the enemy if he advances. Kershaw's division had better be sent to my aid, through Swift Run Gap, at once.*

J. A. EARLY.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-General EARLY,

New Market:

Kershaw's division, with a battalion of artillery, has been ordered to you through Swift Run Gap. Call out all the troops in the Valley to re-enforce you. Send to meet Kershaw. Encourage your troops, and do not bring on battle until Kershaw joins you and your troops are rallied.

R. E. LEE.

---------------

*For Lee's indorsement on this dispatch, see Part I, p. 557.

---------------

