
should start at daylight to-morrow. The officer in charge of the guard will be held responsible for the safety of the train. On its arrival at Charlestown, your guard will turn over the train to the command sent to that place, to escort the train to the front, and will return and report to you at harper's Ferry.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 171. Near Summit Point, W. Va., September 14, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. Battery L, First Ohio Artillery, Captain Frank C. Gibbs, is hereby relieved from duty in the Military District of Harper's Ferry and will proceed immediately to these headquarters and report for duty to Captain H. A. Du Pont, chief of artillery.

4. Battery E, First West Virginia Artillery, Captain A. C. Moore, will proceed immediately to Harper's Ferry, W. Va., and report for duty to Brigadier General John D. Stevenson commanding Military District of Harper's Ferry.

By command of Brevet Major-General Crook:

P. G. BIER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General TYLER, Monocacy:

If you have not already done so, send a company of cavalry to Cross' Tavern, on Frederick pike, Howard County, to scout Carroll's woods. Arrest Doctor Ridgeley, and break up the gang of rebel thieves lurking in that vicinity. Levy on the property of Doctor Ridgely and John S. Shipley enough to pay Mr. John W. Thompson for the two horses they stole him.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Chambersburg, Pa., September 14, 1864.

Captain R. I. DODGE,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

CAPTAIN: I intended to have gone up to Harrisburg this morning, wishing to see you in reference to disposing of troops to aid in enforcing the draft, &amp;c. As I may not be down, please let me know what force you wish to have placed at your disposal. For the present, I believe it well to have two companies of, say, veterans, together with the mounted men left in Columbia County, the loyal citizens being in some alarm for fear of the vengeance of their enemies in case they are left unprotected. I directed by the honorable Secretary of War to hold myself in readiness to lend any aid to the drafting officers that may be needed.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

