
success. All the reserves in the Valley have been ordered to you. Breckinridge will join you or co-operate, as circumstances will permit, with all his force. Rosser left this morning for Burkeville (intersection of Danville and South Side railroads), whence he will shape his course as you direct. I have given you all I can; you must use the resources you have so as to gain success. The enemy must be defeated, and I rely upon you do it. I will endeavor to have shoes, arms, and ammunition supplied you. Set all your officers to work bravely and hope-fully, and all will go well. As regards the western cavalry, I think for the present the best thing you can do is to separate it. Perhaps there is a lack of confidence between offices and men. If you will attach one brigade to Rosser, making him a division, and one to Fitz Lee's division, under Wickahm, Lomax will be able, I hope, to bring out the rest. The men are all good and only require instruction, and discipline. The enemy's force cannot be so greatly superior to yours. His effective infantry, I do not think, exceeds 12,000 men. We are obliged to fight against great odds. A kind Providence will yet overrule everything for our good. If Colonel Carter's wound incapacitates him for duty, you must select a good chief of artillery for the present.

Wishing you every prosperity and success, I am, very truly, yours,

R. E. LEE,

General.

PETERSBURG, September 27, 1864.

General R. E. COLSTON,

Lynchburg, Va.:

You are to conform to the orders of Generals Early and Breckinridge. Are there no reserve troops at Lynchburg?

R. E. LEE.

PETERSBURG, September 28, 1864.

General THOMAS L. ROSSER,

Burkeville, Va.:

Proceed according to Early's directions.

R. E. LEE.

[SEPTEMBER 29, 1864.-For Lee to Seddon, reporting Early's operations at Port Republic, Waynesborough, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 552.]

WAYNESBOROUGH, September 29, 1864.

General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

It is impossible for me to spare Rosser. I have ordered him here at once. I can spare you a battery if it can go by rail, but it will not be safe to send by land and horses will not hold out. If, however, enemy falls back I will send one or more batteries by land if they can arrive in time.

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

56 R R-VOL XLIII, PT II

