
CHAFFIN'S BLUFF, October 7, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

General Early reports Sheridan's whole force commenced retiring down the Valley the night of the 5th. Our troops followed them through Harrisonburg the next day.

R. E. LEE.

CHAFFIN'S BLUFF, October 7, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

The following telegram has just been received:

HARRISONBURG, VA., October 6, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

Sheridan's who force commenced falling back down the Valley last night along the pike. My troops are now passing through this place.

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

GREENSBIER COUNTY, VA., October 7, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: The enemy's forces in the Kanawha Valley does not exceed 1,000 men. It is true that the Ninth Virginia Regiment has been sent from Kelley's command to take the place of the 100-days' men who were mustered out of service abut the time I began my late expedition. The Seventh Virginia Regiment Cavalry was to have been mustered out of service yesterday. I had sent before the reception of your dispatch three reliable, truthful scouts in that direction to ascertain the number and position of the enemy and to watch his movements. I feel satisfied, with your permission, that I can in six days capture and disperse all the enemy's cavalry upon the upper Kanawha, as I have a plan in contemplation for that purpose. I will go to Union to-day. I would like, if consistent with the exigencies of the service, to go to dublin to see you in person, as I have several plans to annoy and surprise the enemy, and would like to make some suggestion with regret to the organization of this command. I am certain that I can leave here for two or three days without injury to the service, as I have my front and flanks secured by pickets for twenty miles.

I am, genera, with very much respect, your obedient servant,

V. A. WITCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

GREENBRIER COUNTY, VA., October 7, 1864.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON:

MAJOR: I have an aggregate present for duty of about 650, composed of nine companies about 300 strong, commenced by Captain John A. McFarlane; Payne's Company (H), Thirty-seventh Battalion Virginia Cavalry, about 69; William and Philip Thurmond's companies, with Bumgard's and Amick's, about 300 strong. The fourt last companies are

