
without organization, but I have placed Captain Philip thurmond in command of them, and would respectfully suggest that they be organized into a battalion, and that he be prompted to a major. I have another company of about thirty-seven men, under Captain Snyder, at Meadow Bluff. The morale of this command is very fine. I have some 200 horses in bad fix, for shoeing; the battalion in fine condition. I am having them shod as rapidly as possible. The whole command is encamped near Lewis' Mill, on Muddy Creek, Greenbrier County, Va., on the Blue Sulphur and Union turnpike, eighteen miles west of Union. A field return will be forward as soon as made out.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. A. WITHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[OCTOBER 9, 1864.-For Lee to Seddon, reporting Early's and Mosby's operations, see Part I, pp. 552, 633.]

[OCTOBER 9, 1864.-For Early to Lee, reporting operations, see Part I, pp. 554, 559.]

NEAR RICHMOND, VA., October 9, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

In discussing the movements of the enemy, according to newspaper reports, Captain Goree suggested that Sheridan whorl probably send his infantry to the relief of Sherman. I presume that our diversion in Missouri has drawn all of the spare troops in the West to that State, and it is not unlikely that Grant will be oblige dot relieve Sherman with some of his troops. I send you the suggestion that you may advise General Early that he may look for it.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

ABINGDON, VA., October 9, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Comdg. Dept. of Western Virginia and East Tennessee:

GENERAL: In behalf of myself as commander of the Roanoke Battalion of Detailed Conscripts and Reserves, and of Colonel Patton, commander of the Botetourt Battalion of Detailed Conscripts and Reserves, and of the commander of the other battalion of conscripts and reserves under the temporary command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wade, I respectfully request that these battalions be permitted to return to their respective counties, there to be subject to the orders now (or hereafter) in the hand of the enrolling officers. The object of this request is to enable the men to return to their homes and make indispensable arrangements for taking their places in the field. They left home expecting to be out only a few days, and made no preparations for protracted absence. They are generally men of morality, family, and property, and their

