
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, No. 68. New York City, September 14, 1864.

In obedience to the orders of the War Department, Brevet Major General J. C. Robinson is assigned to the command of the Military District of Northern New York, to consist of the Congressional districts numbered from 11 to 20, inclusive, headquarters at Albany, N. Y.; and Brevet Brigadier General A. S. Diven to the command of the Military District of Western New York, to consist of the Congressional districts numbered from 21 to 31, inclusive, headquarters at Elmira, N. Y. Official communications for these headquarters from the districts above named will be forwarded through the district commander.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR BERRYVILLE, VA., September 15, 1864.

(Received 16th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

I have nothing new to report for yesterday or to-day. There is as yet no indication of Early's detaching; and I have report that a small numbered of pontoon-boats have passed through Winchester to Stephenson's Depot, and that W. H. F. Lee's old brigade of cavalry left Staunton after the flood. These reports were brought by one of our soldiers who escaped from Winchester, and I question their reliability. The enemy are greatly chagrined at the capture of Henagan and the Eighth South Carolina Regiment; we got the entire organization. We are now getting some recruits, but in small numbers. Our increase has been from returned convalescents. It seems impossible to get at the enemy's cavalry, as it is in poor condition and is kept in close on their infantry.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

NEAR BERRYVILLE, VA., September 15, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

(Received 4.30 a. m. 16th.)

Captain LEET,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have you any information from your scouts from Culpeper or other points south? Please answer.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

NEAR BERRYVILLE, VA., September 15, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

(Received 4.15 a. m. 16th.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding:

Have you any information from your scouts from Culpeper or other points south? Anderson, who is temporarily in command of Longstreet's corps, is still here. It seems strange that he should remain, with only one division of the corps here.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

