
supplied. I am not so satisfied that it is Sheridan's intention to leave the Valley. It may be so, but I do not think his burning the bridges behind him and laying waste the country proves it. That might have been to cripple you.

I have thought it possible that it might have become necessary to send a part of his force to Missouri, or to rebuild the Manassas railroad, and that either might have caused his withdrawal toward the Potomac. If he retires to the Potomac, and you find yourself able only to demonstrate against him, that can be done a smaller force, and Kershaw can at once be sent to me. If he crosses the Blue Ridge and sends a part of his force o Grant, you had better move against him and endeavor to crush him; but, if the condition of your force will not allow you to attempt the latter, then you can detach Kershaw to me and watch him with the remainder of your force. If he should remain in the lower Valley and send re-enforcements to Grant, you can re-enforce me correspondingly, and watch him with the rest of your troops. It is impossible at this distance to give definite instructions; you can only proceed on the principle of not retaining with you more troops than you can use to advantage in any position the enemy may take and send the rest to me. I have weakened myself very much to strengthen you. It was done with the expectation of enabling you to gain such success that you could return the troops if not rejoin me yourself. I know you have endeavored to gain that success, and believe you have done all in your power to insure it. You must not be discouraged, but continue to try. I rely upon your judgment and ability, and the hearty co-operation of your officers and men still to secure it. With your united force it can be accomplished. I do not think Sheridan's infantry or cavalry numerically as large as you suppose; but either is sufficiently so not to be despised and great circumspection must be used in your operations. Grant is receiving large re-enforcements, and building up his army as large apparently as at the beginning of the campaign. This makes it necessary for me to draw to me every man I can.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE.

CHAFFIN'S BLUFF, October 12, 1864.

General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Dispatch* of 11th received. If Cosby and Giltner can be spared send them to Early. Send Prentice's battalion to Richmond. Retain sufficient force to protect the country and manage deserters, &c. The regiments of McCausland, Johnson's (late Jones') brigade, had better be sent to Early in place of Vaughn's sent to you.

R. E. LEE,

General.

HARRISONBURG, October 12, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The condition of things in Rickingham County is most deplorable. A food panic threatens. I recommend it of utmost importance to suspend for a time at least the call under Order 77 so far as this county is

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

