
complained of. But I do not propose to enter into any argument on these points. My purpose is merely to indicate how necessary it is to use the utmost caution in deciding a matter which involves the safety of the army and the defense of the country. So far as my information extends General Early has conducted his operations with judgement, and until his late reverses rendered very valuable service considering the means at his disposal. I lament those disasters as much as yourself, but I am not prepared to say that they proceeded from such want of capacity on the part of General Early as to warrant me in recommending his recall. If a more competent commander can be designated for that department I need not say that i should earnestly advise his assignment to it, my sole object being to have the services of the best man that can be found, and such I am fully persuaded is the motive which actuates

Your Excellency.

Thanking you for the interest you manifest in our success and for the zealous support you are always ready to render to the army, I remain, with high respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WYTHEVILLE, VA., October 15, 1864.

(Via Charlottesville, Va.)

Lieutenant-General EARLY:

I will send from here Monday next to you, as a temporary re-enforcement, Cosby's and Giltner's small brigades of cavalry, numbering together 700 effective. What route shall they take? If absolutely necessary, I can send you one battery. Answer.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

WYTHEVILLE, October 15, 1864-6 a. m.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Wytheville:

GENERAL: After leaving you last night and thinking over what I had heard from you, I was sorry that I had not suggested to you to send the battalion which is at the Narrows to Richmond instead of Preston's battalion. This battalion which is at the Narrows is not as well managed as Preston's; it has not as yet done anything in the way of service, is harder to control and make effective, but would render just as good service in the trenches before Richmond. It is not quite as large as Preston's I think. It is made up principally in the counties of Monroe, Greenbrier, Mercer, and Giles, from which counties it will be harder, hereafter, to get men out. Preston's battalion would be much more effective for the defense of this section than these other men, and could be more certainly relied on for service along this railroad. If you desire it I can have this battalion from the Narrows at Dublin to-morrow afternoon and ready to go directly on. They are all armed and very well clothed. They do not number more than 225 or 235 for duty (but I will let you know by telegraph this morning their strength, if you wish it.) It may be more than this, and I am sure, if I could talk with you a little while, you would agree with me that it would be best to send this battalion to Richmond and retain Preston.

