
You might send Preston's battalion down to the neighborhood of Dublin to-morrow and let it be used in that end of the department, and by to-morrow afternoon I will have the other battalion there ready to go right on the train. I am only induced to make these suggestions to you by the knowledge which I have of both of these bodies of men and their capacity for service. If you determine to accept my suggestions you will have to telegraph me at Dublin by 10 or 11 o'clock this morning, so that I may move these men from the Narrows this afternoon after cooking.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

[OCTOBER 16, 1864.-For Lee Seddon, reporting Mosby's operations on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, see Part I, p. 633.]

CHAFFIN'S BLUFF, October 17, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

Letter* of 9th received. In former dispatch suggested that Cosby and Giltner be sent Early, Preston to Richmond, and Duke retained for defense of country. Dispose of them as your judgment dictates.

R. E. LEE.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA AND E. TENNESSEE,October 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General COSBY,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Colonel Giltner has been directed to report to you for the present with his brigade. With that brigade and your own you will move early to-morrow morning, marching by way of Salem and Buchanan, and report temporarily to Lieutenant-General Early. I do not know precisely where he is, but will find out time to telegraph you at Salem. Leave the necessary number of good officers with your disabled men and horses, and direct Colonel Giltner to do the same. Let all left behind be assembled at one camp. Assistant quartermaster and commissary should also be left if possible.

Very respectfully,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

RUSSELL COURT-HOUSE, VA., October 17, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Comdg. Dept. of Southwestern Virginia and East Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have just returned from the Kanawha Valley, and before I knew of your arrival forwarded my report+ to General Echols,

---------------

*Not found.

+See Part I, p. 642.

---------------

