SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, No. 230. September 15, 1864.

* * * * * * *

9. The Two hundred and fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers having reported at these headquarters, pursuant to orders, will be reported without delay to Brigadier General M. D. Hardin, commanding division, for duty.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Augur:

C. H. RAYMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Near Fort Buffalo, Va., September 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that the Thirteenth New York Volunteers Cavalry Regiment returned last night at retreat. The country by this scout has been examined from Difficult Run at Fox's Ford to Farmwell, round to Aldie. At Aldie on the 13th ultimo [instant], on learning that Mosby was below, the regiment moved down to Chantilly and kept parties concealed on the Centerville road and roads to the left of the Aldie pike. On the morning of the 14th moved down and examined the country in the vicinity of Fairfax Court-House and Centerville and between Frying Pan and Vienna. Colonel Gansevoort learned from citizens that Mosby's force has recently been increased by cavalry from the regular army, and that his numbered are now estimated at 500 men. I omitted to state in last evening's report that party of eight guerrillas had found its way night before into the slaughter yard attached to the brigade commissary department, carrying off with them one man one horse. Your letter in regard to the contemplated scout by the Sixteenth New York Cavalry, although dated on the 14th, did not reach here until this afternoon, and not in time to permit of the regiment starting out to-night. A shall leave, however, to-morrow.

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cavalry, Comdg. Cavalry Brigade.

P. S.- Colonel Gansevoort's party two horses killed in a skirmish.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 15, 1864.

Brevet Major-General CROOK,

Commanding Army of West Virginia:

MY DEAR CROOK: Give me the name of that young lady in Winchester. Rodes and Ramseur move yesterday morning toward Winchester, and the camp rumor was that they were going to pay us back for capturing the Eighth South Carolina and were going to move down the Berryville pike. This is the story of one of Imboden's deserters. Respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

