
which I suppose you will see, but learning that you were either in Abindgon or Wytheville, and an opportunity offering, I think best to inform you of the condition and disposition of the Federal forces in Kanawha Valley up to 6th instant. There was no infantry there up to that date, and only nine companies of cavalry, viz, seven companies of Seventh Virginia Cavalry and two companies of New York cavalry, numbering int he aggregate about 700 men. the companies mentioned are posted as follows: two at Guyandotte, one at Winfield, one at Coalsmouth (fortified), one at Charleston, two at Camp Piatt, and two at Cannelton. They are all well mounted and armed, but are by no means good troops, and have no large amount of sores on hand. There are large numbers of fine cattle in the valley and the most abundant crops.

Thinking this information may be of service, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. NOUNNAN,

Major, Commanding Detached Cavalry.

P. S.-I shall endeavor to see you on Thursday morning.

J. H. N.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 19, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: It has been represented to me, from a source entitled to the highest confidence, that the expedition recently made by Lieutenant-Colonel Witcher into Northwestern Virginia was conducted in almost predatory and discreditable manner; that no proper control or restraint was exercised over the men, and that they plundered and ravaged without discrimination or hindrance, often inflicting most serious losses on the families of men in the Confederate Army or now in Yankee prisons. Stores are said to have ben broken open and robbed; most of the cattle, that it was the main object of the expedition to drive out, were lost through the negligence of the men, and even women are said to have been plundered. Will you cause strict examination to be made into these alleged excesses, and should they be found verified it would probably be a proper cause for the breaking up of the command and the conscription of the men into other branches of the service, as seems to have been contemplated by the late act of Congress. Some decisive means seem necessary to restrain the license of our irregular cavalry, and bring them into subordination and efficiency.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[OCTOBER 20, 1864.-For Lee to Seddon, reporting Early's operations at Cedar Creek, see Part I, p. 553.]

