HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA AND E. TENNESSEE,October 25, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have just received your letter in regard to the alleged irregularities of Lieutenant-Colonel Witcher's command upon its late expedition to Northwestern Virginia. Some complaints on the same subject have also reached me from other sources, and I have communicated very emphatically with Colonel Witcher. The moment I can spare an officer I will send one to make a personal investigation.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRESKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

WYTHERVILLE, October 25, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel WITCHER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that he has heard numerous complains from different sources, in addition to those mentioned in the inclosed letter,* of the conduct of your command in your recent expedition. He further directs me to say that in a few days an officer will be sent to your command from these headquarters to investigate the facts. Return the paper with indorsement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STAUNTON, October 26, 1864.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I arrived here this evening. Have reported to General Early, at New Market. Send our mail via Staunton.

G. B. COSBY,

Brigadier-General.

ABINGDON, October 26, 1864.

Major JOSEPH CLOYD,

Chief Commissary, Fourth District, Dublin Depot:

MAJOR: I wrote you yesterday. The inclosed letter tells its own story. The outrage described seems to have occurred in Russell County, a short distance from the Scott line. You will perhaps be prepared for something of the kind by what I have heretofore written you on the subject of the disposition on the part of some to resist impressments. Threats are coming to my ears as having been uttered that my wagons shall before long not be allowed by these lawless bands to go into Russell County. I suggest to you to lay the case immediately before the commanding general. I should do this myself, but think it better that it should be through you. I am taking means to ascertain, if possible, more of the particulars of the affair and who the persons are who engaged in it.

Very respectfully,

R. A. WILLIAMS,

Captain and Assistant Commissary of Subsistence.

---------------

*See Seddon to Breckinridge, October 19, p.900.

---------------

