
[Indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE,

FOURTH DISTRICT, VA.,

Dublin, October 27, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major General John C. Breckinridge, commanding department.

JOSEPH CLOYD,

Major and Chief Commissary of Subsistence, &amp;c.

[Inclosure.]

LEBANON, RUSSELL COUNTY, VA., October 25, 1864.

Captain R. A. WILLIAMS:

DEAR SIR: I am under the necessity this morning of informing you that the expedition to Scott County returned last night with bad report. Fulkerson, with six of Lieutenant Sawye's guard, went down to Scott; left here on Saturday; arrived at Osborne's on Sunday; impressed and took charge of forty-two gallons of brandy, all they could find; started back some two or three miles, when they met a party of seventeen men in the road, variously armed, who demanded the immediate surrender of the brandy, arms, &c. They gave up their arms, seeing they were ut numbered, and, the party being re-enforced by this time by four others, they thought best to make no resistance. After they took possession of the brandy they gave the arms back to the boys, who came on back very much mortified over their defeat. They say that the most of the party belongs to Prentice's command. The brandy question has created more confusion and the owners of it make more fuss over it than if we were to take all their grain. We will have to abandon the business unless we get some troops in here and clear the county of bushwhackers and deserters. There is not a man in the county that we have served noticed on for brandy but what has violet the notice. One wagon broke down on the Scott trip; the other one started to Abingdon this morning. We are entirely out of salt this morning. If you can spare the teams to-morrow, please send me some three or four loads.

Yours, truly,

E. D. MILLER.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT,

Camp Many Sinks, Scott County, Va., October 26, 1864.

The major-general commanding this department has sent me here for the purpose of suppressing the irregularities and gross outrages practiced in this part of the State by a band of lawless desperadoes, and protecting the good citizens thereof. All well-disposed persons who are now from home and who wish to be obedient to the laws of the land are invited to report themselves to me at my headquarters in the next five days and full pardon and protection will be guaranteed to them. Those who do not avail themselves of this proclamation will be treated as their conduct deserves.

D. HOWARD SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

