HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 29, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

General Early reports that the enemy attacked General Lomax's forces at Milford on 25th instant with one brigade and two pieces of artillery and were repulsed. The next day they attacked with two brigades and six pieces of artillery and were again driven back. General Lomax reports our loss very slight. Colonel Mosby reports that since the advance of the enemy up the Manassas Gap Railroad he has killed, wounded, and captured over 300, his own loss being 4 wounded and 1 captured.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN S. MOSBY,

Commanding Battalion:

COLONEL: Your letter of October 23 has been received.* I regret the loss of your artillery and will endeavor to have it supplied as soon as practicable; but owing to recent heavy losses of artillery in the Valley there may be considerable delay. Meantime I hope you may be able to capture some from the enemy. I am sincerely gratified at the energy, boldness, and success with which you have so unceasingly operated. I hope you will continue to damage the enemy on the Manassas railroad as much as possible. As your command increases it will be necessary to be extremely watchful as to the character of the men you enlist. Spare no pains to interrupt the work and use of the railroad.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

NEAR MIDDLEBURG, October 29, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I desire to bring through you to the notice of the Government the brutal conduct of the enemy manifested toward citizens of this district since their occupation of the Manassas road. When they first advanced up the road we smashed up one of their trains, killing and wounding a large number. In retaliation they arrested a large number of citizens living along the line, and have been in the habit of sending an installment of them on each train. As my command has done nothing contrary to the usages of war it seems to me that some attempt at least ought to be made to prevent a repetition of such barbarities. During my absence from my command the enemy captured six of my men, near Front Royal; these were immediately hung buy

---------------

*See Part I, p.635.

---------------

