HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 15, 1864.

Brevet Major-General CROOK,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you furnish one good strong regiment as a guard to the wagon train going to Harper's Ferry to-morrow morning. The regiment will accompany the train as far as Charlestown, remaining there until the next day, and escort the train back. The train will be parked about half a mile this side of your headquarters and will start at daylight in the morning. The commanding officer of the escort will be held accountable for the safety of the train.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Summit Point, W. Va., September 15, 1864.

Colonel I. H. DUVAL,

Commanding Second Infantry Division:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you detail from your command your strongest regiment as a guard to the train going to Harper's Ferry to-morrow morning. The regiment will accompany the train as far as Charlestown, remaining there until the next day and escort the train back. The train will be parked about half a mile from these headquarters and will start at daylight in the morning. The commanding officer of the regiment will be held accountable for the safety of the train.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McKINLEY, JR.,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Leetown, W. Va., September 15, 1864.

Major T. GIBSON,

Commanding at Hagerstown, Md.:

MAJOR: I am instructed by the brigadier-general commanding to say to you that he is not as well satisfied as he desires to be with the conduct of affairs at the Dismounted Camp and with the guard at Williamsport. He has himself observed squads of three, four, five, and six men returning to their regiments with no one in charge, and no papers to show that they had authority to leave your camp. It has also been reported to him that the guard at Williamsport instead of arresting individuals and parties going to your camp without authority from this division, permit them to pass at all hours and without authority. The character of the horses brought to this division by some remounted men been as to incline the general to the belief that the energy which he had to be exercised in obtaining them, and care in inspecting them, has not been exercised. He desires that you at once take personal command of the Dismounted Camp, endeavor to enforce the most perfect order and discipline there; have

