
inflicted on him will be retaliated upon an officer of equal rank. He is a very brave and daring soldier and patriot, and deserves the protection of his Government. I wrote to you on 14th of June, to the President 25th of July, and to you on 11th of August and 12th of September last. I trust you received those letters. Mr. H ---- (who I see has gotten into the Confederate States) had doubtless explained things here. I have never received a line from you any person excepting my brother at Richmond. I have not changed the views expressed in my former communications. All that a large portion of the Northern people, especially in the Northwest, want to resist the oppressing of the despotism at Washington is a leader. They are ripe for resistance, and it may come soon after the Presidential election. At all events it must come if our armies are not overcome and destroyed or dispersed. No people of the Anglo-Saxon blood can long endure the usurpations and tyrannies of Lincoln. Democrats are more hated by Northern Republicans than Southern rebels, and will be as much outraged and persecuted if Lincoln is re-elected. They must yield to a cruel and disgraceful despotism or fight. They feel it and know it.

I do not see that I can achieve anything by remaining long in this province, and unless instructed to stay shall leave here by 20th instant for Halifax and take my chances for running the blockade. If I am to stay till spring I wish my wife to join me under flag of truce if possible. I am afraid to risk a winter's residence on this latitude and climate. I need not sign this. The bearer and the person to whom it is addressed can identify me. But I see no reason why your response should not be signed and sealed, so as to make it evidence as suggested in respect to the Saint Albans' raid. A statement of prisoners' counsel has been sent by way of Halifax and Wilmington, but it may never reach you, or not in time for the deliverance of the prisoners. This is my chief reason for sending this by one I think I can trust. Please reply promptly and start the messenger back as soon as possible. He will explain the character of his mission. Send under a seal that cannot be broken without being discovered.

I am, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

---- ----.

N. B. - See the Secretary of War (Mr. Seddon) touching Young's case.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 261. Richmond, November 2, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XVII. The company of artillery attached to the command of Lieutenant Colonel John S. Mosby and organized under the authority of the Secretary of War is hereby disbanded. The men will be incorporated into the other companies of the command or be forwarded to Camp Lee for general assignment as conscripts.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN W. RIELY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

