
the drills which have been ordered; establish guards at Williamsport and Shephedstown, to prevent irregularities in this command and illicit traffic of citizens; cause those guards to be inspected, in order to see that they perform their duties; and assist the assistant quartermaster in obtaining the very best class of horses for service in this division in the shortest possible time.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,September 15, 1864 - 8 a. m.

Captain M. A. RENO,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Forces, Middle Military Division:

CAPTAIN: The patrols sent out last night toward Winchester discovered no movement of the enemy, nor any indications of change in the disposition of his pickets. A small pickets force, as usual, was discovered on the Limestone Ridge. The regimental Sent out at daylight has not returned. Owing to the fact that his horses had been without forage twenty-hours, General Chapman did not send the expedition to Paris last night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY,Harper's Ferry, September 15, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Heard from front as late as 4 p. m. Nothing has occurred since reconnaissance reported.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. MIL. OF HARPER'S FERRY, No. 6. Harper's Ferry, Va., September 15, 1864.

The provost-marshals of the several posts of Point of Rocks, Berlin, Sandy Hook, Harper's Ferry, and Martinsburg will, on the 26th day of September, 1864, close all business houses and shops dealing in the selling of goods, wares, and merchandise, and all grocery stores or places for the sale of wines, beer, or liquors at said several posts, except such as shall be authorized to do business in pursuance of General Orders, No. 5, issued from these headquarters; and all persons doing business in violation of the provisions of General Orders, No. 5, and thins order after the 26th day of September, 1864, will be arrested and their stocks of goods confiscated for the use and benefit of the Government of the United States.

In all cases where goods, wares, or merchandise shall be seized for violation of the Treasury regulations or general or special military orders they will be immediately turned over to the nearest agent of the

