
as far as Charlestown. From the time the enemy occupied the Manassas road until its abandonment Colonel Mosby states that his command killed and captured about 600 men, an equal number of horses, ten wagons, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

NOVEMBER 11, 1864.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces in the Valley:

GENERAL: Some time in the month of September, during my absence from my command, six of my men who had been captured by your forces were hung and shot in the streets of Front Royal, by the order and in the immediate presence of Brigadier-General Custer. Since then another, captured by a Colonel Powell on a plundering expedition into Rappahannock, was also hung. A label affixed to the coast of one of the murdered men declared that "this would be the fate of Mosby and all his men." Since the murder of my men not less that 700 prisoners, including many officers of high rank, captured from your army by this command, have been forwarded to Richmond, but the execution of my purpose of retaliation was deferred in order, as far as possible, to confine its operation to them den of Custer and Powell. Accordingly on the 6th instant seven of your men were, by mt order, executed on the Valley pike, your highway of travel. Hereafter any prisoners falling into my hands will be treated with the kindness due to their condition, unless some new act of barbarity shall compel me reluctantly to adopt a course of policy repulsive to humanity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, November 11, 1864.

Major General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, &c., Wytheville, Va.:

GENERAL: I am informed by the Honorable Mr. Caperton that there are several companies organized and acting with success as guerrillas within the lines of the enemy in the counties of Northwestern Virginia bordering on the Ohio. He thinks that they might be organized and recruited under and efficient officer and render very valuable service in that region of country. He fears they would not be willing to come out of the enemy's lines unless driven by the advance of superior forces against them. In such an event they would probably be content to remain with the active army in the field. I have such limited information with regard to the circumstances of that region that I would be pleased to be advised by you in respect to such irregular organizations and likewise to have suggested, in case you think it advisable, the name of some efficient officer to be sent with more regular authority to take charge of these irregular bodies of troops and bring them under discipline and order. If you are satisfied it is advisable to do so you can select and send a suitable officer at once.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

