
PETERSBURG, November 13, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

General Early reports that he moved down the Valley on the 10th to ascertain the position of the enemy, who was found entrenched between Newtown and Kernstown. Merritt's and Custer's divisions of cavalry attacked General Rosser, on General Early's left, but were repulsed and driven several miles, losing 200 prisoners and a number of horses. Rosser's command behaved very handsomely, particularly Lomax's brigade, under Colonel Payne, and Wickham's, under Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan. About same time Powell's cavalry division attacked McCausland's brigade at Cedarville, on the Front Royal road, and drove it across the river. Particulars not yet received.

R. E. LEE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A,

Richmond, Va., November 15, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Wytheville, Va.:

GENERAL: I am informed there are some 180 or 200 men within your department, under Colonel Trigg's command, consisting of stragglers and others, who have been collected for his regiment. It is stated that these men, if ordered to rejoin their regiment, will probably desert and become scattered again. I am likewise informed that in Rockbridge and Botetourt Counties there are some deserters being collected who are doing mischief and exciting alarm in that vicinity. Would it not be well to order Colonel Trigg, with these men, to visit these counties referred to and clear them of such bands of deserters, and then require them to report here for temporary duty in the trenches. Advise me on this subject that I may, if your views concur, give the requisite orders. I am unwilling to remove the men from your department without first having your opinion.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT,Camp Pettyjohn, Washington County, Va., November 15, 1864.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I send to-day to Lieutenant-Colonel Terry, commandant post Bristol, eight prisoners, with descriptive lists; five of them men absent without leave from their commands, alias deserters, and three scouters, and two of that three bad men. I am informed authoritatively that Lieutenants McClanahan and Richmond, of Lieutenant-Colonel Prentice's Seventh Confederate Battalion, deserted last night, and carried with them some fifty or sixty men. They deserted form my love camp in the Many Sinks, and are supposed to have gone to Kentucky. Colonel Prentice was absent at the time, having gone to Castle Woods to look after the dismounted portion of his battalion. So far as I am personally concerned I am glad that they are gone if they do not return anymore. they have given me much trouble recently. They stole, I learn from citizens, a number of horses as they left. Inclosed you will [find] a copy of a communication* from Colonel P.'s adjutant to him on

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

