
the subject. If I am retained here it is all important that Captain Lea's company should be ordered back to me. The good conduct of himself have been. The troops belonging to Colonel Prentice's battalion with me are behaving well; Captain Carter is an excellent officer. I have discovered a secret political organization of a widespread and most dangerous and traitorous character in this county. Many of the most influential men in this county are said to belong to it-some of them citizens of Abingdon. I have not as yet got the facts so certain and definite as to warrant my acting. I am managing the matter the best I can.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HOWARD SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Wytheville, November 16, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I inclose you a report from Witcher announcing capture of boats, &c.,* retaining copy. I have a number of letters for you, but not knowing how soon you may return have retained them lest they would pass you. One is a letter from General Wharton saying that General Early has intimated his intention to consolidate his division into a brigade and urging yo to write to General Early and General Lee so as to prevent it. He says his command is larger than Pegram's or Ramseur's and thinks it would be very unjust to single his division out for consolidation. He also asks that you will write communication to General Lee or Adjutant-General recommending Colonel Thomas with General Early's approval. Everything is getting on smoothly here. We are all delighted to hear of our successes, which cheer up everybody. We hear nothing except from public sources.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., November 19, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you your instructions to Lieutenant-Colonel Mosby, to hag an equal number of General Custer's men in retaliation for those of his command executed by General C., are cordially approved by the Department. He instructs me to say in addition, that if your citizens are found exposed upon any captured train, signal vengeance scold be take upon all conductors and officers on it, and every male passenger of the enemy's country scold be treated as a prisoner.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Part I, p.651.

---------------

