HEADQUARTERS,November 22, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

General Early reports that the enemy's cavalry, in considerable force, drove in our cavalry pickets this morning and advanced to Mount Jackson and crossed the river. It was met by some infantry and one brigade of Rosser's cavalry, and driven back. Rosser pursued, driving the enemy beyond Edenburg in confusion, and compelled him to abandon his killed and wounded. General Early thinks it was a reconnaissance.

R. E. LEE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., November 26, 1864.

Honorable F. McMULLEN,

House of Representatives:

SIR: I have read with attention the letter of Colonel Peters, of the Twenty-first Virginia Cavalry, submitted by you in relation to the rearrangement made by General Early of the forces lately under the command of General Bradley T. Johnson as a brigade. It is impossible for me to estimate the character and force of the reasons which have induced this action of the commanding general. The reduction of the cavalry commands and the events of the late campaign have probably rendered necessary some such reorganization as has been adopted, and I must presume that on a nearer view and with fuller knowledge the commanding general has acted judiciously in selecting this particular body of forces for distribution. He was, doubtless, influenced by the fact that it had never been formally constituted and recognized as a brigade, and was, therefore, amenable to arrangement by the commanding general without the necessity of a previous order from the Department. I have the best reason to know that no reflection was intended by this action on the general lately in command of the brigade, or on Colonel Peters, whose gallantry and efficient service, I am informed, have been cheerfully recognized by his superior officers. Some of the considerations mentioned by Colonel Peters as opposing this distribution are certainly entitled to great considerations; but they ought to be, and doubtless have been, fully weighed by General Early. All I feel justified in doing in the matter at present is to communicate with General Early. All I feel justified in doing in the matter at present is to communicate with General Early and ascertain more fully the reasons which governed his action. I return, in accordance with your request, the letter of Colonel Peters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

NEW MARKET, November 27, 1864.

(Received 28th.)

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

If writ of habeas corpus is not suspended immediately Judge Thompson will discharge all my recruits. Please send counsel to Staunton to attend cases and carry them to Court of Appeals or remove them to Confederate courts.

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

