
Treasury Department authorized to receive and receipt for the same, the officer turning over property so seized taking duplicate receipt for the same, which receipts shall embody and accurate inventory of the property, express who was the owner of the same, and on what account it was seized, one copy of the receipt to be retained by the officer, the other to be forwarded to the supervising agent of the Treasury Department for the Seventh special agency.

From and after the 26th day of September, 1864, the several express companies to deliver goods, wares, merchandise, groceries, or liquors to any business houses or individuals, except such as shall have been regularly permitted in accordance with the existing Treasury regulations and military orders regulating trade within this military district.

All violations of this order will subject the offender to trial and punishment by military commission.

By order of Brigadier-General Stevenson:

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BUCKHANON, September 15, 1864.

(Received Cumberland 8.50 a. m. 16th.)

General B. F. KELLEY:

This account was invited to-day by a rebel force, and the county is threatened by a raid. Our court is in session, and without any adequate force here this region will be overrun. We earnestly request you to not withdraw Captain Hagans' company from this place. Captain Hagans had a fight with rebels at centerville, in this county, yesterday. The rebels were within nine miles of this place this morning. Our men are in pursuit. In haste.

F. BERLIN.
SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, No. 217. Chambersburg, Pa., September 15, 1864.

1. Brigadier General O. S. Ferry, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Juniata District, will relieve the detachment mounted men from Captain E. M. Warren's mounted company 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, except five privates and one non-commissioned officer, and order the same to report to the commanding officer of the company near McConnellsburg, Pa.

2. Captain E. M. Warren, commanding Independent Mounted Company 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, will proceed without delay with his company to Shimpstown, Pa., and report to Captain C. B. Hebble, commanding at that place, for orders.

3. Lieutenant Colonel Charles Stewart, First Battalion, 100-days' Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding U. S. forces in Columbia County, Pa., will send without delay one company of the One hundred and eighty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers to Philadelphia, Pa., with orders to reports to Major General George Cadwalader, military commander. the quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

