SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 285. Richmond, December 1, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XXV. Major E. L. Moore, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty as assistant adjutant and inspector general of Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia (Army of Valley District), and will report to Lieutenant General J. A. Early, commanding, &amp;c.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[DECEMBER 2, 1864. - For Lee to Seddon, reporting Rosser's operations at Moorefield, New Creek, Piedmont, &c., see Part I, p.667.]

NEW MARKET, VA,. December 3, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

Douthat sent to you. Cosby on his return now.

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

TORONTO, C. W., December 3, 1864.

(Received February 13, 1865. - J. P. B.)

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of State:

SIR: Several times have I attempted to send you communications, but I have no assurance that any one of them has been received. I have relayed no effort to carry out the objects the Government had in view in sending me here. I had hoped at different times to have accomplished more, but still I do not think my mission has been altogether fruitless. At all events we have afforded the Northwestern States the amplest opportunity to throw off the galling dynasty at Washington and openly to take ground in favor of States' rights ad civil liberty. This fact must satisfy the large class of discontents at home of the readiness and willingness of the administration to avail itself of every proffered assistance in our great struggle for independence.

On my arrival here I heard that there was such an organization as the order of the "Sons of Liberty" in the Northern States, and my first effort was to learn its strength, its principles, and its objects, and if possible to put myself in communication with its leading spirits. This was effected without much difficulty or delay. I was received among them with cordiality, and the greatest confidence at once extended to me. The number of its members was large, but not so great as Mr. Holt, in his official report, represented it to be. its objects were political. Its principles were that the Government was based on the consent of the parties to it; that the States were the parties and were sovereign; that there was no authority in the General Government to coerce a seceding State. The resolutions of 1798 and 1799 were set forth as presenting the true theory of the Government. Its organization was essentially

