
military. It had its commanders of divisions, of brigades, of regiments, of companies. In the month of June last the universal feeling among its members, leaders, and privates was that it was useless to hold a presidential election. Lincoln had the power and would certainly re-elect himself, and there was no hope but in force. The belief was entertained and freely expressed that by a bold, vigorous, and concerted movement the three great Northwestern States of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio could be seized and held. This being done, the States of Kentucky and Missouri could easily be lifted form their prostrate condition and placed on their feet, and this in sixty days would end the war.

While everything was moving on smoothly to a supposed successful consummation, the first interruption in the calculation was the postponement of the meeting of the Democratic Convention form the 4th of july to the 29th of August, but preparations still went on, and in one of the States the 20th of July was fixed as the day for a movement; but before the day arrived a general council of the order from a movement; but before the day arrived a general council of the order from different States was called, and it was thought the movement on the 20th of July would be premature and the 16th of August was fixed as the day for a movement; but before the day arrived a general council of the order from different States was called, and it was thought the movement on the 20th of July would be premature and the 16th of August was fixed upon for a general uprising. This postponement was insisted upon the ground that it was necessary to have a series of public meetings to prepare the public mind, and appointments for a general uprising. This postponement was insulted upon the ground that it was necessary to have a series of public meetings to prepare the public mind, and appointments for public peace meetings were made, one at Peoria, and to make it a success I agreed that so much money as was necessary would be furnished by me. It was held and was a decided success; the vast multitudes who attended seemed to be swayed but by one leading idea - peace. The friends were encouraged and strengthened and seemed anxious for the day when they would do something to hasten them to the great goal of peace. About this time that correspondence between our friends and Horace Greeley made its appearance. Lincoln's manifesto shocked the county. the belief, in some way, prevailed over the North that the South would agree to a reconstruction, and politicians, especially the leading ones, conceived the idea that on such an issue Lincoln could be beaten at the ballot-box. At all events, they argued that the trial of the ballot-box scold be made before a resort to force, always a denier resort. The Springfield meeting came off, but it was apparent that the fire exhibited at Peoria had already diminished. The whole tone of the speakers was that the people must rely upon the ballot-fox for redress for grievances. The nerves of the leaders of the order began to relax. About this time a large lot of arms were purchased and sent to Indianapolis, which was discovered, and some of the leading men were charged with the design to arm the members of the order for treasonable purposes. Treachery showed itself at Louisville. Judge Bullitt and Doctor Kalbfus were arrested and sent to Memphis. The day on which the great movement was to be made became known to Mr. McDonald, candidate for Governor of Indiana, and believing that it would mar his prospects for election unless prevented, he threatened to expose all the parties engaged unless the project was abandoned. Thus the day passed by and nothing was done.

The Chicago Convention came, the crowd was immense, the feeling was unanimous for peace. A general impression prevailed that a reconstruction could be had and that it was necessary to so far pander to the military feeling as to take General McClellan to secure a certain success. This nomination, followed as it was by divers disclosures and arrests of persons, prominent members, totally demoralized the "Sons

