
of Liberty." The feeling with the masses is as strong as ever. They are true, brave, and, I believe, willing and ready, but they have no leaders. The vigilance of the administration, its large detective force, the large bounties paid for treachery and the respectable men who have yielded to the temptation, added to the large military force stationed in those States, make organization and preparation almost an impossibility. A large sum of money has been expended in fostering and furthering these operations and it now seems to have been to little profit. But in reviewing the past I do not see how it could have been avoided, nor has it been spent altogether in vain. The apprehensions of the enemy have caused him to bring back and keep from the field in front at least 60,000 to watch and browbeat the people at home. In this view of the subject the same amount of money has effected so much in no three quarter since the commencement of the war.

In July last Captain Charles H. Cole, of General Forrest's command, made his escape from prison. He represented to me hat he had been appointed a lieutenant in our Navy. I sent him around the lakes, with instructions to go as a lower deck passenger, to familiarize himself with all the channels, and different approaches to the several harbors, the strength of each place, the depositories of coal, and especially to learn all that he could about the war steamer Michigan, and devise some plan for her capture or destruction. This duty he performed very satisfactorily. He was then instructed to return and put himself in communication with the officers of the Michigan, and feeling his way, to endeavor to purchase the boat from its officers. For a time he thought he would succeed in this, if he could give the guarantee of payment of the sums stipulated; but by degrees the question was dropped, and he asked permission to organize a force, board and take her. This was given and Actg. Master John Y. Beall was sent him to aid in the organization, and in carrying out the enterprise. Their plan was well conceived and held out the promise of success. It had been previously ascertained from escaped prisoners from Johnson's Island that an organization exist among the prisoners of the island for the purpose of surprising the guard and capturing the island. The presence of the steamer Michigan, which carried fourteen guns, was the only obstacle.

Secret communications were had by which they were advised that on the night of the 19th of September an attempt to seize the Michigan would be made. On that night Captain Cole, who had previously established the friendliest relations with the officers of the seamer, was to have a wine drinking with them on board, and at a given hour Acting Master Beall was to appear, on a boat to be obtained for that purpose, with a sufficient fob of Confederate soldiers to board and take the steamer. Should they capture the steamer, a cannot-shot sent through the officers' quarters on Johnson's Island was to signify to the prisoners that the hour for their release has come. Should they take the island, boats co-operating, and from Cleveland the prisoners were to make Wheeling and thence to Virginia. The key to the whole movement was the capture of the Michigan. On the evening of the 19th, by some treachery, Cole was arrested, and the messenger who was to meet Acting Master Beall at Kelly's Island did not reach him.

Disappointed, but nothing daunted, Acting Master Beall, having possession of the Philo Parsons, passenger steamer from Detroit to Sandusky, went o toward Johnson's Island. Having landed at Middle

