
Soon after I reached Canada a Mr. Minor Major visited me and represented himself as an accredited agent from the Confederate States to destroy steam-boats on the Mississippi River, and that his operations were suspended for want of means. I advanced to him $2,000 in Federal currency, and soon afterward several boats were burned at Saint Louis, involving an immense loss of property to the enemy. He became suspected, as he represented to me, of being the author of this burning, and from that time both he and his men have been hiding and consequently have done nothing.

Money has been advanced to Mr. Churchill, of Cincinnati, to organize a corps for the purpose of incendiarism in that city. I consider him a rue man, and although as yet he was effected but little, I am in constant expectation of hearing of effective work in that quarter.

Previous to the arrival of Lieutenant-Colonel Martin and Lieutenant Headly bringing an unsigned note from you all the different places where our prisoners are confined - Camp Douglas, Rock Island, Camp Morton, Camp Chase, Elmira - had been thoroughly examined, and the conclusion was forced upon us that all efforts to release them without an outside co-operation would bring disaster upon the prisoners and result in no good. All projects of that sort were abandoned, except that at Camp Douglas, where Captain Hibnes still believed he could effect their release. We yielded to his firmness, zeal, and persistence, and his plans were plausible, but treachery defeated him before his well-laid schemes were developed. Having nothing else on hand, Colonel Martin expressed a wish to organize a corps to burn New York City. He was allowed to do so and a most daring attempt has been made to fire that city, but their reliance on the Greek, fire has proved a misfortune. It cannot be depended on as an agent in such work. I have no faith whatever in it, and no attempt shall hereafter be made under my general directions' with any such materials.

I knew nothing whatever of the raid on Saint Albans until after it transpired. Desiring to have a boat on whose captain and crew reliance could be placed, and on board of which arms could be sent to convenient points for arming such vessels as could be seized for operations on the lakes, I aided Dr. James T. Bates, of Kentucky, an old steam-boat captain, in the purchase of the steamer Georgiana. She had scarcely been transferred when the story went abroad that she had been purchased and armed for the purpose of sinking the Michigan, releasing the prisoners on Johnson's Island, and destroying the shipping on the lakes and the cities on their margin. The wildest consternation prevailed in all the border cities. At Buffalo two tugs had cannon paced on board; four regiments of soldiers were sent there, two of them represented to have been drawn from the Army of Virginia. Bells were rung at Detroit and churches broken up on sunday. The whole lake shore was a scene of wild excitement. boats were sent out which boarded the Georgiana, and found nothing contraband on board, but still the people were incredulous. The bane and curse of carrying out anything in this country is the surveillance under which we act. Detective, or three cannot interchange ideals without a reporter.

The Presidential election has so demoralized the leaders of the order of the "Sons of Liberty" that a new organization under new leaders has become an absolute necessity. This is now going forward with great vigor and success. The new order is styled the "Order of the Star." There is a general expectation that there will soon be a new

