
standing army at home, and to burn whenever it is practicable, and thus make the men of property feel their insecurity and fire them out with the war. The attempt on New York has produced a great panic, which will not subside at their bidding. This letter, though long, does not, I am aware, report many things of minor importance which have occurred during my sojourn in Canada, but I shall omit them at present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. THOMPSON.
HEADQUARTERS,Turnbull's, December 5, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States, Richmond:

MR. PRESIDENT: General Early reports that his scouts stated the Sixth Corps had broken camp on the 2nd and taken the cars at Stephenson's Depot, said to be going to City Point. From reports received from Longstreet and Ewell last night, I think this corps or a part of it may have reached the north side of James River last night. My last report from scouts on the James was to the 2nd. There has been great activity on the river in transportation of supplies, but no troops had passed in any numbers since the 17th ultimo. Reports of Early and Longstreet have not yet been corroborated, but the whole preparations of the enemy indicate some movement against us. All we want to resists them is men.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

PETERSBURG, December 5, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

From your report* I think it improbable Gillem will move against you this fall. Should you be unable to procesute your victories, prepare to take command of Valley should it become necessary.

R. E. LEE.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS,

Turnbulll's, December 6, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

MR. PRESIDENT: The Sixth Corps of the enemy is reported to have certainly taken cars at Stephenson's Depot on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd instant for Harper's Ferry. It is stated they did not go west, and that no other troops have left Sheridan. Lieutenant Cawood reports that twenty-one steamers loaded with troops descended the Potomac on the 3rd, passing his station at 5 p.m. He estimates their number at 10,000 men. I presume they were a part of the Sixth Corps returning to General Grant, and I think Lieutenant Cawood's estimate of the number he saw too large. General Gordon's division will reach Richmond to-morrow night, and I have directed General Early to have another division in readiness to follow it.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

---------------

*See November 29, Vol. XXXIX, Part I, p.892.

---------------

