SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 289. Richmond, December 6, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

X. Brigadier General J. D. Imboden, Provisional Army, C. S., is relieved from service in the Valley District, and will report to Brigadier General J. H. Winder, at Camp Lawton near Millen, Ga., for assignment to duty with the prisoners.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JON. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 6, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I beg leave to recommend, in order to secure greater efficiency in my command, that it be divided into two battalions, each to be commanded by a major. The scope of duties devolving upon me being or a much wider extent than on officers of the same rank in the regular service, but small time is allowed me to attend to the details of organization, discipline, &amp;c. I am confident that the arrangement I propose would give me much more time both for planning and executing enterprises against the enemy. I would recommend Captain William H. Chapman (commanding Company C, Forty-third Virginia Partisan Rangers Battalion) and Captain Adolphus E. richards, captain commanding Company B, same battalion, for the command of the two battalions proposed. They have both on many occasions been distinguished for valor and skill, to which my reports bear witness, especially so in engagements with the enemy at Dranesville, Aldie, Charlestown, and Newtown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Lieutenant-General.

[DECEMBER 8, 1864. - For Lee to Seddon, reporting Rosser's operations at New Creek and Piedmont, see Part I, p.667.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,December 9, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

My scouts report the New York and a part of the Seventh Virginia Cavalry (Yankee) have gone to the Valley of Virginia. The whole force now in the Kanawha Valley does not amount to 500 men. A negro regiment is now at Louisa, Ky.

V. A. WITCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

