
RICHMOND, VA., December 16, 1864.

General R. E. COLSTON,

Lynchburg, Va.:

Can you send any aid to Wytheville? If you can, do so immediately.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

LYNCHBURG, December 16, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

All the force between Wythevile and Dublin, together with all I can send up, will be very small; and what I send is indifferent material. General Breckinridge and Echols are supposed to be at Saltville with nearly all the forces in that department; only 200 men are at Dublin. Can one of the brigades now passing down the Central road be stopped at Charlottesville and sent to Dublin to check the enemy, who are reported 4,000 to 5,000 strong by the commanding officer at Dublin?

R. E. COLSTON,

Brigadier-General.

NEAR PETERSBURG, December 17, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States, Richmond:

MR. PRESIDENT: Scouts reported yesterday, upon the faith of citizens from City Point, that the First and Third Division of the Nineteenth Corps had arrived at that place. On the 14th instant General William H. F. Lee reported that Gregg's division of cavalry had, on the previous evening, marched in that direction, but I have nit heard of its having crossed the James River. Scouts on the north side, sent expressly to ascertain, state that he has not crossed and that there has been no increase of force on that side. I think it probable, therefore, that Gregg has gone in the vicinity of City Point to be near his depot of forage and to recruit his horses after their late expedition. General Early reports that none of the enemy's cavalry has left the Valley, and he thinks that the Eighth corps is on the railroad. for want of forage and provisions he could not advance, and intended to fall back to Harrisonburg. Grant appears to be concentrating his army here. they are still working on the canal at dutch Gap, and at present I see no indications of an advance, though if this mild weather the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad I fear will interrupt its use again. It had just been repaired. They seem to have gotten behind Breckinridge, but I hope he may be able to intercept them.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S. - Since writing the above one of my best scouts reports that two division of the Nineteenth Corps have arrived at City Point, and that Gregg is at City Point. Rodes' division arrived last evening, and is encamped on Swift Creek, Chesterfield.

R. E. L.

