
Corps, and that he supposes the two divisions here are to be assigned to some other corps. The effect of this announcement on this corps is such that I think it right to address the general-in-chief directly on the subject, in place of sending it brought the commander of the corps and the commander of the Division of the West Mississippi, whose distance is so great that the mischief may be done before they can remedy it, which I know, from the high character of the officers, they would do promptly as soon as the facts are brought to their notice. Those facts are as follows: The whole of the original Nineteenth Army Corps, composed of the First and Second Divisions, now here and at Harper's Ferry, numbering some 13,000 fighting men, embrace all the regiments, with the exception of two or three scattered about the Department of the Gulf, that belong to the Nineteenth Army Corps proper. The third Division, left behind, was a division transferred bodily from the Thirteenth Army Corps just before our departure from New Orleans, and formed no part of the original Nineteenth Army Corps. The Thirteenth Army Corps was abolished as an organization, and the effect of the present movement will be, what could never have been designated, to, in fact, abolish the Nineteenth Army corps as an organization and substitute in its place the Thirteenth Army Corps, for it is of the fragment of this corps that the two divisions in question must be composed. The good feeling between the Thirteenth and Nineteenth Army Corps would no doubt make the Nineteenth Army Corps glad to have the Thirteenth Corps as their successors; but it must be evident tat the transfer of the Nineteenth Army Corps proper, with all its insignia, its brilliant record of battles - for, although involved in some ill-designed campaigns, it has never yet been really whipped - must act as a damper on, if it does not demoralize, the 13,000 of as well-disciplined as good fighting men as the army has in its ranks. The men now here have campaigned together for nearly three years. They understand each other and support each other with great cordiality in battle, and to break up this organization at this time, and transfer their history and their records to an organization which the Government has seen fit once to discontinue, would, in my opinion, much lasses the efficiency of these men and injurious to the public service. I therefore respectfully suggest that they may be permitted to retain their present designation and organization; or, of the act has gone past recall, that they be retained as an organization and numbered as the First, Third, or some other corps which has ceased to exist and has no identity. There are now in this corps seven brigades and quite enough regiments, if filled up, to complete two brigades, and the officers are quite sure they could fill their regiments promptly, if they could be permitted to go home for that purpose.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,September 17, 1864 - 1 p. m.

General MERRITT:

GENERAL: The chief of cavalry desires you to detail one good-sized regiment from your command to proceed at once to Harper's Ferry to escort the trains to the front, which are ordered to leave that place at 5 a. m. the 18th instant. Martin's and Pierce's batteries are also coming

