THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1859.
New Series,....No, 66.
And said Secretary h abo authorized and directed tocaus>e I!
to be located for Mich per-orn each two hundred acres of !
land out of the tract ol seventy thousand acres reserved by
the second arueieot the treaty of June 5,with the i
Miamib. to be held bv Mich peifron>, by the same tenure as ;
the locations of individual* are held which have been ,
made under the third article of «aid treaty." !,
The committee will now see the significance of,
this third section that has been struck out by !
the Senate. The proviso of the treaty of June, ■
1854, limited the payments to the Mtamis of In- <
diana to three hundred and two persons, whose
names were expressed and ascertained upon a ,
corrected list in the office of the Commissioner of !
Indian Affairs. This third section of the act of ;■
June J2, 1858, not only authorizes, but directs, j
the Secretary of the Interior to enroll upon that j
list persons who are said to have been excluded
from annuities since the year 1846. Itdoesmore. j1
It directs, when so enrolled, that they shall be j:
paid the current annuities*, that they shall be paid i
annuities not only for the current year, but for i
twelve years past; and not this, only, but that !;
they shall be paid as future annuitants, in like j,
manner as those whose names are upon the cor- j
reeled list. I'
As a consequence of this act of June 12,1858,
the Secretary of the Interior has added to the list
of the Miamis of Indiana sixty-eight persons; '!
has paid them as he was directed to pay them; '
and, of the money appropriated one year ago, in
manner and amount the same as we make by this
bill now, has applied the sum of §34,016. This
is in violation of the treaty. It violates it because ,'
it attempts to add to the list by congressional en-
actment, when the treaty stipulates that a!! right
of addition is reserved to the Miamis of Indiana.
It violates it because it attempts to take by law
and give to one set of persons what by treaty has
been stipulated to belong to another set of per-
sons. It overrides the treaty, and asserts an un- j
questioned sovereignty in Congress against the ;
wili and without the consent of the tribe.- This •
legislative offense is flagrant and has no apology. '
Was the consent of the ti ihe fust obtained r No.
The Miamis of Indiana refused to give tlfeir con-
sent. I have in my hands the letter of the Com- ,
roissioner of Indian Affairs, under date of May J
27, 1858, and quote from it for the purpose of j!
showing that the question of embracing these per- j'
sons that the Secretary of the Interior has now i
embraced on the Miami roll, was submitted to
them, and that they utterly refused to entertain U: >
t( JVbi anher T, 18,j6. j
"Instructions weiewritten to John Dowhng. E-q.. spe-
cial agent. Peru, Indiana, to submit the claim* of the client^
<>t Me-srs. Borden and Biackenridge, to .-hare in the annu-
ities,tothe Tndians in council. In tin- lettei o! mstiuciions ,
Mr. Dowhng is admonished to5 take care to state to the Fn- ;
dian=  that the question left to their own voluntary action ; ,
tiiatit is for them to deteimine against or m favor of the
paitv appl.vtng 5 ;
'• The Oommi-ifioner. at the frame time, instructing Mr.
Bowling to inform the Indians that it is his advice to them
to act honesllv upon the subject. &c, John Dowling. Esq.,
December reports proceedings in relation to the
claims of certain individuals to participate in the annuities
of the Mititnis of Indiana. In tlu^ repoi t. Mr.Dowhng, after ,
detailing in-? efforts- to obtain the consideiation orthe claims
of the applv nig pat ties, concludes \\ ith the loUowiug word-:
" ' rinding the Indi.ai-in<'.\oi\ib!> opposed to the opening
or consideration of the question a* to the admission of the
claimants, either in gio-s ot in detail, and that thev had
prejudged the ca*e; I concluded the conicrence.'
Thus, the act of 1858 was passed after the Mi-
amis of Indiana, exercising the prerogative al-
lowed by treaty, had lefused to admit these par-
ties. Why' If there were no reason even, it was
done because they iiad, by treaty, the exclusive
privilege to do it; and to long as ttfe treaty shall
stand, Congress cannot question it. But there
was a reason. The whole affair was a bold pro-
fessional enterpuse. Year after year the tribe had
been harassed with this annoying question.^ Year
after year they had denied the nationality of these
persons, who came to the doors of their councils
and by attorney demanded admission. It cost
them much money. It gave them much trouble.
Jt annoyed them in their lodges and m their coun- ■
eila; and attorneys went to Washington, and
dragged them there, to try questions of nation- 1
66
ality, that by their national character it belonged
to themselves only to try. The tribe, therefore,
refused to entertain this subject, because, by the
terms of the treaty and the instructions of Mr.
Manypenny, it was their privilege to do so. The
very provision in the treaty which defined and
described the'peisons to whom payments were to
be made, was put in in order to put to rest forever
this vexatious and disturbing question. The le- h
gislation of the last year has defeated this beneli- i'
cent object. . i
Such is the treaty; such is the violence done to ;!
it by the legislation of the last year. This third
section, which the Senate hasno% struck oat, is |i
the remedy. I invoke this committee to stand by ;
this provision as a necessary means of keeping ! j
the faith of our treaty with those now under our ;i
protection, who heretofore have been honored as ,j
enemies and honored as friends, till now, in ut- i
most decline, they have nothing to trust but a high i i
sense of justice in Congress. , j
Nor is this all. The section of the act of last
year, that l have read, does not stop at this injury ^;
that I have alieady named. It goes further. But .;
first, it is necessaiy to mention a few facts, in or- '
der that the objection I now take to the legislation .,
of the last year may be made plainer. , ■
Those familiar with the history of the Miamis ;
are aware that, in pursuance of a treaty made in
1840, they agreed to emigrate, and subsequently, :
in 1846, did emigrate, to a region beyond the Mis- ■
sissippi. It was a stipulation that all.should go. ,
The fatal pi ogress of colonisation had long warned
them that they, in turn, were to leave their pleas-
ant hunting grounds, and—what the Indian last
gives up—the burial-places of their dtwl. In an-
ticipation of tins, and before the tieaty to remove
was negotiated, by the fouiteenth article of the
treaty of the Forks of the Wabash, of November '
G, 1838, an exception from that emigration was
made in favor of John B. Richardvilie, the pnn- j
cipal chief of the tribe. The treaty said he was
veiy old and infirm, and not well able to endure ,
the fatigues of u long journey; and it was there-
foie provided that the " United States should pay
him and his family at Fort Wayne the proportion
of the annuity of said tribe which their number
should indicate to be due them, whenever the tribe ,
should emijrate to the country assigned them west n
as a future residence." !|
By the fifth article of the treaty of November '
28, 1840, the same exception was made m favor 1
of the family of the late war chief, Francis God-
frey. By the seventh article of the same treaty, ,
the same exception was made in favor of Me-
shingomesia, and his brothers. By a joint reso-
lution of Congress, of March 3, 1845, the same
exception was made in favor of many other mem-
bers of the tribe.
They were thus allowed to remain in Indiana;
and their payments were required to be made .
; there. These,and these only, constitute tiie Mi-
amis of Indiana—the persons of whom a census
: was made by the Indian Office, by its agent,Mr. ,
Lindsay—the three hundred and two persons
whose names are on the corrected list. The home of
all the rest of the tribe is beyond the Mississippi.
It is worthy of notice, that no one of all these
sixty-eight persons whose names have been added
to tlie roll of Miamis of Indiana, as a consequence
t>f the legislation of the last year, ate wiilun any
of these exceptions. If they are Miamis, their
national place is beyond the Mississippi'. An-
other tiling must also be mentioned. The treaty
of June, 1854, was intended to be a summary of,
all pievious treaties Willi the Miamis. Thev were
thus distinguished into eastern Mianusand west-
ern Miamis, the Miamis of Kansas and the Mi-
amis of Indiana. By that treaty, Miamis resid-
ing on the land ill Kansas, in exchange for certain
annuities which they gave up, were entitled to
receive two hundred aeies of land each, for every
man, woman, and child. What lands remained,
were to be the common stock of the western tribe.
The Miamis east were to receive no lands; but in ,
hen of lands the Government stipulated to make .
an in vestment of $221,257 86, the interest of which
was to be paid to them. - Thus the beneficial' in-
terest in this large moneyed annuity'belonged to
the Miamis of Indiana alone, or to those persons
who had been excepted from emigration to Kan-
sas. This treaty of 1854 was made bythe whole
tribe. At this time, and at this very instant of
time, tire corrected list was made, not by. a part
of the tribe, not by the eastern Miamis only, but
by the whole tribe, represented in council at this
capital. One of the provisions of this treaty
leaves to the Miamis of Indiana to indicate the
manner in which their annuities shall be invested.
The Miamis west, by the treaty, not by the
amendment to the treaty, bat by the treaty itself,
left it to the Miamis of Indiana to determine the
mode of this investment:,
t: And the said Miami Indians, now present from 'be
State of Indiana, agree to take the opinion'of tiieii people,
on their return iiomc, and advise tile Departmcnt'witliout
delay."
The Miamis of Indiana did accordingly confer
with their people. It was agreed to invest at fiye
; per cent, per annum, to be paid annually, for
twenty-five years; the principal, at the end of that
, time, to be paid in full. They returned here,ac-
: cording to the language of the amendment to the
• treaty, " by a fully authorized deputation;" the
: Senate has said so, and cannot gainsay it. The
amendment to the treaty, which they were com-
! petent to make, is the result. Now, how can it
be said, when, by the act of the United States,
' and of the whole Miami tribe, it has been declared
that this money annuity is for the benefit, and
subject to the control, of tiie Miamis of Indiana,
that the amendment to the treaty is invalid, be7
i cause the whole tribe was not present at lis rati-
, fication? This objection is unworthy of us. It is
the act of the United States by the publie procla-
mation, made by the Piesiaent, of one of its
' treaties. It is the nomination of our own bond,
< lational and equitable. Shall the Senate, that
i advised and consented to it under the Constitu-
! tion, now disclaim it?
i And now, to the other point of objection I pro-
\ pose making.to the legislation of last year. It
i not only requires the enrollment of these sixty-
! eight persons among the Miamis of Indiana, and
! the payment of all past and future annuities, by
| means of which most of the appropriations of the
last year have been absorbed, thus treating these
i sixty-eight persons as if they were Miamis of In-
i diana, when I have already shown that they are
I not; but it also goes on to direct the Secretary of
the Interior " to cause to be located for such pcr-
! sons, each two hundred acres of land, out of the
tract of seventy thousand acres reserved by the
second aiticle of the treaty of June 5, 1854, with
1 the Miamis, to be held by such persons by the
same tenure as the locations of individuals are
• held which have been made under the third arti-
: cle of said treaty," as if they were Miamis of
I Kansas, when, by the second article of the treaty
■ of 1854, such landscan only belong tb persons who
' at the moment were lesiding on them. None of
. these sixty-eight persons reside on these lands.
' No other Miami of Indiana, no oue of the three
, hundred and two, is entitled to receive an acre of
these lands. No Miami of Kansas is entitled to
j receive any share of the annuities of the Miamis
of Indiana. But thes.e sixty-eight persons, by
law, are declared to be entitled to both. This
action of Congress, wiiich gives these sixty-eight
, persons benefits not belonging to any other mem-
bers of the tribe, is a wrong; not jn'endrd, to be
sure, but no less a wrong.
I might thus leave this matter to repose upon
■ the faith of this treaty in confidence that this body
will not require it to be impaired by any action
of its own. But I have been compelled to go else-
where m search for the objections that have been
taken to this section, which provides only thai
1 the treaty of 1854 shall be observed. The answer
I is, that the proviso which 1 have read from the
' published treaty is no part of the treaty. A gen-
1 tleman who sits in the Senate Chamber on behn.lt
