J859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in answer to a resolution of the House of'
Representatives, adopted December 11,1858, call-
ing for a statement showing payments from the
Treasury from the year 1840 to 1858 inclusive;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in reply to the resolution of the House of
Representatives, adopted December 14,1858, call-
ing for certain statistics of trade under the reci-
procity treaty with Great Brit^r, which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to*B printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting certain information in relation to the
several navy-yards, called forby resolution of the
the House of Representatives, January 15, 1859;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The question recurred'upon the motion of Mr.
Clare B. Cochrane, that the House do now ad-
journ.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the gentleman
from .New York to withdraw his motion, that I
may submit a proposition that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with a view to an evening
session.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I withdraw
my motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. There are several
gentlemen who desire to have an evening session
for debate.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. laiways object to night ses-
sions, and 1 must object now.
MISSISSIPPI LEVEE.
Mr. ATKINS, by unanimous consent, moved
that the special committee on the Mississippi river
levee have leave to print their report.
The motion was agreed td.
EVENING SESSION—AGAIN.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The gentleman from
South Carolina withdraws his objection to my
proposition; and I now move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with a view to an evening ses-
sion; with an understanding that no question shall
be put except upon a motion that the committee
rise, and that the House do adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Clay in the chair,) and proceeded, by unanimous
consent, to the consideration of the President's
annual message, and certain resolutions for the
reference of the same.
- Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. BUFP1NTON, who moved that the com-
mittee take a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
accordingly took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee resumed its session at seven
o'clock, p. m., and was severally addressed by
Messrs. MORRIS, of Illinois, ROYCE, CRA-
GlN,and WARD. [These speeches will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, obtained the
floor, but yielded to
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Ward having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Cla y-
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the Presi-
dent's annual message, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa,
(at nine o'clock and twenty-five minutes, p. m.,j
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 16, 1859.
Prayer by Rev, D. Wilson.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the reading of the 1st
rule of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows;
" 1. The President having taken the chair, and a quorum
being present, the Journal of the preceding day shall be
read, to the end that any mistake may be corrected that
shall be made in the entries."
Mr.<GWIN. When the Vice President took
the chair this morning, there were not ten Sena-
tors in their seats. I see that the papers have
noticed a remark which was made yesterday
morning by the Vice President as to the absence
of Senators at the hour of meeting. The mera-
bers"of the Senate are in the committee-rooms,
and I think the Sergeant-at-Arms ought to notify
them that there is not a quorum present. I think
we ought at least to begin our business with a
quorum. I will state, while I am up, th%t some
time ago I made a motion to reconsider the vote
passing the bill to receive proposals for the con-
struction of three railroads to the Pacific ocean.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] moved
to lay that motion on the table. He has been
unwell, and was not here at the proper time to
withdraw his motion. He has authorized me to
withdraw it, and I wish also to withdraw my
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hale in
the chair.) That can only be done when there is
a quorum present.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum; and the attention of the Chair has
been called to the fact that there is no quorum
present.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to present some formal
business which I suppose may be received by
unanimous consent, according to custom. I wish
to report a bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would be glad to receive it; but the attention of
the Chair having been called to the fact there is
no quorum present, and that being manifest, he
can receive no business.
Mr. BAYARD. That, I suppose, is one of the
benefits of meeting at eleven o'clock.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If there is no question and
no division of the Senate, it is not absolutely
necessary to have a quorum present, and we can
save lime by going on. I hope business will not
be interrupted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When the at-
tention of the Chair is not called to the fact, busi-
ness is sometimes done without a quorum being
present;' but when the attention of the Chair is
called to the fact that there is not a quorum pres-
ent, and that fact is manifest, he can entertain
no motion.
Mr. GWIN. I have seen it stated in the papers
that yesterday the Vice President remarked, when
he came m at eleven o'clock, that there were no
Senators here; and after waiting some time only
ten Senators appeared. Such remarks are calcu-
lated to produce an effect upon the country. The
fact is, the Senators are in theircommittee-rooms;
and I presume there are not half a dozen of them
who are not in the building.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not think those re-
marks will much damage the Senate. I have no
doubt the Senate can stand severer blows than
those.
Mr. FOOT. I think the parliamentary rule is
this—at any rate the practical rule is—that a
quorum is always presumed to be present until a
division shall show the contrary. I think that is
the practice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChair will
remark that, ordinarily, it is so; but the impres-
sion of the Chair is, that when his attention is
called by any member to the fact that there is not
a quorum present, and that fact is manifest, the
Chair is obliged to noticc it. If, however, the
Chair is mistaken, he will be glad to be advised
by older members of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. There are none such here.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HUNTER. I think it has been the cus-
tom of the Chair not to count the Senate to see
whether a quorum be present, unless a count is
called for. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The attention
of the Chair has been called,,by a Senator, to the
fact that a quorum is not present; and the Chair
has counted, and ascertained that fact.
Mr. HUNTER. I think, unless there is a call
for a count, or the fact appears on a division, the
Chair is not bound to notice it. At least, I think
such has been the practice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If such has
been the practice, the Chair will receive formal
business.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Stuart] has authorized me to withdraw
the motion he made to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider the Pacific railroad bill, that I may
withdraw the motion to reconsider that bill, which
I now do. I only made the motion for the pur-
pose of giving an opportunity to those who advo 
cated that mode of a Pacific railroad to make sucn
amendments as I thought wOuld be beneficial to
the bill; but, as they have declined to do so, I
withdraw the motion.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of State, communi-
cating, m obedience to law, statements showing -
the number and designation of passengers arriv-
ing in the United States during the year 1858; ,
which was ordered to lie on the table; and a mo-
tion by Mr. Hunter to print the report was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
: by Mr. Allex, its Clerk, announced that the
I Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No.
' 245) for the relief of A. Baudouin and A. D. Rob-
; ert; and it was signed by the Vice President.
| PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
; of Taylor county, Iowa, praying that the public
: lands may be laid out in farms" for the free and ex-
, elusive use of actual settlers; which was ordered
i to lie on the table.
j Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of John
B. Bennet, relative to his preemption rights under
. a contract to carry the mail from Highland, in
, Kansas, through Nebraska, to the Nyoway river;
, which was referred to the Committee on Public
| Lands.
! Mr. JONES presented a petition of residents
j and citizens of the northern twenty-eighth town-
I ship of Kossuth county, and of the west half o.
j Hancock and Winnebago counties, Iowa, pray-
j ing the annexation of that portion of the State to
' the Turkey river land district; which was re-
' ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FITCH presented a memorial of Archibald
Henderson, praying to be allowed a pension for
services in the war of 1812; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on tfie
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
562) for the relief of Anne E. Bronaugh, widow
of the late John W. Bronaugh, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of James Al-
bertson, of Holmes county, Ohio, a soldier in the
war with Mexico, praying a pension, and the bill
(S. No. 495) for the relief of James Albertson,
asked to bedischarged from their further consid-
eration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, frem the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
report of the Court of Claims adverse*o the claim
of Arthur Edwards and others, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 582) for the
relief of Arthur Ed wards and his associates. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
. Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill S. No. 510,
| in addition to the acts which prohibit the slave
j trade, have instructed me to report the bill-back
I without a recommendation either way. The
