February 16,
ground of (lm,t report is this: the honorable Sen-
ator from New Yqik, [Mr.Seward,] who intra- 1
duced the .WU, desired' to have a consultation of j
several members of the Senate tn fee If they could j
{perfect the details; of the hill. At this tate period
of the session it was found impnacticaWe to have
any comparison of opinion upon the subject.
There are difforences of opinio,a gs to the details
of such a measure, it .isone of great mo.mentand
importance, and probaWy would gire list; to con-
eidcrahlc Rebate, pn accpuijt, of the variances of
opinion upon the general subject, and the details
of the bill. Under those circumstances, the com-
mittee, believing itinexpedient and improper to
act upon it at the present session, baye instructed
me to report it back without any recommendation
in reference to it.
Mr. Seward, k will be seen, made an expla-
nation on this subject at a later period of the day,
when the consular and diplomatic bill was under
Consideration.
* PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. FITCH. I dtsire, Mr. President, to make
a report from the Committee oin Printing. It is
a joint resolution; and as it is somewhat lengthy,
perhaps the Senate will listen to a very brief ex-
planation of'its object. The Joint Committee on
Printing; have hail their attention called to the
fact that certain ordinary documents, the Pres-
- ident's message, the Patent Office report, the
Smithsonian report, and the Coast Survey re-
port, are printed by both Houses precisely alike.
Our Secretary furnishes every member of the
House with a copy, and every head of a Depart-
ment. The Clerk of the House furnishes every
member of the Senate with a copy as well as the
members of the House, and therefore duplicate
copies are published, bound, and distributed, ata
very useless expense, amounting to $37,001) per
annum. The object of this joint resolution is to
prevent it. I have given a full explanation of the
joint resolution; and the saving by it is estimated
at $37,000. It is a small item, it is true, but per-
haps worthy of the object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the re-
port call for action now ?
Mr. FITCH. It is a joint resolution; and I
should like, if there be no objection, to put it on
its passage at oner.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear it
read.
Mr. FITCH. It is merely to prevent dupli-
cate copies being published by both the Senate
and House of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. Then 1 hope it will be passed
at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana asks unanimous conscntto consider
the joint resolution now.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 79) in relation to the printing of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, was read twice !
by its title, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It is as follows:
Resolved, $•<;., That !rom and after the expiration of the
present session ot Con^res-. where the uvular number ot
rither of the annua! reports herein named—rhat i- to say,
the annual me^agt- of the Piesident of the United States,
with the accompanying documents,; the annual repoit of ibe
8eeretary of riio Tiea-my on the state of the finances; the
Coast Sm v^y rcpoit;theagiicultural and mechanical Patent
Office i eports; the report 011 the eoinmeiei.il relation4? of the
United bEate^ with all foreign nations: and the report of
the regent*or tiie riimtiisonian Institution— sha'i he ordered
to he pi mtcd hv cither Hoiko of Congress, the House so or-
dering the same to he punred shall immediately notifv the
other llou^e of such order; and the ^upeiintciuleut of Pub-
lic Printing is hereby directed, in nil cases, when any one or
more of the above documents has been ordered to he printed
by both floitsps of Cougn*.^, to withhold and not execute
the order ol the House ta t making the order lo print such
document or document's.
•find he it f u-ither resolved, That in no ease shall more than
one thousand five hundred and fifty copies of the above
named documents he printed under the provisions of this
resolution, miles-rs the printing of extra numbers be ordered
by either House; and the one thousand five hundred and
titty copies as regular numbers shall be distiibuted by the
officers of the Iiou^e first oidenng the printing of the same,
as at present provided.
Mr. FITCH. It will be perceived by the Sen-
ate, that the object is to prevent duplicate copies;
our ordinary number is one thousand four hun-
dred and fifty; the House ordinary number ip one
thousand five hundred and fifty. We put it at
the last, and prohibitany others being published.
We now publish double that number, at an ex-
pense which is quite useless. I should prefer lo
have the joint resolution put on its passage im-
mediately.
Mr. F£S$'ENDE?f. It applies only to all fu-
ture Congresses.
Mi-. FITCH. Yes, sir. We cannot make it
retronetrve.
T'he joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amend naentj ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the liiird time., and
.CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BItX.
Mi". HUNTER. I rise to appeal to the Senate,
by general consent, to enable me to take up the
diplomatic and consular appropriation bill. J hope
to be able to get through witiii it ia an li©ur or
two if the Senate swill lake it up now.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to a privileged question. I
wish to make some reports. I understand that
is a privilege until tw,elve o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. I think a decision made on
that point would be reoomsidered, if the Vice
President were in the chair. I am very certain
we cannot get along with the business if I cannot
move postpone the prior,orders for the purpose
of taking up the appropriation bills. 1 move to
postpone all prior orders, that the Senate may
take up the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hale.)
Does the Chair understand that the Yice Presi-
dent decided that that motion was not in order?
Mr. HUNTER. He did yesterday; but I am
sure, if he were here, he would reconsider his
opinion. I have had some conversation with him
on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair feels
bound to adhere to that decision of the Vice Pres-
ident, though it is contrary to his individual
opinion.
Mr. HUNTER. Why, Mr. President Jhe rule
simply directs the Vice President to call for pe-
titions and reports; it assigns no morning hour;
but if that decision be correct, a majority of the
Senate.cannot control its business, because Sen- j
ators could go on making petitions and reports I
all day. ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator j
will indulge the Chair a moment. The opinion I
of the Chair is the same as that of the Senator
from Virginia; but he feels bound by the decision i
which the Vice President made yesterday. '
Mr. HUNTER. Then I appeal from the de- i
cision. 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator ,
from Virginia appeals from the decision of the j
Chair. Is the Senate ready for the question ? !
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator from '
Virginia will let us offer some reports. I
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is aware that if ,
I give way Senators will go on with theoi all the '
morning. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia moves to postpone all prior orders,
for the purpose of taking up the bill indicated by
him. The Senator from Alabama interposed a
question of order. The Chair understanding that
it was ruled by the Vice President yesterday that
the motion of the Senator from Virginia was not
in order, adhm-es to that decision. From that
decision tile Senator from Virginia appeals; and
the question is, "Shall the opinion of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate r "
The question being put, the decision of the
Chair was overruled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Se> ator from Virginia is now in order.
Mr. HUNTER. I now submit my motion.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the Senator will not press
his motion until twelve o'clock, so as to allow us
to go through with the reports. I will help him
to take up the bill then, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. HUNTER. £ think, if we can get up this
billjiow, we can dispose of it m an hour and a
hull, and 1 shall riot be in the way of Senators
again for a day or two, and they can take two
hours to-morrow for morning business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia moves to postpone all prior orders
for the purpose of taking up the bill making ap-
propriations for ths consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1860.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas arid nays were ordered.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia intends to allow this bill to pass over at one
o'clock. I shall vote with him to take up the.bill
•with that understanding.
Mr. CQLL&MER. His motion is to dispense
with all orders.
Mr. HUNTER. If I can get it up, I will
low it to pass over at one o'clock; but hereafter
I shall struggle for precedence for the appropria-
tion bills until disposed of.
Mr. ALLEN. Is it understood that this bill
is not to be taken up until one o'clock?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir. The
motion is to take it up now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas Q^nays 1@> as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bales, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Brown, CImgman, Fucli, Green. Gwin, Hammond, Hunter,
Iverson, Kennedy, Sla on, Rice, SlidciJ. Toombs, Ward,
and Yulee—20. ■
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Cnsneron, Chandler, Oiark, Clay,
CoHamcr.Dixoa, J}o0!itUcvFicsseHdGn, Foot, Hale. Hamlin* ~
Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Reid, Seward, and
Wade—18.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Semite,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 666) making
appropriation for lhe consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government, for the year ending the
30th of June, 1860.
Mr. HUNTER, I will offer the amendments of
| the Committee on Finance. The first is, in page
j 2, line fifteen, to strike out " fourteen" and insert
; tl four," so that it will read, " for salaries of en-
voys extraordinary and commissioners of ibe
United States,&c., $204,000." That is because
they struck out in the House the estimate for the
Minister to Persia, and it requires a correspond-
ing reduction in the amount, which they did not
Mr. GWIN. What is that?
Mr. HUNTER. The House struck out the
Minister to Persia without reducing the amount
. of appropriation. This amendment makes the
j appropriation correspond to the object for which
! it is made.
j The amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. HUNTER. "The next amendment is, on
; page-3, line fifty-one, to strike out the word "Si-
: moda,"inthe item for the salaries of consuls.
The reason for that is this: we have made the con-
! sul general there minister resident, and it was
deemed that one office was enough. The Depart-
1 ment only recommended one; and inasmuch as we
( made him minister resident, we propose to strike
i out the provision for consul general at Simoda,
in Japan.
Mr GWIN. I hope that will not be stricken
] out. A consul general is more important there
, than a minister. The consul general will reside
' at SimodS, and the minister resident will have to
i go to the seat of empire; and I am afraid our com-
; mercial interests, which are more important, will
j be neglected if we have no consul general. I do
| not object to a minister; but, between a minister
and a consul general, I infinitely prefer the con-
1 sul general. The trade between Japan and the
Pacific coast of the United States is going to be
i very large, and we ought to foster our commercial
, interests there to the utmost extent of our power.
! I think one of the most important provisions in
j the bill is for a consul general at Simoda. 1 hope
! it will not be stricken out.
i Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me one officer is
, enough. The Departmentonly recommends one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment is in
page 4, line seventy-seven, to strike out " forty"
and insert " thirty-five," so as to reduce the ap-
propriation for salaries of consuls from $240,000
to $235,000. That is to make the appropriation
correspond with the reductions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment is to in-
sert as a new section:
- And be it further enacted, That the salary provided by the
third section of''An act to regulate the diplomatic and con-
sular systems of the United States," approved August 18,
18.M5, a-s compensation for the con^ii gvneial of"British
North America, as by schedule B, shall be in full of all com-
pensation allowed to that officer ; and all fees received by
any vice consul or commercial agpiu in British North Amer-
ica, exceeding the amount allowed by the President, as
compensation for iiis services, and all tees received by said
consul general, shall be accounted for bv such officers, re-
spectively, to the Treasury of the United States.
