1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
ing the Army and Navy in their defense." This
colony of Liberia has been dependent entirety
upon the Federal Treasury for its existence at
this time, and it is proposed by this appropria-
tion to continue this system which, I say, is un-
unwarranted by law and by the Constitution.
Therefore, I shall vote to strike out si?> muph as
•was intended to provide for the support of those
negroes after they reached Africa.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I suppose that
the law was designed to secure, at least, so much
as the extradition of slaves illegally imported into
the United States. That that object may be ef-
fectually accomplished, th'ey must be removed
from the United States to some place beyond our
territory. The law provides a further detail in
regard to that purpose, and that is, that they shall
be delivered to sorfie proper agent in some other
country, who shall receive them. That agent
must exist, and must be found by the President
of the United States; but his acceptance of these
persons is a matter voluntary with him or with
his principal. He is under no obligation to take
them; and if you go beyond him to his principal,
the principal is under no obligation to accept' or
receive these persons. It must, therefore, be a
matter of agreement, negotiation, compromise,
and arrangement, between the Government of the
United States and that agent or principal.
Now, suppose the proper agent will receive
these persons on the condition that he not only
receives them, but is paid the expenses which he
incurs by receiving them: that is clearly within
the purview of the law. Suppose he attaches, as
he may well attach, the further condition,'" I will
not accept these persons unless you stipulate for
the further consequence of their provision for a
day, two days, three days, a month, a year:" it
is manifest that that condition must be accepted
by the United States, orelse the lawcannot be ex?
ecuted.
Suppose the agent imposes a further condition,
that duriftg the time lie is required to provide for
their support, with the money furnished to him,
carc shall be taken for their morals and their in-
struction in order that they may be cared for more
comfortably, more cheaply, and economically: it
seems to me that this is an incident which belongs
to the transaction, and about which he may stip-
ulate in his contract, when, without attending to
such details, the purpose itself could not be ac-
complished.
Mr. MASON. I can have no doubt that when
the President was called on to execute the exist- j
ing law with reference to the deportation of those i{
Africans who were recently landed in the United ji
States, there was great difficulty m knowing how !l
far he could properly extend the provisions of the ;
law to prevent what he very properly considered j
an act of gross cruelty to the people who had been j
thus brought over in violation of the law of the i
United States. I have had 110 conversation with j
him on the subject, and do not profess to give his j
opinions; but, looking at the law, and placing I
myself in his position, I can very well understand I
that he would have great difficulty in knowing to
what extent he could extend that law without vio- j
lating his duty as the Chief Executive. j
According to my recollection of the law, it pro- I
vides simply, that when negroes are brought into j
the United States in violation of the laws prohib- j
iting the slave trade, they shall be delivered to the i
marshal of the district where they shall land, and
tlje marshal shall take charge of them; of course
at the expense of the Government of the United
States. It provides further, that the President
shall send them back to Africa; it does not say on
what part of the coast they shall be landed. It :
provides further, that they shall be delivered to an j
agent appointed by him to receive them, and noth-
ing more. That law was passed a great many
years ago. There has been no instance, within
my knowledge, when it was necessary to place a
construction upon the law until here very recently,
when the cargo of negroes that has been referred
to was landed.
Now, if humanity had been consulted, or rather
if humanity could have been consulted instead
of consulting the actual provisions of- the law, ,
these negroes, I presume none will doubt, would j
have been far belter provided for by retaining j
them in the country into which they had been j
illegally brought, and making such provision for j
them in a state of bondage as the laws of the States I
where they were landed would admit of or might
require. But humanity could not be consulted;
the law must be carried into execution. What is
it? That they should be sent back to Africa and
landed there,and turnedoverto an agent appointed
by the President to receive them. I do not see
that the President was called on to do'more than
to execute the lawas it actually stood, appointing
an agent to receive them, in order that the Exec-
utive might know that they had been landed bona
fide upon the shores of Africa. The report made
by the officer appointed to receive them would
assure the Executive of the fact that they had
been landed on the shores of Africa; and what-
ever he might do, on inquiry as to the proper
place to land them, the place wliere it was most
probable they would be able to provide for them-
selves after they were landed, they might go; but
I can see no propriety in construing that law to
vest an authority in the Executive to make pro-
vision for their maintenance, and still less for
their education after they have been landed.
I understand, from the documents which have
been sent here in connection with this subject,
that he made a contract with the Colonization
Society that they should take charge of them,
and protect them for one year; subsist them and
clothe them; and further, that during that year
they should be taught some of the practical me-
chanic arts of life. That was very humane, 1
dare say, but humanity most illy directed; be-
cause they were to remain in their country after
the year expired, and during that year, although
humanely designed, that has been done forthem
which would be most likely to incapacitate them
for the life the^ire to return to, because, that
these negroes are to return to savageism, I pre.
sume none can question—every one of them. I
should think, from what I know of the charac-
teristics of the African race, that the chances are
very large, whatever surveillance may be exer-
cised over them by the Colonization Society in
Liberia, that one half, or two thuds, will escape
like rabbits, and go in the bush to get away from
the restraints of civilized life.
I do not see that any harm, or any-risk could
.be done by cutting down the appropriation as
proposed by the Senator from Alabama. The
expenses of receiving them while they were in
this country, and taking charge of them here;
of sending them across the seas, landing them on
the coast of Africa, must be provided for, and the
expenses of the agent to receive them there, in
order that the Executive might be assured that
the law was carried into effect after they were
there, must be paid. Beyond that the law is per-
fectly silent, and I should take it for granted that
the law intended, whether wisely or unwisely,
that when the native of Africa got back to the
place of his nativity, he was able to take care of
himself. I shall, therefore, vote to cut down the
appropriation.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to inquire whether
there is a binding contract made as a whole?
Mr. HUNTER. There is.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I will not vote for
the motion. I agree with my friend from Ala-
bama pretty much in his view of the law; but nev-
ertheless the object of the law in providing Cor send-
ing them back, was clearly that they should live.
Well, everybody who knows anything of the
condition of Afiicn, knows that if they had been
sent there and turned adrift, unless there was
somebody to take them in hand and enslave them,
for they would not have been taken care of in any
other way, they would, most likely, have perished.
It was to be expected, therefore, that the Presi-
dent would take whatever steps were necessary to
pieserve their existence, and under that view he
has made this contract. If he had just turned
j them adrift on the shore, and they had perished,
! he would have been censured. There is not a Sen-
\ ator here or a humane man who would have ad-
i vised him to take any sach course as that. He^
! made a contract in good faith.
It is said that there was no neecssity, perhaps,
: for allowing a year's subsistence. Itmaybethat
he could not do better. How that is I do not
| know. But here is the Presidentactmg from hu-
' mane motives, and endeavoring to carry out the
■ law, which is one of difficulty; a law which, per-
I haps, any Senator here would have found some-
! what perplexing. He may have exceeded his
! constitutional powers. On that point I do not
express any opinion now. Some years ago some
shipwrecked Japanese were sent back to Japan,
at very considerable expense, I do not know what.
I do not know anything in the Constitution ox
laws that directs such an expense to be paid, but,
there may be some provision. I putit yery much
on the footing of our appropriations of money to .
the families of men who die in the public service.
It is a thing that occurs almost every session. If
I were asked to point to some clause of the Con-
stitution which authorizes us, when a member of
this body dies, to send his remains home at a con-
siderable expense, I could not do it. These are
things done from feelings of humanity, and if
they are not pushed to an extreme, I fpi not dis-
posed to scrutinize them closely.
I rather think this case will lead to some mod-
ification of the law. Perhaps legislation is neces-
sary. I am not prepared to say that I approve
the law as it now stands; it may be that some-
thing ought to be done; but inasmuch fis the
President has simply-done what the common ideas
of humanity required of him, and has made a con-
tract, which stands as a valid contract, I am not
disposed to change it; and I shall be obliged to vote
against the motion of the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not propose to debate
this question, but simply rise to object to the pro-
position which the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Clingman] has advanced, and which seems
to have had the approbation of the distinguished
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] that this
being a contract in whole, must be executed. I
do not understand tfhat that is the law, and both
Senators being lawyers, I am very much sur-
prised to find that they take that position. The
President is nothing but an agent of the law, and.
lie can only carry out the law. He has no right
to go beyond it; and if the law does not author-
ize him to make a contract to support these Afri-
cans, or educate them, after they are landed in
Africa, then the contract which he makes is not
binding on the Government, but it is null and
void. The Senator from North Carolina is law-
yer enough to know that if he appoints an agent
or attorney to make a contract for him, the attoi*
ney must keep within the scope of his authority,
and if he exceeds it in any respect, the contract
is null and void, and not binding oil him. The
President was, no doubt, actuated by motives of
benevolence in making this contract, but it is con-
ceded on all hands that he exceeded his author-
ity. The contract, therefore, is not binding—
certainly not binding in that part of it which was
in violation of the power conferred on him by the
law.
Well, suppose, instead of sending them to Af-
rica, and making provision for them there for
twelve months, he had, on principles of benevo-
lence, required that we should keep them here in
the United States and maintain them for twelve
months, and had made a contract to that extent,
would that have been binding on Congress? By
no means. Suppose, instead of sending them to
j Africa, lie thought the calls of humanity required
I tluit they should be sent toLaguayra, and kept
| there twelve months to be educated, would such
, a contract be binding on Congress? Certainly not.
! It is absurd to say that this contract is binding,
J and should be carried out in all its entirety, when
! it is admitted on all hands that a portion of it, at
1 least, is in direct contravsntion of the law and
the authority conferred on the President.
I I did jiot rise to debate the question, but togive
j this as a reason why I am not controlled by the
| whole contract which the President has made.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Perhaps I may not have
stated exactly what I meant. I agree that the
: distinguished Senator from Georgia may imagine
II many things the President might have done that
\I would not sanction. What I intended to say
I was, that the President, in obedience to law, had
T made a contract for their delivery; and it was to
j' be expected it would be for their preservation.
II That they should be located in Africa to perish,
I was not, of course, rfie object and intent of the
: law; and in executing it he may have gone a little
j too far; yet, as the contract had been made and
| executed in part—and it struck me as not a very
I' extravagant or unreasonable one in the amount
j of money paid, though, perhaps, there was too
; much money—I would not withhold the appro-
j! priation. Perhaps I should say it was wrong to
I: make any stipulation for their education, f think
