1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
ish border. After the heart of his uncle and
liis policy, and after the man whom he affects
to imitate, this would be the ambition of the Em-
peror. The Emperor would not forget, either,
how difficult it is to conduct a war in these cli-
mates. In the time of Generals Beauharnais and
Le Clerc, under the Republic, they sent out two
or three expeditions of troops to San Domingo,
and they were as good troops as those that fought
at Austerlitz and Marengo; but did they accom-
plish anything? Wot at all. In that climate it
may be said, literally, that
"The angel of death spread his wings on the blast,
And breathed in the face of the foe as he passed."
Now, sir, do you believe, with that prestige of
bad luck, the French Emperor would care about
turning his eyes in this direction, and interfering
with Cuba ? Not at all.
Then the question is as to England. I am con-
strained to say that 1 do not know how to under-
stand her. In virtue of having large possessions
on this continent, being a large landholder here,
she probably has a right to be heard, and a right
to look out somewhat on this continent. That
would be fair. But if she wanted Cuba, she would
take it; and, in my judgment, we could not stop
her, especially if she were backed by France.
Look at what she has done in the Crimean war,
which is just past; a war more destructive than
any other, on account of the improved state of
lire-arms, and the vast additions made by new in-
ventions to destructive implements of every sort;
a war such as you read of neither in fable nor in
history. The fabled war of the gods, when the
mountains were upheaved and the trees were torn
up by their roots, or Milton's description of the
battle with the fallen angels, does not equal in gran-
deur and greatness, and everything that pertains
to %htmg, of Balaklava and Inkerman, and the
taking of Sebastopol.
Do these great achievements seem to stop her?
Not at all. After that unfortunate charge of Car-
digan's, I supposed she had hardly an efficient
horse left; but she concluded, since that time, that
she must go over into Persia, and box her jaws.
Notwithstanding the example of the disaster of
Cardigan's guard, the English made a charge
against ten thousand Persians, on the plain of
Teheren, compacted and fixed in the best way
they could be for fighting. They stood their
ground for battle; but the English troops came up
—1 suppose the same Scotch Greys that charged
Napoleon's artillery at Waterloo—in three col-
umns cumforin, and with but one forlorn man,
a lieutenant, to break the rank. They charged
down upon those ten thousand men. Two of the
lieutenants were cut down, and the third one was
killed, from the fact that his horse careened, and
he lost las sword-arm before he plunged linn on
the bayonets; but all three columns made a road
through the enemy, and they fell before them like
ninc-pms. They formed,and re-charged through
again; and, compared with the number engaged
111 that battle, there were not, in twenty minutes,
as many Persians left to tell the tale, as there
were Grecians left by Leonidas at the straits of
Thermopylae That is the sort of fighting they
do. Ours is done with Mexicans and Indians,
What else has England done? She has made
China come into her measures. The fact that
theie was a vast rebellion in her provinces in the
East did not check her at all. General Havelock,
who was to have been made a peer, and a glori-
ous old Christian commander he was, 111 a series
of one hundred splendid engagements subjugated
place after place, until he eventually died. His
successor, Sir Cohn Campbell, seems to go ahead
with equal spirit and equal strength. The prov-
inces will all be brought in, and they will be made
to pay the expenses of the fight. They will be
put under stricter discipline by way of preven-
tion, and to Satisfy herself, England will annex
a few other provinces. There is where her am-
bition is; there is where the prosperity of her em-
pire, in a great degree, lies. She has been going
on in this way for centuries, without the horrors
of a war at home upon her own shores, or any
fear of a foreign invasion, and with only occa-
fsjupal civil outbreaks. Of her it may be said that,
foe a tijfiijsand years, the temple of Janus has
substantially ?;,ever been closed. A bloody old
lii.uiser, jK^pjed around the world insult-
ing, biow-beating, 411115 shipping anybody and
;'\e:yln>dv she'ebose
Her fleet is five or six hundred ships, ten or
eleven times as strong as ours. The fleet of
France is about ten times as large as ours, and I
suppose she would join in such a struggle just
for the grandeur of the thing. Suppose we get
into a fight with them about Cuba: how are we
to get men there? and if we get them there, how
are we to succor them with other men and with
provisions ? Will they not cut off all intercourse?
If the island was given to us to-day, they could
come and take it, or starve us out, unless the cli-
mate killed them off; nothing but the yellow fever
would ever save us. It is absolutely a point of
weakness, in my estimation, instead of a point
of strength. Gentlemen talk about its being the
key, and commanding the Gulf of Mexico, the
queen of the Antilles, a gem, and I hardly know
what all All manner of things are said. Why,
sir, does not every man know that outside of the
reefs of Florida there is passage enough for ves-
sels, and that you cannot raise such works of
fortification there as would interrupt the passage
of vessels in the channel ? So it is on the Cuba
side, where you go into the Caribbean se$. It is
utterly impracticable. Suppose we had the Moro
Castle, and there were eight or ten seventy-four
gun ships before it: how long do you suppose it
would stand? There are many points on the isl-
and where soldiers could be landed. England
keeps twenty-five thousand men in Canada as her
regular complement. She could run them down
and land in Cuba these regular soldiers trained in
war. Your regular French Zouaves, Bedouin
Arab fighters could go there; and what would be
our raw troops, our green troops, against them ?
Our troops, of course, would be unprovisioned.
We should be driven out of the island, not be-
cause our people are not brave and willing to fight,
but because we could not stand such fighting.
Then, instead of going on in this way, I should
like to have some reflection and some thought be-
stowed upon the subject. If we get Cuba, we
must certainly hold it by fortifications; and I
should like to send a commission there to exam-
ine it. such as we sent out in the Crimean war to
examine the Russian fortifications and the arma-
ments of the allied armies, and I would add to
that commission the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis,] for I have more confidence in his
military ability than in any man nowin the United
States; and I would also put on it the Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Shields.] Let thern go
down and survey Cuba as a man would survey a'
piece of land before he bought it. Let them come
back and tell us whether there is any Cronstadt
there, such as the Russians have to defend St.
Petersburgh. Let them tell us whether there is a
place where a fortification may be built such as
was built at Sebastopol under the genius of the
immortal Todtleben. Let them tell us whether
theie are any places for a Redan and a Mamelon
tower to rear their heights in such grandeur as to
be able to beat back an English fleet. I would
wish to be satisfied 011 all these points; because,
when wo come to get it, 1 should suppose we want
to hold it.
I spoke before of our going in debt, for four
hundred years, to build the Pacific railroad. I
think that if we should get into a war on account
of Cuba, we should be so crippled that we should
never get out of debt. I think I propose a fair
way of trading, A mail does not buy a horse
without looking at it.
I do not care for all the popular clamor down
South about buying Cuba. They do not know
anything about it. If you talk to the people in
the South about it, and tell them what a fine coun-
try it is, they are very willing to have it; but our
people have been so petted and so spoiled upon
this subject, again and again surfeited, like ft great
child whose appetite is vitiated by sweatineats,
that they are eternally whining because then-
stomach is not as big as their eyes, and they can-
not swallow everything they see. [Laughter.]
They ought to have somebody who is willing to
tell them the truth. When you talk to them about
the acquisition of Cuba, they think it is all right,
Men say, " Uncle Sam foots the bill; and wljo
knows that there may not be a wind-fall for him;
that 1 may not draw a ticket 111 the lottery? I do
not know how it will come out." And so men go
or, just us an adventurer, without knowing any-
thing about the population, habits, pursuits, or
ehauieter of the people, ! have heard a man rant
about Cuba, and if you landed him on the island
he would be the most lonesome poor creature in
the world. Imported African negroes would pa-
laver and jabber at him, and supercilious Cubans
would look at him scornfully and walk around by
him as a turkey looks at a snake in a rain, [laugh-
ter;] and the very negroes, unless feed, would not
wait on him; and they would not wait on him for
a very substantial reason—they would not know
what in the world he said, and he would not know
what they said.
The people of Cuba speak a different language,
they profess a different religion, and they are of
different extraction from tis; and our,people have
regarded them as aliens and outlaws from the
pale of humanity and civilization. That is the
feeling of our population out West, I know.
Suppose we annex them: by the annexation you
have the high prerogative of taking them under
your wing. You hare to protect them in war,
and attend to them in peace. You marry them
as a man does his wife, " for better or for worse."
If the Senator from Louisiana gives a true ac-
count of Cuba, I would rather, before she comes
into the family, consult a little furthei^and a little
longer about it. Saying nothing about color, I
think I have been at more respectable weddings
than it would be to bring her into the household.
[Laughter.] She is to be civilized and Christian-
ized, and all this under the guardianship and pro-
tection of the United States. It is a heavy job.
No doubt the spirit of our people can accomplish
it, for they have achieved wonders; but it is cer-
tain there would not be many of the natives of
Cuba left there long.
Well, sir, what is the immediate haste for this
measure now ? There is no necessity for any
haste about it. We are at peace with England,
we are at peace with France, and we are at peace
with Spain. Why make this attempt in time of
profound peace, when even the authorities, cited
in the able report of the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Slid ell,] admit that we ought not to make
any effort to take the island while it remains under
Spanish rule. Englahd and France proposed to
; us a tripartite treaty guarantying that we would
J not seize the island; but Mr. Everett refused to
1 agree to it. They see that we eventually look to
j it, and we have all avowed it here, and still they
do not interfere. I ask you, is not this bill cal-
culated to create a rapture between the three na-
tions ? They may protest; they may not fight; but
I ask, at this time, is it not premature, uncalled
for, unnecessary? We had better pay the debts
we owe now. I have known several very respect-
able Old Virginia gentlemen, of Anglo-Saxon
blood, out in Kentucky, get broke just by pay-
ing taxes on too much land. Ragged negro after
ragged negro would go; but they would still hold
on to their land, and at last it would be eaten up
by taxes, and they be insolvent; and, in some
cases, after their death, their estates would not
be worth enough to pay their fufteral expenses.
I have known one or two absolutely ruined by
having too much land.
i think we have a pretty good sized country
now; and it would have been entirely too large
but for the fortunate turn up of gold in California.
That was a godsend to the country; and if it had
not been that we found gold there to redeem the
country from the position it was in, the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo would have been a blistering
sore to us for years and years to come. So,
when we bought Louisiana, we made a kicky hit;
but in buying Cuba there is no chance of any-
thing of that sort. We buy the negroes for the
owners to keep, them; and we buy the Sand for
the owners to keep it. We trade for the sover-
eignty; that is, the burden of taking care of them
and protecting them and civilizing them. There
is no godsend left there.
Why do you want Cuba? Some gentlemen
talk about gravitation, and say it gravitates this
way; and others tell us that there is a political
necessity for our tide of emigration going in that
direction, Well, sir, 1 know that if you go out
into the country and talk to the people, you will
find them m favor of the next war, or some war,
and of getting more land; and it is a pretty safe
platform to go upon.
Mr. Clay and Mr. Adams were not at the head
of the Government when they spoke about this
gravitation. They spoke ofit, I suppose,asakind
of humbug for the South; but they put off the time
