1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
of acquiring it indefinitely, until Buchanan at last
has brought it up. After Mr. Clay wrote his letter,
and John Gluincy Adams came into power, did
they practice what they said ? Notatall. They
held it np as ft happy delusion to all the Gulf
States that they must eventually have Cuba, and
would have it at no remote day; that such was
manifest destiny and passional attraction, accord-
ing to the free-love school; that Cuba would just
rush into our afms any how. [Laughter.] It is
said she is gravitating towards us; that is the
term. Well, sir, she has not gravitated an inch
from where she stood when they wrote; and if
the Cubans understand hoy the Americans will
treat them, it will not, with their consent,gravi-
tate this way much longer, but they will keep
"panting for liberty." - I say that,because the
report seems to insinuate that the population are
willing to come to us. I do not know whether
they are or not; upon that subject I have no in-
formation. They seemed at Cardenas to receive
" with hospitable hands to bloody graves" the
men who, it was said, went there to aid them in
obtaining freedom. You may say those who did
that were the soldiery. Well, that Spanish sol-
diery is a mixed up affair, and I suppose most of
it is collected from the Cuban peasants who live
on the mountains, and they will do the same thing
again.
There is nobody to be benefited by this except
Spain, who would get largely more than the island
would be worth, and we would be cursed with a
burden. The Cubans might stand their ground
until they could sell out. Negroes are much
cheaper there, I understand, than they are in
Louisiana, and the annexation of the island would
cause them to rise immensely in value there. The
Cubans could sell out to the Gulf-State men, who
wanted to go over there; and even if they were
forced sales, they would get more than they are
worth now. That is the way they would go off;
that is the way the island would be settled up;
but I do not take it for granted that they desire it,
except as a mere matter of ambition, a matter of
avarice—avarice of the meanest sort—and that
avarice which the Senator from Louisiana says
makes the Cuban planter annually count what is
the value of a negro in sugar. He supplies him
f from the coast of Africa, and by his infernal al-
■m cherny, makes him into molasses or sugar. If
the best of the population, the planters, are so
cruel as to be professional pirates and negro
traders, and regularly make calculations upon a
t negro's life in that way, I do not think they are
fit to come into this Union. With their barbar-
® ism and their cruelty, they would not suit us.
^ Mr. President, there are many other things to
P which I should allude; but I know the time of the
Senate is precious. Perhaps I should be indulged
with a continuance; but, condensing as well as I
can, I will make an effort to get through with what
I have to say. I have an objection to the terms
of this bill itself—aninsuperableobjection. Itpro-
vides—
"r! ",Tiifit the sum of §30.000,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wi«e appropriated, to enable the President to make a treaty
... with Spam for tlie purchase of the Island of Cuba, to be
• used by lum m the event that said treaty, when signed by
tl,e authorized agents of the two Governments, and duly
ratified by Spain, shall call for the expenditure of the same,
oranypart thereof; full am! accurate accounts for which
expenditure shall be by him transmitted to Congress at as
■' * early a day as practicable,"
Whatdoesthis mean ? 0'Donnell,orEspartero,
or somebody else, is at the head of Donna Isa-
^ bella's Government. Who is in power, I do not
^ know; but the intention is, that the money is to
be drawn out and lodged safely with our Minis-
^ ? ter, Mr. Preston, under the flag of the United
States, and then we are to wait for a revolution in
Spain, and then we are to make a trade with the
v incoming Government—say it is a tie facto Govern-
ment—get them to sign a treaty, and the thing is
finished. They will have got $30,000,000 of our
money as a prepayment. It is to be on hand in
' readiness to take advantage of the nick of time;
sff for it cannot be supposed it is to be used in any
> * other way, or any other juncture, or at any other
.r1* time. Some pronunciamiento or a coup iPelat upsets
the Government, and there is a trade of this sort.
,#i4 Well, sir, I am not much for that kind of nego-
tiation; and besides, I am for keeping the money
where it is.
^ The Constitution provides that the President
may make treaties, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate of the United States—two
thirds of them concurring. The framers of the
Constitution were so cautious in "regard to this
matter that they put upon the President the check
of requiring two thirds of the Senate to ratify any
treaty he might make, before it should be bind-
ing. In the beginning of the Government the
Senate was regarded as a-consulting Executive
Chamber. How many Senators the President has
consulted about this matter, I do not know; what
Senators he has consulted, I cannot tell. The
money, however, is to be drawn out of the Treas-
ury, and we are not to know how it is to be used;
but after it has been spent the President is to file
full and accurate accounts. What is filing full
and accurate accounts ?
Suppose the money is misspent, suppose it is
lost or fooled away: you have granted him a vote
of confidence, and I would as soon grant a vote
of unlimited confidence as to have no further se-
curity than this. He is to file accounts of what
he spends. He is to have this vast amount of
money in his pocket, under his control. He is
anxious to distinguish his Administration,anxious
if possible to do something by which posterity
will remember him and connect his name with
Cuba. In addition to his natural ardor, and the
opinions he already has on this subject, he might
think if you vote him this money that he was
under obligations to do something, that he must
move. Well, sir, I will not put any such embar-
rassing obligation on him. I do not care how fair
or how accurate his accounts may be, whenever
they come, in there will be an eternal scandal and
gossip in the politics of this country, and a sup-
position that all was not right. People will so
talk and will so think, and you cannot help your-
selves.
Besides, when the Senate come to ratify the
treaty, I do not think it is fair for them to have
such a constraint imposed upon them as the pay-
ment of such a large sum would be. When my
successor comes here to act upon the treaty I i
want him to be untrammeled, to act according to
his dictates of duty under his oath, and accord-
ing to his conscience; but if you have already
paid $30,000,000, that will hang like a millstone
around his neck. The Senate will act, under I ha
fear of losing this large sum, and the demand will
be <( come down with the balance to secure what
you have already anted, or you will lose what
you put up." That is not the Constitution; that
is not the way the Constitution contemplates. It
is not the way, in my judgment, to carry it on.
Mr. President, in reflecting on the proposition
of the Senator from New York to let off the spirit
of fillibustering, I must say; a word or two more
to him. He is a man of eminent ability, and ge-
nial in feeling. I do not think his election would be
a casusfczderh; no breach of the league between the
States. He isa constitutional man, and ifhe should
be elected there must be some overt act of oppres-
sion, or rebellion, ordereliction from duty, before
you could complain. My opinion is, that he is such
a generous-hearted man that he would rather lean
towards the South, by way of showing that he
was impartial. But, sir, 1 do not want him to talk
anymore aboutthatgang of Austrians and Neth-
erlandmen and Irishmen in the Rocky Mount-
ains, making his Pacific railroad, with the idea
that that is going to work off the filibuster spirit.
It reminds me of an anecdote which I heard,
about a countryman of my friend from South Car-
olina. For the first time in his life he saw some
monkeys; and from the agility witli which they
jumped from prong to prong with their nice little
fingers, he thought it would be the grandest spec-
ulalion in creation to train them to cotton picking,
and lie got some for that purpose. A friend met
him afterwards and asked him how he had made
out. " First rate," said he, "except that it took
two overseers to watch each monkey." [Laugh-
ter.] That will be precisely the way you will
woik the fillibusters out, according to the plan of
the Senator from New York.
Mr. President, this is a mysterious thing for
another reason. It brings up agitation oil the
negro question inevitably and certainly. I was in
hopes that after we had got rid of Kansas, the coun-
try would have some quiet. I have been now,
off and on, nearly twenty years in Congress; and
I trusted that for one session, at least, I should
livehere in peace,and hearnomoreaboutnegroes.
Now, we hare the same old story again. I do
not say that, the President proposes any such
thing, or that he, has any, designs pr views in it;
but I know this: the other morning the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr, Bigler,] who, it was
said, represented the President—and he did hot
deny it when he was called upon by the Senator
from New Hampshire—gave us his views on the
tariff. As the Senator from New Hampshire said
the President had not been invited to the Demo-
cratic caucus, or from some other cause, he did
not agree with them, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, representing the President's views
on the tariff, went in for a pretty large inciden-
talism on iron for Pennsylvania, If his Cuba
horse, his Cuba hobby, can tickle the South, and
upon the iron question he can hang the old Key-
stone State to him by bars of iron and hooks of
steel, he will be vary apt to stand in a pretty good
position for demanding a nomination—a position
where he can say: " Gentlemen, just step upon
the platform; here is your candidate; you must
take him; you cannot do without him." Itlooks
to me mightily that way.
I know, Mr. President, that it has been men-
tioned often, laughingly, that there has been a
belief that if nothing else, your luck would kill
him; that you got everything you ever went for,
all you wanted, and that if there was nothing else
in his way, he would never survive your luck.
[Laughter.] Well, sir, I have taken ^ good look
at him. He looks firm, pretty substantial, and
strong, and I tell you the white of your eye is too
white, and alt the conjuration and witchcraft, and
incantations of which you may be master, cannot
avail. I give it as my opinion—I am somewhat
of a doctor, acquainted with hygiene—I give itas
my decided opinion that he is good for ten years,
and I profoundly ask your pardon for saying so.
[Laughter.] I know he has said that he only
wanted to run for one term, but Jackson talked
that way, and I suppose Jackson was nearly as
firm a man, and probably as pure a man as Mr.
Buchanan. Of Mr. Buchanan personally, I de-
sue to say nothing. Although General Jackson
only wanted one term, he was willing to serve
another. Caesar thrice putawaythe crown, and
yet lie took it. But beyond all history or exam-
ple, I never knew a Scotchman when he had got
a grip upon anything and had it in his grasp, who
would ever let go, if it was a good thing, until
death. He will hold on, unless you wrench it
from him; and then if it were in his power he
would send it to some lineal, favorite son of his—
in politics, I mean, for none he has otherwise.
[Laughter.]
I hear a great many gentlemen talking about
it; and they say it is getting near time to have a
southern President. Perhaps it will be after Mr.
Buchanan shall serve eight years, according to
the usage of the earlier Presidents; and he flatters
himself that he can get Cuba as Jefferson got Lou-
isiana; and I think, by that time, it will come to
be the turn for a southern man once more; and,
although it has been said that " old Virginity
never tires," I think, before the'n, she will be get-
ting a little impatient; and her descendants are
not so patient as the old Commonwealth; they
will get tired of waiting.
Well, sir, this is a fight in which I have no
hand. Let them make it up among them. I do
not desire to say anything harsh or severe about
the Democracy. I admonish you of that, be-
cause in my position here,
" I feel like one
Who treads alone
Some banquet hall deserted,
Whose lights are fled,
Whose garlands dead,
And all but fee departed."
When I was in politics, and I may say, when
I was alive, [laughter,] and old man Clay bat-
tled against the Democratic party, lion-hearted as
he was, like Richard Cceur de Lion himself,
when he went into the Holy Land to rescue it
from the custody of the Infidels, Mr. Clay, with
a lion's heart, and his battle-ax uplifted, fought
to rescue what he believed to be the Constitution
and the rights of the country from the Demo-
cratic party, that he thought was disloyal and un-
true to them; then, sir, I fought and felt like a
field-marshal.
Well, sir, as to the Democratic party, I do not
know that I could very well join them unless I
see a little further into them. I could not be a
