1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Locofoco anyway, and I understand that the dis-
cipline is extremely rigid. [Laughter.] They
muster their men with great severity, according
to regular drill, and if.a man does not chalk up to
the mark, overboard he goes; and the rule is, that
it is better to hare an enemy out of tho camp
than a friend in the camp cutting capers and cut-
ting shines. John Randolph, of Virginia, said
of tSie Democratic party—but I will not say it of
them—that all they wanted was men of sense
enough to lead,and foolsenough to follow, [laugh-
ter;] and if any man could not subscribe to these
principles, and went into the party as a leader,
who had not sense enough to lead, he ought to bo
turned out. I believe you did cashier one or two.
I do not know what the severity of the discipline
is. If I can get a private conversation with my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] before 1 leave
here, I should like to know if he has not learned
something on that subject. [Laughter.] I wish,
iust privately and confidentially, to know from
him if the discipline is not excessively tight. If
I was to go in, I do not know upon what sortof
probation or trial I should be put. I suppose it
would be long enough to make them certain that
they had got all the old, genuine, gentlemanly,
Whig principles and feelings out of me, and that
I really had the true religion,and was converted.
Then they might put me in the kitchen of the
household of the Locofocos until they believed I
was really a Christian, and showed it evidently.
I do not know how I should be treated. I think
I shall look a little further before I go in.
I say platforms are fixed up in that way for the
Presidency. Now, I do not know what may be
the result of tho next presidential election. I ex-
pect fo take no part in it. I have been favored
much by my own State of Kentucky, cherished
beyond my merit, upheld always, except recently,
when my successor was elected. I love her, even
as a strong-hearted man loves his own mother.
Whatever may be her waywardness in politics,
or my own fortunes, 1 can only say that i hope that
ail day long the dews of heaven may fall lightly
upon her fields and upon her forests, and the sun-
shine set brightly upon them.
Mr. President, my strength is failing me, but I
must say something more. I utterly condemn
this rampant spirit and cry for war. It is a wrong
cry; it is a wrong teaching for the country; and
I predict that, if we get into a calamitous war
with France and with England on this account,
we shall repent it to the latest day of our lives.
Do not pass this unnecessaiy hill, and insult a
neighbor by this proposition, which is every way
unadvised and uncalled for. When you get into
a war, you will find that fighting John Bull is not
talking.1 When England sent men here in the
last war, and burned this Capitol, it was a mere
by-play for her. She was upholding all conti-
nental Em ope then, against the colossal power
of Napoleon; and yet she came here just as a by-
play, and troubled us as she did. Our people
think we whipped England, and you hear them
say throughout the country that we whipped
Wellington's invineibles; and they believe that
we absolutely whipped the veterans who fought
the battle of Waterloo, although that battle was
not fought until the 38th of June after the 8th of
January, when our battle of New Orleans was
fought. They arc stuffed up in that way, and
inflamed with a war spirit.
Old John Bull, as I said, is a bloody old bruiser.
If the Senator from Geoigia was here, I would
ask lain if he did not see how Spain and Sardinia
sent off their quota to the Crimean war at the
request of England, although they had just about
as much interest m it as I had. England just
said to them, " if you do not fight on my side, I
will whip you." That is the whole of it. They
follow England in that kind of way. John Bull,
if i may use a familiar illustration that will be
understood in the country, is like a great unruly
mastiff, a bull dog. Old Bui! goes prowiingabout,
hunting up fights. Along m his tram follow
Caesar and Pompey, Jumper and Jupiter; and
though the first two aie Romans of high degiee,
and the last a srod, they follow in his train with
fear and trembling. When he nails a dog, they
leg hiru, tit.d nip him, and down they get him un-
til he is throttled to death, and theie is a nation
blotted from the map of the earth; or if after
worrying him and crippling him, and wounding
him, they send him home, it is in pain to work
the balance of his days to pay theexpenses of the
fight.
Well, sir, I do not know the Senator from
Georgia's idea about it; but 1 take it that in
making up a fight, there ought to be some sense
about it, as there is about anything else. There
ought to be some reason for it. Now, sir, the
United States comparatively is a bull-terrier that
is as game as ten thousand liona, and superadded
to his natural pluck, he has the spirit of the seven
devils that were driven out of Mary Magdalen.
Do you suppose I would hiss him on that old
bull, if 1 thought anything of the dog? and I know
I love my country better than I could any dog.
I do not want to make up a fight of that kind.
Sir, these men who are so ready to talk about
fi^htmg, very often are the last men to do it.
Whenever I see a man out in a muster-field or in
a court-yard, blustering and talking about his will-
ingness to shed his last drop of blood, I would
rather see somebody who would be willing to shed
the first drop. [Laughter.] If we get into this
war we must go through with it at all hazards, at
every expense, and at every loss. Our commerce,
our process, everything would be loss and ruin
to us. Wo, with our insufficient Navy, should be
utterly unable to cope with those two Powers.
They do not seem inclined to fight us; they do
not want to fight us; they were willing to share
fairly with us. I suppose the talk about fighting
just means this, and no more; men know that there
is m this country a deep-rooted popular senti-
ment of dislike, an inveterate feeling of hatred,
towards England—I mean with the lower orders.
It comes down traditionally from our revolution-
ary war. It was revived by the last war we had
with her. It is a safe thing in any ignorant
crowd to curse England, and you will not find
anybody of any party who does not back you.
I suppose it is a popular theme for declamation;
but I think it is time we had quit it. I believe that
is the prevailing, dominant feeling with the igno-
rant portion of our population. Whether it is just
or unjust, I will not pretend to say, but it is an
element in the American character; an clement
like their ignoring the rights of a Mexican or a
Spaniard. It is a feeling they have. They hate a
red-coat and a Britisher. Mr Dallas and Lord Na-
pier may have as many suppers and feasts as you
please; they may talk about the same language,
and reading the same Milton and the same Shak-
speare and about a common blood and fraternity
and all that. Very well, that is just as nice as two
ladies who hate each other like the Devil, gossip-
ing very pleasantly over a tea table. [Laughter.]
That is what it amounts to. Folks do not feel
that way. It is as harmless, and just about as
foolish, as the ovations to the success of the At-
lantic telegraph. That was another one of your
schemes—a dead failure. It is said, now, that it
is doubtful whether Mr. Buchanan ever did get
that message of the Q,ueen.
I have seen it stated that, so far from any of
that sort of conveisation passing, it was a trick
of trade. The stockholders got up the messages,
and they were conveyed as the Government's;
and the shrewd ones got out, and the soft people
got bit. Those not in the trick were left in the
lurch. Whether that is ti ue or not, I do notknow;
but I do not reckon any message was ever sent.
Two years ago, the Senator from Louisiana, who
is so enthusiastic now about Cuba, predicted re-
peatedly that we should have great results from
this telegraph. I told him it would be a failure.
I pointed.out that you were contributing money
to make a line of telegraph, both ends of which
would belong to England; and I said that, through-
out such an extent of ocean, a shark could bite it
in two, or a whale could knock it in two, or it
would be cut in two lunning over the mountains
in the sea. Practically, in my mind, there was
no chance for the thing.
Now, sir, you are here after Cuba. It seems
to he a favorite project of Mr. Buchanan. I have
not the time or ability to say all that I want to
say, or to say it in such a style as I should like
to be in trim to say it. I think Mr. Buchanan is
hardly consistent upon this subject. When he
was Secretary of State he wrote about it to Rom-
ulus M. Saunders, our Minister at Madrid—a
rough, coarse, North Carolina man—a gentleman,
though; but I reckon, from his manner and his
walk and his look, (for he was ugly although he
was clover,) the last man in the world to send
upon such an errand. So keen and ea^er was
Mr. Buchanan then to get Cuba, that he wrote a
letter to Mr. Saunders on the subject. I will not
put it in my speech, but I will ask somebody to
comment on it who can explain it. He told him
to approach the Spanish Government, not m the
ordinary diplomatic way, by notes, but to talk to
the Spanish Minister in a sort of quasi unofficial
conversation, in a friendly chat. " Do not send
notes, because they may bind the ,next Govern-
ment against us, but make the suggestion;" and
he told him how, in the most delicate and the most
insinuating and plausible way, to approach the
Clueen'sGovernment. One hundred million dol-
lars was the limit; and if the proposition was not
listened to, was not entertained at all, Mr. Saun-
ders was to say, "really, I intended nothing at all;
I purposed no insult to your Majesty/' Here he
comes again with this proposition, now by a sort
of forced sale, warning off all other bidders, and
he wants $30,000,000 to start on. He will never
get §30,000,000 by my vote to hang as a mill-
stone around my successor's neck; and if a treaty
were made in that way, I would vote to reject it
anyhow,even at the risk of losing the $30,000,000,
just to vindicate the independence of the Senate,
Mr. President, I believe I have spoken nearly
to the extent of my strength and power to-day.
[The honorable gentleman, from physical debil-
ity, had been compelled to be seated while he
spoke.] I will not ask for a continuance to any
other day, because I know that the time of the
Senate is precious. I can only say, in relation to
this whole project, that it will reagitate the coun-
try with the slavery question; that it is, I think,
contrary to the spnit of our institutions to put
money in the President's pocket, I suppose to be
sent to Madrid, for Mr. Preston to use in an
emergency. I think it would be improper, un-
just, and ungenerous to our successors, who are
to ratify the treaty, to take this advantage of them.
J think it is an unfair way of negotiation. I think
it would injure Louisiana above all the States in
the Union. I think that at this time we ought to
compact and bind together and build up and
strengthen what we have. We are young. Let
the gristle grow into the bone; let us get our
muscles developed. Let us feel strong before we
enter into such a contest; let us cultivate the arts
of peace, for "Peace hath its victories, no less
renowned than war." That would be my policy,
and I hope it will be the policy enforced upon the
President by Congress. I am going to look for
some sensible man for the next Presidency—a
sound man, I would rather he had no platform; I
do not want to run him in blinds. I confess to
you that, in my opinion, my colleague [Mr. Crit-
tenden] would, of all men on the face of the earth,
suit me the best. If you will give him a chance,
I wiM risk him upon my personal confidence,
without laying down a creed of faith for him to
go by; I do not want to stand a man upon a plat-
form, or run him in blinds.
Besides, these platforms are all nonsense. Let
me say to my friend, theSenator from New York,
if he should ever get to be President, I want him
to recollect that this platform business is all hum-
bug; and when he gets in power, to kick down
the ladder by which he got there. The two or
three last platform Presidents we hate had, when
they got in the car of State and safely seated, all
around, everywhere, you could see, "do not
stand on the platform when the cars are in mo-
tion." [Laughter.] That is the way they man-
age it. _ There is always some emergency, or
something to justify a departure from it. Well#
sir, I hope I shall be forgiven. I have been to
four or five conventions myself, on account of
Mr. Clay, chiefly, and once, 1 believe, on account
j of my colleague, to keep him out of a scrape of
some sort, and I know a good deal about them.
In the time I was in politics, and we were domi-
nant, I always knew a long time before the con-
vention came on who would be Governor. It
used to be said that you never could know who
was Governor until the election was over; but it
was all fixed up —all done in advance. I wish the
I country to get on prosperously and'peacefully and
gloriously, without any slavery agitation. 1 want
a man of sound heart and sound head, who wili
administer the Government with that view. I
can say for myself, as was said by the immortal
Webster, that I trust it will be one and indivisi-
ble, now and forever; and that the God who over-
