1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Samuel S. Marshall. No excuse offered.
John C. Mason. No excuse offered.
Orramus B. Matteson. No excuse offered.
Joseph Miller.
Mr. PENDLETON. My colleague has been
unwell for several days, and I "-move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John-S. Millsont. No excuse offered.
W-illiam Montgomery. No excuse offered.
Edward Jot Morris. No excuse offered.
Freeman H. Morse.
Mr. GILMAN. My colleague has been de-
tained at his room by the indisposition of his
daughter; and I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Ambrose S. Murray. No excuse offered.
Abram B. Olin. No excuse offered.
George W. Palmer. No excuse offered.
John U. Pettit. No excusc offered.
William W. Phelps.
Mr, CAVANAUGH. I presume that my col-
league is detained from the House by illness, for
he has been prompt usually in his attendance;
and I move that he be excused.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois.- What is the
reason'
The SPEAKER. He presumes that he is in-
disposed. [Laughter.]
Mr. VANCE. I would like to know if such
testimony can be rebutted ? [Renewed laughter.]
The motion was disagreed to.
John F. Potter.
Mr. LEACH. My colleague is knocking at
the door, but he cannot get in. I move that he be
excused; for he would come in if he could.
The motion was disagreed to.
Charles Ready.
Mr, MAYNARD. I presume that my col-
league is absent on a special committee, by leave
of the House. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Damd Ritchie.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Ritchie is absent by
leave of the House; and I move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Anthony E. Roberts. No excuse offered.
Jo un M. Sandiihje.
Mr. DAVIDSON. My colleague has been
side for the last ten days; and I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John H. Savage. No excusc offered.
Alfuh) M. Scales. No excuse offered.
Chuues L. Scott. No excuse offered.
Hfa'ry M. Siiaw. No excuse offered.
John Sjiermav.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Sherman is chairman
of the special committee on navy-yards, &c.,
and is absent by leave of the House. I move that
he hp excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Jitpson W. Shkrmvn. No excuse offered.
1m.i S. Shorter. No excuse offered.
Daniei. E. Sickles. No excuse offered.
0-iik> R. Sincji.eton. No excuse offered.
A. Stall worth. No excuse offered.
John W. Stevenson. No excuse offered.
Mason W. Tappan.
Mr. CRAGIN. Alycolleague is outside,and is
anxious to get in. He informed me through the
kejhole that, befoio the meeting of the House,
he had received a telegraphic dispatch which had
Jo he answered. Therefore he was detained, and
I move that he be excused.
The motion was disagreed to.
Miles Taylor. No excusc offered.
Robi.rt P. Trippe. No excuse offered.
Henry Waldron. No excuse offered.
Kdw\rd A. W\rren.
Mr. GREENWOOD. My colleague has been
indisposed for a considerable time, and I move
that he be excused.
The motion was ngreed to.
William G. Wiiiteley.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman from Del-
aware is a member of the Committee on Agricul-
ture, and I have no doubt he is hunting the De-
partment for information for his committee; and
1 mo'.'e, thcjcfore, that he be excused.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. He was at the
door a moment ago.
The motion was disagreed to.
John M. Wood. No excuse offered.
Mr. WORTENDYKE. My colleague, Mr.
Huyler, has been detained from the Hall by
business of his constituents. I make the state-
ment now, because I see that the call has been
nearly gone through with.
John V. Wright.
Mr. SMITH,of Tennessee. My colleague, Mr.
Wright, informed me yesterday that he was
called to Baltimore. As he is not here this morn-
ing, and as he is usually very prompt in attend-
ance, I presume that he has not returned, and
move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Felix K. Zollicoffer. No excuse offered.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
ordered the doors to be opened.
READING OF THE JOURNAL.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a resolution.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I trust the gentleman
from Missouri will allow my resolution to be in-
troduced.
Mr. WINSLOW. A bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to increase the number
of sur^ons, assistant surgeons, and pursers of
the United States Navy, was postponed till to-
day. If this motion prevail, what will become
of that bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will go to the Speaker's
table.
Mr. BURNETT. There is a bill on the Speak-
er's table which was reported
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I must decline to
yield. Neither the Army nor the Navy appro-
priation bill has been yet acted on.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the House to post-
pone this bill till Tuesday next.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. How can the gentle-
man from Missouri move me off the door?
The SPEAKER. He can do so on a motion
to suspend the rules; for the gentleman required
unanimous consent to introduce his resolution
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Then I request the gen-
tleman to allow me to offer my resolution.
Mr. WINSLOW. Is the motion to suspend
the rules competent during the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It is competent at any time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I trust the
House will devote the morning hour to the call of
committees.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to have
the Indian appropriation bill disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the suggestion of the
gentleman from Georgia will be adopted; and then
that we may go to the business on the Speaker's
table to take up the agricultural college bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, called for tellers
on his motion.
Tollers wore ordered, and Messrs. Chaffee
and McCIueen were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 55, noes 87.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 74, nays ]07; as follows:
YE YS— Atkins, Burr, Bliss., Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, I3rv,m. Burn^, Case, Ca-kie, Chaffee, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Oockenll. Cormns, Cunw Davis of Indiana,
D.ivis of Mississippi, Dean, Dick, Dowtle]], Edie, Edirmnd-
son, En?li>h, Faulkner, Florence, Gartrell, Giddings,
Cnode. Grander, Gi -gg, Lavvrenoo W. Hal!, Hawkins,
Hickman, Hodges, Hopkins, Houston, Howard, Jevvett,
GuorjjcYW Jones. Krls-ey, John C.lvunkei, Leach, Letcher,
Lovejov, McUuern, Mcltac, Mile-., MiUcr, Mill-
son, Mooie, Edwar<i Joy Morns, Isiac N. Morris, Mott,
Munay. Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Phillips, Powell,
Roberts. Rurlin, Scales, Aaron Shaw, 11cm v M. Shaw.
Willi.-,ia Spinner, William Stowart, Milc3 T.nlot^
Waldron, Ward, Oadwalader C. Washburn, Wortendyke,
and Augustus ft. Wright—74.
NAYS-r-Mcssrs. Abbott, Ahl, Anderson, Andrews, Ben-
nett, Billinghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bocock, Brayton, Bufr
finton, Burnett, Burroughs, Cavanaugh, Chapman, Ezra
Clark, John B. Clark, Clay, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Crugin, James Craig, Curtis, Davidson,
Davis of Maryland, Davis of Iowa. Dawes, Dodd, Durfee,
Farnsworth, Fenton, Foley, Poster, Gilman, Gilmer,
Gooch, Goodwin. Greenwood, Grover, Grow, Harlan,
Harris, Raskin, Hoard, Horton, Jackson, Jenkins, Owen
Jones, Keim, Kellogg, Kiljjore, Knapp, Lamar, Landy,
Leidv, Leiter, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall,
Mason, Maynard, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Freeman
H. Morse, Oliver A.Morse, Niblack, Nichols,Olin, Parker,
Pettit, Pike, Pottle, Purviance, Reagan, Reilly, Iticaud,
Ritchie, Robbins, Royce, Russell, Scott, Searing, Seward,
Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stephens,
James A. Stewart, Talbot, Tappan, Thompson, Tompkins,
Trippe, Vallandigham, Vance, Wade, Walbridge, Walton,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins, White-
ley, Wilson, Winslow, and Woodson—107.
So the motion was not agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. CORNING stated that Mr. Hatch was
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to dispense
with the reading of the names, and that the result
be merely announced.
Mr. WINSLOW objected.
The result was announced as above.
SURGEONS, ETC., OF THE NAVY.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimouscon-
sent of the House to take up a bill from the Sen-
ate for retrenchment. It is an important bill.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the bill reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to increase the num-
ber of surgeons, assistant surgeons, and pursers,
in the United States Navy.
The bill was read. It directs that the number
of surgeons in the Navy of the United States shall
not hereafter exceed eighty, nor the number of
assistant surgeons ninety-live; and that the num-
ber of pursers shall not exceed eighty.
Mr. WINSLOW. lask that the consideration
of this bill be postponed till Tuesday next.
Mr. GROW. Oh, no; let us dispose of it now.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was laid
on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE called for the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid on th? table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickens, their Secretary, informing the
House that theSenatehad passed, withoutamend-
ment,an act(H.-R. No. 810) for the relief of
William Yearwood, sr.
Also, that the Senate had passed the following
acts, in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
An act (No. 560) to fix the pay and regulate
the allowances of officers of the Army; and
An act (No. 65) to authorize and invite pro-
posals for the construction of a railroad from the
valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean,
upon three separate routes.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Rills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined, and found truly enrolled, an act (H. R.
No. 810) for the relief of William Yearwood,
sr.; when the Speaker signed the same.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on the Territories.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. 1 rise to a question of
order. I submit that the Committee on the Ter-
ritories have already occupied the two days to
which they are entitled under the rules.
The SPEAKER. The committee has occupied
but one day in reporting, and has reported but
one bill,
Mr. WALBRIDGE. That bill occupied three
days.
The SPEAKER. Two of those were private-
