mm.
TH& CONGRESSIOIN AL, GLORIA
bill days. But the first day, the day on which
the report was submitted, the House made the
bill a special order. The committee was not called
for reports on the second day, at all. The gen-
tleman will remember that the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands occupied three days; two days in sub-
mitting reports, and the third, in disposing of a
bill which had been left undisposed of.
Mr. WALBEUDGE. I recollect that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands had but one day, and a
part of another, to report.
The SPEAKER. They had two days, as the
rule is construed.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I submit, of course, to
the decision of the Chair.
TERRITORY OF ARIZONA.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, from the Com-
mittee on the Territories, reported a bill to pro-
vide a temporary government for the Territory of
Arizona, and to create the office of surveyor-gen-
eral therein; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I shall ask the
House to consider that bill at this time. It makes
no appropriation of money at all. The import-
ance of the organization of this Territory is, I
suppose, sufficiently appreciated by the House.
No further time, at any rate, is necessary for its
consideration, as, I presume, every member's
mind is made up in regard to it. I wish a vote; but
in order to keep the bill before the House, in case
discussion arises, I move to recommit it to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to offer an amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will permit
the gentieman from -Pennsylvania to offer his
amendment, and then I shall demand the previous
question.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Georgia to withhold the demand for the
previous question until I can offer an amendment;
the one I suggested to the gentleman the other
day. I desire to have a vote upon it, and ask
that it may be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sco. —. And be it further enactcd, That, whenever there
shall be ten thousand actual resident inhabitants of said
Territory, the Legislative Assembly shall provide, by law,
for the flection, by the people, of the Governor, chief jus-
lice and associate justice?, secretary, attorney, and marshal
of said Territory, who, when elected, shall be commis-
sioned by the President, and qualified a? provided in tins
act, and shall hold their said offices for such term as said
Legislative Assembly shall provide; and that, when so com-
missioned and qualified, the terms of office of said Gov-
ernor, chief justice and associate justices, secretary, attor-
ney, and marshal, who may have been appointed by the
President, as hereinbefore provided for, shall cease.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will allow
the gentleman to offer his amendment. I have
no objection to its being voted on; nor have i any
great objection to allowing the people of a Terri-
tory to elect their various officers, provided, at
the same tnne, they Will assume all the expenses,
the payment of salaries, &e. I am opposed to
their electing and our paying. "VVe do this now
as to their Legislatures; that is enough. I am
willing, however, that the amendment shall be
received and voted on.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. Can I interpose an objection
to the reception of that amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
Chair supposes that the gentleman from Georgia
has a right to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question to permit the amendment to be
offered. It is the constant practice of the House
for gentlemen holding the floor to allow amend-
ments to be offered.
Mr. HASKIN. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to allow mo to offer an amendment?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There ate two
amendments pending, and that is all that can be
offered. I cannot yield the floor for any other.
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to offer the amend-
ment which I send to the Clerk's desk as an ad-
ditional section to the bill.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Snc. '2. Jind he it further enacicd, That whenever the said
Terutoiy shall contain the requi-ite population for a mem-
ber of Congress, to be ascertained by a census taken in pur-
suance of law for that purpose, it shall be lawful for the
Legifclntme thereof to provide by law for the election of
delegates* to a convention to form a constitution, prepara-
tory to adim^ioii as a State into the Union on an equal foot,
mg* with the other States; winch constitution shall be sub-
mitted to the legal voters of the said Terntory, at a fair
election, held in pursuance of law, for that purpose, for rat-
ification or rejection; and, when ratified at th« polls in the.
manner aforesaid, shall be transmitted to Congress for ac-
ceptance. This section shall be, and is hereby, incorporated
into, and made a part of, the orgauic acts of each of the
Territories of the United States, and shall constitute the
rule of action upon which said Territories shall be per-
mitted to form constitutions preparatory to their admission
as State* into the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That'provis-
ion is not pertinent to the main object of the bill,
and I cannot yield for it.
Mr. GRO W. 1 now offer my amendment to
the first section of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I want this bill proceeded with ac-
cording to the rules of the House, and if there are
any amendments pending let us vote upon them
ana decide them. I object to anything being read
for information,
Mr. Grow's amendment was read, as follows:
Add at the end of the section the following:
And, whereas the tract of country comprised within the
limits of the proposed Territory of Arizona was acquired
from the Republic of Mexico, and was at the time of its ac-
quisition, and by virtue of the laws and constitution of said
Republic, free from African slavery, and no such slavery
having been since established by any legal authority, there-
fore nothing contained in this act shall be held or taken to
authorize African slavery tn said Territory, buttbatslavery
remains abolished and prohibited therein as at the time of
its acquisition from the Republic of Mexico.
Mr. GROW. I wish to say that that amend-
ment is in almost the same language as an amend-
ment prepared by Mr. Benton for this bill, and
may therefore be called the Benton proviso.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. f object to the introduction
of everything that is not in accordance with the
strict rules of this House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. KILGORE. I move that the whole subject
be laid upon the table.
Mr. BOCOCK. Let that be a test vote.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Admin, Andrews, Atkins, Bil-
Unghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bhf-s, Bocock, Branch, Bray-
ton, Butfinton, Burhngame, Burnett, Burroughs, Case,
Caskie, Horace F. Clark, dawson, Cobb, Clark B, Coch-
rane, Oockenl!, Colfax,Comins? Covode, Cragin, Curry,
Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Davis ot Massachusetts, Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edmund-
son, English, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Garnett, Gid-
dtng^Gilman, Gooch, Goodwin. Granger, Gregg, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Harris, Haskin, Hickman, Hoard, Horton,
Houston, Howard, George W. Jones, Owen Jones, Keim,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkei, Leach,
Loiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, McQueen, Moore,, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Moise, Oliver A.
Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Ohn, Parker, Pettit, Peyton,
John S. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Pottle. Powell, Purviance,
Ready, Rieaud, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Royce, Ruffin,
Russell, Satidtdge, Savage, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Judson
VV. Sncrman, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan,
MilesTaylor, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Wal-
bndge, Waldron, Walton, Cad waladerC. Wa&hburn, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Wmslow
—121.
NAYS—Mes«rs. Ahl, Anderson, Avery, Barksdale, Barr,
Bennett, Bishop, Bowie, Bovce, Bryan. Burns, Cavanaugh,
Chapman, EzraClark, John B. Clark, Clav, John Cochrane,
Corning, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craigc, Davidson, Davis
of Mississippi, Dimmick, Dowdell, Faulkner, Florence,
Foley, Gartrell, Gihncr, Goode, Greenwood, Giover, Law-
rence W. Hall, Hawkins, Hodge-*, Hopkins, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Jewett, Lamar, Landy, Leidy, Maclay, McKibbin,
Mcltae, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason,
Maynard, Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Niblack, Pendle-
ton, Reagan, Reilly, Scott, Seanng, Seward, Aaron Shaw,
Shorter, Robert Smith. Stephens, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart,Talbot, Underwood. Vallandigham, Vance, Ward.
Watkins,White, Whireley, Wood, Woodson, Wortendyke,
Augustus ii. YVright, and Zoihcolfer—79.
So the subject was laid upon the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. CLAY asked whether the motion carried
everything to the table?
The SPEAKER replied that it did.
Mr. DEWART not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. DEWART would have voted in the neg-
ative.
Mr. KILGORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DACOTAH.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, from the Com-
mittee on Territories, reported a biH to provide,a
temporary government in the. Territory of Dace*?
tah; which was r,ead a first and second time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mi: Speaker,
I do not propose to discuss this bill, but I shalt
asit that it be put on its passage. There wssfe
number of counties cut off froreiMinnesoteuW&en
it was transferred from, a Territory to the condi-
tion of a State, They are outside, State*
without any government at all. I think ttatthip
territorial government ought to be created. , B$t
I leave the subject to the House. I move to .re-
commit, and on that call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to lay the subject
upon the table.
Mr. HASKJN. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. -
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 137, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Atkins, Barks-
dale, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bocock, Bonham,
Boyce, Branch, Brayton, Bryan, Butfinton, Burlingame,
Burnett, Burns, Burroughs^Case,Caskie, Ezra Clark. Hor-
ace F. Clark, John B. Clark, dawson, Cobb, Clark B. Coch;
rane, CockeriH, Colfax, Consms, Covode, Cragin, Burton
Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davis of Maryland, Datvis of In-
diana, J_)avis of Massachusetts, pavves, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Dowdell, Edie, Edmunrtson, English, Fenton, Foster, Gar-
nett, Gartrell, Giddings, Giltnan, Gooch, Goode, Goodwin,
Granger, Greenwood^ Gregg, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Har-
ris, Haskin. Hawkins, Hickman, Hoard, Houston, Howard,
George VV. Jones, Owen Jones, Keim, keitt, Kellogg, Kel-
sev, Kilgore, Knapp, Leach,' Leiter, Letcher, liovejfiy,
McQueen, McRae, Millson, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Freeman II Morse, Oliver A. Morse,
Mott, Murray, Nichols, Oiin, Parker, Pettit, Peyton, John S.
Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Pottle, Powell, Purviance, Ready,
Reagan, Ricaud,'Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Royce, RufHn,
Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Jud-
son W. Sherman, Shorter, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart,Tappan, Miles Taylor,Thayer, Thompson, Tomp-
kins, Trtppe, Vance. Wade. Walbridge, Walton, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, Bllihu B. Washburne,Israel Washburn,
Watkins, Whiteley, Wilson, and Winslovv—137.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson. Barr, Bishop, Bowie,
Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Chapman, Clay, John Cochrane,
Coming, Cox, James Craig, Davidson,Davis of Iowa, Dim-
mick. Elliott, Farnsworth, Faulkner. Florence, Foley. Gil-
mer, Grover, Lawrence. W. Hall, Hill, Hodges, Hopkins,
Horton, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, Lamar, Lands', Leidy,
Maclay, Humphrey Marshall. Samuel S. Marshall, Mason,
Miller, Montgomery, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Pendleton,
Reilly, Scott, Searing, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Singleton,
Robert Smith, Stephens Stevenson. James A. Stewart,Tal-
bot, Underwood. Vallandiglmm,Waldron. Ward, Woodson,
Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright, and ZollicofFer— 62.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. COLFAX stated that he was in favor or
the organization of the Territory, but opposed to
the provisions of the pending bill; and that, there-
fore, he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF JEFFERSON.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, from the Com'
mittee on Territories, reported a bill to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of Jef-
ferson; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to re-
commit-the bill; and on that motion called the
previous question.
Mr. MASON. If the morning hour has ex-
pired I move to go to the business upon the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
yet expired.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to offer the same
amendment to this bill that 1 offered to the Ari-
zona bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved that the bill be
laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and the bill was laid
upon the table.
NEBRASKA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, from the Commit-
tee on Territories, reported back a bill of the fol-
lowing title; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed:
A bill (H. R. No. 745) providing for defraying
J the expenses of an extra session of the Legisla-
! tive Assembly of the Territory of Nebraska.
TERRITORIAL REPORTS.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Territories,reported the following bills; which
