1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.-
The SPEAKER. The effect of which motion ?
Mr. BLtSS., The motion to lay the amend-'
ments on the table* which would carrythe "bill
with it. I want the bill road as it will stand if the
amendments of the Senate are concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes,- that
as each amendment comes to be toted on separ-
ately, the gentleman wili*have aright to have the
section, as amended, read; but the Chair sup-
poses that the gentleman has no right to call for
the reading of the original bill.
Mr. BLISS. Very well, sir.
Mr. COBB demanded the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay the amendments on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRAWFORD. . Is amotion that there be
a call of the. House, in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I submit that motion.
We want a full vote upon this question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let the vote be
postponed until twelve o'clock to-morrow, and
then we can have a full vote.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. _ I would in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means if he is desirous of going on with the
public business, and passing the appropriation
bills?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then why
does he vote for the yeas and nays in order to
consume time?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. McGUJEEN. I demand the yeas and
nays on tiie motion for a call of the House.
i'he yeas and nays were ordered.
The question wus taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 62, nays 133; as follows:
YEA&—Messrs. Anderson, -Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Bonham, Bowie, Bryan, (Jackie, Cavanau'/h, Chapman.
John £5. Ciai k, Gockenll, Corning James* Crais, Crawlord.
I)avid on, Davis of Indiana, Davi-ol" Mir-issppi. Dow dell,
Edmund-*ou, Elliott-, •Garrett, Gartrell Guode. Gi.'gg,
Grover, Lawrence YV. Hall, Hodges, Hopkins, Houston,
Jackson, Jenkins, George W. Jones,, Kent, Lamar, Letdy,
Letcher, McQueen, MoRac, Miles, Miller, Mill.-oii, Mont-
gomery, Pendleton, Powell, Reagan, Ruffin, Scales., Shor-
ter, Singleton, Wil lam Smith, SUhworth, Stephen*,
>Stev<>n-oii, James A. Stewart, Gcoige Tayloi, Mile:* Tay-
lor, VallJiidigiiam, Watkuih, White, VVlnteky, and Wins-
low— 62.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ad ram, Ahl, Andrews. Billing
ImrM, Bingham, liisliop, Blair, Bliss., Boyce, Branch, Bray
ton, BiUFititou, Buduigamc, Buinetr, Buriougli<, Crw ,
Chaffee, lloraee F. Clark, dawson. Clay, Cobb, Clark B.
Cochrane, John Coclnane, Coliax, Coming Covode, Cox,
Gragin, Curry, Curtu, Davis or" Maryland, Davis of Mas
f-acJmsctts. Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Duiree, Edie, EnglM), Eusti-s, ParnsworUi, Fenton, Flor-
ence, Foley, Fo,-,ter, Giddiugs, Giiman, Gilmei, Gooch,
Goodwin, Gmngei, Greenwood, G ow, Robert l>. Hail,
Harlan, Harris!,* Waskiru Hill, fioaid, Hoiton, Howard,
liuyier, Owen Jones, Keiui, Kellogg, Kel-ey, Kilgoie,
Knapp, Leach, Loiter, Lovejoy, Mac lay, Humphrey Mai-
sh'iH, Samuel s3. Marshall, Mason, Maynaid, Moore,Mor
gan, Morrill, Edward Joy MonK Itaac N.Moius, Fiecmnn
H. Morse, Ohvei A. Mon-e. Mott. Munay, Niblaek. Nich-
ols, Oun, Paiher. Perot, Peyton, John S. Phelps, William
W. Pliulfx, Phillip, Pike, Pol tie, Pui viance, Read\, Reilly,
Ricaud. llitehie, Roblun-, Roberta, Rovce, RusmjiI, Sand
ldge, Scotr, tieartiis, Seward, John Sherman. Jud-^m W.
Sheimau Robeif Smith. Spmner, Stanton,Talbot, Tappau,
Thaye;, Tiioaip-on, Tompkiri>\ Tf/ppe, Wade, Walbn<jge,
Waldion, Walton, Oudwalader C. Wa-hburn, Ellinu B.
Wa-dilmrne. Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wuod> Augustus R.
WiiijlH, and Zolheoffer—133.
So the House refused to order a call.
The question recurred upon Mr. Cobb's mo-
tion to lay the amendments on the table; and bem?
taken, it was decided in the negative—yeas 95,
nays 108; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs Anderson. Atkins Barksdale, Barr,
Bliss, Bocock, Bonham. Boyce, Cianeb, Brvan, Burnett,
Caskie, Cavaiutuuh, John B. Ciaik. Clay, Cohb. John Coch-
rane, OockeriN, Cox, James Craig, Burton Cra ge.Crawfonl,
Cuiry. David>on, Davis of Indiana, Davis ot IVIts-MSMppi.
Powdell. EdnmiuNon. Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence,
Ganiett, Gameli, Guodo, Giecnwood, Gic<™, Groe-beck,
Grover, Lawience W {fall, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jewctt. Geoige W. Jones, Owen Jones, Kent. Lamar,
Leidy, Lciter, Letcher, Maclay, McCiu^n, Mcllae. Sam-
uel S Marshall,Ma,--on, Mile^, Milioi, MilUon, Montsom-
<>(V, Moore, Uaac \\ Moire>, Mou, Niblack. Pendleton,
Peyton, John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phillip-,. Pow-
ell, Ready, Reagan, Rulfin, Sandidge, Savage, Scale.-, Scar-
ing, Henry M Shaw, Shortei, Sinsrleton. William Smith,
Sfaliworth, Stephens, Stevenson. James A Stewart. Tal
hot, Miles, Taylor, Trippe, Vallandnrham. Ward, Watkiris,
Wiutelcy, Wmt-Iow, and Woodson — 05.
\TAYS—Messrs Abbott, Adtam, Ahl, Andrew?, Billing-
hurst, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bowie. Bravfon, Burtinton,
BaUmgame, Bunouuh^, Case. Chaffee. Chapman, Uoiace
F. Clark, Claw^on, Colfax. Cornms. Corning. Covode, Cut-
ti-5, Davis of Massachu^ettis, Davis of lowai Dawes. Dean,
JDick, I>immrck, Dodd, Durfee, EdUe, Eusus, Facn'svvorth,
Foley, Foster. Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch,Goodwin,Granqer,
Grow, Robert B. Hall. Harlan, fiarris, Hill, Hoard, Hodges,
Horton, Howard. HuUer, keiin, Kellogg; Kel.iey, Kil«ore,
Knapp, John C. Kutikel, Landy, T.eaeh, Lovejoy, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Mfiynard, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Pal-
mer.Parker. Pike,Pottle, Purvianec, Reilly,Rieaud, Ritchie,
Rubbing, Roberts, Royce, Scotr, Seward, John Sherman,
Judson W. Sliennan, Robert Smith, Spumer, Stanton,
William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,TUonipson, Tompkins,
Underwood, Vance, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton,
Cadtvalader C. Washburn,' EJhhu B. Washburn'e, Israel
VVasliburn, White, Wilson, Wood, Wortendyke, Augustus
R. Wnghtj and Zolhcoffer—108.
So the House refused to lay the amendments
upon the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE stated that he
had paired off with his colleague, Mr. Fenton.
Mr. BLISS said: I wish to say, that I am in
favor of the object of the bill, but opposed to the
land scrip piin of it. 1 vote "ay."
Mr. SCOTT said: Last year I voted against
this bill. Since that time the Legislature of the
State of California has passed resolutions instruct-
ing the Senators and requesting the Representa-
tives from that State to rote for it. I am still
opposed to the bill; but acquiescing in the action
of the Legislature of my State, I vote " no."
The result having been announced as above re-
corded, the question recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
The first amendment of the Senate was agreed
to.
Mr. READY. I desire to make a personal ex-
planation in reference to the vote I gavejust now.
My atiention was called off for a moment, in ref-
erence tn the duties of the committee on which I
am serving, so that I was not informed of the
question before the House until just before my
name was called. I then inquired of a gentleman
near me, and I suppose 1 misunderstood him. If
1 had understood the question 1 should have voted
in the negative.
The second amendment of the Senate was agreed
to.
Mr. HILL. I be£ leave to state, in justice to
myself, that the vote which I gave a few minutes
ago against laying ihe Senate amendments upon
the table, was given for the purpose of bringing
the amendments before the House. I vote against
every one of them; and would do so on the yeas
and nays, because 1 am against the bill, but I
would not prevent the amendments from coming
before the House.
The third and fourth amendments of the Sen-
ate were then agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the votes
by which the amendments were respectively
agreed to, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WRIGHT FORE.
The next bill taken up, was a bill of the House
(No. 522) for the relief of Wright Pore, returned
from the Senate with an amendment.
The amendment was read and concurred in, as
as follows:
In line seven, after the word "of,55 s?nke our " eight,"
and insert m lieu theieof -•mx.,''' «o that the bill will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and i*> heieby. au-
thoi ized and directed to place the name of Wright Fore on
the invalid pension roll, at the rate of six dollars pur month
EVELINA PORTER.
The next bill taken up was a bill (H. R. No.
458) for the relief of Evelina Porter, widow of the
late Commodore David Porter, of the United
^States Navy.
The SPEAKER. This bill has been returned
from the Senate with the following amendments:
First amendment:
Line eicht stake out the word-? invalid pension*," and
insert ni lieu thereof 4* pensioners so that tile bill shall
read:
<• Upon the list of pen^ioue^," &c.
Second amendment:
Line mne, after the word month," strike out " for five
ypan;'5 t=o that the hill shall read:
" To be paid at the rate of §30 per month."
Third amendment:
Stuke out alter the words *• fifty-eight,'11 all to the end of
the hill; \\ inch t>- as follow* :
'• if the said Evelina Porter shall j iterrnairy before the
expiration of the five \ear«, then the said pension shall cease
at the date of Mich nitfrmarrMgo."
The amendments of the Senate were concurred
in.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION 'U-
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, "i^move to.stis-' '
pend the rules, and that the'House resolve'itself-•
into the Committee of the. Whole on the .slate 0/ '
Union. ' •' ? ' ' - 1 ' , /
The motion was agreed to: and' the House ac- *
cordingly resolved itselfintothe'Cotftmittee 'ot thfe"
Whole on the state of the TJnioia, (Mr, Houst5>V
in the chait,) and resumed the'c'ohaiolyrationbf'the
Indian appropriation bill.- ' l'~ •
The CHAIRMAN stated tire question before!
the committee to be the Senate amendments totile' J
Indian appropriation bill, and that the pending""
question was on agreeing to the eleventh, amend- "
ment, of the Senate. •' ' ' '
The Clerk read the eleventh amendment of the' '
Seriate, aa follows:' • * ■ !
Strike out section tturd, as follows :
"Sec. 3. i be it further exacted, That the amounts
hereby appropriated for the payments of the Miamis of
Kansas and the Miamis of Indiana shall be paid in con-
formity to the fir^t proviso'of the first amendment to trie
fourth article of ihe Senate amendment to the treaty with
the Miami? of 5th Jutie, 1854, and not otherwise: ProvifVed^
howevr, That-no portion of the money hereby appropri-
ated shall he expended in any way otherwise than as pro-
vided for in this act."
The CHAIRMAN. There was an appeal from *
the decision of the Chair immediately pending
when the committee rose.
Mr. LETCHER.. I withdraw that appeal.
The amendment was concurred in. , :
Twelfth amendment of the Senate:
Add the following additional section :
Sec. 3.  dnd be it further enacted, That from and after the
30th day of June next, the filth section of the act establish-
ing the Department of the Interior, approved March 3,
1849, be, and the same is hereby, repealed, and that the
Office of Indian Affairs be then transferred to, and made
pan of, the Department of War, with all the books, rec-
ords, papers, and business pertaining to Indian affairs then
in possession of, or pending before, the Department of the '
Interior; and the Secretary of War shall, fiom and after
thf 30th day of June next, be, and he is hereby, reinvested
with and shall exercise all the supervisory, appellate, and
other powers and duties in relation to Indian affairs which
are prescribed by the actentitled "An act to provide for the
appointment of a Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and for
other purposes," approved July 9, 1S32: Prortderf, That
where a diflWenee ot' opinion shall au.-e between the Sec-
retary of War and the Secretary of the Interior upon any
point touching any Indian reservation, the question shall
be leferred to the Pie&ident, and his decision shall be final.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the House to permit me
to make a personal explanation, in reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,]
made yesterday, when 1 was absent from the
Hall for a few moments.
Mr. PHELP5, of Missouri. I must object. I
was about calling the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cox] to order yesterday, when 1 was anticipated
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Mor-
gan.]
Mr. BLAIR. I move to amend the amendment
of the Senate by striking out the last proviso.
Mr. Chairman, I offered an amendment, when
this bill was before the House, in the early part
of last month, providing that no portion of the
money therein appropriated shall be expended for
the puichase of arms and ammunition for the In-
dians, which amendment was concurred in by the
House and Senate; and 1 made some remarks on
that amendment, showing the folly and imbecility
of oui- Indian policy. Yesterday, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cox] undertook to deny the.facts
that I stated; and said that Mr. Manypenny, for-
merly Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and now
a constituent of his, had not been notified that the
Indians, to whom he was furnishing these arms,
were hostile, and therefore my statement was un-
founded. He said, further, that if this prepos-
terous charge were true 
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. This personal explanation wilt lead
to personal explanations upon the other side.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman^ will be al-
lowed to go on. I want to reply to Kim.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. And thus time
will be consumed.
Mr. COX. Objection was made to my proceed-
ing: yesterday.
Mr. BLAIR. I intend to show that the amend-
ment of the Senate is a proper amendment, and
that we oucht to adopt it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman proposes
to amend the amendment of the Senate, and he
must confine his remarks to his amendment. The
debate now in -order must be confined to the
amendment to the Senate amendment,
