Mf
THK ©0N6S©ESS1©MAL G'lLOBEi
February 16.
Ifthey are those of peace,, the Indians should be
-referred to a peace establishment. If they are the
relations of war, then they come properly under
* the War Department.
Now, sir, the difficulties that we have had with
the Indiana, prior to their transfer to the Indian
department, ought to indicate to us oui; true policy.
Prior to that time, what was the condition of our
highways passing through the Indian territory?
What was the condition of our Indian frontier?
[Here the hammer fell.] ^
Mr. WOODiSON withdrew his amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I hope this discussion
■will now ciose, and that the committee will pro-
ceed to vote on the amendment.
The question was taken on the twelfth amend-
ment of the Senate-, and it was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment of the Senate:
Sfio. 4'. Jlnd'be il further enacted, That the President of
tfte United States be, anil he hereby is, authorized and re-
quired to cause to he surveyed, and the bonndaues thereof
permanently marked, the tract or tracts of land i.vmg oh or
near the Gila river, m the Territory of Arizona, New iVlev-
icoj now occupied by the confederated hands of Pima and
Maricopa Indians; and the sum of $1,000 is hereby appro-
priated to defuiy the expenses of said survey.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a nou-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 5. And he it further enactcd, That the President of
the United States-Lie, and lie hereby is, anthoiized and
required to set apart, the tract or tracts of land aforesaid as
a reservation of the confedoiated bands of Punas and Ma-
ricopass.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec 6 And be it fuither enacted. That the sum of$lO 000
is heieby appropriated to enable the Coinuiis-ioner"ot In-
dian Affans to make suitable-presents to the Pi mas and
Maricopas, in acknowledgment of then loyalty to thi.-Gov-
ernment, and the m my kindnesses heretotote leudered by
them to our citizens.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 7. And he it farther enacted. That if, in adjusting the
claims of half-bioed Indians under the tenth aiiiele of
Frame du-Chien?of 15th Jul,. 1mJo, I vim* wnhm theXu mo
Imw resetvaiinit therein deMMibed, a"  surveyed by McCoy, '
and confirmed by section thirteen of the act entitled " An
act making dppMipufttmns fur Mimhy civil expenses of the
Government for theyeai ending 30ih June, 18.19," .ipptuv<>d
June 12, 1858, theie shall be found a doik leney m the
quantity ol land necessary to cany out the intention* ot Mini
treaty, tiion tlieie shall be retained out of the pioeeed^of
that portion of the public lands excluded from -aid reser-
vation, as said half breeds^clnimed Us boundanes bv the
McCoy survey and the thuteeiuh section ot the banl act of
July ll.i, 1838, >-0 much money a* shall equal thai deficiency,
estimating the same at jgl 25 pet acre; winch said '■tun of
mAney shall he paid to the Secretary ofthe^ntenoi, to be held
by linn in trust for Mich c>f*.ud hah'-breed^us *hall be found
entitled to it, and by him paid to them or invited tor their
benefit, as he shall think most judicious and ptopor, after
the yawl mixed bloods shall have lehnrpuehed to the United
States ail their interest in and to said deficiency in said res-
ervation.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in the amendment, with an
amendment to insert after the word " of," in the
second line, tiie_words, " the treaty of."
Mr. PfcltiLPy, of Missouri. That amendment
is merely to correct a clerical error.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That seems
to be a very complicated piece of legislation. I
desire soma explanation of the amendment be-
fore the vote is taken on concurring in it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I can explain it
in a woid or two. At the last session of Con-
gress a section was passed in the Incjian bill pro-
viding that the line surveyed by Mcpoy as the
western boundary of the half-breed tractj should
be the true boundary. McCoy was«employed 1
some yeais ago to run the line of the western j
boundary of this tract, and his line was supposed j
to be the true one, and settlers have settled upon j
the lands outside that line. Upon an examina- j
tton-of the^ survey, however, it was ascertained i
that that lirfe was incorrect, and that thorp were |
really more lands belonging- to the Indians than
they would obtain by the McCoy line. The sec- j
tion to which I have referred, was adopted as a :
compromise at the last session of Congress by |
the committee of conference. I recollect that iji '
explaining it to the House at that time, I urged
its adoption on the ground that it-would be easier
to compensate the Indians than the white settlers
who had gone upon the lands, and who supposed
that they, were rightfully entitled to their settle-
ments. This amendment merely proposes to pay
to the Indians the value of the lands thus wrong-
fully taken from them, estimating them at $1 25
an acre, and it is but right and just that they
should be paid.
The amendment of the Senate,-as amended,
was concurred m.
Seventeenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 8. Jind be it farther enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of Indian AtTans, under the direction of the Secie-
tary of the Inteuor, is hereby authorized and directed to
prepare rules and regulations for the government of the In-
dian service, ami foi trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes and regulations of then affairs; and when approve^
by the President shall he submitted to the Congre^ of the
United states fonts appioval: Piovuled, That such laws,
rules, and regulations proposed, shall.not be m lorce until
enacted by Congress.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a nou-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That so much of the
act entitled An act to regulate tiade and intetcourse with
the Indian nibes. and to preseive peace on the frontiers."
approved June 30, 1S31, as ptovide- that the United States
stiall make indemnification out of the Ticasuiy for prop-
erty taken or de-uroyed in eertnin cases, either by the In-
dian*, or bj< white men tr.-spa^ing on the Indians, as de-
seubed in the said act, he, and Hie mme is hereby, icpealed:
Prorule<!,huu a er, That nothing; herein contained shall be
so consumed a* to impair m destroy the obligation of the
Indians to make indemnification out of the annuities as
prcf-eiitn'd in s*aid act: And provided further, That the
PiCMdent o! the United States may, at his discretion, in-
demnify the Indians out of the TteaMiiv for losses in cases
wheie the said act required them to be paid out of the
Treasury.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrcncc in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Nineteenth and last amendment of the Senate:
Sivc. 10. And be it Jurther enacted. That the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affair-, is hereby authored to make such
agreement?- and entet into such arrangements as he may
deem neeessaay and expedient, with any tribe or band of In-
dian-* for their location upon reservation-*, oi touching the
management of Uu-n tnb.U affairs, the application oi their
propcity and annuities to purpose-; oi civilization and educa-
tion, which, when approved bv the President, vhall be valid
and binding: Provided, however. That no such agreement
shall be oi any effect when it involves any additional e.x-
pendituie of money on the patt of the Urn ted State*, be-
}ond what is icquiied und«*r tte.uy snpulan -n«, or bv an
ncf of (Jongn^-4, until the ^anie ^h-li have been fir-? sub-
mitted fo. and leceivcd the approval of, the Senate of the
United Stares.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the proviso. 1 confess that
I have not much expectation of defeating this
amendment of the Senate; for whenever such
propositions come befoie Congress, I always take
it for granted they will through. The amend-
ment proposes to transfer the treaty-making
power from the President and the Senate to the
Secretary of the Interior, or the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, upon whom all the personal in-
terests involved in the making of contracts or
agreements can be brought to bear. Adopt that
amendment, and immediately ad those whodesire
to circumvent the Indians, to remove them to
new places for the purpose of helping specula-
tions, will bring their influence to bear upon the
Secretary of the Inferior. I hove as much confi-
dence m that officer as any ui this Government.
I know that ho would do everything in his power
to deai justly with the Indians and to prevent such
speculations; hut it is not in the power of a De-
partment, or of any man, to stand up against all
the pressure brought to bear for the robbery of
the Indians and speculation in their lands.
Air. PilELL'rf, of Missouri. I am happy to
hear the gentleman's argument in favor of the ac-
tion of the Committee of Wavs and Means.
Mr. REAGAN withd tew his amendment.
The Senate amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Mis jouri. I move that the
committee rise, and report the amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Houston leported that
the'Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Senate amendments to the Indian appropria-
tion bill; and'had directed him to report the same
back, some with and some without amendment,
and with a recommendation of concurrence in
some, and non-concurrence in others.
Mr. PEW5LPS, of Missouri. In order to ex-
pedite business, I move that gentlemen state the
amendments on which they desire separate votes
and then that the vote be taken on the rest en masse.
Mr. GARNJETT. I.desire a separate vote on
the eighteenth amendment. *
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I call the previous
question.
T&e previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. I want a separate vote on
the amendment for the transfer of the Indian Of-
fice to the War Department.
Mr. GARNETT. I think that transfer will
save the Government millions.
Mr. PETTIT. I want a separate vote on the
eleventh amendment.
Mr. VANCE. I want a separate vote on the
tenth amendment.
Mr-. HASKIN moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The action of the Committee of the Whole on.
the state of the Union on the amendments of the
Senate, except on those indicated for separate
votes, was concurred in.
Tenth amendment of the Senate:
For carrying into effect the twenty-fourth section of the
civil and "diplomatic act of IVIaich 3, 18o5, the sum of
§19,043 79.
TheSPEAKER. ThoCommitteeofthe Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a non-con-
currence in the amendment.
The House divided; and there were, on a con-
currence in the amendment—ayes twenty-four.
[Cries'of 44 ^ive it up !"]
Mr. VANCE. 1 cannot afford to give it up.
It is for my constituents, and it is my duty to
stand by their interests. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment of the Senate:
Strike out the third section, as follow* ;
" Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the amounts
hereby appiopruued for the pa>ment of the Miamis of
Kansas and the Miamis of Indiana, shrill be paid in con-
formity to the first proviso of tne fust amendment to the
fourth article of the Senate amendment to the treaty wipi
the Miamu- of 5th June, 18.14, arid not otherwise: Pro-
vided. however, That no poirton of the money hereby appro-
priated s-hall be expende'd m any way otherwise than as
provided for in this act."
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union recommend a
concurrence tn the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. PE CTIT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
The twelfth amendment of the Senate was then
reported, as follows:
Sec. 3: Jind he U further enacted, That from and after the
30th day of June next the fifth section or the net embjish-
ingtheDepartmentofthe fnteuor, appioved March 3,1849,
be, and th« same is hereby, lepealed, and that the Office of
Indian Affairs be th"ii reiranM'eried to, and made: pa it of,
the Depastment of War, with all the book*?, record*, papers,
and buMtiess pertannnq to [ndian aflans then m possession
of or pending beloretiie Depaiunent o! the Interior; and
the St-oret.uy of War s-hall, fiom and after the 30th day of
Jtiiit: next- hp, and he is heioby, reinvested with and shall
exercise ail the Mipervnory, appellate, and other powers and
duties m relation to Indian affairs which are prescribed by
the act entitled "An act to provide for the appointment of
a Commissioner of Indian Affair, and foi other purposes,"
appioved July 9, 1833 : P,ovided, That wheie a diffeience
ol opinion tehall au-e between the Seeiefan of Wai and the
Secretary of the Tnterioi upon any point torching any In-
dian reservation, the question shall be referred to the Pres-
ident, and Ins decision shall be final.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence.
Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The eighteenth amendment of the Senate was
reported as follows:
Sec. 9. Jlnd It it fmtker enacted, That so much of the
act entitled ,!Ati act to regulate tiade arid intercoms^ with
the Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers,"
approved June 30, 1 34. a-* piovides that the United States
shall make indemnification out of tin4 Treasury for prop-
erty taken oj de-tioyed m ceitain cases, eithei by the In-
dian«s, or by white men tie-parsing on the Indians, as de-
scr bed in the said act, be, and the same is hereby, repealed :
Provided, however, That nothing herein contained snail bft
so constiued as to impair oi destroy the obligation of the
Indians to make indemnification out of the annuities as
