THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1859.
New Series....No.
prescribed in said act: And provided further. That the
President of tile United State* may, at his discretion, in-
demnify the Indians out of the Treasury for losses in cases
Where the said act required them to be paid out of the
Treasury.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence. .
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask unanimous consent to
offer an amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
ate, striking out the last proviso. The first part
is evidently proper; but the last proviso ought to
be struck out.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I must object.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Mis-
souri ought not to object.
Mr. GARNETT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the several votes by which the amendments
of the Senate were respectively concurred in and
non-concurred in; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at half past four o'clock, p. m.j) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 17,1859.
Prayer by Rev. D. N. Young.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EN-ROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 810) for the relief of William
Yearwood, sr.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GREEN. I present a petition of citizens
of New York and its vicinity, praying that tly|
public lands may be laid out in farms or lots, for
the free and exclusive use of actual settlers. I
present the petition out of courtesy to the peti-
tioners, saying at the same time that all such
ideas conflict entirely with my notions of public
policy.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GREEN presented three petitions of res-
idents of the northwestern part of Nebraska,
praying that that portion of the Territory may
be attached to the Territory of Dakota; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS presented two memorials of offi-
cers of the medical staff of the Army, praying
that their allowances for forage may be made the
same as those of cavalry officers of the same
grade; which were referred to the Committee on ;
Military Affairs and the Militia. .
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of E. J
K. Collins and his associates, praying the pay- '
ment of a balance alleged to be due them on their I
contract for ocean mail service between New York !
and Liverpool; which was referred the Commit- j
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. i
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of the j
Legislature of Wisconsin, praying a grant of land
for the establishment of an agricultural college;
which was ordered to he on the table, and be ,
printed. j
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. ;
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the following bills and joint resolution
of the House:
An act (II. R. No. 2) donating public lands to
the several States and Tern tones which m ■>' pi o-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts;
An net (H. R No. 458) for the relief of Eve-
lina D. Porter, widow of the late Commodore
David Porter, ot'the United States Navy;
An act (H. II. No. 502) for the relief of Wright
Fore ■
An act (EL R. No. 069) for the relief of the
Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company; and
68
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell a certain
plat of land in the city of Petersburg, Virginia,
belonging to the United States.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to some, and disagreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 664)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1860.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 383) for the
relief of Myra Clark Gaines; and it was signed
by the Vice President.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered, That W. Y. Gill have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That tlie heirs of Philip Weademan have leave
to withdraw their petition and papers.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. PEARCE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill making appropri-
ations for the improvement of the navigation of
the Patapsco river.
WILLIAM GASTON PEARSON.
Mr. KENNEDY submitted the following mo-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Ordered, That the Court of Claims be requested to return
the memorial and papers of William Gaston Pearson; and
that tiiey be rcfeired to the Comi.nttee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLAY asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 585)
to amend an act approved 31st Maj*, 1844, en-
titled "An act to amend the judiciary act, passed
the 34th September, 1849;" which was read
twice by its title, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary .
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
711) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of Government;
for the year eliding the 30th of June, 1860, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
memorial of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany, reported a bill (S. No. 583) to authorize
tile Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company to ex-
tend the Washington branch of their road through
a tunnel east of the Capitol, to some points on the
water from Third street east to Seventh street
west, exclusive of the public grounds; also from
some point on the said road to a point or points
opposite the citj of Alexandria; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 522) to
provide for the transfer of jurisdiction over oer-
. tain claims against the United States from the
| Treasury to the Interior Department, reported it
ij without amendment.
■; tie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Elizabeth Osgood,
:! heir of Joseph Fogg, a quartermaster ill the army
'! of the Revolution, praying to be allowed a pen-
'! sion, reported adveisely thereon; and the report
was agreed to.
:i He also, from the some committee, to whom
'! was referred the petition of Daniel McAveny,.a
ji soldier ill the Army during the Florida war, pray-
iug to be allowed a pension, reported adversely
i thereon; and the report was agreed to
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on IritJiari Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of Am1-,
brose S.Mead and others, praying remuneration
for property destroyed by a wandering tribe'of
the Sioux Indians, in the spring of 1857,, asked,
to be discharged from its further consideration;"
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Pierre Choteau, jr.,
& Co., licensed Indian traders, praying indem-
nity for goods and merchandise forcibly taken
from them bythe-Sioux Indians at Fort John, on
the north fork of the Platte river, in August, 1854,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration; which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the 1
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.No.
549) for the relief of James P. Cook, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a report
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom-
was referred the petition of Commodore William
Mervine, United States Navy, praying that he
may be refunded the amount of a judgment re-
coveted against him for the discharge of an of-
ficial duty, submitted an adverse report thereon.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
James H. Causten, attorney in fact of the legal
representatives of Samuel Smith, James A. Bu-
chanan, and others, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report,
and m concurrence therewith.
Resolved, That the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the suliject.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
citizens of Michigan relative to the appointment
of chaplains in the public service, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was recommitted the
petition of William Sawyer and others, citizens
of Anglaize county, Ohio, praying the confirma-
tion of their titles to land in section No. 27, the
the east half of section No. 28, and the west half
of section No. 26, in township No. 5 of range 4
east, in said county, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the memorial of
Smallwood, Earle, & Co., praying to be allowed
the amount of a fine illegally imposed on them
and paid to the collector of the customs at New
York, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 584) for the relief of Smallwood, Earle
& Co., of New York. The .bijl was read, and
passed to a second teading; and the report was
ordered to be printed. _ ,
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the report
of the Secretary of War, communicating a copy
of the topographical memoir and jg>ap of Colonel
Wright's late campaign against the Indians in
Oregon and Washington Territories, reported in
favor of printing the usual number, and five hun-
dred additional copies thereof, for the use of the
War Department; and the report was agieed to.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the message of
the President of tlieXJnitcd States communicating
the report of the commissioner to Vancouver s
, Island and Fraser river, have instructed me to
i report it back to the Senate with a re&emmenda-
! tion that so much of it as they report be punted,
i That embraces only the report of the commis-
|| sioner. It does not embrace the documents ac-
'i complying it, most of which are not of general
j interest; butThe report itself is ceitainly worthy
!! of being printed for the use of the public.
11 The motion to print was agreed to. ' .
'| BUTTERFIELD'S MAIL CONTRACT.
;j Mr. WILSON. I submitted, some days ago,
fl a resolution of inquiry concerning Mr. Butter-
