1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
field's California mail route. The resolution calls
for information, and I move that it be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Wilson on the 7th
January, was adopted:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General, at the earliest
practicable period, communicate to the Senate true copies
of all contracts or agreements made with John Butterneld
and his associates, for carrying the mail or otherwise, fiom'
the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean, or from or to any
intermediate points j that he state by what authority, and
under what law or resolution, such contract or contracts,
agreement or agreements, were made; and that he also state
fully what payments or advances have been made, for or
on account of such service, contracts, or agreements, when
made, to whom, and in what sum or sums. And that the
Postmaster General further state and set forth fully, what
number of letter packages and dispatches, or other matter,
have been carried or transported by said company, from, or
to the Mississippi river, or California, or any intermediate
points, and the amount of money collected or received for
postage or otherwise, on such letters, dispatches, or pack-
ages, and what security or securities have been given for
the performance of such agreement or contracts and that
lie turiihh copies of any bonds or other security, and the
number of passengers that have been carried by said com-
pany, from what point, to what point, and for what com-
pensation, and, also, the tune made each tup between San
Francisco and the Mississippi river.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. "WADE. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and to take up the homestead bill of the
House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to postpone all prior orders, and to
take up the bill (H. R. No. 72) to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the homestead bill is to be
discussed it will necessarily occupy considerable
time. We have not many days of the session re-
maining. 1 introduced a resolution two days
since providing; for evening sessions, and I pie-
sume it will pass without any discussion. It cer-
tainly will be necessary, with all th'e questions
which arc before us, that some arrangement of
that sort should be made by the Senate; and I do
not think it will lead to any discussion.
Mr. WAD 12. I should like exceedingly to ac-
commodate the Senator from Louisiana, but the
homestead bill, to which I am a good deal de-
voted,has, 1 believe, twice passed the House and
come to this body, but somehow it has had the
go by, and we have never had a direct vote on it
here that I know of'. I do not propose to discuss
it for a single moment; and 1 hope none of its
friends will debate it, because it luis been pending
before Congress for several yeais, and I presume
every Senator is perfectly weli acquainted with all
its provisions, and has made up his mind as to
the coursc he will pursue m regard to it. I have
no hope thatanything I could say would win any
opponent of the bill to its support; and I hope
every friend of the measure will take no time m
debate, but will try to get a vote upon it, for 1
think it is the great measure of the session. In
my judgment, it is worth every other measure
that has been brought before us this session. All
1 want, all I ask, us to have a vote upon it.
Mr. REID. My recollection is, that during
the present Congress we laid a homestead bill on
the table—the bill of the Senlftor from Tennessee,
[Mr. Johnson,] and I thought that^vas decisive
of the intention of the Senate in regard to u. I
believe that vote was afterwards reconsidered at
the request of the Senator from Tennessee, who
desired to m^ke some furthei remarks upon the
subject. I thought we had taken the sense of the
Senate at the last Session, by a solemn vote, show-
in<" that the Senate was opposed to a homestead
bill.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now in
order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think the
Senator from North Carolina is laboring under a
misapprehension 
Mr. FITCH. I think the Committee on Print-
ing have a right to report at any time; but if it is
not in order to make a tenor?, 1 ask the privilege
•of b.ejng allowed to do so. 1 was not aware that
?,he morning hour had passed by.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair called
for petitions anii reports; and having done so, he
afterwards gave the ijoor to the Senator who
mekes this cintion, which is now in order.
tVlr. HUNTER. 1 believe Committee on
Panting has a right to report at any time.
Ur> STIT4&? ' Not here 1 r' '
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection the report will be received.
Mr. WADE. 1 have no objection to receiving
the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Tennessee yield the floor to the Senator from
Indiana ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. For that pur-
pose.
Mr. FITCH presented a report from the Com-
mittee on Printing, which is given above.
Mr. FITCH. I desire likewise to call up a res-
olution which I reported from the Committee on
Printing the other day, in reference to the me-
chanical portion of the Patent Office report.
Mr. HUNTER. I object to that. The Sen-
ator has no right to interpose that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT In the opinion of
the Chair the floor was yielded to the Senator
from Indiana to make a report, and the question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, upon which the Senator from Tennessee has
the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is not my
purpose to consume the time of the Senate, and
especially so ut this late hour of the session. I
was simply going to remark that the Senator from
North Carolina was under a misapprehension as
to the disposition of the homestead bill. During
the last session of the Senate we had action upon
it, but it was not of the character intimated by
the Senator from North Carolina. It was made
a special order, and after it had been under con-
sideration for some tune, and the bill was pretty
well matured, a motion was made to postpone it
until the fustMonday in January of this session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee will pause a moment. The conversa-
tion on the left of the Chair is so general that he
is entirely unable to hear the Senator on the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I was remark-
ing, Mr. President, that the Senator from North
Carolina was under a misapprehension as to the
disposition of the bill during the last session. It
was a special oider, and was postponed until the
first Monday of January. That tune has passed
by. Then: have been repeated efforts to get the
bill up. It is, in fact, a special order before the
Senate, and subject to be called up in the order
of special orders. This is a bill winch has been
sent from the Mouse; and it is upon the Calen-
dar, and ii? 111 a condition to be acted upon.
I I will state in this connection that, m substance,
i there is no material difference between the two
j bills. 1 prefer the Senate bill, because I think its
, details are somewhat better matured; but, m sub-
stance, the bills are precisely the same; and, so
far as I am concerned, I am willing to take the
House bill. Let us have action upon that. If
there be defects in the bill, as time and experience
shall suggest proper alterations and amendments
to be made to the law, they can be made. I do
hope that the Senate wili take up this bill, and let
us have final action upon it; either adopt the bill
ds it came from the House, or add such amend-
!i ments as they think proper, and send it back for
conference. I prefer and will vote for the bill as
ii it came from the House, rather than have no ac-
tion upon this great and important measure, one
ij which, I believe, involves the deepest—1 was go-
ii ing to say, the most vital—interests of the whoie
,1 country.
ij i will icmark, further, simply repeating what
the Senator from Ohio has-said, that this bill has
' passed the House of Representatives three tunes.
I; It received the indorsement and sanction of the
popular judgment of this country, and has been
: sent to this body; but, somehow or other, some-
I tunes by indirect legislation, sometimes by pass-
ing it over, the proposition has been defeated; but
; I do hope that we shall have final action upon the
■, subject now.
■! Mr. HUNTER. I believe, sir  
I' Mr. REID. Will the Senator permit mo one
■ : moment to reply to the Senator from Tennessee ?
| Air. HUNTER. Certainly.
Mr. REID. i do not know that I was strictly
, correct in the remark that 1 made as to the dispo-
sition of this bill, or a similar one heretofore; but
'1 my recollection is veiy clear that the sense of the
Senate was ^Tvinst this honfestead measure, and
' my present impression is that we only postponed
j'. it so as to kill the Senator's bantling ma genteel,
i: easy sort of a way
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will state,
by permission of the Senator from North Caro-
lina, as to &|jkremarks about stifling or killing
this bantling, that it has been tried a good while.
That effort was made again and again in the other
House; but this bantling, notwithstanding every
effort to stifle it, has continued to gain strength
and power from its introduction to the present
moment. The time will come, I trust and hope,
when the deliberate judgment of the people of
this country cannot be stifled in the Senate or any
where else. It was a special order, and as a special
order was postponed until the first Monday m
January. There was no definite action upon the
proposition at all last year. The session was
drawing to a close, ana it was postponed until
that period, with a view that it should be then
taken up and maturely and deliberately consid-
ered.
Mr. REID. I do not dispute all that; nor do
I dispute the fact that this measure has strength-
ened; but it has not that kind of strength which
a great measure of public policy ought to have in
this or in any other country. In regard to the
material point I intended to enforce upon the
Senate, I am correct that the sense and judgment
of the Senate at the last session, when this hill
was under consideration, was against the passage
of the measure. If it had not been, it would have
been passed. I think it is too late in the session
now to take up this bill, to be acted upon here,
at least, until we act upon other great measures
upon which there is more unanimity of sentiment
in the country, and a higher sense of duty upon
us to pass them during the few days of the ses-
sion that remain.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe, Mr. President, that
a fortnight from to-day will take us to the 3d of
March. Now, it is known that we have nearly
all the important appropriation bills, and one that
is unfinished, to take up. I gave notice yester-
day that I would call it up at twelve o'clock to-
day. I should have made an effort to take it up
before, but for the absence of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,] who had an amendmentpend-
ing. 1 hope there will be no effort to press this
homestead bill so as to displace the appropriation
bill. Would it be in order now for me to submit
a motion to postpone all prior orders? I believe
there is a motion of that sort pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
of that kind now pending.
Mr. HUNTER. That being the case, I must
only appeal to the Senate to consider how little
of the session is now left to us, and whether we
ought not to take up the appropriation bill and
dispose of it. I think we can do so by one o'clock.
Let the gentlemen struggle to take up this home-
stead bill at another time; but the appropriation
bills ought to pass as quickly as possible.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would say to my honorable
friend from Tennessee, who takes so much inter-
est m this bill, and to the honorable Senator from
Virginia, that the friends of this bill desire noth-
ing but a vote upon it, not to waste time in debate.
It is true the session is nearly all gone; there is
not much time for debating any measure; but the
rehmve importance of measures is a matter of
opinion. A great many of us think this is a very
mif*)rtant bill; and for one I agree with the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, whether it is or not, let us
take it up and have a fair vote on it.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not conceal the fact that
I am very much opposed to it; but I suppose,
whenever this bill comes up, it must be the sub-
ject of debate. So immense an appropriation of
public l.mds as it proposes cannot pass, I pre-
sume, without some comment. I know if there
be a majority who desire to consider it, they ought
to consider it. I will interpose no factious ob-
stacle in the way, but I think I am asking noth-
ing but what is fair when I propose to take up the
unfinished appropriation bill, and dispose of it. I
think we can do so by one o'clock.
Mr. SHIELDS Mr. President, the other day
the honorable Senator presented his appropriation
bill, as the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
' as 1 considered, with his usual zeal; but he per-
! miucd it to be hud asule on that occasion to take
! up what we call the Cuba question. I knew, when
! that was done, that lie would have a great deal of
! difficulty in ugain taking it up and getting it passed.
| I was willing, then, to stand up and favor the ap-
J propriation bill; I am willing now to do so; but I
