1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
Bee no reason why this other bill should not be
taken up, and let us have a vote upon it, unless
it be the object to discuss it. I think it has been
sufficiently discussed in the Sena*
Mr. ALLEN. Let us have the yeas and nays
on this question.
Mr. WILSON". I appreciate the anxiety of the
Senator from Virginia, to take up the appropria-
tion bill; but I would suggest to that Senator that
he allow us to take this bill up, and have a vote
upon it. I do not suppose that anybody who is
in favor of the measure desires to consume the
time of the Senate, at this stage of the session,
by discussing it. It has been discussed before the
nation. It is well understood. I believe it is sus-
tained by an overwhelming majority of the people
of the country. I would suggest, also, to that
Senator, that he had better press his appropria-
tion bills upon another occasion. We are con-
suming the time of the Senate daygfter day, near
the close of the session, in discussing a measure
of no importance whatever.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will allow me
to ask him, if I push this measure at one o 'clock,
will he vote with me to postpone the Cuba matter,
and take up the appropriation bill?
Mr. WILSON. I will vote to postpone the
Cuba matter at any time to take up appropriation
bills. All I want is a vote upon this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On this question
the yeas and nays are demanded.
Mr. SEWARD. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to
postpone all prior orders and take up the home-
stead bill.
Mr. GWIN. Can the question be divided?
Can we vote on postponing the prior orders first ?
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It seems to the
Chair that the question is substantially a unit
susceptible of a division in form, but not in f^i.
Mr. GWIN. I want to take up the approb-
ation bill, and I want to vote for the homestead
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this question
the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I have no doubt, from the bufr-
ness before us, that this is the last opportunity
we shall have to act upon this great measure. I
hope, as I said before, every friend of it will stand
by it until it is either triumphant or defeated, and
that, too, in preference to any other business that
may be urged upon us. As to the appropria-
tion bills,! have not the Ipast fear but that they
will go through. Their gravitation carries them
through; but a measure of this kind requires some
labor. All I ask, is for its fitends to stand by this
bill until it is either triumphant or defeated.
Mr. CLAY. I merely wish to remark that I
gave notice on Monday that I would try to call
up the next day, during the morning hour, a bill
for reorganizing the collection districts, designat-
ing pons of delivery, and regulating the com-
pensation of olficers of the customs. That bill
proposes to reduce the officers employed in the
collection of the revenue by some four hundred
and upwards, and the expenditures by upwards
of seven hundred thousand dollars. I think it is
much more important to the public interest to
take up and pass that bill, than one which will
tend to reduce, at least, if it does not entirely de-
stroy, the revenue derived from the sale of public
lands.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Mcsfis. Bright, Biod<jnck, Cnaudler, CoU.uvicr,
Di\on, Doonttle. Fc^-nckm, Foot, Fo>tei. tJvvm. Hale,
IlamSin. liaiian, Jolm>ou of Tennessee. King, Pu<j!), Rice,
Sewaid. tflm'UKHiMMOns, Smith, s3tu<iit,Tiumbuii,\Yade,
and U"i!<on—:>].
NAYss—Mi'ssr--. A lion, Bayard. Benjamin. Bigler, Btovvu,
f'liCMiur, Ojay, f-ruiizm.ui. Davi^, 1'itch. Fitzpatnek, Gieeu,
Ihmmioml. Huntd. iver&uii. Lane,.MaHorv, Mason. Petiref,
Itciri, Shdi'li, To<m l n, ami Waid—4J3.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, preceded to con-
sider the bill (H\ R. No. 72) to secure homesteads
to actual settlei's on the public domain.
Mr. HUNTER, i do not want to commoner
any debate on this hill, but I wish to try the sense
of the Senate, whether we cannot take up the ap-
propriation bill. It is very certain that this bill
cannot pass without some remarks upon it—a bill
disposing of so much of the national domain—
and I therefore move to postpone all prior orders
j; for the purpose of taking up the diplomatic and
consular appropriation bill. I wish to try the
sense of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. Does the Chair hold that that
motion is permissible now ? The Senate having
just decided to postpone all prior orders and take
up this bill, is it permissible now to make another
motion to postpone this and all other prior orders
; and take up another bill?
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
; that after the Senate have taken up a particular
j piece of business, and after spending whatever
1 time they may choose on it, they can postpone it.
i Mr. STUART. My own opinion was to the
| contrary, but I am not disposed to discuss the
' question of order. I say this proceeding is mere
< child's play; for if the Senator succeeds in his
! motion, I can make this motion, and so we may
i consume the entire day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not for the
i Chair to say that the Senate may not of its own
I vote pass from the consideration of one piece of
business to another.
Mr. STUART. I do not make any point of
order on it, but I see that it opens an opportunity
on this occasion for me to say what 1 desire to
say on this subject. While I have^no disposition
to consume the time of the Senate in discussing
these measures, it is unquestionably unfortunate
for those who are interested in the settlement and
cultivation of the public lands, that by one means
and another their measures are postponed until
the last hours of a session, when their fiiends
cannot discuss them. It has been the case upon
every single bill of the kind. By one means or
another, it has been put off from day to day, until
the point arrives when, if thefriends of the meas-
ure discuss the question, it is lost for want of
time. Such was the case upon the agricultural
college bill. Those who thought themselves able
to maintain the constitutionality of that measure
were compelled to be silent, or not have a vote.
The opponents of the measure have the whole
field of argument, and there is no engine that is
: more potent than .these appropriation bills. A
j man that is not out and out, beyond all contm-
: gency, and beyond all question, in favor of the
1 measure, finds it easy to vote to take up an ap-
I propriation bill, and he says: " I did not vote
: against the measure; I would have voted for it if
you could only have brought it to a final vote:
t but the appropriation bills certainly ought to be
i passed." So they should, sir; and they certainly
1 will pass. I believe there is, m the history of this
! Government, but one case when an appropriation
bill did not pass, and that was in the last Con-
gress, when the Army bill was lost by a contro-
versy about Kansas. I believe that is the only
1 occasion. They will always pass. The Senate
and House of Representatives will sit any length
of time, and will forego any considerations, to
pass those bills.
Then, sir, we need not be alarmed about them.
They will pass. They have a motive power in
themselves. But here is a measure that is of vast
interest to the new States and to the Territories.
I give it as my opinion, that all the measures in
regard to the public lands put together, will not
afiurd as much benefit to the States and to the
United States as this homestead proposition, in
regard to every objection which has been made to
it, I hold that so far from it being true, exactly
the reverse is true. I hold that if you desire to
get revenue from the public lands, you should
offer inducements to actual settlers to occupy a
part of them, and by occupying a part of them,
they will render the remainder desirable. Men
of more means will buy them and occupy them,
if actual settlers with less means go upon the
public lands and occupy a portion of them.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of order.
Is it m older to debate the merits of a bill on a
motion to postpone'
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
puggest to the S nalor from Michigan, and the
Senator from Viignua, that he must call up, at
this hour, the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. STUART. What is that, sir ?
TheV ICE PRESIDEN V. The bill upon which
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Ciiakbler] is
entitled to the floor—the CuIm. bill.
Mi*. STUART. Was not the motion to post-
pone all prior ciders, and did not that prevail?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate what he thinks is the rule upon
that subject. The Senator from Ohio moved' to
postpone all prior orders of business and take up
the homestead bill. The prior orders of business
were what would have come up in succession, one
after another, if his motion had not been made.
The order for twelve o'clock had not then been
reached; that was a special, separate order of the
Senate. The Chair does not construe a motion of
that sort, made half an hour, or three quarters of
an hour, in advance of that time, to apply to it.
However, the whole matter is in the control of
the Senate. They can postpone this measure.
Mr. WADE. I njake that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the unfinished business of yester-
day, and the other special orders, be postponed.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the motion pending?
Is it my motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion before
the Senate was the motion of the Senator from
Virginia to postpone the pending business, and
other orders, to take up the appropriation bill.
Pending the consideration of that motion, the
hour for the special order arrives. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone the unfinished busi-
ness, and the other special orders. If that mo-
tion prevails, the question will recur on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Virginia; and if that fails,
we continue the consideration of the homestead
bill.
Mr. HUNTER. My motion was to postpone
all prior orders. That will settle the question.
If there is a majority forgoing on with the home-
stead bill, they will vote it down. 1 have not yet
had a vote on taking up the appropriation bill;
we had a vote on the other matter. I gave notice,
when the appropriation bill was laid over yester-
day, that 1 should call it up to-day at twelve
o'clock. If there is a majority of the Senate
against me, I submit; I make no more motions
about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vnginia made his motion some ten minutes be-
fore twelve o'clock; and if it had prevailed, when
the hour of twelve arrived the Chair would still
have called up the unfinished business of yester-
day. The hour of twelve having arrived, pend-
ing the discussion of that motion, the Chair sees
no objection to let that motion he. The motion
of the Senator from Virginia will settle the ques*
Uon, ifsuch be the sense of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. My motion is pending, and
there cannot be two motions of the same sort
i pending at the same time; and the decision of that
will decide the question. If they vote against it,
then all the Senator from Ohio has to do is to
move to postpone the special order.
Mr. WADE. Very well. I only wish to have
it understood, then, that the Senator from Vir-
ginia moves to take up the appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir. I move to postpone
all prior orders.
The VICE PRUDENT. This, then, will be
the condition of the motion before the Senate: the
question is on the renewed motion of the Senator
from Virginia.
Air. STUART. I object to that. The Senator's
motion must stand as it did when he made it. i
object to any renewal of the motion. I had the
floor, and the Chair arrested me to call up the
special order. When that matter is out of the
way, there can be no motions made, because I
am entitled to the floor.
Air. SEWARD. That is clearly so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
posed that it was by general consent of the Sen-
ate .
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion now
made then, if the Senator from Michigan insists
on it, is the motion of the Senator from Ohio to
. postpone the unfinished business of yesterday
' and the other special orders. Upon that the yeas
and nays have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. IVERSON. I do not rise to discuss the
question, but merely to give noticeof a rule wh:ch
1 propose to add to the standing rules of the Sen-
ate. I have to give notice of it a day in advance.
It is a proposition which I think the discussions
