1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
on this floor constantly every day will show the
necessity of. Upon motions to postpone, the dis-
cussion branches off. I want to cut off every-
thing of that sort. I propose to offer this reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the following shall be added to and form
one of the standing rules of the Senate:
On all motions to postpone the prior order and take up
any other bill or resolution, no Senator shall speak more
than once, nor more than five minutes; and it shall be iu
order at any time to move to lay the motion to postpone on
the table.
Mr. STUART. I object to its introduction
now.
Mr. IVERSON. I only give notice that I shall
offer it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, its introduction is not in order.
Mr. CLARK. I- wish to make an inquiry. It
seemed to be understood yesterday that the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] was to go
on with the Cuba question to-day. It is now in
order. The inquiry I wish to make is, whether
if we go on with that question now, will the
homestead bill come up as unfinished business, as
a matter of course, when he gets through ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that would depend upon a multitude of questions
in the action of the Senate which he cannot an-
swer.
Mr. 13RODERICK. I hope that the Senator
from Ohio will withdraw his motion, and let a
vote be taken upon the motion of the Senator from
Virginia. If that is voted down we shall come
at once to a vote on the'homestead bill.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will see we can-
not do that. The Chair has decided that the un-
finished business of yesterday, the Cuba bill, is
up, unless it is postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate must
take some action on that special order.
Mr. WADE. I understand it to be a very
simple matter. Tha question now is on my mo-
tion to postpone the twelve-o 'clock order, and
continue the homestead bill. The friends of the
homestead bill of course will vote for my motion.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CHESNUT, when his name was called,
said: I have paired off with the Senator from
Minnesota, [Mr. Shields.] He would have voted
for the motion, and I against it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to keep the homestead
bill before the Senate to-day, and so vote.
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays 26;
as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Roll, Bright, Hrorteiicfc, Chandler, Clark,
Collamei, Dixon, Doohttle, Douglas, Dutkee, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Johnson ofTennessee,
King, Pugh,Rice, Seward.Simmons, Smith, Stuait, Tium-
bu 11. Wade, and Wilson—'27.
NAYS—Messr*. Allen, Bates, Benjamin,Busier, Brown,
Clay, Chngman, Davn, Filch, Fuzpatrick, Green, Gwm,
Hammond, Hunter, Ivorson, Johnson of Arkansas, Lane,
MaMorv, Ma^on, Pearce, Held,Sebastian, Shdell, Toombs,
Waid, and Vulee—26.
So the motion of Mr. Wade was agreed to.
Th« VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia, to
postpone the consideration of the homestead bill
on which the Senate was engaged, with a view to
take up the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill.
Mr. STUART. On that question I believe I
had the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands some Senator to ask for the yeas and nays.
The Senator from Michigan will have the floor,
when the Chair ascertains whether the call for
the yeas and nays js sustained.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. As I said at the commence-
ment, I am altogether disinclined to consume the
time of the Senate on this question; but I wish to
repeat in a word, what I said before, that such is
the arrangement of business that there is no op-
portunity for those who are the friends of the
measure to discuss it. I had nearly concluded
what I had to say, and was about to add, that
every suggestion I have ever heard of public pol-
icy, both in respect to the United States, and the
States themselves, is precisely the reverse of what
js supposed, and this measure of all others, is the
most beneficial to the public interests both of the
United States and the States themselves. I hope
that irrespective of appropriation bills and of
every ether consideration, we may be permitted
to have a vote, that the sense of the Senate may
be taken on this question.
Mr. MASON. I do not know what may be
the pleasure of the Senate, and how far it concurs
in the views of the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan; but if the homestead bill is taken up, I take
it for granted it will involve a very extended de-
bate. I shall deem it my duty, for one, to go into
it pretty largely; because, not intending at all to
impugn the opinions of other Senators, 1 have
notyet known in the Senate a bill so fraught with
mischief, an4 mischief of the most demoralizing
tendency, as the homestead bill. Then, where
are we? Here, within a fortnight of the expira-
tion of the session, and not the appropriation bills
only unacted upon, but the great policy of the
country, in reference to the finances of the coun-
try, unsettled, and but two weeks to do it in,
with a prospect, and I am afraid an imminent
prospect, of a disastrous session in the summer,
to make up for our deficiencies here this winter.
Sir, there are pending before the country, most
important questions affecting the interests of the
country in the finances, which will have to be
settled, and there are but two weeks to do it in.
I trust, therefore, it will be the pleasure of Con-
gress to postpone all measures of every kind to
take up those subjects.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the remarks
which have been made by the honorable Senator
from Virginia seem to me to piove conclusively
that the proper course on the present occasion is
to take up and dispose of the homestead bill. I
had hoped that a bill like this, simply carrying
out in a form well matured and well digested, a
policy that has been submitted to Congress every
year since I have been a member of tiiis body,
and has been discussed fully before the whole
couhtry,as well in the debates of Congress as in
the press, might find the Senate of the United
States prepared to act without further discussion;
but' since wc are advertised by the honorable
Senator from Virginia that such is not the case,
and that debate is necessary, and that even ex-
tended debate is to be had upon the subject, it is
very clear, there being only twelve or fourteen
days more of this session, that it is high time for
that debate to begin.
Mr. President, the question now is between
laying down the homestead bill and taking up in
its place the appropriation bills. The appropri-
ation bills?, like the homestead bill, must pass both
•Houscsof Congress. Thcappropnation bills have
already passed the House of Representative, and
they are sure to pass the Senate of the United
States. As has been well said, there never was
an occasion practically when an appropriation
bill failed to pass the Congress of the United States.
On the other hand, the homestead bill has been
before the Senate every session for the last eight
or ten years, and has always failed to pass; and
for the last four or five years has failed only be-
cause it was not taken up and pressed on the at-
tention of Congress at a period sufficiently early
to secure its passage through both HouSes.
The appropriation bills concern the business
to-day; they provide the means for carrying on
the administration of the Government for a single
year. The homestead bill settles indefinitely the
policy of the Government in legar.d to the public
lands. It is a measure of permanent importance
and interest. It is a business that concerns not
only to-day, but to-morrow, next year, fifty, and
a hundred years hence. The States of this Union
will be setded, and the resources of the United
States will be developed; the strength and power
and integrity of the Union will be established; the
force and vigor of the Republic will be perfected,
just as soon as the public lands, hitherto held for
the purpose chiefly of speculation by capitalists,
at the cost of the labor and industry of the coun-
try, shall be taken out of that market.
Mr. HUNTER. I must rise to know if it is
in order to discuss the merits of the bill on this
motion. If the Senator has a majority, he will-
have the bill up directly, when he can speak on
it; and I am afraid he has the majority with him.
« Mr. SEWARD. It is very unfortunate 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
be good enough to pause for a moment?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, in answer to the question of order, that the
usage since he has occupied the chair, has been
to indulge some latitude of debate on these simple
business questions. The Chair has been in doubt
under the vagAness of the rule, and the conflict-
ing usage thafflftas prevailed in the body, what
decision ought to be made, and does not like to
take the responsibility of overturning what seems
to have been the custom of the Senate. Undoubt-
edly, according to general parliamentary law, it
is not in order to discuss the merits of a question
upon a proposition to take it uj5".
Mr. SEWARD. There was in my mind, at
the time I was called to order by the honorable
Senator from Virginia, some two words, which
would have completed a sentence, and caused the
climax of the ajgument which I was addressing
to the Senate. Those words have gone from me.
I have no doubt that when the spirit of my re-
marks shall come before the public, they will be-
able to supply them.
Mr. WADE. In moving to take up this bill,
I was aware of all the difficulties that were before
it, and I knew that it would encounter opposition
in consequence of the measures that stand at the
head of it, and many of which are very necessary
to be passed; but if those measures to-day were
all out of the way, I should have no hope what-
ever of having a vote on this bill. Every Senator
knows full well that now is the day and now is
the hour; stand by this bill to the end now, or
give it up. It is because there is no time for that
unlimited debate that might be instituted upon
this bill, that I hope to-day to carry it through.
I know there are measures behind it that must be
passed this session; and because it is so, I hope
we shall be permitted to have an early vote on
this bill; and again I urge its friends not to talk
about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Virginia, to post-
pone this bill, and take up the appropriation bill.
INVlr. CHESNUT. I have paired off with Gen-
eral Shields.
The vote was taken; and resulted as follows:
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bates, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler,
Brown, Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Gieen,
Gwin, Hammond, Hunter, fverson, Johnson of Arkansas,
Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Reid, Sebastian,
^Hdell,Toombs, Ward, and Yulee—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Bright, Bioderiek, Chandler, Claik,
Collamer, Dixon, Doohttle, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kin?, Pugli, Rice, Seward, Simmons, Smith,
Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—28.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this question
the yeas are 28, the nays 28; the Senate being
equally divided, the Chair determines the ques-
tion in the affirmative.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
666) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1860; the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Pugh,
which is to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill down to the seventy-ninth line, inclu-
sive; as follows:
" That the following sum* be, and the same are hereby,
appropuated, out of any money in theTreasuiy not other-
wise appiopnated, for the object-? hereafter expressed, for
the fiscal year ondmgthe 30th of June, 18f>0, namely :
" For salaries of' envoys extraordinary, ministers, and
commissioner of the United State;> atGieat Ihitaiu, Fiance,
Iviis^ta, Prussia, Spain, Austria. Brazil, Mexico, China,
Chili, Peru, Portugal,Switzerland, Rome,Naples,Sardinia,
Belgium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Turkey, Buenos
Ayies, New Granada, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezuela, Gua-
temala, Nicaragua, Sandwich Islands, Co&ta Rica, Hon-
duras, Argentine Confederation, and Paiaguay, $214,000.
" For salaries of assistant seeietaries ol legation at Lon-
don and Paris, $3,000,
" For salary of the secretary of legation to China, acting
as interpreter, $5,000.
"For salaiy of the secretary oflegation to'Turkev, acting
as diagoman,$3,000.
" For contingent expenses of all the missions abroad,
$50,000.
"For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse, $60,000.
" For expenses of intercourse with the Barbaiy Poweis,
. $2,000.
'• For the iclief and protection of American seamen in
foieign countries, $150,000. ^
11 For expenses which may be incurred in acknowledging
the seivicea or the masteisand crews of foreign vessels in
rescuing eitizons of the United States from shipwreck,
$10,000 ; to be expended under the direction of the Pres-
ident of the United States.
" For the purchase of blank-books, stationeiy, arms of the
United States, seals, presses, flags, and lor the payment of
postages and miscellaneous expenses of the consuls of the
United States, $40,000.
" For office rent for those consuls general, consuls, and
