1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107*
commercial agents, who are not allowed to trade, including
iosin by exchange thereon, namely ; for office rent, §225370.
" For s-aiary of minister re.-ident at Japan, from the 19th
day of January, 1859, to the 30th of June next, $3,375.
" For salary of minister resident at Japan, .|7,5U0.
" For salaries of consuls general at Quebec, Calcutta,
1 Alexandria. Simoda, Havana, Constantinople, Franklbrt-
oii-the-Mam; consuls. at Liverpool, London, Melbourne,
Hong Kong, Glasgow, Mauritius, Singapore, Belfast, Cork,
Dundee, Demarara, Halifax, Kmgsion, (Jamaica,) Leeds,
Manchester, Nassau, (New Providence,) Southampton,
Turk's Ibland, Prince Edward's It-land, Havre, Pans, Mar-
seilles, Bordeaux, La Rochelle, Lyons, Moscow, Odessa,
lievel, St. Peter burgh, Matanzas, Trinidad de Cuba, San-
tiago de Cuba, San Juan, (Porto Rico,) Cadiz, Malaga,
Ponce, (Porto Rico,) Trieste, Vienna, Aix la-Chapelle,
Canton, Shanghae, Fouchou, Amoy, Nmgpo, Beirut,
Smyrna, Jerusalem, Rotterdam, Amsterdam, Antwerp,
Funehal, Oporto, Saint Thomas, Elsineur, Genoa, Basle,
Geneva, Medina, Naples, Palermo, Leip-nc, Munich, Leg-
horn, Stuttgardt, Bremen, Hamburg, Tangier?-, Tripoli,
Turns, Rio de Janeiro, Pernatnbuco, VeraCruz, Acapulco,
Callao, Valparaiso, Buenos Aj res, Sdii Juan dei Sur, Aspin-
wall, Panama, La^uayra, Honolulu, Lahama, Capetown,
Falkland Iblands, Venice,Stettin, Candm, C> prus, Batavia,
Fayal. Santiago, (Cape de Verdet-,) Saint Croix, Spezzia,
Athens, Zanzibar, Bahia, Maranham Island. Para, Rio
Grande, Matamoras, Mexico, (ciry,) Tampico, Pa-^o del
Norte, Tabasco, Paita, Tumbez, Talcahuano, Carthagena,
Sabamllo, Omoa, Guayaquil, Cobija, Montevideo, Tahiti,
Bay of Islands, Apia, Lanthala; commercial agents at San
Juan del l£orre, Port au Prince, San Domingo, (city,1) St.
Paul de Loando, (Angola.) Monrovia, Gaboon, Cape Hay-
tien, Aux Cd.ye^, and Amoor river, §-240,000.
" For interpreters to the consulates in China, $4,500."
And insert, in lieu thereof:
That the sum of thousand dollars be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated, out of any moneys m the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to enable the President of the
United States to maintain diplomatic intercourse with the
Governments ot other countries for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1860, the same to include the compensation of
&peeial ministers and assistants, appointed trom time to
time, as occasion may require : Provided, That every tuch
appointment, if made while the Senate is in session, shall
be accompanied by a message, explaining the necesMty or
reason thereof; and, if made during ■ recess, to continue
only until the adjournment of the Senate at its next session
thereafter.
Sec.2. Jind be itfuitker enacted, That the offices of Am-
bassador, envoy uxtiAordinary. minister plenipotentiary,
minister resident, commi-stoner, charge d'affanes secre-
tary and assistant secretary of legation, and all other diplo-
matic offices, except as authorized by the first section of
this act, together with the office of consul general, be, and
the same are heiehy, abolished.
Sec. 3. Jindbe it farther enacted, That m no case shall
any minister, appointed under The authority of this act, Wfe
allowed or paid a larger compensation than at the rate of
§10,000 per annum for the time of his actual employment
and service abioad, and a reasonable time forgoing to and
returning from the place of said employment and service;
nor shall there be allowed or paid for the service of any as-
sistant to such minister, whether as secretary, interpreter,
dragoman, or otherwise, a larger compensation than at the
rate of $3,000 per annum, for such time as aforesaid. 1
Sec. 4. Jlvut he it further enacted, That no consul, assist- j
ant consul, commeicial agent, vice or assistant commer- ;
cial agent, shall be allowed or paid any sum as compensa- :
tion from the Treasury ofthe (Jmted States; but every such
officer shail be entitled to retain the fees of his coi^uMnp
or agency to an amount equal to the salary thereof, as pre-
scribed by the act entitled u An act to regulate the diplomatic
and coii-siilar system of the United Slates," approved the
18th day of August, m the year 1856; the excess of all such
fees, if any, to be paid into the Treasury as now required by
law.
Sec. 5. Jindbe it further enacted, That the first, second,
fifth, sixth, ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, twenty-first.and
twenty-second sections of the act entitled '* An act to leg-
ulate the diplomatic and consular svs-tems of the United
States," approved the 18th day of August, in the year 18o6,
together with so much of the third, eighth, thirteenth, and ,
nineteenth sections thereof, as are inconsistent with this
act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 6. Jind be it fuither enacted, That the second and
subsequent sections of this'act shall take effect on the 1st i
day of July next. j
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, the present act,
passed on the 18th of August, 1856, fixes the
rate of compensation of the various missions.
The section is: \
u Be it enartedhvthe Senateand Houseof Representatives I
of the United States oj Jlmet ici in Coiiii ess assembled. That
embassadors, envoys eMiaurdiuar> ami minister* plenipo-
tentiary, ministers resident, commissioner, charges d'af- !
faires, and secretaries of legation, appointed to the eoun j
tries hereinafter named m schedule A, shall he entitled to j
compensation tor their scivices, re.-pcelively, at the rates ;
per annum heremalter specified: thai is to say. embassa- !
dors and envojs extraordinary ami ministers plenipoten-
tiary, the lull amount specified therefor in said schedule
A ; ministers resident and commissioners, seventy live per
centum, charges d'affaires, fitty per centum, and secre-
taries ot legation fifteen per centum, of the said amounts re- ,
sjiecnvely : Pujeidtd, That the compensation of tlx secre-
tary ofthe leuation to China, acting as interpreter, shall be 1
at the late of p:(.0!!0, and if not acting as such, at the late
of $3,000 ; aiuf that of the secretary ot legation to Turkey,
actsmr as dragoman, at tile rate of $3,000, and if not aemtg
as such, at tiie rote of s'.UiUO per annum." !
Xtni- follows schedule A: [
'• Schedule A.—Grelt i'iit.mi and France, each >'17.500.
'■ Russia. Spam, Austna, 1'iUsSia, Brazil, Mexico, and ;
Olunrt, each ^'1^,000. |
" All other countries, each $10,000.''
We live under an Administration that makes
great professions of retrenchment, and yet the
extraordinary increase in the salaries of our min-
lstersabroad,within thelasttwelve months, ought
to arrest the attention of Congress and of the coun-
try. Until the incoming of the present Admin-
istration, itquite sufficed us to have a minister to
China of the rank of commissioner, at a salary
of $9,000 per annum; but the President of the
United States has appointed a gentleman from
Pennsylvania to that office, and elevated him to
the rank of envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary, in order to give him $12,000 4
year. That is one case.
We got along well enough until within the last
few months, with a consul general at Japan, who
received a salary of $5,000. The President has
elevated him to the grade of minister resident, in
order to give htm $10,000. We got along well
enough until some time in October last, with a
1 minister resident at Austria, at a compensation
i of §9,000 a year; but all of a sudden another cit-
| izen of Pennsylvania wassentabroad to thatmis-
] sion, and was elevated to the rank of envoy ex-
I traordinary and minister plenipotentiary, at a
| compensation of $12,000 a year. Here are three
I offices, at a respective increase of their compensa-
\ tion, by the mere fiat of the President, of $3,000,
j $5,000, and $3,000 per annum.
, Now, sir, lf'it be that our legislation is of such
I a character that this expenditure can be put upon
us, annually, by the mere will of the President,
it is high time that this business was overhauled.
How many more cases might be selected, I do not
j know. I am not aware of anything that has trans-
pired in relation to these countries calling for such
an increase of the compensation of our ministers.
; I have heard of no rupture between us and Aus-
tria; I have heard of 110 complication of our diffi-
; cultius. I rather think it was trouble in the do-
mestic relations, instead of the foreign relations,
that brought about that increase of salary.
Mr. HALE I tried to explain that in execu-
tive session, but I failed; and I believe I did not
satisfy the Senator from Ohio. [Laughter.]
Mr. PUGti. In the earlier daysof the Repub-
lic, we did not need all this. Take this list of
officers. They remind one of that homely old
phrase in the Declaration of Independence, " a
swarm of public officers." Look at this bill:
"For salaries of envoys extraordinary, ministers, and
commissioners of the United States, at_ Great Britain,
France, Russia, Prussia, Spain, Austria, 'Brazil. Mexico,
China, Ctuh, Peru, Portugal, Switzerland, Kome, Naples.
Sardinia. Belgium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Turkey,
Buenos Ajres, New Granada, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezu-
ela, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Saudwieh Islands, Costa Rica,
Honduras, Argentine Contederation, and Paraguay" —
with all their suites of secretaries, and assistants,
and dragomans, and the Lord knows what besides.
Sir, in the time when we had a foreign policy
worth calling such, old James Monroe, God bless
his memory! was minister to five or six countries
at once. He did not have anything like the com-
pensatieft of any of these gentlemen, and he per-
formed lus duty ten times better than all of them
put together. It is an enormous abuse. It is
not to carry on our foreign intercourse. It is to
pension personal and political friends. I have
"very little expectation that my amendment to
strike all that out, and go back to tne precedents
of Washington's administration, of giving the
President a gross sum with which to conduct
the foreign intercouise, and requiring him, when-
ever he sends a particular officer abroad, to give
us the reason of it, will be adopted; and probably,
if I can perfect it in time, I shall simnly content
myself with a little reform, and shall propose,
hereafter, in lieu of the first section of my amend-
ment, to specify to what countries the President
shall send an envoy extraordinary, and to what
countries he shall send only a minister resident or
a commissioner. I have no idea of allowing the
President, at his own will and pleasure, to appoint
one man to honor and another to dishonor in this
way. I did not know the gentleman who was
formerly Minister to Austria. I believe he was a
citizen of Georgia. I had heard of him often, and
heard him spoken of in the very highest terms—
ill-. Jackson. I had heard a great many gentle-
men, some of whom, I believe, were with him at
college, speak of him as a gentleman of very ex-
traordinary attainments and abilities. He served 1
his country for four or five years, I believe, at a )
compensation of $9,000, as minister resident; but :
he resigned, or was removed, and a gentleman '
lately a member of the House succeeded him, and
his compensation put up to $12,000.
I shall endeavor to perfect the amendment so
that it will prescribe to what countries the Presi-
dent may send an envoy extraordinary, and to
what countries he may send a minister resident;
endeavoring, as far as I can with my limited
knowledge, to apportion them to the countries
with whom our intercourse is more important;
and I think that a great many of these missions
might be consolidated. I think there is 110 neces-
sity for a minister to Rome and to Naples both.
I think a minister at Rome might well perform
the duties of minister at Naples, or vice versa. I
think a minister at New Granada could well per-
form the duties of minister to the whole of the
Central American States. I think a minister to
Holland might perform the duties of a minister to
Belgium. I shall endeavor to group some of them
together.
But I propose now to speak of the other branch
I of my amendment, the consular system; and that
1 exceeds in iniquity, if possible, the other. It was
! said, in 1855, when we undertook to give the con-
: suls salaries, that we were going to save money;
, that it was cheaper for the Government. I do not
! know how that may have been under the act of
! 1855, but that act was not allowed to remain.
The act of 1856 was substituted, which increased
the salaries of the consuls; and now, for the first
time, at this session we have laid on our tables
! a statement of the enormous saving of the con-
j sular system of the United States. That act cre-
j ated, among other things, a number of officers
| called consuls general, and it is at the will of the
, President to appoint a man consul general, or con-
j sul, or vice consul, or commercial agent, or vice or
| assistant commeicial agent. He may rank the
; whole line, just as he ranks the diplomatic offi-
; cers, at his will. He has appointed a number of
i consuls general, and I propose to show the Sen-
' ate how much money we save by it.
j I have before me Senate Executive Document
j No. 20, Thirty-Fifth Congress, second session,
, the report of the Secretary of State, in relation
: to consular fees, made in compliance with the
i eighteenth section of the act of August 18, 1856.
■ Now listen. The consul general to British North
j America, Montreal,gets a compensation of $4,000;
! the fees paid into the Treasury last year, were
j $339 21. The consul general to Egypt, Alexan-
! dria, compensation $3,500; fees $100 57. The
j consul general to Japan, Simoda, compensation
| $5,000, fees $10 10. The consul general to Tur-
i key, Constantinople, compensation $3,000, fees,
S $423 49. The consul general to the Hanseatic
| and Free Cities, Frankfort on the Main, compen-
■ sation $3,000, fees $579 70. So much for the con-
I suls general—ex uno dice omnes. Now let us turn
i to consuls. There is some very interesting in-
formation in this document in regard to them.
The consul at Melbourne receives a salary of
$4,000; his fees paid into the Treasury last year,
were $972 76. The consul at Hong Kong, salary
$3,500, fees $659 09", at Mauritius, compensation
$2,500, fees $464 30; at Demarara, compensation
$2,000, fees $278 53; at Manchester, compensation
$2,000, fees $313 80: at Southampton, compensa-
tion $2,000, fees $342 18; at Turk's Island, com-
pensation $2,000, fees $34108;at Marseilles, com-
pensation $2,500, fees$1,528 55: thatfellow comes
the nearest of any of them. Consul at Lyons,
$1,500, fees $907; at La Rochelie, compensation
$1,500, fees $459 22; at Moscow, compensation
$2,000, fees none; Odessa, compensation $2,000,
fees $49 84; at Revel, compensation $2,000, fees
none;St. Petersburgh, compensation$2,000, fees
$221; Cadiz, compensation $1,500, fees $707 57;
Malaga, compensation $1,500, fees $620 85; Vi-
enna, compensation $1,500, fees $525 75; Aix la
Chape lie, compensation $2,500, fees $1,211 90;
Amoy, compensation $3,000, fees $20 87; Canton,
compensation $4,000, fees $49 50; Fouchou, com-
pensation $3,500, fees $300 94; Ningpo, com-
pensation $3,000, fees $2 31; Shanghae, compen-
sation $4,000, fees $1,562 87; Smyrna, compensa-
tion $2,000, fees $547 02; Jerusalem, compensa-
tion 81,500, fees $22; Beirut, compensation $2,000,
fees $9; Amsterdam, compensation $1,000, fees
$462 42; Rotterdam, compensation $2,000, fees
$857 16; Antwerp, compensation $2,500, fees
$1,591 53: Fuuchal, compensation $1,500, fees
$7450;Oporto,compensation$1,500,fees $153 95;
