1859.
a minister, and where he shall not, that it is trench-
mgupnn the executive power; and the President, 1
at his discretion, may disregard it, provided the
irjeans are afforded to compensate a minister, if
he chooses to do it. But I would again submit to '
tlie honorable Senator that it would be very in-
convementand unwise to lmve placed by the Con-,
stitution—and the Constitution alone could do it I
any iimit upon the executive power in reference -
to the foreign intercourse. There may be occa- !
sions—occasions have arisen where it became im-!
portantto the interests of the country that a func-
tionary of some kind should be sent abroad to a
foreign nation upon a mission so secret that the
Treasury should not know where the compensa-
tion went that paid it. If the President was re-.
quired, as the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator would require, whenever he sent a minister ■
abroad, to report to Con2ress, not only where he
had sent him, but why he had sent him,Senators
will see atonce how necessarily it must embarrass
the interests of the country in the arrangement of
the foreign intercourse.
I do not mean to make an extended speech on
the subject, but only to say, that I am glad to
find that the subject has attracted the attention of
the very able Senator from Ohio, and that in due
time, I hope, we shall have his assistance m re-
vising the consular system, and, if necessary, in
revising the diplomatic system, so far as the com-
pensation of the diplomatic corps is concerned.
I might properly be deemed arrogant, or cen-
sorious, if i did more than express an opinion,
with great deference to the executive power; I
mean the executive power known to the Consti-
tution; not the disnnguished citizen, who, from
time to time, may fill it; but I would say, with
great deference, to that power, seeing ps we have
seen, that in a course of years, the diplomatic in-
tercourse of the country has been extended far
beyond what it has seemed to me and to m^fcy
otheis, for whose judgment I have great respect,
was necessary fortheactual inteiests of the coun-
try; it may become prudent, it may become wise,
not to limit the discretion of the Executive in the
origination of foreign ministers by any direct in-
dication of what he shall do, and what he shall
not do; but by taking care to limit the fund ap-
propriated in such manner as to cut oft a great
many of the minor missions, which are now dis-
tributed throughout the whole European conti-
nent, and the whole Amencan continent; but that
can be done only, as 1 understand, by a limitation
of the appropriation. 1
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I have not paid '
very close attention to the reading of the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Ohio, and
therefore do not rise to discuss the merits of that
proposition; but if I understand the argument of
the honorable Senator from Virginia, 1 desire to
say something on that subject, lest a misappre-
hension might go abroad, that Congress does not
possess the power, either as a Congress, or that
the Senate by itself, hns not the power to limit
the action of the President m respect to the ap-
pointment of foreign ministers. I understand the
Senator to say (and I understood him to remark
the same thing at a former day) that the Presi- ,
dent has the right, exclusively, to send an em- ,
bassador or minister abroad wherever he chooses,
and that the only power Congress has over it is ■
to withhold the fund to pay him. Now, sir, 1 ;
must beg leave to differ with the honorable Sen- j
ator in that opinion. The Constitution of the ;
United States, as I understand it, does limit the ,
power of the President of the United States. He
does not possess the power to appoint an embas-
sador or minister without the consent of the Sen-
ate. In defining the Executive power, the Con-
stitution declares:
" He shall have power, by and with tfop advice ami con-
sent of the Senate, to make treaties. piovuled tsvo ihnd.- or'
the fcsoimtois jar-ent coihmh : and in- -had nomuiaiu and
b\ and with the adviee and ooh^ch ot tin- Senate. >!i.'ll j
appoint embassador?-,othei public minister.-, consul-, judges
oi the Supreme Cuuit," icc.
The language of the Constitution, it is to he
observed, is comprehensive, "embassadors, other
pubhcmiinsters, and consuls." Now, by a proper
course of reasoning, it seems to me that this is a
limitation of the power of the President. Giving
him the power to nominate, and, by and with the ■'
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint to an
office, is equivalent to saying that he can make
that appointment m no other way. I hold that:i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
no public minister abroad can be appointed by
the President, and that appointment continue,
without the consent of the Senate. Doubtless,
under another provision of the Constitution, he
may make a temporary appointment in the vaca-
tion which will hold good until the end of the suc-
ceeding session of the Senate; but no longer. The
power to appoint an embassador, other public
minister, or consul, which language, I say, seems
to me to comprehend all ministers abroad, is a
power to be exercised in conjunction with the
Senate, and not otherwise.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator indulge me a
moment ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. He certainly cannot have un-
derstood me to say that the President could ap-
point a foreign minister without the advice and
i consent of the Senate. That is the very com-
| mencement of the Constitution; it runs through
j the whole Constitution. All appointments of a i
• certain grade, not regulated by law, are to be !
, made by the advice and consent of the Senate, j
What I meant to say—I repeat it f-pr fear 1 did j
, notexpress myself with sufficient definiteness be- j
fore—was, that the executive power alone can .
. originate a mission, can determine to what point '
a minister shall be sent. Of course, except there J
; is a vacancy, he cannot appoint a minister with- 1
out the consent of the Senate, as conferring the j
trust, or the charge upon him; but what I meant -
to say, of course, only was, that he can originate j
it, can-determine where he will send a minister
and where he will not. tie cannot send him at I;
I all unless, when he makes a nomination, the Sen- |
ate concurs with him as to the man. The Senate,
of course, if it did not concur with him as to the >i
object of the mission, might refuse to concur in ;!
the appointment. But the purpose of the Consti- , 
tution was to leave to the President, as 1 believe, 'i
the appropriate duty of the Executive to determ-
me where ministers should be sent. The func- !
tion of the Senate is only to determine upon the ■;
man^thougii certainly ihey might extend their ;l
objecnon by refusing to appoint the man if they '
disapproved of the mission. What I meant to#
say, then, was, that the President alone is to do- j!
termtne where a minister shall bo sent and where
Mr. HUNTER. If he goes on now, with the
general understanding that we can take up the
appropriation bill afterwards, I have no objection.
Mr. SLIDELL. I shall object to any under-
standing of that sort. If the Cuba bill is taken
up. I shall press its discussion.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I cannot give way. ,
Mr. iMALLORX. I trust the Senator from Il-
linois will make his motion, and test the sense of
the Senate. I think it is due to the Senatorfrom
Michigan that he should have an opportunity to
go on.
Mr. TOOMBS. I suppose the Senator from
Michigan cares nothing about it, for 1 observed
that he himself voted just now to take up an-
other measure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was in the morning
hour, I believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rsu> in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Illinois to postpone the further con-
sideration of this bill, and take up the Cuba bill.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which, thereupon, received the signature of the
Vice President:
An act (H. R. No. 2) donating public lands to
the" several States and Territories, which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts;
An act (H. R. No. 458) for the relief of Evelina
Porter, widow of the late Commodore David Por-
ter, of the United States Navy;
An act (H. R. No. 522) for the relief of Wright
Fore;
An act (H. R. No. 669) for the relief of the
Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell a certain
plat of land in the city of Petersburg, Virginia,
belonging to the United States.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
he shall not be sent, and that it is not competent j sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 497)
to Congress or competent to the Senate to prompt
him by legislation, saying we will appropriate
. to such a place and will not appropriate to such
i a place, with a view to trammel what I think is
! the proper privilege of the Executive.
; Mr. STUART. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to ask the Senate,
if the Senator from Michigan will yield the floor,
to lay this bill aside, to allow his colleague, who
obtained the floor yesterday on the Cuba ques-
tion, and who has come here prepared to speak
on it to-day, to submit his remarks. It seems to
me that it is due to him that he should have the
opportunity. The floor was given to him yes-
terday^and he gave way, and came here to-day
expecting to submit his views on that question;
and without any design at all to postpone the ap-
propriation bill, I think it but just to him that he
should ha\e an opportunity to submit his re-
marks, and this bill can come up afterwards. I
make the motion that this bill be laid aside tem-
porarily, so as to allow the Senator from Michi-
gan to bp heard.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest that, as we
are on the appropriation bill, we had better go on
and finish it; and let the Senator from Michigan
speak to-morrow at one o'clock. All gentlemen
here have been postponed occasionally for a day,
when business came up unexpectedly. But for
the struggle in the morning hour to-day, we
should have probably gotten this bill out of the
way by one o'clock. I hope it will be equally
agreeable to him to speak to-morrow at one
o'clock. It is now nearly half past one, and I
think we should facilitate, the progress of business
by going on with this bill now. 1 hope it will be
quite agreeable to him to speak to-morrow.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am inclined to think this
will not be a protracted debate,and we shall prob-
ably get through with this bill by tw^o'clock;
and it would be much better to do it,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Senator
making appropriation to facilitate the acquisition
of the island of Cuba by negotiation.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, this is a
most extraordinary proposition to be presented to
the Congress of the United States, at this time.
With a Treasury bankrupt, and the Government
borrowing money to pay its daily expenses, and
no efficient remedy proposed for that state of
things; with your great national works m the
Northwest going to decay, and no money to re-
pair them; without harbors of refuge for your
commerce, and no money to erect them; with a
national debt of $70,000,000 which is increasing in
a time of profound peace at the rate of $30,000,000
per annum, the Senate of the United States is
startled by a proposition to borrow §30,000,000.
And for what, sir? To pay just claims against
this Government, which have been long deferred ?
No, sir; you have no money for any such pur-
pose as that. Is it to repair your national works
on the northwestern lakes, to repair your har-
bors, to rebuild your light-houses? No, sir;
you have no money for that. Is it to build a rail-
road to the Pacific, connecting the eastern and
western slopes of tins continent by bands of iron,
and opening up the vast interior of the continent
to settlement? No, sir; you say that is unconsti-
tutional. What, then, do you propose to do with
this $30,000,000? Is it to purchase the Island of
Cuba" No, sir; for you are already advised in
advance that Spam will not sell the island. More,
sir; you are advised in advance that she will take
a proposition for its purchase as a national insult,
to be rejected with scorn and contempt. The ac-
tion of her Cortes and of her Government, on
the reception of the President's message, proves
this beyond all controversy.
What, then, I ask again, do you propose to do
with this $30,000,000? I ask any friend of the
measure what he proposes to do with the money?
The question is absurd. There is no man, wo-
man, or child, who does not know for what pur-
from Michigan would prefer to go on now. Of pose this $30,000,000 is intended. It is a great
course, however,ho is subject to the order of the' ■' corruption fund for bribery, and for bribery only.
{Senate i' ^ a proposition worthy of its author; it is $
