1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
proposition worthy of the writer of the Ostend
manifesto; a proposition worthy of the brigand;
worthy of James Buchanan; but it is unworthy
of the Presiden t of the United States; it is a propo-
sition disgraceful to be made to the Congress of
the United States.
Again I ask, what do you propose to do with
the money? Is it intended that this grand'cor-
ruption fund shall be used in the purchase of
foreign ministers and ministers of State and high
Spanish officials? Is this what the friends of the
measure would have us believe it to be? Such,
possibly, a small portion of it may be intended
for; but, in my estimation, that portion will be
found to be infinitesimally small. There are
other, and, in the estimation of some, more im-
portant, objects to be attained by the use of this
money.
The Democratic party is damaged, badly dam-
aged at the North. Its principles are gone,and
even its occupation of public plunder is gone, for
there is nothing left to steal; your Treasury is
bankrupt, and there is no hope of replenishing it
before the presidential contest of 1860. In this
emergency something must be done for the Dem-
ocraiic party, and here is the proposition to do it.
A new issue is to be raised to call off the atten-
tion of the country from past extravagant expend-
itures and present bankruptcy. Cuba is to be
the cry in the next presidential election, and
$30,000,000 is to be the inducement to cry loud
and long. This is a mere dap-trap proposition to
go into the canvass of 1860; and the friends of this
measure have no more idea of purchasing Cuba
under it than I have of buying it on private ac-
count. They are to go before the country upon
this cry of Cuba, and upon it they hope to float
into power again in 1860. Vain, fallacious hope.
Forty Cubas and $300,000,000 as a bribery and
corruption fund, would not save the Democratic
party from that annihilation which the Almighty
has decreed.
But, sir, let us examine this proposition in its
practical effects upon our constituency. I propose
to take a practical view of it. I propose, before
we go into a speculation of this kind, to ascertain
whether it will pay. The computation which I
am about to present, was made before Oregon
was ad mi tied, which has one member of the House
of Representatives, and this fact would vary my
figures a few dollars; but a few dollars only. Of
this §30,000,000 bribery fund, each congressional
district will pay $127,11864. The State of Mich-
igan, under the present representation, according
to the census of 1850, having four members, will
pay $508,474 56. But the population of Michigan
has more than doubled since 1850,, and she is no w
entitled, according to her population, to eight
Representatives; and will, in 1860, be entitled to
eight, at a ratio of one hundred and twenty-five
thousand people to a Representative; so that her
presentproportion would be,according to a proper
apportionment, $1,016,949 12, the interest upon'
which, at six per cent, per annum, would be
$61,016 94. I name six percent., because if you
go into any such wild scheme as this, borrowing
money to buy islands, you will find your national
credit below par, according ft) the present rate of
interest; and I believe six per cent, is the lowest
rate at which you can borrow money if you con-
clude to go into this filibustering proposition for
the campaign of 1860. I say, then,-you propose
to mortgage my State of Michigan for §1,016,949,
and to compel her people to pay an annual tax of
$61,016. Before 1 vote this mortgage, and this
perpetual annual tax upon the people of Michi-
gan, 1 desire to consult my constituents; and after
I have consulted them, even if they should make
up their minds that this was a wise scheme, I
should tell them that upon that point 1 differ from
them.
But, sir, this is not all. You propose to author-
ize the President to purchase the Island of Cuba
for any price he may see fit. It is true the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] has offered an amend-
ment placing a limit on the price, but it has not
been adopted, and if it were I do not suppose it
would have any effect on the negotiation. What
would' President Buchanan care for $50,000,000,
more or less, to accomplish his darling scheme?
Give him this §30,000,000 to start with and he
will pay two hundred, or two hundred and fifty,
or any other number of millions that it may suit
his whim to pay. I care not for your limit—he
will not regard it. I will, however, take as the
basis of my calculation the lowest price named as
the sum "which Spain will consent to accept for
Cuba; to wit: $200,000,000. Two hundred mil-
lion seems to be considered, on all hands, as the
minimum price. What the maximum may be,
I know not. I take as the basis of my calcula-
tion the minimum of $200,000,000. If that be the
amount, each congressional district in the United
States would pay $847,454, and the State of Mich-
igan, as at present represented under the census
of 1850, would pay $3,389,816; but, as I have al-
ready stated, her population has more than doubled
since the last census, and is rapidly increasing, so
that her present proportion would be $6,779,632.
Upon this sum the annual perpetual interest would
be $406,777 92. I call it perpetual, for no sane man
believes that, if this debt be created, it will ever
be paid in the world. It is but the commencement
of an irredeemable debt. I say, then, you propose
to mortgage the State of Michigan for $6,779,632,
and to compel her to pay a perpetual annual tax of
$406,777 92.
Sir, beforsrf vote for any such scheme as that,
I want authority from home; and I advise the Sen-
ator from Ohio to listen to his constituents before
he votes for any such scheme. My word for it,
if he has not heard from them, he will in 1861.
Mr. PUGH. I will take care of my constitu-
ents; let the Senator take care of his own.
Mr. CHANDLER. The State of Ohio will
have to pay, ofthis purchase money, $17,896,534,
the peVpetual annual tax of which, on that State,
will be $1,073,791. Of the $30,000,000 appropria-
ted by this bill, Ohio will pay $2,669,478, the
annual interest on which, at six per cent., will be
$160,168. The Senator says he will take care of
that., I trust he will; and I can assure him that
if he does not, the people of Ohio will.
Now, let us admit for the sake of the argument,
that this proposition is brought forward in good
faith and will be successfully terminated, what
does the State of Michigan gain, what does the
State of.Ohio gain, what do any of the Mrth-
western States gam by the purchase of the Island
►of Cuba? I know something of Cuba, something
of its soil, something of its climate, something of
its people, their manners and customs, some-
thing of their religion, something of their crimes.
I spent a winter in the interior of the Island of
Cuba a few years since, and can therefore speak
from personal knowledge. I differ in my views
from the honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Benjamin.] My personal observation does not
accord with his theories. Much of the soil of the
island is rich and exceedingly productive; but it
is in no way comparable to the prairies and bot-
tom-lands of the Great West. Vou can go into
almost any of your Territories and select an equal
number of acres and you will have a more valu-
able State than you can possibly make out of
Cuba. You have hundreds of millions of acres
of land to which you can extinguish the Indian
title for a song, and obtain better lands and create
better States than you will ever make out of
Cuba.
The Island of Cuba contains nineteen million
: three hundred and fifty thousand acres, and you
| propose to pay for it $200,000,000; or in other
j words, you propose to pay for the Island of Cuba
! more than ten dollars an acre for every acre of
j land on it, and then you do not acquire an acre,
j You are selling infinitely better lands, and have
j millions upon millions of them, for $1 25; and
: yet you propose to tax the people of the.United
! States to pay ten dollars an acre for land that you
J do not get when you pay the money.
1 notice by the report of the honorable Senator
! from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell,] that Cuba con-
! tains, at this time, a population of one million
I nine thousand and sixty inhabitants, including
j negroes, old men, and small children. You pro-
! pose to pay nearly two hundred dollars a head for
! every man, woman, cluld,and negro on the island,
j and then you do not own one of them. You pro-
; pose to pay $200,000,000—for what? For the right
i to govern one million of the refuse of the earth.
I You propose to pay $200,000,000 to bring in a
! populatiip that you would reject with scorn if
: they were now to apply for admission into the
I Union, free of all expense.
: Do you think that proposition will pay ? Do
! you think it will commend itself to the people of
the Northwest? Do you think it will commend
itself to the people of this Union ? What do you
get after you pay your $200,000,000? You ac-
quire the right to build fortifications; to send an
army to Cuba;to govern it;to create a navy to pro-
tect it; to expend through all time, from twenty-
five to a hundred millions per annum, to take care
of it. That is all you get. Do you think it will
pay? But, as I said before, I know something
of the people of this island, and something of their
manners and customs.
The white population consists chiefly of Creoles,
or native-born Cubans. Of the slave population
I should think a large majority are native-born
Africans. The honorable Senator from Louis-
iana [Mr. Benjamin] spoke the other day of the ,
great mortality among the slaves of Cuba. If he
meant to apply his remarks on that point to the
Creole slaves, he made a vast mistake; for I never
in my life saw a more healthy set of persons than
the Creole slaves of Cuba. They are not half so
hard worked, they are better fed, they live longer
than the slaves of Louisiana; and they are not
as cruelly treated. This remark was made to me
over and over again, "Give me anything but a
Yankee master." They do not want an Amer-
ican master. He is energetic, he drives, hS works
his negroes; but the Creoles are so utterly indo-
lent themselves, that they allow their negroes to
do pretty much what they please. If the Senator
meant his remark to apply to the Africans, it
was, perhaps correct. At the time 3 was upon
the island, the mortality of the native Africans
was estimated thus: one fifth of all shipped from
the coast of Africa died upon the passage; one
fifth more committed suicide within the first year
after they were landed on the island; one fifth
more died the first year in the process of accli-
mation, because they were unaccustomed to toil,
unaccustomed to that mode of living. Conse-
quently, three fifths of the entne exportation from
th?coast of Africa were lost in one year from the
date of their exportation. Inregard to the remain-
ing two fifths, however, after becoming acclima-
ted, they live as long as Creole negroes. It will
be seen that three fifths being destroyed the first
year, in order to get an average of any length of
time, you must rate a long life to the rest, unless
you shorten the duration, perhaps to the time the
Senator mentioned; but the lives of the Creole
negroes are as long as those of any other people
in the world.
Now, as to the white population: they are ig-
norant, vicious, and priest-ridden. Prior to the
administration of General Tacon, there was not
a crime on the calendar which had not its fixed
value in the Island of Cuba. I had at one time
the tariff of crime there, but at the present moment
I only recollect a single item. The price of assas-
sination was two ounces of gold, or thirty-four
dollars a head ! You could have any man assas-
sinated for thirty-four dollars before the adminis-
tration of Tacon; and I was informed by many
old Cubans you could scarcely walk out in the
streets of Havana in the morning without finding
one or more dead bodies, the result of the last
night's assassinations and robberies. My own ex-
perience is, that thegibbetwas a common sight—
the gibbet, with the human skull rattling in the
wind, at the corner of four roads, or at some place
where a crime had been committed and the mur-
derer met his fate.
On the accession of Tacon to office, he in-
creased the army to twenty thousand men, and
did establishes the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Benjamin] said, an absolute military
despotism, which exists there to this day. But it
was not as the Senator said to prevent insurrec-
tion; it was to prevent crime, and that only; and
if that military despotism had not been estab-
lished, and had not been ruled with an iron hand,
Cuba would be to-day what it was before the ad-
ministration of Tacon. As I said before, the peo-
ple are ignorant and vicious. They will not labor,
and they will resort to any shifts of crime to ob-
tain subsistence. Bribery is universal, from the
Governor General, who receives two ounces of
gold per head for every slave landed on the island.
Let a slave trader land a single negro without
paying his two ounces of gold, that negro will be
wrested from him within three days. Two ounces
of gold per head is the regular established bribe
for every slave landed on the Island of Cuba, and
it is done as publicly as almost any other trans-
action there. I went into the barracoons at Ha-
