1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
vana, and saw eleven hundred slaves within three
days from the time of their landing there from
the coast of Africa. They were landed within
ten miles of the Moro Castle, and marched di-
rectly up to Havana, and placed in the barracoons
for sale publicly, under the very eye of the Gap-
tain General. Everybody was talking about it,
and the ship that brought them over, lay as qui-
etly in the harbor of Havana as any merchant
ship. If you had seen, as I did, those eleven
hundred miserable wretches, you would not be
surprised at the mortality among them. The
laws of Spain are to-day as severe against the
slave trade as those of the United States; never-
theless, slaves are continually imported there,
and it is done because the Captain General is
bribed. It is a well known fact, that every Cap-
tain General of Cuba acquires an immense for-
tune in two or three years, and it is from the
stave trade and that alone. From the judge on
the bench, from the priest in the pulpit, to the
lowest tide-waiter, bribery is the rule, and there
are no exceptions. You cannot remove the dead
body of your friend from the Island of Cuba with-
out bribing the priest, bribing the captain of the
Partero, bribing the judge, and bribing the cus-
tom-house officer, through whose hand it passes.
I know that, because I have had to pay the bribes.
Is not this a beautiful population to bring into
the Union as a State—a beautiful population to
take rank with the old States of this Union ? But,
sir, that is not all. The Catholic religion rules
supreme in the Island of Cuba; no other religion
is tolerated. Even the rites of a Christian burial
are denied to a Protestant upon that island. The
people are superstitious and vicious; and they are
bigots as well. They are devout Catholics. The
Catholic Church is true to Spain; the Catholic
Church is true to despotism; and the people
there, to a man, are true to the Church. If the
honorable Senator from Louisiana has seen hun-
dreds, or if he has seen one hundred, Cubans
who were panting for liberty, as he asserts, he
has seen every one that that island produced.
There are a few Creole Cubans, who have been
educated in the United States, that are intelligent,
that care nothing about their church, who are
anxious to get their hands into the Treasury.
They%re anxious for plunder; they are anxious
^or positions where they can receive bribes. True
patriotism does not exist on the Island of Cuba.
They love the very chains that bind them. They
love their church; they love this very military
despotism of which complaint is made. The
men of whom the Senator from Louisiana speaks,
are men the majority of whom have been ban-
ished from the island. Where was the declara-
tion of independence which he brought before us
written? Who wrote it? Where was it adopted ?
in my opinion, it was adopted in some tavern in
New Orleans. The people of Cuba never adopted
a declaration of independence. What was the
fate of the gallant Crittenden when he went to
Cuba to help to rescue them from oppression ?
What became of that young man and the fifty
associates who were with him, when they went
there with arms in their hands prepared to shed
their blood for the redemption of the Island of
Cuba? Where, then, were the patriots who were
thirsting for freedom? If there was one on the
island, he kept himself pretty well out of sight;
and that gallant young man, ten minutes before
he suffered death, wrote a letter to a friend m the
United States, saying: " I did not come here to
plunder; I came here in good faith to aid these
people in acquiring their freedom; I supposed
they were thirsting for liberty; but I have been
deceived. My time has come." In a postscript
he added: " I will die like a man."
Where were the liberty-thirsting Cubans then,
when as gallant a soul as ever lived on the face of
this earth went to his last account because he
sympathized with " gallant, suffering" Cubans?
Sir, the gallantry is not there. There is no such
thing as a love of liberty there. Do you want
these people in your Union ? Are you prepared
to pay $200,000,000 to bring such a set of crim-
inals into this Union? Do you propose to keep
an army of twenty thousand men in a climate
where they will be decimated every year, to gov-
ern that island? That is what Spain has to do,
and that is what you will have to do if you mean
to keep the people from cutting each other's
throats. You will have to keep up a navy there
to protect your possession, if you get it. You
must spend from fifteen to twenty million dollars
a year to govern the island; and in addition to
that, you piopose to place a perpetual annual tax
of *>12,000,000 upon the people of the United
States for the purchase. I ask Senators whether
they consider that a game that will pay?
Suppose you get the island: what will you do
with it? Your people cannot live there. The im-
pression has gone abroad that in the interior of
the Island of Cuba the climate is cool and healthy;
but such is not the fact. Tropical diseases al-
ways rage there at certain seasons of the year,
and the foreign population is usually decimated
every year. You cannot even sleep on a mat-
tress, during the winter, on that island. The
heat is so intense that you are obliged to forego
the luxury of a mattress, and sleep in a hammock
or upon canvas. Besides, there are certain other
luxuries that I wish to call to the attention of
northern men who may propose to go there. You
are compelled to sleep under mosquito bars all
the year round; and if you do not find scorpions
in your boots in the morning, you will be more
fortunate than I was. Lizards run about in every
direction; worms annoy you atevery turn. This
is a beautiful place to emigrate to I And yet you
propose to pay §200,000,000 for the island. In
my opinion, it is not a paying investment.
But, sir, as I said before, this bill is not to buy
the Island of Cuba, for you are advised in ad-
vance that you cannot get it. This is a mere elec-
tioneering scheme for 1860. It is to be one of the
planks in the Democratic platform in 1860; and 1
propose very briefly to review a certain other
plank which you have in that platform,as it has
only two left—this one is not yet in. You have
destroyed all your old platforms; they are utterly
annihilated. Even the Cincinnati platform of ten-
der years has ceased to be; and I am not sur-
prised that that platform has been destroyed.
There never was a sound plank in it. It said that
everything was left " perfectly free, subject to the
Constitution of the United States;" but the know-
ing Hies in that convention were perfectly aware
at that time that the Constitution of the United
States was virtually subverted by a decision which
the Supreme Court dared not then make, and
whose final enunciation depended upon the result
of that election. If President Buchanan had not
been elected, the Dred Scott decision would not
have been made. I propose now to spend a very
little time in examining this last new platform of
the Democratic party. The Supreme Court of the
United States was mere ful in its work of destruc-
tion. The Cincinnati platform was built precisely
as boys build cob-houses—to see who could first
knock them down; and the missile which the Su-
preme Court threw at the Cincinnati platform,
which destroyed it, and which will virtually over-
turn the Constitution of the United States when it
becomes the law; that very missile wasitsclfa Dem-
ocratic platform, which the Democratic leaders
made great haste to mount; and at the North they
found it large enough. There was but one plank
to it, but it\vould hold all the Democratic party
there. They had become mfinitesimally small and
few m number before that last new platform,and
are growing beautifully less day by day.
I insist that the Dred Scott decision—for it is
needless for me to say that it is to that I allude—
is the only Democratic p!®form that now exists;
and if any man throughout this broad land, who
holds a Government office of any_ value whatever,
doubts it, let him try the experiment. Let him
say that he does not consider the Dred Scott de-
cision the Democratic platform, does not consider
it binding on him, and, my word for it, he will be
shorter by a head within three days after the an-
nunciation. Sir, it is the Democratic platform; it
is |he party test. Any man who does not swear
allegiance to the Dred Scott decision is no Dem-
ocrat. I hold in my hand an exposition of that
decision, from a Democratic newspaper published
in the city of Washington, which I believe is uni-
versally admitted to be good Democratic author-
ity. It is more than that; the newspaper to which
I allude distills the pure essence, the very essen-
tial oil of Democracy. I allude to the Union
newspaper of this city, some of whose articlesare
understood to be written by the President of the
United States and to be supervised by his Cabi-
net, and to send forth the perfectly pure Demo-
cratic doctrine. I believe that when this pure
Democratic doctrine is seen, it will be offensive
not only to the people of the North, but of the
South likewise. But, sir, to the article. In the
; Union of November 17,1857, appeared a long ar-
ticle, prepared with great care, evidently intended
as a lasting exposition of the position of the Dem-
ocratic party. It says:
" Slaves were recognized as property m the British col-
onies of North America, by the Government of Great Brit-
ain, by the colonial laws, and by the Constitution of the
United States. Under these sanctions, vested rights have
accrued to the amount oisome §1,600,600,009. Xtia, there-
fore, the duty of Congress and the state Legislatures to
protect that property.
"The Constitution declares that£ the citizens of each State
shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of cit-
izens in the several States.3 Every citizen of one Stats
corning into another Slate, has, therefore,a right to the pro-
tection of his person, and that property which is recognized
as such by the Constitution of the United States; any law
of a State to the contrary, notwithstanding. So far from
any State having a right to deprive him of this property, it
is ita iKHinden duty to protect him in its possession.
" If these views are correct, (and we believe it would be
difficult to invalidate them,) it follows that all State laws,
whether organic or otherwise, which prohibit a citizen of
one State from settling in another, and bringing Ins slave
property with him, and most especially declaring it forfeited,
are direct violations of the original intention of a govern-
ment which, as before stated, is the protection of person
and property, and of the Constitution of the United States,
which recognizes property in slaves, and declares that' the
citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges
and immunities of citizens in the several States,' among the
most essential of which is the protection of persons and
property.
What is recognized as property by the Constitution of
the United States, by a provision which applies equally to
all the States, has an inalienable right to be protected in
all the States.*'
There you see the doctrine announced, that the
States are under obligation to protect slave prop-
erty, although it may be brought within their
limits with the intention of keeping it there. The
free States are compelled to protect slave property
within their limits, although it may be brought
there for the purpose of remaining, under the doc-
trine here laid down; and if the Dred Scott de-
cision be law, or if it be hereafter regarded as a
law, this reasoning is correct. If the Constitu-
tion of the United States carries slave property
one inch beyond the jurisdiction of the State law
creating or regulating it, it carries it everywhere;
for no person can " be deprived of life, liberty, or
property, without due process of law;'5 but we
deny, in toto, that the Constitution of the United
States does recognize or regulate or acknowledge
property in slaves.
In this connection, let me allude to a remark of
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson.] Some
days ago he told us what he would deem a suffi-
cient cause for a dissolution of this Union. That
I may not misrepresent him, I will read exactly
what he said. He declared:
" Sir, it is not so difficult a matter to dissolve this Union
as many believe. Let the Republican party of the North
ohtam possession of the Government, anil pass a Wilmot
proviso; or abolish slavery in the District of Columbia; or
lepeal the fugitive slave law; or reform the Supreme Court,
and annul the Dred Scott decision ; or do any oilier act in-
fringing upon the rights, impairing the equality, or wound-
ing the honor of the slave States; or let them elect a Presi-
dent upon the avowed declaration and principle that freedom
and slavery cannot exist together in the Union,and that one
or the other must give way, and be sacrificed to the other,
and the Union would be dissolved in six months."
Now, sir, I propose to do two or three things,
which the honorable Senator from Georgia de-
clares are good and sufficient reasons for dissolv-
ing this Union. I do not speak for the Republi-
can party; I speak for myself. I say I do propose
the reorganization of the Supreme Court. The
present organization of that court is monstrous.
Judge McLean has as many causes to try in his
circuit as have all the five slaveholdhig judges put
together. When he was appointed justice of that
circuit, it was a howling wilderness; now there are
a thousand millions of commerce within it. 1 hen
he could hold a court in every State in his circuit;
now lie cannot reach some of those States once in
five years. I propose to reorganize that court, so
as to make it conform to the business of the coun-
try. I propose that its judges shall be located
so that they can at least visit every State in the
district once or twice a year; and in order to do
that, the court must be reorganized. Three fourths
of the entire business of the courts of the United
States is at the North, where you have four judges
of the Supreme Court. One fourth of it is at the
South, where you have five. I propose to reor-
ganize that court; and, if the Senator from Geor-
gia were in his seat, I would ask him how he pro-
