THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. CJ
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1858.
New Sehies....No. 1.
Tins is the first number of the CoNGtiES<?ioNrAi^ r,OBE
for this session—the second of the Thirty-Fifth CfWgress.
It is stereotyped, and| therefore, the back numbers can be
supplied at any time. Missing numbers will be sent to
subscribers for three cents a number, containing sixteen
pages.
The price for the Congressional Globe and Appendix,
which includes all the laws passed during the session, is
$6 00 for a long session, and 6>3 00 for a short one. Tins
will be a short one. A long session commences on the first
Monday of December in an odd year; and a short session
commences on the first Monday of December in an even
year.
These works go free by mail to any post office in the
United States, by act of CorigtebS.
THIRTY-FIFTH CONGRESS.
SECOND SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 6, 1858.
The first Monday of December being the day
fixed by the Constitution for the annual meeting
of Congress, the Senate assembled in its Cham-
ber at the Capitol, in the City of Washington, at
twelve o'clock, m.
The VICE PRESIDENT (Hon. John C.
Breckinridge) called the Senate to order.
Prayer by the Rev. P. D. Gtirley, D. D.
The following Senators were present. From
the Slate of
Maine—Hon. Hannibal Hamlin and Hon.
William Pitt Fessenden.
JVeiu Hampshire—Hon. John P. Hale and Hon.
Daniel Clark.
Vermont—Hon. Solomon Foot and Hon. Ja-
cob Collamer.
Massachusetts—Hon. Henry Wilson.
Rhode Island—Hon. Philip Allen and Hon.
James F. Simmons.
Connecticut—Hon. La Fayette S. Foster and
lion. James Dixon.
New York—Hon. William II. Seward and
Hon. Preston Kmc.
JVete Jersey—Hon. John R. Thomson and Hon.
William Wright.
Pennsylvania—Hon. William Bigler and Hon.
Simon Cameron.
Maryland—Hon. James A. Pearce and Hon.
Anthony Kennedy.
Virginia—Hon. James M. Mason and Hon.
Robert M. T. Hunter.
JVorth Carolina—Hon. David S. Ried.
South Carolina—Hon. James H. Hammond.
Georgia—Hon. Alfred lverson.
.dlabama—Hon .Clement C. Clay, jr.,and Hon.
Benjamin Fitzpatnck.
Mississippi—-Hon. Albert G. Brown and Hon.
Jefferson Davis.
Louisiana—Hon. John Sbdell.
Tennessee—Hon. John Deil.
Kentucky—Hon. John B. Thompson.
Missomi—Hon. James S. Green and Hon.
Tiusten Polk.
Ohio—Hon. Benjamin F. Wade.
Indiana—Hon. Jesse D. Bright and Hon. Gra-
ham N. Fitch.
Michigan—Hon Charles E. Stuart and Hon.
Zachanah Chandler.
Illinois—Hon. Lyman Tiumbull.
M'nconsin—Hon. Charles Durkee and Hon.
James R. Uoolittle.
Iowa—Hon. George W. Jones and Hon. James
Harlan.
Minnesota—Hon. James Shields and Hon.
Hemy M. Rice. ^
Culifm niit—Tlon. William M. Gvvin and Hon.
David C. Broduick. (
The following Senators were absent:
Hon. Charles Sumner, of Massachusetts;
Hon. Jiulah P. Benjamin, ot Louisiana*,
Hon. S. 11. Matlory, of Florida;
Hon. Sam Houston, of Texas;
Hon. Stephen A. Douglas, of Illinois;
Hon. James A. Bayard, of Delaware;
Hon. Andrew Johnson, of Tennessee;
Hon. Robert W. Johnson, of Arkansas;
Hon. David L. Yuice, of Florida;
]
Hon. George E. Pugh, of Ohio;
Hon. Robert Toombs, of Georgia;
Hon. John J. Crittenden, of Kentucky; and
Hon. William K. Sebastian, of Arkansas.
NEW SENATORS.
Hon. Martin W. Bates, chosen by the Le-
gislature of Delaware a Senator from that State,
to fill a vacancy occasioned by the death of Hon.
John M. Clayton, for the term ending on the 3d
of March, 1859, took his seat after the oath pre-
scribed by law had been administered to him.
Mr. RETD presented the credentials of Hon.
Thomas L. Clingman', chosen by the Legislature
of North Carolina a Senator from that State, to
fill the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of
Hon. Asa Biggs, for the term ending on the 3d of
March, 1861; which were read, and the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Clingman, he took his seat in the Senate.
Mr. CLAY presented the credcntkils of Hon.
Matthias Ward, appointed by the Executive of
Texas, to £11, until the next meeting of the legis-
lature, the vacancy occasioned by the death of
the Hon. James-Pintkney Henderson; which
were read. The oath prescribed by law having
been administered to Mr. Ward, lie took his seat
in the Senate.
NOTIFICATION OF ORGANIZATION.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That tho Seoietary intern the TIou=<* of Rep-
resentatives that a quorum ot the innate has a--etnbied,
and that the Senate is ready to pioceed to bu
Mr. James C. Allex, Clerk of the House of
Representatives, soon afterwards_ appeared, and
delivered the following message:
Mr President: I am dnoeted hv tho IIou^c of Hepte
re^entauvos to infoun tin' Senate that a qtioiu'ii of the
House of Ueptesentanvfs have nn^weu-'l m their names,
and aie leady to proceed to biwiifs ;; <iNo, to i;no(m the-
Semite that the flmw; has appoint- d a rommitu'C to wait
on tiie I'je-ident of ihe CJnit< d j. a>id him ot
that laet. The committee on the p.mot ii'i> con-
pe-t's ot Mesfri?. Thomas B. Fr.Ofii.Nei'. ot Puius^lvanuu
John Siiliuxan, ot oiuo, and Lecius J. GAiuut-Li,, ut
Geo! sua.
Mr. ALLEN offered the following resolution;
winch was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolve.!, That a eotnrsift^e, con^i—inq; of three wm-
Ihm<. lie appointiM to jom Mich eonmnitre as may he a< -
pouiicd hv the H<->n<e o< IlepiesemauV'1- to w.ut on the
PioiJcht oi the Umtod State.-. amliMionri l"tn that a qno-
nun oi tMch f]ott-e lias U'd. and that Cui'iie^s is
ie<idy to luceive any eohitmnneation he iua> be pleased to
make.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Allen, Slidell, and Foor, the committee on the
part of the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN, from the joint committee ap-
pomrid to wait on the President of the United
1 States, and notify him of the oiganizafon of the
i two Houses, and their readiness to receive any
communication lie might lie pleased to make, re-
ported that they had performed the duty a.s^iun* d
to them, and received for answer that t'ie Presi-
dent would communicate with the two Houses m
writing.
HOUR OF SMELTING.
On motion of Mr. HALF*, it was
QiSeie.'. That tho dnily hour o<
be twelve oVioeiv. lis., uiiai w'.i.t-iw
pvriFic railroad.
Mr. G WIN. I wish to nutlie an inquiry on a
point of order. A. mo'ion \v ;s made uy theSen-
etoi from New Hampshire, [jvir. C lat.k.j during
the last, session. to n.emiMder the vote p^stpon-
, ing, until the first Monday cf Ders-mhei. the b;h
I authorizing the construction ot aJ/acike raiiroad:
and I wish to know whether th it motion to rc-
constdcr, wlueh stands on the Calendar, did not
die with the last session, and whether that bill
does not now come up m order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that at the close of the last session a res-
j olution was passed, continuing oil pending busi-
S nes^ over to this session. The morion to which
{ the Senator from California retire, v/^a motion
ni^Ui';; of the Senate
i eu.
to reconsider a vote by which the Seftate post-
poned a particular bill until to-day, and that time
has arrived.
Mr. GWIN. Then it is in order to call up that
bill, it having been postponed until to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
so.
Mr. GWIN. As we shall receive 4he Presi-
dent's message presently, I shall not now press
this subject; but I give notice that I shall call up
that bill to-morrow.
THE AMISTAD CASE.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there is a bill
upon the Calendar (S. No. 114) entitled "A bill
to indemnify the master and owners of the Span-'
ish schooner Amistad and her cargo." It was.
reported from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions at the last session, and 1 ask that it may be
taken up and made the special order of the day
for next Monday. It is a bill apparently of a pri-
vate character, but in truth it is a bill founded
upon a claim made by the Government of Spain,
upon this Government, and therefore, in my com-
prehension, not properly of the character of a pri-
vate claim.
Mr. SLIDELL. Before putting that question,
I desire to know whether the special orders of the
last session will not have the preference over any
special orders that may be made now ? With the
understanding that the Calendar will remain in
the order in which it stood at the last session, I
have no objection to this bill talcing its place as a
special order; otherwise I must object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The undisposed
of special orders of the last session remain on the
Cahndar as they stood at the adjournment.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to risk the honorable
Senator from Virginia if he will not consent to
modify his motion so as to set that subject for
consideration on Tuesday of next week? On
Monday I expect to be engaged in some other
matters, which will prevent me from attending to
this subject, if it shall then come up.
Mr. SLIDELL. As I understand the decision
of the Chair, although a special order may be
made in relation to the business suggested by the
Senator from Virginia, the prior special orders
| will take precedence of that order, unless the Sen-
; ate choose then to act upon this out of its order.
| Is not that the case >
: The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will call
the special oidevs m their order.
I Mr. SEIDELL. Then I have no objection,
j Mr. MASON. I am aware that th£ business
; of the Senate continues from session to session of
j each Congress, and of course the special orders
do, as a part of the business of the Senate. My
object in asking that this bill may be made the
special order for Monday next, is more to give
1 notice to the Senate that 1 shall ask leave then to
, call up that bill. I yield, of course, to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from New York that it be
made the special order for Tuesday, instead of
1 Monday. Being up, I will say to the Senate that
it seems to me, as a matter of comity between
Governments, tins claim should be considered and
finally passed upon. It he.o passed the Senate
, seveial times, but has not passed the House. I
, do not know, but my impression is, that It has
' occasi.n'tJiv p^sed the House, and not been
, refioned in the Sena to; but, be that a it may, 1
desire to have the subject voted upon as onp at-
fecun^ tiie honor and laith of the country. J ex-
pect, the icfore, to be prepared to give my views
, oil the subject, if no other special order for Tues-
day shall be ready. It really ought to have pre-
i ceJenee, and I hope the^Senate will indulge me
' then in calling up the bill.
i Mi.SEWAUD. I did not intend to assent that
' this mil should hare precedence over other spe-
' ci il orders by my own act. On the other hand,
'! I do not regard the bill esa meritorious one,and
i I see no reason why it ought to be pressed in
I preference to other business. If other Senators
II diii'erfrom me, they can have ittaken up on Mon-
;! day nest; but, at the same time, I suggest to the
