1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
impatience to find out; but it seems that there
has been nothing there; Austria has been peace-
able, wlulstsome other nations have not done
everythinggMfey should do; thare'is no complaint
of Austria.wft seems to me that the President,
by his utter silence in regard to what induced him
to act with such hot haste in reference to Austria,
leaves a fair inference that it was the change of
affairs here instead of in Austria that caused this
prompt and energetic administration of the exec-
utivefunctions, in sending a Minister to that coun-
try. Well, sir, I sympathize with the President
in regard to that matter. 1 admire the ready zeal
with which he stood hovering round the battle-
field of old Berks, catching up the wounded. I
had read, and the civilized woild had read of, and
admired the heroism, with which that noble
maiden from England, Florence Nightingale, had
gone to the Ciimean war, and seized upon the
•wounded, and with the plastic hand of woman's
affection, done what she could to relieve their
miseries and agonies. But, sir, we have a Flor-
ence Nightingale that shall divide the admiration
of the world, that has stood around the battle-
field, caught up the wounded, and hurried them
away to the hospitals of Austria to be nursed;
and he has not even let them stay upon the field
of their conflict to be met by the reproaches of
those who might exult over their fate. I leave
that, however. I concur with the President on
these two points.
But I ask the country and the Senate—those of
them who feel interested in it—to say why, if the
President thinks the country is at peace and
ought to be—why, if he desires peace, he has
dragged up this whole Kansas history and given
his version of it, when lie knew that the version-
which he gave of it was not what a very large
majority of the people of a majoiity of these
States think and believe to be the truth ? The
President has undertaken, too, to give a judicial
exposition of what the Supreme Court has de-
cided. He says that court has decided " that all '
American citizens have an equal right to take into j
the Territories whatever is held as property und^r j
the laws of any of the States, and to hold such J
property there under the guardianship of the Fed- j
oral Constitution so long as the territorial condi- j
tion shall remain." 1 do not know but that the !
Supreme Court of the United States may thus :
decide when such a question shall be presented; !
but it is news to me that they have decided it. I !
have seen nothing of that sort. The decision to
which the President refers is obnoxious to cen-
sure enough in my humble judgment, but I think
no member of that court will ever say they have
made such a decision as the President asserts. ]
Let me say here, once for all—for I had hoped
we were done with the Dred Scott decision—that ;
1 can tell the President, and whoever sees fit to
bring that decision before the Congress of the :
American people, and to challenge for it the re- ■
.spect which is due to a solemnly adjudicated de- 1
cision of that high tiibunal, that whenever they
do it, instead of commanding or eliciting respect
for the decision, they will only lessen the hold
which the tribunal making it has upon the public
confidence and the respect of the community.
Such I believe to be the opinion of a very large
majority of the people of that portion of the coun-
try in which I reside. It is a sentiment to which '
I am pledged; and I never fail, whenever I have
occasion to speak of it before my own constitu-
ents, or anybody else who does me the honor to
listen to me, to denounce it as a decision which
is not entitled to the lespect or the confidence of
the Republic, and one which will not command
the assent of the American people. The Presi-
dent may bring it in as often as he pleases, and
make as many asseverations concerning it as he
chooses, but he will utterly fail to bring it into
such a position as to command the respect of the
people. _ ;
There is another matter. The President says: .
" It w;^ the resistance to nditfnl authority and the per- ■
pt'veiiii!! attempts: to establish a u*volutionai\ government 1
ijndei thy Topt.-ka constitution. which oansed the people of
Kai)«as t<> commit the<rrave error of refusing to vole foi >
delcirate^ to the convention to fiame a constitution. under .
a law not denied to bis fan anil ju«>t m its provisions. Tins ,
ivIumI to vote has tu-eu ihe prolific s>ouico of all the owls
which have followed.
Now, sir, does not the President of the United
States know that the refusal to vote on the part? !
of these people, was not what he says it was; but ■
itwas because they had no opportunity if they did ^
vote, to have their votes fairly counted? Does I
the President undertake to say that the refusal of i
these men to vote was a resistance to rightful au- !
thority ? Does he not know that whenever there !
was anything approaching a fair opportunity for i
the people of that Territory to vote, they did so?:
Why, they improved the first opportunity; and I
the result of the first attempt of that people, when I
it could be fairly exercised, was a rebuke of him !
and of all his measures. And yet he undertakes I
to arraign the people who refused to vote, as being j
guilty of resistance to the Government! Well, 1
now, sir, it is very hard; if the people refuse to t
vote, it is rebellion in one place; and if they do \
vote, unless they vote as he sees fit to think they 1
ought to vote, they are submitted to a rebuke and
a reproach for it. No, sir, it is utterly futile in :
the President, and will be and must be so forever, ]
to undertake to throw the reproach of that state !
of things which for so longa time existed in Kan-
sas, upon the party there that contended from the j
&rst to the last simply for the right of suffrage,
and who, the moment they got the opportunity, '
exercised it to overthrow him and all his officers ,
he had sent there. j
The President says if they had voted, and Con- '
gress had admitted Kansas, everything would I
have been settled, and " popular sovereignty .
: would thus have been vindicated." On this ques- i
tion of what he terms popular sovereignty in Kan- !
sas, the President seems to confound a right !
which I have never heard denied, and which never
has been practically denied in this country— i
that is the right of the people, when they form a '
State constitution, to come into the Union with j
just exactly such a constitution as they see fit to '
form—with the system of measures which he was
undertaking to force upon the people of Kansas.
The President again, in his message, under- '
takes to iciterate what, I venture to say if he does
not know is not true, everybody else does, and
that is, that the great question of the right to in-
troduce slavery into the Territory was, as he says,
fairly submitted to that people; and because those
men refused to vote when it was thus fairly sub-
mitted to them, they were guilty of the crime of
treason, or of opposition to the Government—
treason, I think it has been called on many occa-
sions !
Now, sir, it is too late in the day to make any
such assertion, because the facts are too palpable
for anybody to contend before this country that
the people of Kansas ever had, under the sub- j
mission of the Lecompton constitution, the right :
to vote for or against slavery. Everybody knows ■
it. Upon the very face of the constitution, when
the form of a submission was gone through with,
it was so palpable that it could not be contended.
No man could have gone and voted for or against
that constitution, in the manner in which it was
submitted, without voting for the introduction ,
and the perpetuity of slavery; and the President, :
if he does not, ought to know that fact. 1
Sir, a great many of us are constantly and con- j
tinually reproached with an attempt to agitate
and to introduce these agitating questions into the '
discussions of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. We are represented as men who aie
continually standing in the way of peace and we
are denounced continually as agitators. Sir, what
have we seen here at this very session, at this '
vei y first meeting of Congress to-day? The very
first thing that was asked to be taken up out of
its ordinary course, was a question relating to
this very f abject of slavciy. It was not asked
by an anti-slavery man; it was not asked by one
of those whom the President would denounce as
enemies to the Constitution; but it was asked -
that Congress, at the very commencement of this
session, should take up a bill which presents the
slavery question in the most offensive form that
it has ever been presented in to the American
Senate or to the American Congress. We have
been asked, and we have agreed to do it to-day,
by a vote, to pass by all the other claims, pubhc
and private—the French spoliation claims, which
have been waiting for justice at your doors, held i
by your own citizcns, for more than half a cen- '
tury, are postponed—that you may take up out
of its order a bill which proposes to pay men for ■
slaves as they are called, whom the Supreme
Court of your own country have decided were not:
slaves, but were held against law and against i
right by the hand of force. They were liberated '
by the action of the Executfve under the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States; and
yet a bill to pay persons for illegally arid vlolently
holding those men, is the onlyorje that is decreed
worthy of the action of the American Congress
at its first sitting, so far as to take it up oxit'of iK?
order. There is nothing of agitation,IfcuptfoiiL
in all this. *
As I heard the President's message read, I
thought some light flashed upon my*mtnd in re-
gard to that motion; for the President, after going
on to recommend the acquisition pf Cuba for the
very pious purpose ofabolishing the slavetrade—
that is all he wants it for—comes to the Amistad
case, and says if we pass that bill, he thinks it
will have a favorable influence on our negotiations
with Spain; that is, we' can jjut them in good
temper by paying them for the illegal seizure and
holding of men that our courts have decided
were illegally held. If we put our bands into the
Federal Treasury, and violate our conscience By
paying these men for illegally and unlawfully
holding those Africans, it will put the Spanish
Government in such good humor that they-will
be more likely to listen favorably to our proposi-
tion for purchasing Cuba. I am opposed to the
Amistad bill, from beginning to end, all the way
through, and the more opposed to it when the
President tells us what he wants it passed for.
It is no pleasure to me, sir, to be obliged to
make these comments. They are made in a very
imperfect and desultory manner; but I think a
custom has grown up here which deserves to be
rebuked. I allude to the President undertaking,
under the privilege which is conferred upon him
by tlmConstnution to recommend such measures
as he may deem proper and to give information
of the state of the Union generally, to give a per-
verted, one-sided, and unfair history of the pre-
vious acts of this Government in regard to a mat-
ter which has already passed, and upon which,
as I understand the message, from the imperfect
reading I have been able to give it, he recom-
mends no measure at the present time. There is
nothing that he recommends us to do in regard to
Kansas. He says it is all very well there; not
quite so well however as it would have been if
you had let him have his way; but still it is so
well that he recommends no measure to be taken
in regard to it at all. Why, then, the necessity of
devoting two columns of this very long message to
a recitation of transactions which have long since
passed; a recitation given in a manner and in a
spirit which he knows could not, even in its reci-
tals of fact, to say nothing of the deductions and
conclusions he draws from it, command the as-
sent of a very large portion of the American peo-
ple. Sir, if the President wants peace, and if
those with whom he labors want peace, why does
he not begin himself; and why does he, in this
manner, at the very outset of this session of Con-
gress, throw this question before us and challenge
us either to speak out, or to be silent and submit
to the imputations which he would make, and the
misstatements of fact with winch, in iny hum-
ble judgment, the message abounds upon this
matter ? If he wants peace, why does he do that,
and then put us in the alternative of either by
silence admitting that they are true, or else pro-
testing that they aie not true, and thereby sub-
jecting ourselves to the charge of being agita-
tors ?
I have no particular objection to as many of
the message and documents being printed as you
please, though I am not willing to vote for it my-
self. I am willing to have it printed; but I shall
not vote for printing any extraordinary number
of the message, because 1 desire not only by what
I say, but what I do, to withhold any expression
of approval from the message as it has been sub-
mitted to us. There are very many other things
in this message on which 1 would comment, but
i do not wish at this time to weary the patience
of the Senate, and I leave it as it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present con-
sideration of this motion requires unanimous con-
sent; but if it be the pleasure of the Senate, the
Chair wiil put the question
JVIr. FESSENDEN. Does the motion include
all the documents which accompany the message ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood it so.
Mr. GWIN, The latter portion of it—that in
