1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
annexation of it to the United States would be
hailed by the entire people with the most enthtr- :
siastic rejoicings. Sir, are the inhabitants of Cuba
insensible to exactions and burdens and oppres-
sions, such as no people ever before groaned under?
Ilave they no desire for relief—no aspiration for '
freedom? Are they content to be ground down
by the heel of Spanish tyranny in all time to come, ,
as they have been for years past, subject to mar- i
tial law, and treated as a besieging conqueror does
an invested and starving population? ,
But, Mr. President, the nonorable Senator from |
New York concedes that Cuba must ultimately :
be annexed to the United United States by the I
force of a political gravitation, as irresistible and .
as certain as the physical. If so, it must be either :
by purchase, or by voluntary surrender, or by the ;
conquest of war. A voluntary su rrender of the
island to us by Spain without any equivalent, is
not expected by the Senator from New York. 1 ,
apprehend that that is a sentiment that none of
us can entertain, or an event that we can believe 1
at all practical in the future, for the Senator says,
and truly says, that Spain holds Cuba with a
firmer grasp now than she lias ever done for fifty ,
years past, and is aided in doing so, by the com- ;
bined power of England and France.
Then there is only one of the other two modes
left—purchase or conquest.
If by purchase, it is evident at the first glance, ;
that the price to be paid will never be less than at
the present moment. On the contrary, the prob-
abilities are that it will be constantly and greatly .
enhanced. If by war, we all know that that mode j
will be infinitely more costly than any purchase 1
can by any possibility be, to say nothing of the
other direful evils that must result from the con- .
flict, to Spain and even to Cuba herself. Besides,
sir, our policy is not the conquests of war. It
always has been, and 1 trust always will be, our
policy to make our conquests of territory, as well
as of everything else, the conquests of peace. ,
3. The third inquiry is, are we able to pay the ,
price ? i
Who doubts the ability of this great nation? I
ask emphatically, who doubts it? In 1803, when
in our national infancy, within the first fourteen ■
years after the establishment of our Government,
we were able to purchase Louisiana, a domain ;
far more princely than the Island of Cuba, and :
about equal, at that time, to all the other domain '
of the G-overnrnent. Are we less able to make i
the purchase now ? Since then, we have acquired :
Florida from Spain, and immense tracts of coun- |
try from Mexico—Louisiana, Florida, New Mex- :
ico and California—all oncethe property of Spam. !
Have these vast regions, sufficient in themselves ,
for an empire, diminished our resources ? On the i
contrary, I ought rather to ask to what boundless
extent have they not augmented them ? Sir, how-
ever large may be the financial demands of this ;
measure, the ability of this country is far more |
than equal to them; and Cuba is a prize not to be
compared with them. l£et this was one of the
two points of objection made by the Senator from
New York, when this bill was reported to the '
Senate from the Committee on Foreign Relations.
It has been dwelt on since by other Senators, and :
has been insisted on this morning. i
But I call attention particularly to the grounds (
upon which it was placed by the honorable Sen- ,
ator from New York. The Senator said that the
bill presented two aspects, a financial and a polit- ,
ical one. And he objected to it, first, for ita finan- :
cial aspect. In order to ground this objection, he ;
made some mostexaggerated assumptions. These
assumptions aie as follows:
First assumption. He assumed first, without
any warrant, that the President, under this bill,
would pay the price of $23O,U0O,OOO to Spain for
the Island of Cuba. Because it would be possible
for the President to pay that sum, he assumes that
it is certain that that sum will be paid. And this
is his only ground for nominating $250,000,000
as the price, and setting that down as an item of
the public debt, which he figures up to frighten
us out of our propriety " on this question. I deny
that it is any authority at all fur the Senator's
position. Tnat sum stands as a mere naked
assumption.
Second assumption. Next, he states that we
were then proposing to build a railroad to the Pa-
cific; and, upon no other ground, he forthwith
assumes that we have an indebtedness upon us
for this purpose, of $125,000,000 more. But it j
has already been shown by the result, by theae-
tion of the Senate, that we shall have no such
indebtedness upon us.
Third assumption. In the third place, he as-
sumed that because the President, in his annual
message, recommended the throwing into the
States of Chihuahua and Sonora troops enough
to afford protection to our citizens against Indian
depredations and outrages, we, therefore, have
taken upon us an indebtedness of $100,000,000
more from this cause. In the first place, even if
the suggestion of the President should be car-
ried out, it would cost nothing like the sum as-
sumed by the honorable Senator; and in the next
place, the suggestion is not likely to be carried
out. It has not even been proposed, to my
knowledge, in either branch of Congress. The
$100,000,000, therefore, on this score, stands as an
assumption merely.
Fourth assumption. In the fourth place, be-
cause the President suggests the propriety of
granting him authority to employ the Army and
Navy to resist the outrageous aggressions that are
constantly being perpetrated upon the citizens of
the Umied States, not only in regard to their prop-
erty, but their persons, by the Spanish American
States, he assumes that we are onerated with an
indebtedness of $100,000,000 more from this
cause.
Now, sir, I, for one, am very willing to incur any
amount of reasonable indebtedness for the pur-
pose of giving projection to our citizens in those
Central American States. I was very glad when
the bill reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations upon this subject, to which the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] called the at-
tention of the Senate in his remarks a few days
since, which bill proposed to give power only to
resist forcible aggressions upon the persons of our
citizens, that you, sir, (Mr. Benjamin in the
chair,) offered as a substitute another bill, which
proposed to give immunity and security to the
citizens of the United States on the territory of
those Central American Republics against aggres-
sions upon their propeity. Why, sir, we are told
that when similar aggressions arc made upon the
citizens of any other country in any of the ports
on the Gulf, as at Tampico, for instance, if a Brit-
ish citizen is robbed, or if a Frenchman is deprived
of his goods, a British man-of-war, or a French
armed vessel lying m the harbor, the commander
demands immediate restitution, or the town will
be battered down, and restitution is made; but if
an American citizen is robbed, the commanderof
an armed vessel of the United States that lies there
may say that redress is demanded and must be
made, or else an appeal will be made to the author-
ities at Washington; and it may be that years
after Congress may give authority (as this Con-
gress did at its last session in the case of Para-
guay) to demand redress, when it ought to have
been given on the spot to the man who was robbed.
But we have done nothing, and I say that this
assumption is just as groundless as any of the
others to which 1 have referred. And so his in-
debtedness of $500,000,000, conjuied up by the
honoiable Senator, rests upon no better basis than
mere assumptions—assumptions not only unwar-
ranted by the facts, but contradicted by them.
His objection, therefore, to the bill, because of the
financial aspect it presents* must fail of effect.
But the Senator from Vermont objects because
we ha ve not got the amount of moneyrequisite now
in the Treasury. Sir, if this objection be valid,
we shall never purchase Cuba; tor we will never
have the money m the Treasury at any one time
sufficient to do it. There has never been, and
never will be, any large sum of money lying idle
in* the Treasury, so long as this Government
shall continue to be administered in the spirit and
sense of the Constitution.
Mr. President, I ought not to pass from this
point without remarking, that the argument in
opposition to the bill seems to me to be completely
"J<>lo dese." In one part of it, it is said that we
ought not to pass this bill because it will entail
upon us an immediate debt of $30,000,000, and a
prospective one ofjj(lferhaps, yJUO.000,000', or, as
has been stated this morning, of >250,000,000. In
another part, it is said that it wiil^ be impossible
for us to make the purchase. Now, sir, if we
cannot make the purchase, we cannot incur the
debt.
The objections to the measure on-account of its
political aspect are: first, it trusts the President
with too large a sum of money. Sir, I am per-
fectly willingto trust the Presidentwith the money.
For one, 1 do not distrust his honesty. 1 am sure
that if the amount &e used at all, it will be well
and lawfully used for the accomplishment of the
very object for which it shall be placed in his
hands. 1 am just as ready to put the amount into
his hands, to be paid for the purposes of the treaty,
when ratified by Spain, anu before it shall be rat-
ified by the United States, as I would be to put it
into his hands after the treaty shall be ratified by
the United States. We must trust him in either
case.
But, sir, the measure is not without precedent;
the same thing was done in 1847, in the case of
President Polk', to enable him, by treaty, to ac-
quire territory from Mexico; and also in 1803, in
the case of Mr. Jefferson, to enable him to pur-
chase Louisiana. And, in the language of the
committee which reported this last measure, (An-
nals of Congress, 1803,) "a similar course was
pursued for the purpose of settling our difficulties
with the Regency of Algiers, by an appropriation
of §1,000,000 prior to the commencement of the
negotiation." ^
The Louisiana case was much stronger than
the measure now proposed. For a#iough it was
understood that the money was put into Mr. Jef-
ferson's hands to purchase Louisiana, yet the
purpose is not expressed in the act of Congress,
but the money was intrusted to him as a part of
the foreign intercourse fund and without indicat-
ing the object to which it was to be applied.
We propose, then, to acquire Cuba by this
measure, after the same manner of procedure in
which we acquired territory from Mexico,and in
a way less liable to the objection urged by the
Opposition than that by which our patriotic pred-
ecessors purchased the immense domain of Lou-
isiana.
Our present patriotic Presidentisjustas worthy
of being trusted in this case as were Mr. Jeffer-
son and Mr. Polk in the cases parallel to the pres-
ent. Our predecessors trusted them, and I am just
as willing to trust Mr. Buchanan.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] a few days since spoke of the purchase of
Louisiana as an exceptional case, and dwelt on
the circumstances of it. Sir, w^ have purchased
territory from but three nations—France, Spain,
and Mexico. In two of the three—in the pur-
chase from Mexico and from France—we have
taken, in this respect, exactly the same steps that
are proposed by this bill. I's&y, therefore, that
the case of the purchase of Florida, which was
the only one in which the money was not put
into the hands of the President in advance, is an
exceptional one, and that the other two constitute
the rule. In this bill, we follow the rule estab-
lished by the majority of the instances of pur-
chase.
Again, it is objected to the political aspect of
the measure, that Cuba has a population of some
twelve or fifteen hundred thousand, about one
half of whom are whites; and of the other half,
about two parts are slaves, and one part free blacks;
and it is said we ought to know beforehand what
is to be the status of the white population: what
the status of the free colored inhabitants; what the
status of the slaves; what are to be the institu-
tions of justice and religion.
Mr. President, this is no objection to the par-
ticular mode of purchase now proposed. It is an
objection against purchasing Cuba by treaty at
all. For, in any and every case of purchase, the
j treaty must settle these questions to just exactly
I the same extent as it will if the measure under
I discussion be adopted. The objection is just as
j strong, just the same in all respects against a
! treaty upon which no payment cf money shall
I be made in advance of its ratification by the Sen-
i ate, as it is to the one contemplated by this bill.
| The Senator from New Yoik also says: " To-
1 day England and France are not only allies, but
! they areunited in the policy of maintaining Spam
' in the enjoyment of the Islands of Cuba and Porto
; Rico." Sir, if we wish to purchase, and Spain
is willing to sell, it is a matter that England ami
! Prance have nothing to do with, it is none of
I their business; and so far as a threat is implied of
| their combined intervention, it has no terrois for
I me. It will have no terrors for the people of the
