6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
will n6ed the use of it, and cannot use it until it
is bound.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
APPOINTMENT OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the Speaker be authorized to appoint the stand-
ing committees for the present session.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the committee ap-
pointed on the puit of the House, to join with a
similar committee on the part of the Senate, to
wait upon the President of the United States,
and inform him that quorums of both Houses of
Congress were in session, reported that the joint
committee had performed that duty, and that
the President had directed him to inform the
House that he would immediately communicate a
message in writing.
president's annual message.
The annual message of the President of the
United States, with the accompanying docu-
ments, were received through Mr. J. B. Henry,
his Private Secretary.
The message was read. [It will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
message and accompanying documents be referred
to the Committee of the VV hole on the state of the [
Union, and be printed; and upon that motion I 1
demand the previous question. j
Mr. MORGAN. 1 would suggest to the gen- ;
tieman from Missouri whether it would not be ;
best to refer it to the Committer1 on Mileage? i
Mr. CRAWFORD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Mtssouri that he should so mod-
ify his motion as to provide that copies should
also be printed for the use of each member. j
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. 'I will withdraw
the demand for the previous question, and sub-
mit, in addition to my motion, that one copy of
the message and the reports of the Secretaries and :
Postmastei General, be printed for the use of each
member. That corresponds with the order and
action wo took at the last session. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would remind the gen-
tleman from Missouri that at the last session we
ordered two hundred additional copies for the
heads of the different Departments.
. Mr. PHELPS. That properly comes in when
we order the printing of extra copies.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question, ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof, the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that there be printed
the usual extra number—twenty thousand, I be- I
heve—of the message and accompanying docu-
ments, in order that the motion may go to the ;
Committee on Printing. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rule does not .
require that it shall go to the Committee on Print-
ing.
The SPEAKER. The law does. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does it not except
such a motion as this?
The SPEAKER. Thelaw,passed subsequent-
ly to the adoption of the rule, provides abso-
lutely for the reference of such motions to the
Committee on Printing.
The motion was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved* That two hundred additional copies of the Pies-
iilent's mcfesage and uccompan} ins documents be printed
Jor uie use of each of the fcVcietuue  of State, Tiea-my, In-
terior, War, and Navy Departments; the Attorney General,
and tbc Postmaster Gcneial.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
REPORT ON THE FINANCES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual reptfrt of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury on the state of the finances.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that that
report be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move, also, that
fifteen thousand extra copies be printed; and that
one thousand extra copies be printed for the use
of the Treasury Department.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing, under the rule.
And then, on motion of Mr.WASHBURNE,of
Illinois, (at four o'clock,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 7, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. P. D. Guhley, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. James A. Bayard, of Delaware, appeared
to-day.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate reports of the Court of Claims made in pur-
suance of law, adverse to the claim of Thomas
C. Nye; the claim of Mary E. D. Bluney, admin-
istratrix of George Blaney, deceased; the claim
of Alexander M. Cumming; the claim of Isaac
S. Bowman and George Brinker, surviving exec-
utors of Isaac Bowman, deceased; and the claim
, of the State of Alabama for interest on the dc-
i ferred payment of an amount alleged to be due
under the compact for the admission of the State
j of Alabama into the Union.
I Also, reports of the Court of Claims in favor
I of the claims of Nancy M. Johnson, administra-
trix of Walter R. Johnson, deceased; and Emilie
G. Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Jones, d<-
! ceased; the claim of Thomas Allen, and the claim
, of John Peebles; accompanicd by the following
1 bills:
j A bill for the relief of Nancy M. Johnson, nd-
' ministrntrix of Walter R. Johnson, deceased;
i A bill for the relief of Emehe G. Jones, exec-
utrix of Thomas P. Jones;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Allen; and
A bill for the relief of John Peebles.
ASSISTANT DOORKEEPER.
Mr. ALLEN. I offer the following resolution:
Resoh cil, That the Senate, on to morrow at one o'clock,
wd! proceed to the election of un assistant dooikeeper in
the place of mi. Holland, deceased.
Mr. CLAY. I hope that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day, it will be to meet on the day after
to-morrow; and, therefore, I move to amend the
resolution by striking out" to-morrow,"and in-
serting "Thursday."
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion as amended was adopted.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, are petitions
in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it has been the habit before the appointment of
committees, to receive petitions, and let them he
on the table until the committees are appointed.
Mr. SHIELDS. I beg leave, then, to offer the
petition of one of my constituents, George Eitcl-
lriann, praying for a pension; and as it is a peculiar
case, I would ask leave to call the attention of the
honorable chairman of that committee to some of
the facts in the petition.
The petitioner states that he was in the employ
of the Indian department at a post in Minnesota,
used as a station for the Sisseton and Wakpeton
Sioux, at the Yellow Medicine river; and while
thus m the employ of that department, he was
required to proceed, in February, 1857, to an In-
dian post called the Sioux Agency. He had charge
of oxen. On his return with provisions to the
post, he was overtaken in one of those terrible
>'now storms that sometimes occur there, in which
he lost his sleigh and his oxen, and he himself
came very near losing his life. When a party
reached the place where he was found, he was
senseless, and upon being carried to the post, the
clothing had actually frozen into his boay. The
unfortunate result of this was, that he has lost the
right limb, he has lost the left foot, he has lost
part of the fingers and thumb of his right hand,
and, though a young man in tile prime of life, he
is disabled, for the remainder of his days, from
gaining a livelihood. I beg leave, sir, as the Sen-
ate is not much occupied at present, to state that
this is a case which, although it has not occurred
in the military servicc,has occurred in the ser-
vice of the Government, and is one of those pe-
culiar cases for which there is no remedy pro-
vided by law. A young man, in the employ of
the Indian department, in the prime of life, is now
in the streets of this city, a perfect wreck, and
wholly unable to gain a livelihood for the residue
of his life. I do not know what disposition to
make of a petition of this kind, except to refer it
to the Committee on Pensions; and being an ex-
ceptional case, it strikes me that it appeals to the
sense of justice and humanity of the committee
and o^ the Senate. The facts are all well authen-
ticated. At the suggestion of the former chair-
man of the Comfnittee on Pensions, [Mr. Jones,]
I move that it be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table for the present.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the papers of Henry
M. Rice, a claimant for duties paid at Eastport,
Maine, during the last war, be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate for the purpose of being
used in the Court of Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that there was a general resolution at the
last session referring all those cases to the Couit
of Claims.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know how that mat-
tC The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection , however, the order will be made as desired
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
It was so ordered.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to appropriate one
million acies of public lands for the support of
public schools in the District of Columbia.
Mr. CAMERON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill allowing a pension
to the widow of Geneial Persifer F. Smith.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill granting apension to
Mrs. Myra Clark Gaines, widow of General Ed-
mund P. Gaines.
BINDING OF ESTIMATES.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Secretary be di-
rected to procure the binding of the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, which has been laid
on our tables to-day, communicating estimates of
appropriations for the next fiscal year. It is a
volume which we want to use very much, but we
cannot use it in its present form. I propose the
sanle order which was made last year—the bind-
ing of one copy for each Senator.
The motion was agieed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO THURSDAY.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered. That when the Senate adjourns to-day, itbeto
meet on Thursday next.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GWIN. I gave notico yesterday that I
should call up the Pacific railroad bill to-day at
one o'clock. I believe there is no business before
the Senate now, and, though the morning hour
has not yet expired, if no other motion be made,
I wish to make that motion.
Mr. PEARCE. Since yesterday ithas occurred
to me that one of the joint rules of the two
Houses of Congress then escaped the attention of
the Senate, as it certainly did mine. I allude to
the 21st joint rule. You will recollect, sir, that
prior to the passnge of that rule, 'all business
pending in either House at the close of any ses-
sion, fell with the session; and to renew such
matters, it was necessary to begin de novo. By the
21st joint rule, however, it is provided that after
the first six days of a second or subsequent ses-
sion of any Congress, the business pending on
the Calendars of the respective Houses at the
preceding session of the same Congress, shall be
taken up and proceeded with as if the bodies had
not adjourned. It seems to me that that rule
excludes the idea of taking up business which
was pending at the last session, during the first
six days of this session. Whether that rule was
violated yesterday by taking up, on the motion
of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] a
bill for the purpose of making it a special order,
I do not know. I think, however, that it is well
