8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
military reserve at Fort Gratiot, in the State of
Michigan, for railroad purposes.
Mr. COBB. I'am satisfied that that bill prop-
erly belongs to the Committee on Public Lands.
I know that it has heretofore had the considera-
tion of that character of bills. But I am careless
to what committee it may be referred. Certain it
is that the Committee on Public Lands has, and
will have, before it as much business as it can pos-
sibly take care of. I withdraw my motion.
Thequestion then recurred on the motion to re-
fer to the Committee on Military Affairs; which
was agreed to.
senate bills referred,.
The Speaker laid before the House the follow-
ing Senate bills and resolutions; which were sever-
ally read a first and second time, and referred as
indicated below:
Resolution (No. 26) for the benefit of the nearest
male heir of the late Major General Towson, of
the United States Army. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs,
An act (No. 278) concerning the courts of the
United States in the district of Arkansas. Referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
An act (No. 383) for the relief of Myra Clark
Gaines. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
An act (No. 412) supplemental to an act for
the admission of the Statu of Minnesota into the
Union. Referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Resolution (No. 453) directing the printing of
certain reports therein mentioned. Uefeired to the
Committee on the Library.
bills with amendments.
The SPEAKER. There are various bills on
the Speaker's table — sonic uf them Senate bills,
with House amendments in which the Senate non-
concmrcd; and some of them House bills with
Senate amendments. If it be the pleasure of the
House, these hills will be now disposed of.
There was no objection.
fire department in tiid district.
Senate bill (No. 227) authorizing the organiza-
tion of a fire department in the Disti let of Colum-
bia, with the House amendments thereto, which
were non-concurred in by the Senate, was taken
from the Speaker's table and road.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, the
printed copies of this bill are already exhausted,
and perhaps the House is not now prepared to
consider it. 1 am not acquainted with the pro-
visions of this bill, and think that it ought to be
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I suppose that the bill
will neeeswdiily go to the Committee foi the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and that the reading of the lull
and amendments now would bean aiiuecessai y
consumption of the time of the House. I there-
fore move its reference to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was so
referred.
pursers' clerks
House bill (No. 33G) for the relief of B. W.
Palmer, and othcYs, with Senate amendments
thereto, was taken from the Speaker's table and
read.
The bill confirms and makes legal the excess of
salary paid to B. W. Palmer and others, as pur-
sers' clerks, at certain navy-yuids, under the esti-
mates made m the naval appreciation bill."? since
1853; provided, however, that nothing therein
contained shall be construed into a repeal of the
existing laws regulating ihopayof pursers'clerks;
and provided further, that the salary of the clerks
aforesaid shall not hereafter exceed §500 per an-
num.
The amendment of the Senate, which is m the
nature of a substitute, directs that the accounting
officers of the Treasury shall allow all payments
made since the 1st July, 1854, to the clerks or as-
sistants to pursers at the navy-yards of Charles-
town, New York, Philadelphia,'Washington,Nor-
folk, and Pensacola, at the rate of >>750 per annum;
and to allow all payments made since the same
date to first clerks to commandants, and clerks of
yards at Kittery and Philadelphia, at the rate
of $1,200 per annum; and that the pay of such
clerks be hereafter $1,200 per annum, and of the
pursers' clerks or assistants &750 per annum,
commencing with the present fiscal year.
Mr. MILLSON. The bill, as amended by the
Senate, is substantially in the same shape in
which it was originally reported to the House by
the Committee on Naval Affairs. On a motion
made, I think, by my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Siieuman,] the bill was amended in the House.
The Senate afterwards restored the bill to the
shape in which it came from the Committee on
Naval Affairs of the House. I think that my
friend from Ohio has seen, on subsequent reflec-
tion, that his original objection to the bill was not
sound or tenable, and believe that he now acqui-
esces altogether in the bill in its present shape.
I hope therefore that the Iiouse will concur in
the amendment of the Senate, which, with some
little alteration, merely restores the bill to the
shape in which it was oiiginally reported by the
Committee on Naval Affairs of the House. If
any gentleman desires an explanation of the
character of the amendments 1 am ready to give
it, but otherwise 1 do not think it necessary to
do so.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask whether there is any
report accompanying the bill?
The SPEAKER. It is an original House bill
which passed the House and was amended by
the Senate. The question now is on concuriing
in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, I think that a
word of explanation will enable the House to see
that the amendment of the Senate is altogether
just and proper The pay of the pursers' clerks
at navy-yaids, of which there arc only some five
or six, has been heretofore regulated by the pay
ofj-mrseiV clerks on board of ships; but the pur-
sen;' clerks at navy-yaids have to perform very
laborious duties in keeping the accounts of some-
times more than two thousand men. It was found
utterly impussible to get the necessary clerical
foice al the poor compensation of $500 a year, and,
in the year 1S53, the Department estimated for an
inetear-e of compensation, asking in the estimates
for $750 instead of #500. Congress having voted
the money called for in that estimate, these gen-
tlemen iuwe, from that time to tins, been receiv-
ing £750 a. year. But last year the Fourth Aud-
itor, having discovered that this allowance was
paid only upon the estimate, and upon the act of
Congress appropriating the money on that esti-
mate, decided that that did not repeal the foimer
law,and he has, therefore,called upon those clerks
to refund the excess of $250, which they have
been receiving for the last four or live years. The
money has been actually paid to them by the Gov-
ernment, upon an estimate sent to Congress, and
under an act of Congress appropriating the money
called for in that estimate. These men have been
employed under the authority of the Secretary of
the Navy, at a compensation of $750 a year, and
have received $750 a year. They did not know,
of course, upon what law their claim for that
compensation was founded; they did not examine
the law, or undertake to decide judicially whether
their compensation was rightfully paid to them
or not.
Now, the simple question is, whether they shall
be compelled, under these circumstances, to re-
fund the money, or whether those payments shall
he legalized by act of Congress ? To this extent
the iiouse provided in the bill as it passed last
session. But the amendment of the Senate fur-
ther provides, that hereafter the compensation of
these men shall bo ^750 per annum, instead of
$500. Every gentleman must perceive at once
that l,p530 is entirely inadequate compensation for
su'di services as are exacted from these clerks. It
requites clerical skill of a high order to keep the
accounts of the workmen employed in the navy-
yards. You cannot get clcrks of sufficient skill to
perform the duties required of them for $500 a
year; and now the House is simply to determine
whether they will agree to the amendment of the
Senate, raising the salaries of three, four, or five
clerks from §>500 to 0750 a year. The amount
proposed to be given is a great deal less than is
paid to the lowest clerks in the Departments in
the city of Washington for performing much less
labor than is performed by the clerks m the navy-
yards.
Mr. BOCOCK. For the purpose of raising the
point distinctly before the House, which I do not
know that my colleague has made, I desire him
to state whether the amount fixed by this bill to
be paid these clcrks hereafter, is not the same
amount which has been paid them under the ap-
propriations for the last four or five years ?
Mr. MILLSON. It is.
Mr. BOCOCK. I think that explanation, jn
connection with the explanation in the former
part of the speech of my colleague, will place the
whole case before the House. It is to legalize
the payments which have been already made to
these clerks, under appropriations made by Con-
gress in the first place. The money has been paid
and received by them; and this is to relieve them
from the requirement made upon them to refund
j it. Furthermore, it is to provide that the same
j amount which has been paid them for the last
I four or five years should be paid them in future;
1 and that they should not be cut down to the
amount paid to them previous to 1853. That is
the whole matter.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Virginia whether these clerks
werenotemployed by the Governmental a salary
of §750 per annum ?
Mr. MILLSOiN. They were.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. So I under-
stand; and that this is simply a proposition to pay
them what the Government stipulated they should
receive when they were employed.
Mr. MORGAN. What had the Government
to do in saving what they should receive ?
. -Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I should think
| the Government had a good deal to do with it.
I Mr. MILLSON. The Government stipulated
that they should receive this amount, and they
• have already received it.
j Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I think I must
j have misapprehended the amendment of the Sen-
, ate. I supposed the Clerk read the amendment
j of the Senate, but I now understand that he read
! the original Houac bill. I think the bill of the
i House is right. I think they should be relieved
from the requirement to refund the money they
! have already received, under a mistake in con-
i struing the law; but this is not the time to raise
| the salaries of those clerks, or of anybody else.
'• I think the bill, with the Senate amendment,
' should be referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
j fairs, and if they, upon examination, find there is
j a necessity for raising the salaries of these clerks,
' it can be done. I move to committhe whole mat-
ter to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
adjournment till thursday.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet day after to-morrow, for the purpose of giv-
ing the Speaker time to appoint the standing com-
mittees of the House.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I withdraw the
motion for the piesent.
john duncan.
The bill of the House (No. 366) for the relief
of John Duncan, with an amendment of the Sen-
ate, was taken up from the Speaker's table for
consideration.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place upon the list of navy pensioners, at the rate
of sixteen dollars per month, the name of John
Duncan, who was a landsman m the United States
Navy on board the United States ship-of-wnr
Brandywine, and who has become totally blind
in consequence of disease contracted and injuries
received by him while in the line of his duty in
the service of the United States; the pension to
commence on the 1st of December, 1855, and con-
tinue during his natural life; provided, that the
pension shall not be paid if he remains a benefi-
ciary m the United States Naval Asylum.
The Senate proposed to amend by striking out
<c sixteen dollars," and inserting "eight dol-
lars."
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House
non-concur in the amendment of the Senate; and
I do it for this reason: the Committee on Invalid
Pensions in this House reported that bill, and
they thought that he should be paid sixteen dol-
lars per month, provided he should not be con-
tinued as a beneficiary of the Naval Asylum. He
