urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
'-third party, while at the same time they were of the utmost
impoitanco to the right person; that the last four letters
exti acted, referred to the former ones, revealing that com-
plaints had been sent from New Yoik, by Mr. Sherman,
of New Orleans, both by mail and telegraph, ot hisnot
having received the letters then in the possession of Mr.
James A. Sheiman ; yet he persisted in his wrongful con-
duct, receiving, opening, reading, and detaining, letters
which" lie must have known were not intended for him, up
to-the period at which they were received from him at his
office, m the month of December.
Mr. ENGLISH. If the motion to reconsider
prevails, I understand -the bill will then be open
to amendment. I hope, then, that that motion
will be agreed.to; and I give notice that I do not
intend to call for the previous question so long as
any gentleman desires to offer an amendment. I
call-thc previous question on the motion to re-
consider.
Tiie previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. WALBR1DGE withdrew the pending
motion to recommit.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from New York has an amendment which
meets my. view of the case, and I yield to him.
Mr. OLIN. I send the third section of the bill
amended so as to meet with my views.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 3. J$nd le it further enacted, That every person
who shall receive any letter from another to he deposited
in any post office, and shall fraudulently omit to deposit the
ft&rae in such post office ; and every person who shall take
from any post office any letter addressed to another person
for tile purpose of dehveiing the same to such person, and
shall fraudulently omit to deliver the same; and eveiy per-
son who shall fraudulently receive any letter of another, 01
shall fraudulently retain the same, shall, upon conviction
thereof, be fined pot exceeding one hundred dollars, or
imprisoned not exceeding one year, or both, in the discre-
tion of the court.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, the first part of this
section, as proposed in the original bill, down to
the word " postage," i move to strike out. The
reason why I offer this amendment is, that the
section creates an offense, punishable in the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States, which
is already an offense, at common law, and pun-
ishable in the State courts. It is, therefore, un-
necessary.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
New York propose his amendment as a substi-
tute for the third section?
Mr. OLIN. Yes, sir. My amendment also
obviates the difficulty of constituting as an of-
fense, punishable by line and imprisonment, that
which is obviously no offense at all; that is, a
mere accidental retention of a letter. My amend-
ment punishes what is and ought to be an offense,
namely, the fraudulent receipt or fraudulent re-
tention of a letter. The section, as pioposcd to
be amended, will, I think, meet the approbation
of every one in the House who chooses to look
into the subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T now movo,
to strike out the fourth section; and I move the
previous question.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw the call for the previous
question, that I may offer an amendment to the
section proposed to be stricken out?
Mr. HORTON. I wish to amend the second
section by including seeds, grafts, and cuttings,
sent by mail.
Mr. KILGORE. Have not I a right to perfect
the fourth section before the vote is taken on
striking it out?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. HORTON. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am will-
ing to withdraw the previous question so as to
permit the amendments to be read and offered, if
the House wish to vote upon them.
Mr. KILGORE. 1 desire to add a proviso 16
the end of the fourth section.
Mr. MORTON. I propose toamend the second
section by adding, after the word " rollers," the
words " seeds, grafts, and cuttings, sent by
mail;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 2. Jlnd, heUfiirther enacted, That map?, enslaving,
lithograph* or photograph piinf^ on toilers, seeds, suits
and cuttings shall be charged with pqstage }></ the weight
of the package, at the rate of one eentsu ounce friction
of an ounce, to tiny place within the Onited States.
There can be no objection to it; and it will
a great convenience to those engaged in agricul-
ture and horticulture.
Mr. ENGLISH. I do not know that there
can be any well-grounded objection to that amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. Is unanimous consent given
to the receipt of this amendment?
No objection was made.
Mr. ANDREWS. Is it in order to offer an
amendment as an additional section ?
The SPEAKER. By general consent of the
House.
Mr. ANDREWS. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has withdrawn the previous question.
The SPEAKER. There are already three
amendments ponding.
Mr. ANDREWS. The gentleman from Illi-
nois indicated that he was willing to withdraw
his motion for the previous question so that all
amendments might be brought in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. All amend-
ments that can come in under the rules of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair simply indicated ^
that no other amendments could be offered than f;
those already pending, except by unanimous con-
sent. If there be no objection the Chair will en-
tertain all the amendments proposed by gentle-
men.
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois to withdraw his amendment
until the amendment suggested by the gentleman
from Ohio can be acted on; and then he can re-
new his amendment and move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr.WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I will do that.
Mr. MILLSON. Would it not be in order to
move to strike out the third section?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Walbiudce] made that motion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Will the gen-
tleman from Illinois, before he moves the pre-
vious question, give me an opportunity of saying
one word against the striking out ot the third
section ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am willing
to leave it to the sense of the House. I will movo
the previous question, and if the House desire
any further discussion on the subject, it can le-
fuse to second the previous question, and vote on
all amendments under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of tho gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Hortox] is in by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. HUGHES. Is any other amendment in
order ?
The SPEAKER. Not except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HUGHES. I have an amendment to
offer.
Mr. EDIE. I object to any more amendments.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. My only object
in making that request was that I might make one
statement.
Mr. HUGHES. I understood that the chair-
man of the Post Office Committee made a pledge
that the bill was open for all amendments that
might be offered.
The SPEAKER. The objection came from the
Chair, and not from the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. English.] The Chair cannot entertain
more than two amendments, except by unani-
mous consent of the House. The Chair simply
| indicated that fact to the House. If the House
; wish to entertain more than two amendments, it
j can bo done by unanimous consent; or if the
! Iionse desired to vote on tho amendments as pro-
| posed, without the previous question, each gen- |
! tleman can have an opportunity of offering ins i
amendment. j
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to call the attention ,
of the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Olin] to
the matter. He proposes to amend the section !
by saying that any one who shall fraudulently ,
! receive a letter belonging to another, and shall 1
fraudulently retain the same  j
Objection was made to debate. !
The previous question was seconded, and the 1
main question ordered. i
The question was taken on Mr. Houton's j
amendment, and it was agreed to. j
The question now being upon the amendment ;
submitted by Mr. Olin to l\\c third section of the |
U!l-~ ;
Mr. OLIN, by unanimous consent, modified
the same by inserting after the word "retain,'5
the words "or destroy."
The,amendment as modified was agreed to.
The* question recurred upon striking out the
third section as amended.
Mr. GROW. I do not quite understand the
question. Is it on striking out what we have just
passed ?
The SPEAKER. The two propositions were
pending, first to strikeout and insert, and then
the proposition of the gentleman from Michigan,'
[Mr.Walbridge,] to strike outtheentiresection.
The motion to strike out the section was disa-
greed to.
The question then recurred upon agreeing to
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wasiieurne] to strike out the fourth section.
Mr. KILGORE. That is the section to which
my amendment was offered. The gentleman from
Illinois withdrew the previous question in order
to let my amendment be offered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand that the gentleman from Indiana had the
unanimous conseiU of the House to offer his
amendment.
Mr. KILGORE. I heard no objection, and
the previous question was withdrawn for the ex-
press purpose of allowing my amendment to
come in.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
question will be taken on the gentleman's amend-
ment.
Mr. HUGHES. I shall object, unless I can
offer an amendment also.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
objection was made upon both sides the House
to the reception of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana, and also to that of his col-
league.
Mr. KILGORE. I hope my amendment will
be read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Add to last section, the following :
But Mich b.iles shall, in all ca cs, he made only to the
bidder, hy sealed proposals, aft<jr three month*, advertise-
ment in a pubhc newspaper, published at the capital of the
State where eueh lands he.
The motion to strike out the fourth section was
disagreed to—ayes 42, noes 82.
Mr. IvlLGOUEl I hope this bill will not be
passed with that fourth section in the form in
which it now stands, without my amendment. It
confers power on the officers of the Government
to sell and dispose of property worth millions of
dollars, without ever giving notice or giving any
opportunity'for competition m the purchase of
that property.
Mr. PALMER. I move to lay the bill upon
the table, as gentlemen upon the other side will
not consent 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in oider.
The House lefused to lay the bill, upon the
table.
Mr.. HUGHES. I wish to say that I will
withdraw my objection to the reception of the
amendment of my colleague on the condition that
I shall be permitted to offer an amendment.
Objection was made.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third tune; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. ENGLISH demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was oidered to be engrossed
and read a third time, for the puipose of offering
my own amendment, and letting m the amend-
ment of my colleague, [Mi. Kilgoli: ]
Mr. EN&L1SH. I understand that the object
of my colleague is to get in an amendment abol-
ishing the fiankmg privilege. I will wiate to him
that the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads have reported a bill on that subject which
I intend to call up to-day, if I have an oppoitu-
111 Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to have my amend-
ment reported.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
