10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
not recommend that committee very strongly to
the confidence of the House. If it be tlie purpose
of the House to have action on the subject of the
Pacific railroad, 1 think the bill should go to a
different committee from that to which'it has been
referred, and which I believe is so divided in sen-
timent, or from some other cause, that it will be
unable to agree on any measure to be reported to
the House. I believe we ought not to send the
subject to that committee, but think that if it is
to go to a select committee, that committee should
be composed of another set of men. In that view
1 make this motion, and ask the previous ques-
tion.
M-v. CURTIS. I move to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The motion wasnotagreed to, only thirty-seven
members voting in its favor.
Mr. CURTIS. Would it be in order, Mr.
Speaker, for me to make some explanation at this
time ?
The SPEAKER. No; the previous question
has been demanded.
Mr. CURTIS. But it has not been seconded.
The SPEAKER. Pending the demand for the
previous question, debate is not in order.
Mr. BILLINGHURST called for tellers on
seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee,
and Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty-one, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. CURTIS. As a member of the committee
to which the honorable gentleman from Wiscon-
sin- [Mr. Biiainghurst] has referred, I wish to
make a brief explanation. I presume there was
no committee of this House that laborpd more
arduously, or, as I believe, more intelligently, for
the purpose of determining the issue presented to
them than did the select committee on the Pacific
railroad. In my opinion, there is no subject be-
fore the House of greater magnitude or import-
ance, and none that will require more deliberation
and more argument before a final determination
can be arrived at. The committee of course were
embarrassed by the magnitudeand difficulties sur-
rounding the question. They were obliged to dis-
cuss the various routes and various modes pro-
posed, to secure some practical result. There was
an almost unanimous concurrence on the part of
the committee that something ought to be done
by Congress toward the construction of a Pacific
railroad; but when we come to determine on the
mode of action and the route which should be
adopted, we found ourselves embarrassed, as this
House will be whenever the question comes fully
and fairly before it. The important results that
arc likely to grow out of such a work, excite ex-
traordinary sensibility in every section of the
Union.
I acknowledge that there was a conflict of opin-
ion amongst the members of the committee, but
that conflict is an element which your committee
desired to reconcile. I do not know that any ad-
vantage will be gained from a reconstruction of
the committee. lis members were well appor-
tioned amongst thevarmus sectionsof the Union,
representing, therefore, the various conflicting
views. And I do not despair of a final success on
the part of the committee. If the motion which 1
made yesterday, submitting a Pacific railroad bill,
revives the old committee, I am satisfied that the
question should be left to them for consideration.
For my own part, I am in favor of a Pacific rail-
road on the I'iaUc valley arid Salt Lake central
route, and I believe that ultimately there will be
a compromise in favor of that route, because it
seems to me that only such a route will accom-
modate the people of all sections of the Union,
North and SoutL I believe that the other mem-
bers of the committee, who are in favor of differ-
ent routes, will concur with me in the opinion
thatwe have not yet exhausted our efforts with a
view to the presentation of a report, and are wil-
ling to make further efforts to bring about prac-
tical results. 1 think, therefore, that there is no
object to be attained by a reconsideration of the
vote taken yesterday; and I trust the motion of
the honorable gentleman from Wisconsin will not
prevail.
The question was taken on Mr. Bit.ltng-
wjrst's motion; and it was not agreed to—ayes
forty-eight, noes not counted.
ANNUAL ESTIMATES.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, it
was
Ordered, That the annual estimates be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
The SPEAKER. The Chair yesterday inad-
vertently omitted to call the Territories for reso-
lutions; and, with the permission of the House,
the Chair will now afford the Delegates an oppor-
tunity of submitting resolutions and introducing
bills of which notice has been given.
There being no objection, the Speaker pro-
ceeded to call the Territories in their order, com-
mencing with Oregon.
Mr. LANE, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced the following bills; which were read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands: ' '
A bill for the relief of Robert B. Metcalf and J
others; and _ ;
A bill for the relief of Mary A. Harris, of Ore- '
gon.
Mr. OTERO introduced the following bills;
which were severally read a first and second
time, and referred as indicated belojv:
A bill to provide for the completion of the mil-
itary road from Fort Union to Santa Fe, New
Mexico—referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs;
A bill providing for the completion of the mil-
itary road from Taos to Santa Fe, in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico—referred to the same com-
mittee; and
A bill making a grant of lands to the Terri-
tories of New Mexico and Kansas, and the State
of Missouri, in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of a railroad ill said Territories and
State—referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN UTAH.
Mr. BERNHISEL submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Militaiy AfTaits be in-
structed to intjuire into the expediency of relumhng to the
Ten itory of Utah the expenses inclined by s;u<l Territory
in suppiestinu Indian ho^tihties m the year ISo3; and that
said committee leport by bill or otherwise.
MILITARY ROADS IN UTAH.
Mr. BERNHISEL submitted the following res-1
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed ]
to: |
Resolred, That the Committee on Military Affairs he in- :
stiilcted to mquiie into the expediency of pioviding for the
eonstiuetion of a military load from Bridgei's Sees, in the
Rocky Mountains, to Great Salt Lake City, in the Teiutoiy
ot Utah; and that said committee repoit by lull or otliei-
wme.
TERRITORIAL LIBRARIES.
Mr. BERNHISEL submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Tenitorics he instruct-
ed to inquire into tiie expediency of making a small appio-
pnation to meren-e Ihe teiruonal hiirancy uf Now Mexico,
Utah, Washington, Kansas, arid Nebia&ka ; and that said
committee lepoit by Inll oi otherwise.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, introduced
the following bills; which were severally read a
, first and second time, and referred to the Com-
j mittec on Military Affairs:
! A bill for the construction of a road from Aber-
1 crombie, on the Red River of the North, to Seattle,
1 on Puget Sound, in the Territory of Washing-
' ton; and
I A bill for the survey of the Upper Missouri and
Columbia rivers for military purposes.
REPORT FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
from the Court of Claims.
The bills reported by the court were, by unan-
imous consent, considered as having received then-
first and second reading, and were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The adverse reports were, under the rule, or-
dered to be placed upon the Calendar.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communications;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed:
A report from the Secretary of State, commu-
nicating an abstract and return of registered Amer-
ican seamen;
A communication from the Secretary of State
in reference to the incidental expenses of his De-
partment; and
A communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting a statement of the expendi-
tures of the contingent fund of his Department for
the year ending June 30, 1858.
MEMORIAL OP NEBRASKA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
joint memorial of the Legislature of Nebraska
with reference to school lands; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
LAWS OF OREGON AND WASHINGTON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
copies of the laws of Oregon and Washington;
which were referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
ADJOURNMENT TO THURSDAY.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next, in order to give the Speaker time
to appoint the standing committees.
Mr. MOR.GAN. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on that motion. There is no earthly reason why
we should adjourn over.
Mr. STANTON. I understood the Speaker
to say this morning that the standing committees
would.be announced to-morrow. I cannot, there-
fore, see any reason why we should adjourn over
for the purpose stated by the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. MORGAN. It would be a mere squan-
dering of time.
Mr. DEAN demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Stephens's
motion; and it was agreed to—ayes 85, noes 63.
And then, on motion of Mr. JOHN COCH-
RANE, (at two o'clock and twenty minutes, p.
m.,) the House adjourned to Thursday.
IN SENATE.
T^dp.sday, December 9, 1858.
Hon. John J. Crittenden, of Kentucky, Hon.
Andrew Johnson, of Tennessee, and Hon. Rob-
ert Toombs, of Georgia, appeared to-day.
Prayer by Rev. P. D. Gurley, D. D.
The Journal of Tuesday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of State, communica-
ting, in pursuance of law, an abstract of returns
of registered American seamen; which was laid on
the table until the committees shall be appointed.
He also laid before the Senate a report from the
Secretary of State, showing, in obedience to law,
the contingent and other disbursements of that
Department for the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1858, the unexpended balances of appro-
priations for the same period, and the contingent
expenses of foreign intercourse for the year end-
ing 30th November, 1858; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate the annual report
of the Superintendent of the Public Printing;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
THE NEW SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on rubhc Buildings and
Grounds inquire into the condition of the new Chamber for
the Senate, and report at what time it maybe peiinanentiy
occupied, and the cercmony appropriate upon removing
thereto.
The resolution lies over, under the rule.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its
Clerk:
Mr. President : The House of Representatives agrees to
the amendment of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. 5 >5) entitled "An act to confirm the land claim of cer-
tain pueblos and towns in the Territory of New Mexico,"
and lo the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
356) " for the relief of Roswell Minard, father of Tiieodore
Minaid, deceasedand disagrees to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 218) "lor the benefit of the
