n
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
Arkansas, Eli S. Shorter of Alabama, Benjamin P.
Leiter of Ohio, Samuel H. Woodson of Missouri,
Schuyler Colfax of Indiana, William P. Russell
of New York, Charles L. Scott of California,
Silas M. Burroughs of New York, and Guy M.
Bryan of Texas.
On Military Affairs—Charles J. Faulkner of
Virginia, John H. Savage of Tennessee, Hum-
phrey Marshall of Kentucky, Benjamin Stanton
of Ohio, Milledge L. Bonham of South Carolina,
Samuel R. Curws of Iowa, George H. Pendleton
of Ohio, James Buffinton of Massachusetts, and
John J. McRae of Mississippi.
On the Militia—Israel T. Hatch of New York,
Albert G. Watkins of Tennessee, Anthony E.
Roberts of Pennsylvania, Thomas P. Bowie of
Maryland, Cydnor B. Tompkins of Ohio, Ed-
ward A.Warren of Aikansas, Aaron Shaw of
Illinois, Albert G. Jenkins of Virginia, and Eli
Thayer of Massachusetts.
On Naval Affairs—Thomas S. Bococlc of Vir-
ginia, Thomas B. Florence of Pennsylvania,
Timothy Davis of Massachusetts, Warren Wins-
low of North Carolina, James L. Seward of Geor-
gia, John Sherman of Ohio, Erastus Coming of
New York, Freeman PI. Morse of Maine, and
George S. Hawkins of X^lorida.
On Foreign Affairs—George W. Hopkins of
Virginia, James B. Clay of Kentucky, Anson
Burhngamcof Massachusetts,William Barksdalc
of Mississippi, Daniel E. Sickles of New York,
David Ritchie of Pennsylvania,WiUiam S. Groos-
beck of Ohio, Homer E. Royce of Vermont, and
Lawrence O'JS. Branch of North Carolina.
On the Territories—Alexander PI."Stephens of
Georgia, William Smith of Virginia, Galusha A.
Grow of Pennsylvania, James Hughes of Indi-
ana, Felix K. Zolhcoffer of Tennessee, Amos P.
Granger of New York, John B. Clark of Mis-
souri, ChauneeyL. Knapp of Massachusetts, and
Clement L. Vall.indigham of Ohio.
On Revolutionary Pensions—John I-Iiekman of
Pennsylvania, Ilenry M. Shaw of North Caro-
lina, llobert B. Hall of Massachusetts, Paul Lei-
dy of Pennsylvania, John M. Parker of New
York, Sherrard Clemens of Virginia, Nehcmiah
Abbott of Maine, John P. Potter of Wisconsin,
and John F. Furnsworth of Illinois.
On Invalid Pensions—Joshua H. Jewett of
Ivcntucky, Thomas B. Florence of Pennsylvania,
George R. Robbing of New Jersey, John II. Sav-
age of Tennessee, Calvin C. Chaffee of Massa-
chusetts, Joseph Burns of Ohio, Thomas L. An-
derson of Missouri, Charles Case of Indiana, and
George W. Palmer of New York.
Ou Roads and Canals—George W. Jones of
Tennessee, Albert G. Talbot of Kentucky,
SamuelG. Andrews of New York, John C. iVia-
Kon of Kentucky, John Thompson of New Yoik,
Edward A. Warren of Arkansas, David S. Wal-
bridgc of Michigan, Isaac N. Morns of Illinois,
and Damel W. Grooch of Massachusetts.
Od Pateiils—Jam&s A. Stcwait of Maryland,
Wilson Reillyof Pennsylvania, John R. Kdieof
Pennsylvania, William E. Niblack of Indiana,
and William D. Brayton of Rhode islnnd.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Lawrence
M. Kent of South Carolina, Samuel 0. Peyton
of Kentucky, Edwin l>. Morgan of New York,
Lawrence W. Hall of Ohio, and Samuel A. Pur-
viancc of Pennsylvania.
On Rev hat and Unfinished Business—William L.
Dewart of Pennsylvania, Joseph Miller of Ohio,
Dewitt C. Leach of Michigan, Guy M.Bryan of
Texas, and Judson W. Sherman of New York.
On t'Jccoimls—John A. Searing of New Yoik,
Paulus Powell of Virginia, John Dick of Penn-
sylvania, Jacob M. Kunkel, of Maryland, and
Fiancis K. Spinner of New York.
On Mileage—Robert Smith of Illinois, Ambrose
S. Murray of New York, J. Morrison Harris of
Maryland, William W. Phelps of Minnesota,
and Henry Waidron of Michigan.
On Engraving—Garnctt B. Adiain of New Jer-
sey, Israel T. Hatch of New Yoik, and Warner
L. Underwood of Kentucky.
On Expenditures in the kiate Department—Owen
Jones of Pennsylvania, Jabez L. M. Curry of
Alabama, John A. Bingham of Ohio, William T.
Avery of Tennessee, and Charles B. Hoard of
New Yoik.
On Expenditures in the Treasury Department—
William Lawrence of Ohio, Allison White of
Pennsylvania, David Kilgore of Indiana, Jacob
M. Kunkel of Maryland, and Lucius J. Gartrell
of Georgia.
On Expenditures in the War Department—Wil-
son Reilly of Pennsylvania, Clark B. Cochrane
of New York, Joseph R. Cockeull of Ohio,
William Stewart of Pennsylvania, and John V.
Wright of Tennessee.
On Expenditures in the Navy Department—John
B. Haskin of New York, Joseph Miller of Ohio,
Emory B. Pottle of New York, Paulus Powell of
Virginia, and Reuben Davis of Mississippi.
On Expenditures in the Post Office Department—
Albert G.Talbot of Kentucky, John H.Reagan of
Texas, George W. Palmer of New York, Joseph
Burns of Ohio, and James B. Foley of Indiana.
On Expenditures on the Public Buildings—Alli-
son White of Pennsylvania, George Taylor of
New York, Cadwalader C. Washburn of Wis-
consin, Joseph Miller of Ohio, and Abram B.
Olin of New York.
Joint Committee on the Library—William H.
Dimmick of Pennsylvania, Warren Wmslow of
North Carolina, and John U. Pettit, of Indiana.
Joint Committee on Printing—Samuel A. Smith
of Tennessee, Otho R. Singleton of Mississippi,
and Matthias H. Nichols of Ohio.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills—Thomas G.
Davidson of Louisiana, and James Pike of New
Hampshire.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I de-
sire to give notice to the House, that on to-mor-
row I shall ask leave to introduce a bill for an act
authorizing1 the people of the several organized
Territories of the United States to provide through
their respective Legislatures for the appointment
or election of their Governors, judges, and all
other territorial officers, in such mode or manner
as said Legislatures may by law determine.
I also desire to give notice that I shall introduce
a bill for an act providing for the admission of
sugar and salt into all the ports of the United
States free of duty.
I also desnu to give notice that on Tuesday
next I shall introduce a bill for an act to amend
the naturalization laws.
CASE OF JUDGE WATROUS.
The SPEAECER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of the report of
the Committee on the .Turin iary, in reference to
the case of Judcc John C. Watrous.
[See Appendix for the reports of the committee.]
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, T suppose the _
usual order in a case of this kind would be first i
to read the reports of the two branches of the com-
mittee. I do not know that the House desires to
have those reports read at this time. That is the
usual course, however, and unless some gentle-
man indicates a desire that a different course shall
be pursued, I will ask for the reading of those
reports.
Mr. READY. By the request of the minority
of the committee with which I act, and in behalf
of some other gentlemen who, 1 am advised, de-
sire to be heard in reference to the charges whfch
have been preferred against Judge Watrous, and
who have not had an opportunity to look into the
reports and into the testimony upon which they
are founded, I ask that the consideration of this
case may be postponed until an early day—say
until Thursday of next week. I am advised by
one of the members of the committee that he has
never been furnished with a copy of the reports
and testimony, or with the record that has been
made up in the case, in nny form or shape; that
he has been wholly unable to procure it, and it is
therefore but justice to that member of the com-
mittee, as well as other gentlemen who may de-
sire to be heard upon the subject, that they should
have an opportunity to look into the reports and
testimony, which is very voluminous. I there-
fore move that the further consideration of the
case be postponed until Thuisday of next week,
and made the special order for that day.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that the consid-
eration of this case will, in all likelihood, occupy
quite a number of days, during which the gen-
tlemen who have not had an opportunity to ex-
amine the documents m the case, will have an
opportunity of doing so. If, however, the House
desires further time to examine it before going
into its consideration, I do not wish to seem to
be desirous of pressing a case of this kind pre-
maturely to a vote in the House. There is orre
thing, however, which I a|k gentlemen to take
into consideration before they vote to postpone to
any day in advance of this time, which is, that
if the case should ultimately go to the Senate for
trial, it would consume, necessarily, a large por-
tion of the time of the Senate. If we therefore
propose that the Senate shall act upon it during
this session of Congress, there is no time to be
lost in sending it there, so that they may take the
necessary steps to have the witnesses here, and
be ready to go into the investigation. I do not
like to resist the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Ready,] but it does seem tome
that the objects which he has in view may be as
well attained during the progress of the debate by
commencing to-day and continuing it until some
future day.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, I hope the
suggestion of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Ready] will be agreed to by the House. It
will be recollected that this report came in at the
heel of the last session, probably one or two days
before the adjournment. A portion of the testi-
mony had then been printed, and the remainder
was printed afterwards; but as a member of the
Judiciaiy Committee, not agreeing in my conclu-
sions in reference to this case with the gentle ti^an
who has just taken his seat, I should like to have
further time to look into the matter. Although
a member of the committee who agreed in there-
port which was made—if any report was made,
for a majority of the committee could not concur
in any report—I have not had time to look mto
all the documents, which I understand amount to
some eighteen hundred or two thousand printed
pages. I presume but few members of the House
have looked into the documents of the case since
the adjournment of the first session of this Con-
gress. If the members of this committee have
not had the opportunity of refreshing their recol-
lections as to what took place in the committee
room, I take itforgranted that a great majority of
the members of the House have not done it. Inas-
much, therefore, as this decision of the House
upon this case in future may be quoted as a pre-
cedent—for upon the subject of impeachments, we
are now almost wholly without precedent—the
House ought not to go into the investigation with-
out giving every member who desires it an op-
portunity of looking into the important questions
involved in the inquiry. I am as anxious as the
gentleman who has taken his seat, that this matter
should be brought to a termination, but at the
same time it is due to the country, it is due to the
defendant, it is due to the House, that an inquiry
involvingso grave and important questions should
not be touched lightly. I am perfectly satisfied
that there is not a member of this House who is
prepared to give the matter that calm, careful, and
deliberate investigation which its importance de-
mands. I hope, therefore, that the proposition
of the gentleman from Tennessee, to postpone it
for one week, will be agreed to by the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is disagreeable
to oppose a motion for the postponement of a
case so serious, grave, and important as this; but
1 think the affairs of the country and the affairs
of this Congress, both as existing upon our Cal-
endar, and which may come before us in future
days, press upon us so heavily as to require us
to act with due caution and due investigation with
reference to the case now presented to us, and
with reference toother cases which are made spe-
cial orders for other days now hastening upon us.
I have no doubt that the House is now as well
prepared to go on with the investigation of this
case as it ever will be prepared—I do not mean
for a decision upon the question of impeachment,
but for examination and argument.
Now, sir, those documents have been upon our
tables for some weeks; they have been within the
reach of members during the recess; they have
had ample time to read all that has been said and
written upon the case, as it is now presented.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen-
tleman says these documents have been on our
tables for some weeks, and that members have
had abundant opportunity to investigate them.
Now, I would ask the gentleman from New York,
although he is a remarkably diligent man, whether
he has, during the recess, found time to read these
documents?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will answer ray
