1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1$
Judge Hughes, directing him to bring suit in
Judge Watrous's court, and, in the same letter,
directed him to consult with Judge Watrous and
Mr. League in relation to bringing the suits in
that court.
Hughes, on the 11th day of January, 1851,
brought eleven suits. The writs were served on
the defendants, and they appeared by their coun-
sel. Howard and Swett appeared for Spencer,
and John W. Taylor for the other defendants.
The cases remained on the docket in Galveston
' until the winter of 1852, when, upon the applica-
tion of Mr. Taylor, they were removed to Austin,
it being within the district where the lands lie,
and the defendants reside. Nothing was done
with the cases there. They remained upon the
docket until Dcccmber, 1854, when Hughes ap-
plied for their transfer to the circuit court of the
United States atNew Orleansfor trial; and it was
alleged upon the docket as a reason for their
transfer, that Judge Watrous had an interest in
the suits, and that he was related by blood or mar-
riage to some of the parties, which latter fact does
not appear. Some of these cases have been tried
in New Orleans, and others remain to be tried.
It is said that " a judge has as much right to
purchase land as anybody else." This is not
disputed. The abstract right no one will deny.
He may, ifhe choose, unite with professional job-
bers in the purchase of land; and although it is
incompatible with the dignity of the bench, and
unbecoming the judicial ermine, still it does not
follow that his hands will be soiled by official im-
purity. It is, however, one step beyond his proper
orbit. He has placed his footupon theice. Were
this alt that clouds the pathway of Judge Wat-
rous, though m consideration of the high office
he holds, we might deplore the step, yet he could
not be impeached. But this is not all. He em-
barked in what may be termed a stupendous spec-
ulation—not jn the purchase of some beautiful
retreat in the vicinity of Galveston, whence he
might retire from the turmoil of the city, and in
its quiet and repose, trim the lamp at the fountain
of that great science which affords such ample
scope for the employment of the mind, undis-
turbed by the apprehension that there would be
any to dispute his right, or that he had caused a
pang to any human breast, or the reflection that
he had driven its occupant from the possession of
the premises into the houseless wilderness. No.
It was a gigantic speculation, embracing nearly
sixty thousand acres, which were estimated by
him or his friends, shortly after the purchase, to
be worth nearly three bundled thousand dollars;
and lands in the possession of those who had
cleared and cultivated extensive tracts, who had
made valuable improvements, who were in the
act of perfecting their titles under the government
of Texas, and who conscientiously believed they
were in the occupancy of that which had consti-
tuted a part of the eminent domain of the State.
And this must have been known to Judge Wat-
rous, because three of his friends, previously to
the purchase, had gone on a pilgnmage to spy
out this mine of wealth. They had traversed
its verdant fields, surveyed its primeval forests,
coursed along its refreshing streams, well pleased
with all they saw; and they must have beheld
buildings, fences, growing crops, and the smoke
ascending from many a quiet home, and they
must have known, without inquiring, that those
who had thus selected this as their abode would
not surrender it without a desperate struggle. It
was then his duty to pause; he should have re-
membered that he was the sole judge of the Fed-
eral court in Texas; he should have remembered
that he was about to vest the legal title in a citi-
zen of another State whereby that jurisdiction of
his court might be made available; and be should
have remembeiPil that he was about to ousthim-
fiplf of juiisdiction m all the controversies which
might arise out of this enormous speculation.
But this is not all the testimony adduced which
goes to show that Judge Watrous was well aware
that the titles to this property were in dispute.
He stated to some of his friends, before the pur-
chase, that he was acquainted with the title, and
that the question involved was the same as that
in the cast- of Hancock and Mclvinney, depend-
ing in the State courts, and m which he had a
personal interest; but lie had no assurance that
the decision in that case would be in favor of him-
self and friends. He knew that the judgment of
the court would not be of binding authority in
his court, or in the Supreme Court of the United
States; and if the decision had been against him
and his friends, itdoes not follow that they would
have submitted to it.
It has been stated by my learned friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Ready,] in his report, that it is
not the policy of this Qlvernment to grant large
salaries to judges, and "that they must live;" but
are we to be told that when Congress fixes the
salaries of the judges that it does so with the un-
derstanding that they shall be permitted to entan-
gle themselves in litigation, and,in consequence,
have little or nothing to do? Is that the policy of
this Government? If it be, it is very poor econ-
omy. What if the judges of the district courts
in the new States, and the judges of the supreme
courts m the Territories were to embaik in this
kind of traffic? Could a more effective b'sw be
struck at the administration of justice? What if
the judge recently appointed in New Mexico
should go about that Territory buying up all the
doubtful titles he could lay his hands upon: would
he not be peremptorily dismissed from office?
It may be said that this is a solitary case; that it
involves only sixty thousand acres of land, valued
at only about three hundred thousand dollars by
the parties themselves; but where is it to stop? Is
Judge Watrous to be permitted to go on and unite
with League in all his speculations in Texas until
he shall become as frequent a suitor in the courts
of that State as the latter is ? The mischief or the
offense does not consist in the multitude of cases
—that is but an aggravation; and it is no reply in
his behalf that he did not design to disqualify
himself. Where a judge refuses to sit on the trial
of a list of cases without assigning a reason, he is
guilty of misbehavior; and if he voluntarily dis-
qualifies himself from sitting in a large mass of
litigation, as was done herein the prosecution and
pursuit of his private speculations, the misbeha-
vior is equal.
But, sir, there are graver charges presented
than these. It is alleged m the memorial of Spen-
cer that Judge Watrous secretly engaged in this
speculation, intending and designing to sit on the
trial of the causes which would arise. Whatever
may have been the ultimate design of these par-
ties, there was strong ground for suspecting that
such was the motive in its inception of the busi-
ness. It will be remembered that Judge Watrous
was the first to suggest the propriety of introduc-
ing a citizen of another State into this specula-
tion, whereby the jurisdiction of his court might
become available. It will be remembered that the
legal title was vested in^that citizen alone, who
had a far less interest than either League or Judge
Watrous. It will be recollected that a deed of
trust was made, which concealed the interest of
Judge Watrous, and has not been recorded to this
day. It will be recollected that a note was given
jointly by League and Judge Watrous for their
part of the consideration money, not payable till
the expiration of five years from its date; and
it is to be inferred from this that not a cent was
ever expected to be paid out of the pocket of
Judge Watrous, but that his liability would be
discharged out of the proceeds of sale. Mr.
Spencer swears that, although he attended the
courts of Galveston and Austin, he never heard
of this interest of Judge Watrous until about the
time the cases were removed to New Orleans for
trial, which was nearly four years after their in-
stitution in his court: and Air. Taylor, counsel
for others of the defendants, swears that although
he has a faint recollection of something having
transpired in relation to the judge's interest be-
fore the cases went from Galveston to Austin,
still he is satisfied that he could not have known
of the existence of that interest, otherwise he
would not have applied for their removal to Aus-
tin, for Judge Watrous presided there, and the
same difficulty would exist.
It would be a superfluous task to cite other evi-
dence to establish the fact; but whatever may have
been the original design, it appeals by the evi-
dence that the ultimate purpose was that these
causes should be instituted in Judge Watrous's
court, and transferred to the circuit court at New
Orleans, so that trials before Texas juries would
be avoided; and that is the point in this part of
the case against him. Lapsley, in his letter to
League, written in December, 1852—and this<Joes
not depend on the memory of any one—says:
" These considerations induce me to-believe, and so I
thought we all agreed, that it wouhl be belter to try tbecSses
in New Orleans than anywhere,else.." - - ^
And why? Why l< better?35 He has declared
the reason why. On his examination he swears
that for the reasons assigned to League in his let-
ter, and because " he understood that there wete
some prejudices against titles of this kind in Texas>
and he was afraid to risk the cases before a local
jury." Had Judge Watrous made this confes-
sion, I apprehend there is not a member of this
House who would not declare that he ought'to
be impeached; for a deliberate attempt to remove
these cases from the courts of Texas, to deprive
the people of Texas of trials before juries of the
vicinage, to impose upon them the necessity of
changing their counsel, and all the inconveniences
and disadvantages and increased expenses, which
would result from their removal hundreds of miles
further from their homes and the same distance
nearer the residence of the other party; and that,
too, by a judge, and for his own aggrandizement,
involves a degree of ofipial misconduct which ad-
mits of no excuse. Such engineering, such a
wrenching of these causes out of Texas, and out
of sight of the defendants, ^as almost enough to
fill them with despair, and induce them to aban-
don their defense, however honest it might be, or
submit to the most ruinous compromises.
The excuse assigned by Judge Watrous in his
answer, that the defendants would have the ben-
efit of the eminent legal ability of Judge Camp-
bell of the Supreme Court, does not palliate the
wrong. Did Judge Watrous then know that these
| cases were instituted in his own court for the pur-
pose of being removed to New Orleans for trial,
' and that trials before Texan juries might be avoid-
ed ? That is the reason assigned by Lapsley, who
held the legal title; that is the reason assigned by
the man who became interested in this business
at Judge Watrous's suggestion.
Is the charge brought home to the judge? It
will be remembered that in a letter which Laps-
ley wrote to Hughes, instructing him to institute
these suits, he specially directed him to consult
i Judge Watrous and League in respect to their
institution. And James Love, the clerk of his
court and his friend, (and I must say that neither
Love nor Lapsley nor Frow, nor others of the
witnesses whom I might name, had any bias
against Judge Watrous,) testifies that on the 11th
of January, 1851, when he was preparing these
writs, Judge Watrous came into his office and
said to him: " this is my case; you will lose your
' fees in these cases. They will have /o go elsewhere to
be tried." And where? They could not go into
the State courts. The circuit courtof the United
' States at New Orleans was the nearest judicial
1 district; and they must go there. It is true, they
j might have gone before a temporary judge, but
i the defendants were not required to agree to a
| proposition to substitute a temporary judge, and
I such a one as would have been named by those
parties; for it is not to be presumed they would
j name any one who was not entirely acceptable to
. them. To impose upon them such an alternative
as that—that the cases must either go to New
! Orleans or before a temporary judge such as the
1 plaintiffs might indicate—was imposing on them
an equal wrong. It was no wonder that Air.
| Taylor, as he testifies, when this proposition was
! made, he peremptorily rejected it. Did not Judge
; Watrous know that there was a prejudice exist-
! ing in the minds of certain persons in Texas
against these old Mexican grants 5 Lapsley says
he had been informed that there was. Whether
there was or not, I do not know; but such an
I impression was on the mind of Judge Watrous,
: and it is to be supposed that Lapsley derived his
information from him, because m his answer filed
1 to the memorial he refers to the fact, and he does
■ so also in his charge to the Jury in the case of
' Ufiord and Dykes, which will be afterwards re-
fen ed to.
; Now, it is contended in behalf of Judge Wat-
| rous that the cases came into his court without
! his knowledge an^ without his consent; but he
! made no piotest to James Love, the clerk; he
! made none to Hughes, the lawyer who brought
, the suits and who was near at hand; nor did he
make any to Lapsley that we are advised of.
