1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IT,
rity of our republican institutions and the very
existeoce of the Union.
It enters into the entire circulation of the whole
system, and- poisons every ramification of the Fed-
eral Mministration.
It has come to this, that no law can be passed,
no appointment made, no contract given out, but the
interest of slavery must first be consulted. The
question of admitting States into the Union has
to undergo this all-controlling scrutiny.
Ji law—yes, sir; a law—on your statute-books
to-day, fresh from the mint, not a year old pro-
vides that, for the admission of Kansas as a free
State, she must have ninetij-three thousand four
hundred and twenty inhabitants, and 'that, too, by a
legally-certified census; while the same law allows
her to come in as a slave State with half that num-
ber, more or less, and without any count at all.
Sir, freedom and slavery are so opposite, are so
antagonistic, that they cannot be sustained by the
same Constitution.
They cannot sit at the same table, and be nourished
by the same aliment. What is meat for one is poison
for the other. One or the other must perish.
Mr. LETCHER was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
I addressed the Chair before the gentleman from
Virginia; and I think I was heard by the Chair
before the other gentleman was.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state, in
response to the point of order, that his hearing is
not, perhaps, similar to that of the gentleman
from Illinois. The Chair saw the gentleman from
Virginia first, and accordingly gave him the
floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the Chair state that he
heard thegentleman from Virginia before he heard
me?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair heard a con-
fusion of sound? but he saw the gentleman from
Virginia first.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to lay the appeal
on the table
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to state the ground of
my appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reference to the motion
to lay upon the table, I will say that there is no
table in committee.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. Is debate in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. Then I object
to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is a question of fact.
The truth is that, under the rules, the Chairman
has the right to award the floor to whom he
pleases. It is customary for him to give the floor
to the member who first rises; but the rule does
not require him to do so.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I object to de-
bate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
33d rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
" Whfn two or more members happen to rise at once,
the Speaker >ball mime the member who is first to speak."
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to state the ground of
my appeal which I have the right to do. I ap-
peal from the decision of the chair on the ground
that I was first upon the floor, and that I was
first heard by the Chairman. I do not say that I
was recognized first, but the Chair does not say
that I was not first heard and first upon the floor.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Ohio,[Mr. Stanton,] who addressed the
House yesterday, (I do not see him in his seat,)
cnnunciated a proposition that struck me as a
most extraordinary one. He avowed here, sir,
that there was no responsibility whatever upon
the minority in this House for the action of the
body; and that they could not bo in any respect,
or to any extent, held accountable for the action
of a body of which they constituted nearly one
half. This proposition was announced while the
gentleman was discussing thequestion of the ex-
pendituresof the FederalGovernment; and know-
ing his intelligence; knowing his experience in
legislation and his familiarity with our rules; it
struck me as so remarkable a proposition that it
ought not to be allowed to pass without a reply,
and without calling attention to some few points
that would go to show that the burden of respon-
sibility rested not only upon me and my side of
the House, but that it rested also individually
upon him and upon his side of the House.
The rules of this House have prescribed that
certain committees shall be organized at the open-
ing of each session of Congress, who are charged
with specific duties, to which I shall have occa-
sion directly to call the attention of the commit-
tee, and which committees are to be continued
not only through the first session of Congress,
but, in order to give them the extent of a Con-
gress, and something of a permanent character,
they are continued through the second session. I
maintain, sir, if all these committees, organized
at the opening of a Congress, held their regular
meetings, discharged the duties prescribed for
them strictly, that we should never have any
question here in regard to retrenchment and re-
form, except such questions as were presented by
them, and which would bring before the country
intelligible recommendations upon those subjects.
Let us see what committees are to be organized.
Here is one, in the first place, amongst the general
committees, which lasts for a session, that is called
the Committee on Public Expenditures. What
is the duty of that committee, thus general in its
organization?
"89 It shall he the duty of the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures to examine into the atato of the several public
Depaitments, and particularly into laws making appropna-
tions of money, and to report whether the moneys have been
disbursed conformably with bucli laws."
Here are very important duties. One of the
grounds of complaint presented, not only in the
last Congress but in this, is, that appropriations
of money have been made for one purpose and
applied to some other object, not contemplated
by the two Houses of Congress, at the time the
bills were passed. If this Committee on Public
Expenditures would do its duty it would be en-
abled to ascertain 
Mr.KELLOGG. I would like to suggest to
the gentleman that that committee has never been
called. I am a member of that committee but
have received no notice to attend its meeting.
The chairman of the committee is of the gentle-
man 's party.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the gentleman has a
burden of responsibility to bear before the coun-
try, as a member of that committee, charged as it
is with these important duties.
Mr. KELLOGG. You have the chairman and
a majority of the committee, and they have not
called the committee together,
Mr. LETCHER. I am laying down the prop-
osition that there is a responsibility upon the gen-
tleman as well as upon me; that the rules of the
House have defined our duties as individual mem-
bers of this body, and that they have prescribed
that when wc are assigned to these committees
wo are to perform the duties of the committees,
and present reports to the House, showing that
they have been performed, and proving to the
country's satisfaction that the laws have been
fairly, justly, and properly executed. Well,what
more aie they to do? They are to report from
time to time, such provisions and arrangements
as may be necessary to do—what ? I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois—to do what? To add to the
economy of the Departments, and the accounta-
bility of their officers. Now, sir, if this commit-
tee, charged with duties of this sort, has not un-
dertaken to perform them, does it lie in the mouth
of a member of that committee to rise in his place
and say: " Your party here are responsible ! You
are to be held up before the country for extrava-
gance, and your party is to be driven frqm pow-
er," at the time that the admission is made by
him, " I have never met once with the committee
to perform this public duty?"
Mr. KELLOGG. Does the gentleman assume
that the committee has met?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir. The gentleman
himself says that it has not met.
Mr. KELLOGG. Why is it that that com-
mittee have not met, for the gentleman's party
have the chairman and the majority of it?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know why the
committee has not met. I might well retort upon
the gentleman the question, that he, as a member
of that committee, can best explain the reason
why it has not met.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have not the power to call
the committee, and there has never been a call of
the committee by the chairman.
Mr. LETCHER. Cannot anybody else call it?
Cannot any two members cail it? I find upon the
committee that there are four of the gentleman's
party. But I must go on; I have only half an
hour. So particular were they in the early his-
tory of this Government in order to see that ap-
propriations were properly disbursed, and to see
whether offices could be dispensed with, that they
organized other committees on this subject.
Among them was one on Public Accounts and
Expenditures in relation to the State Department;
another in relation to.the Treasury Department;
another in relation to the War Department; an-
other m iclation to the Navy Department; an-
other in relation to the Post Office Department;
and another in relation to the Public Buildings.
Now, here are these additional committees,
organized by the Speaker of the House, charged
with duties as important as the duties prescribed
for that general Committee on Public Expendi-
tures; and I desire to know whether their duties
have been performed.
Mr. HOWARD. I would like to ask thegen-
tleman from Virginia whether any one of these
committees has reported for the last five years?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not care whether they
have or not. If they have not, so much the wo.rse.
Let them be held up and made to answer to the
country why they have not met and performed
their duty. Now let us see what is the duty of
these committees:
" It shall he the duty of the said committers to examine
into the state of the'accounts and expenditures iejpec-
tivHy submitted to them, and to inquire and report paiucu-
larly— >
1. {i Whether the expenditures of the respective Depart-
ments are justified by law
That is one important duty.
2. " Whether the claim? fiom time to time satisfied and
discharged by the re&pectivo Departments are supported by
sufficient voucliGH, establishing their justness both as to
their chaiacterand amount
That is another very important duty.
3. u Whether such claims have been discharged out of
funds appropriated thereloi, and whether all moneys have
been di bur>ed in cunlormity with nppmpnation laws ; and
4. Whether any, and wtiat piovisions are necessary to
be adopted, to provide more perlectlylor the proper ap-
plication of the public moneys, and to secure the Govern-
ment fiom demands unjust in their character, or extrava-
gant in their amount.
And it ^h<i!l be, moi cover, the duty of the said commit-
tees to report, from tunc to time, whutbei any. and what,
retienehment can be made m the expendituie=> of the sev-
cial Department* without detiimem to t>>e public seivice;
whether any. and what abuser- at any time exist m the fail-
ure to enfoice the payment of moneys which may be duo
to the United Slates fiom public defaulters or others; and
to !• poit, fiom time to time, such provisions and arrange-
ments as may be necessary to add to the economy of the
several Departments and the accountability of their offi-
ceis."
Now, sir, here are duties specifically laid down;
all important in their character; all looking to the
same great result. If these duties had been dis-
charged, and if the reports of these committees
had been presented to the House, could we ever
have had the question raised that we have had
here for the last two or fhree weeks, on the sub-
jectof retrenchmentand reform? We would have
had measures presented to the House, distinct-
ive in their character, specifically declaring what
reforms could be made; whether officers had con-
formed to the law, and disbursed the money which
passed through their hands in conformity with
the law. If they had not, that fact could have
been reported to "the House, and we should have
been enabled to ascertain who are faithless in the
discharge of their duties.
Mr. PALMER. The gentleman from Virginia
seems to be charging this side of the House with
the fault of not scrutinizing the public expenses.
I desire to ask him whether he recollects that, a
few days ago, when the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] moved to refer the naval appro-
priation bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
the whole Democratic side of the House voted
against the motion, and prevented that committee
from discharging the very duty which the gentle-
man says devolves upon it ?
Mr. LETCHER. In the first place, the gentle-
man has gone off without due reflection. I set out
here to demonstaite the unsoundness of the prop-
osition that a minority of alegislative body is not
responsible, to any extent, for the actions of the
body. That is the proposition I am endeavoring
