1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1009
to combat. I insist that they are responsible in-
dividually, and as apartyalso.
Mr. WADE I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, why the majority does not do up the busi-
ness of the House?
Mr. LETCHER. I will have occasion to show-
that before I get through; and the gentleman may
be patient on that score for the present. When
the gentleman inquires why the majority does
not do up the business of the House, I am sure
he would not consider it a very proper reply for
me to make to him, if I were to say: " If he does
not intend to do anything in securing necessary
legislation, what is he doing here?"
But let me go on:
" It sliall be the duty of the several committees on public
expenditures to inquire whether any offices belonging to the
brandies or Departments, jespectively, concerning who>e
expenditures it is their duty to inquire, have become use-
less or unnecessary;5'
It is said that we have a vast multitude of use-
less officers. It is said that a large number of
unnecessary laborers were employed in the navy-
yard of Philadelphia, for no other purpose than
to help my jolly good-natured friend from Phila-
delphia [Mr. Florence] to the House. Now,
if these committees had discharged their duties
wc should have known all about the Philadelphia
navy-yard. The facts would have been brought
to the attention of the country, and we should
have been enabled to speak understandingly on
the subject.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to make an inquiry
right at that point.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, go on; but be short.
Mr. STANTON. I want to know if it is not
the uniform practice of all the committees of the
House to await the call of the chairman to assem-
ble for the transaction of business?
Mr LETCHER. I do not know. I know it
is not always the case with the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. STANTON. And I want to know whether
each of these committees has not a chairman be-
longing to the majority of the House, and whether
each of these committees has not a majority be-
longing to that side of the House, which can con-
trol its business and discharge its duties without
the aid of a single member of the minority; and
I ask, can the minority do it without the major-
ity ?
Mr. LETCHER. Why not?
Mr. STANTON. Because they are in a mi-
nority in the committee.
Mr. LETCHER. Why not report to the
House that they cannot act?
Mr. STANTON. They cannot make a report
because they are not a quorum.
Mr. LETCHER. Who had the majority in
this House at last Congress?
Mr. STANTON. Nobody.
Mr. LETCHER. Who elected the Speaker?
Mr. STANTON. TheSpeaker was elected by
a plurality; by a minority, and the genteman
knows it.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; and the'Speaker
decided that amendments to an appropriation bill,
covering several million dollars, could not be read
at the desk before the House was called upon to
vote on them. Who sustained that decision ?
Mr. STANTON. I did not; and I presume the
gentleman from Virginia did.
Mr. LETCHER. Not at all. I was one of
those who objected. The decision of the Speaker
was sustained by the friends of the gentleman on
that side of the House, with a very few on this
side. But, in addition to all that, who appointed
committees in the last Congress ? Who had the
majority upon all of those committees on expend-
itures? Was it not the gentleman's friends?
Why did they not meet and prepare a programme
of retrenchment, and present it? Why do they
now come forward and charge that President
Pierce's administration was corrupt, and dis-
bursed more money than it ought to have done;
Xhat there was not that accountability on the part
of public officers that there should be; and that
the extravagance of that period ought to have
been checked? They had the power then to ar-
raign him, to present their indictment, and have
him tried before the country on the facts.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man—he having been on the Committee of Ways
and Means—if every single appropriation bill that
went from this House to the Senate, was not
loaded down by additional appropriations there?
And I wish to ask him further, if the appropri-
ations made were not exceeded $10,000,000 by the
Departments; and if the House did not last ses-
sion vote a deficiency to that amount?
Mr. LETCHER. I grant you all you say in
regard to theactionof the Senate; but let the gen-
tleman remember that the Senate have no such
committees as those 1 have referred to.
Mr. STANTON. Why have they not ?
Mr. LETCHER. Those committees belong to
this House, and to this House alone. They are
not in the Senate; why, it is not for me to say.
Now, sir, let me go on with their duties:
—" to report, from time to tune, on the expediency of mod-
ifying or abohshingthesame; also, to examine into the pay
and emoluments of all officers under the taws of the United
States; and to repoit, from tune to time, such a reduction
| or increase thereof as a ju=t economy and the public ser-
I vice may require."
Well now, Mr. Chairman, I am calling atten-
tion to this declaration of the gentleman from
: Ohio, for another reason. It has been complained
here, over and over again, not only by gentlemen
: upon the other side of the House, but by gentle-
I men upon this side, that it is the duty of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to introduce these
measures of retrenchment in regard to public af-
fairs, and in regard to the appropriation of public
money.
Mr. HOWARD. I am sure the gentleman
from Virginia does not mean to do any injustice.
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly not.
Mr. HOWARD. And inasmuch as it is uni-
versally claimed that the Committee of Ways and
Means have absorbed all the business, I want to
know 
Mr. LETCHER. I am very much obliged to
my friend from Michigan for the'suggestion; but
I leave it to him to reconcile himself with his
friends over the way.
Mr. HOWARD. It is not my friends, but my
enemies, I want to be reconciled to. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. Well then, Mr. Chairman,
the allegation is, that the Committee of Ways
and Means have absorbed everything. You have
heard it said here that we have taken a vast deal
more of the business of the House than legiti-
mately belongs to us; and yet gentlemen have
been complaining, both last session and this, that
the Committee of Ways and Means have not
gone still further, and taken upon their shoulders
the buidens and duties which legitimately devolve
upon the Committee on Public Expenditures and
these other committees on the expenditures of the
several Departments of the Government.
Now, sir, the duties of the Committee of Ways
and Means are laid down in the rules just as dis-
tinctly as the duties of these other committees
are prescribed. I will read them:
" TS. It shall be the duty of the Committee of Ways and
Means to take into consideration ail such leports of the
Treasury Department, and ah such piopositions relative to
the revenue, as mav be referred to them by the Itou^e; to
inquire into the state of the public debt or the revenue, and
: of the expenditure, and to report, from time to time, their
i opinion thereon; to examine into the state of the several
| public Departments, and partieulaily into the laws making
; appropriations of money, and to report whether the moneys
have been disbursed conformably with such laws ; and also
to report, from tune to time, such provisions and arrange-
ments as may be necessary to add to the economy ot the
Departments and the accountability of their officeis."
I think, then, it will be agreed that, if there has
been any dereliction of duty on the part of any
committee of this House, it has not been on the
part of the committee of which the gentleman
from Michigan and myself are members—that
wc have done the duties assigned to us; that we
have reported our bills here within the thirty
days from the commencement of the session, al-
lowed by the rules of the House; that as these
bills have been returned to us from the Senate
with amendments, we have, within a reasonable
and proper time, considered those amendments
and reported on them to this body; and that,
wherever we have found it in our power to reducc
the cxpendituies, in any way whatever, upon
necessary and adequate information to justify us
in doing so, we have made those reductions. And,
sir, if the other committees of this body had pre-
sented their programme of retrenchment, show-
in0- where expenditures could be reduced, and
where useless offices could be abolished, then,
upon the action of those committees, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means would have been led to
practical results, that would have been better cal-
culated to reduce the expenditures than what has
already been done.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will not permit the Army appropriation bill
to be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. Suppose, however, that the Committee
on Military Affairs shall irregularly, and without
the authority of the House, take up that subject,
and shall propose to reduce the appropriations
recommended by the Committee of Ways arid
Means: shall we have his help?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly, sir.
Mr. STANTON. Well, let us see, when the
question comes up.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman knows me
well enough to know that the great complaint
against me here has been, that those who wanted
to reduce the expenditures have too often had
my help.
Mr. STANTON. I have not heard it.
Mr. LETCHER. The great complaint against
me has been, that I have been too sparing and
parsimonious in the expenditures of this Govern-
ment.
Now, whenever a proposition comes here from
the Committee on Military Affairs intelligible in
its form, and they can show us that it is pos-
sible to reduce any branch of the expenditures of
the Government, or to abolish any unnecessary
offices, you will find me ready to act with that
committee in cutting down the expenditures to the
lowest amount that is possible. I think, myself,
that these expenditures are too high. I have
thought so all along. But, at the same time, I
have not been willing, as a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to strike in the dark
where I might be just as likely to strike a proper
expenditure as an improper one, in the absence
of all the necessary information which the organ-
ization of these several committees was designed
to furnish, as a guide for our acts.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
from Virginia, in the course of his speech, to do
justice to the party to which I belong; for I be-
lieve that no membei of that party is upon either
of the committees he has been submitting to his
strictures.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to know ex-
actly what party the gentleman from Tennessee
does belong to ?
Mr. HOWARD. He does not belong to any
" healthy political organization." [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, perhaps it would not
be easy to answer the gentleman's question in
exactly the spirit in which it is put. We are a
party of principle, sometimes acting with one
side, and sometimes with the other; but we are
generally against both. Wherever principle leads
us, there we follow; with faint prospect, I admit,
of either plunder or spoil.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to call the attention of
the gentleman from Virginia 
Mr. LETCHER. Come, now, one at a time,
, if you please. [Laughter.] Give me some chance.
! I cannot attend to two gentlemen at the same
| time. I was going to remark that I did not un-
; derstand very well, from the definition of my
! friend from Tennessee, exactly what platform he
1 is on.
Mr. MAYNARD. I can very well understand
that; but that is not my fault.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, then, it is so small a
platform that it cannot be seen; it will hold very
few. But it strikes me that, so far as expend-
itures are concerned, my friend over the way is
pretty generally in for voting money. I think he
went for the pension bill.
Mr. MAYNARD, I did, most certainly.
I think he went for the
Mr. LETCHER,
homestead bill.
Mr. MAYNARD.
Mr. LETCHER.
Mr. MAYNARD.
Mr. LETCHER,
colleges bill?
Mr. MAYNARD.
The gentleman is mistaken.
You did not vote for it?
I did not.
How about the agricultural
I voted for that, because
I thought it a very good measure, involving the
great principle of the distribution of the public
lands. . .
Mr. LETCHER. Then, sir, you are in this
position: while the gentleman complains that the
Treasury is empty, he is voting, in the first place,
for a bill that would impose a burden upon the
Treasury of $39,000,000 (as ascertained by actual
