20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
no order made by the judge for this purpose. Mr.
Taylor does not remember this, arm says that he
made a motion for the transfer of the Lapsley
cases; but he states that he has been sick during
the winter, and his memory is defective. This in-
firmity of memory marks all his testimony. He
states that he did hear Judge Watrous disclose the
fact of his connection, by blood, when the cases
were called, at Galveston in 1851; that disability
would not be removed by transferring the cases to
Austin, but would still remain in full force.
Mr. Taylor states, at page 397 of his testimony,
that he went to Austin with the expectation of
trying the cases there* How could he indulge
such an expectation after having heard Judge
Watrous disclose a circumstance which would
render him incompetent to try the cases, unless
the disability had been removed in someway?
The fact that the agreement was made, accounts
for the removal of the cases to Austin, and is
abundantly proved. They were not, therefore,
transferred by any order of the judge; and on this
question, whether Judge Watrous disclosed his
interest generally when the cases were first called,
Mr. Taylor, who was counsel for the defendants,
states, at page 380 of his testimony, that although
he cannot undertake to be positive on that point,
"on reflection" he is "under the impression"
that Judge "VVatrous did " mention something of
the kind," and that this was "at Galveston,"
before even the cases were removed to Austin !
True, Mr. Taylor afterwards undertakes to state
some circumstances, from which he is inclined to
think, after all, that he did not hear the judge dis-
close his interest; hut taken in connection with all
the other testimony bearing upon this point, I
am inclined to think that his first impression,
" upon reflection," was the best, and that he did
hear something of the kind said by the judge at
Galveston. So, that in addition to all the other
evidence in the case, we have also the testimony
of the defendants' counsel; that, at the earliest
possible moment, Judge Watrous did declare that
lie was interested in the cases, and would have
nothing to do with them. And thus vanishes into
" thin air," the charge so much relied upon in the
memorial, that Judge Watrous fraudulently con-
cealed his interest.
The(cases were transferred to Austin, and were
continued by consent. They were afterwards re-
moved to New Orleans for trial, upon the motion
of the plaintifl's counsel. This order for their re-
moval was the first and only order made by Judge
Watrous in the cases. lie could not have made
it at'an earlier period. The law is, not that a
judge shall transfer a case in which he may hap-
pen to be interested, when he makes that interest
known, or at any other time that may suit his
convemcnce; but it can be done on the motion of
either party; and, until that motion is made, he
has no power to act. In this case, the judge made
the order as soon as the opportunity presented
itself, and the cases were not retained in his court
by anything that he did a single day.
And to sliow most clearly that the defendants
were not injured by the delay, it is expressly
proved that the cases were continued by consent;
and Mr. Taylor says that he went to Austin, at
the time they were transferred" from Austin to
New Orleans, with the expectation of making a
showing for continuance, because he was not
ready for trial. How, then, have the defendants
been injured by delay, when they have not asked
for a trial at any time; have always continued the
cases by consent; and were prepared to make a
showing for another continuance when the coun-
sel for tile plaintiff, in justice to his clients, would
wait no longer, and made the application to the
judge to have die cases tried by the court?
I cannot find in the testimony the slightest
proof of a desire on the part of any of the defend-
ants to get a trial of these cases. No such appli-
cation was ever made to Judge Watrous; and to
the very last of the cases in Austin, they weie
about (as Mr. Taylor says) to make an applica-
tion to the judge for further delay, because they
were not ready; and at New Orleans the same
efforts for delay were continually repeated, and
a trial was had at last, against their strenuous ef-
forts for further delay. What light have they,
under these circumstances, to complain that the
cases were not disposed of at an earlier day?
And the reason for not being ready may have
been, and probably was, the knowledge on the ,
part of themselves and counsel that they be wholly
unable to interpose any successful defense to the
plaintiff's title. The result of the trial in the
highest tribunals of the nation has showed that
they were mere occupants of the land, without
scarcely a color of title. They are disappointed
litigants; and, smarting under a sense of fancied
wrongs which they think they have suffered by
their defeat, seem bent on wreaking their ven-
geance on Judge Watrous, whose conduct, one
way or the other, could have had no influence otf
the distinguished tribunals which finally decided
the cases against them.
A good deal of stress is laid upon the fact that
these cases remained so long in Judge Watrous's
court, and all sorts of sinister motives are attrib-
uted to him to account for it; but the important
fact seems to have been wholly overlooked, that
the defendants themselves were never ready for
a trial. What possible advantage could accrue
to Judge Watrous from delay? Men never act
without motive. Wha,t motive could have in-
fluenced the Judge, and caused a desire on his part
to delay the trials ? There is nothing in the record
to show an unwillingness for trial. The testi-
mony shows that Mr. Lapsley was urging the
termination of the litigation. Mr. League was
angry at the delay. The proof was all in the
possession of the plaintiff, and was entirely doc-
umentary; there was no parol proof in the case.
Was it his object to wrong the settlers and force
them into compromises ? It will be borne in lmrid
that tlieie is no proof that any defendant had pre-
pared his case and asked for a trial. All the proof
there is upon this point is the other way. They
were unprepared at the time of the calling the
cases in Galveston, at the return toim, 1851, and
continued the cases by consent; they were trans-
ferred to Austin at the January term, 1852.
At the term of the court in 1853, (the court sat
at Austin but once a year,) they were still unpre-
pared, and again continued the cases by consent;
no effort being made to call them up for trial. At
the term when they weie removed by Judge
Hughes's motion, they were still unprepared; and
Mr. Taylor states that he was about to make a
motion for a continuance, as he was not ready
with Ins testimony, when he learned that the cases
were to be transferred. At New Orleans, the same
desire for delay manifested itself, and a motion
for a continuance was vehemently insisted on.
So, to the very last, there was no desire to try the
cases, but, on the contrary, a continued, persist-
ent, and strenuous effort for further delay. Who
is responsible for this ? Judge Watrous certainly
cannot be. There is not found, in all this testi-
mony, a single fact to show that lie desired this
delay; and, least of all, that he procured it. If
theie be, I challenge its production. On the con-
trary, the strongest motives which govern human
conduct are found to influence linn to a course
directly the reverse. He was opposed to com-
promises, and at all times resisted them; save on
one occasion, when he gave a letter to Mr. Bur-
rell Thompson to cairy to Mr. League, in which
he expressed his willingness to compromise in
his case, because Mi. Thompson was an old Ala-
bama fnend. In all other cases he resisted a com-
promise; ho said" there was nouseof it,because
there was a case which would settle the matter,"
(referring to the case of Hancock and McKin-
ney,) "and the land was worth a great deal of
money."
It will be recollected that Judge Watrous and
Mi-. League had given their joint note for their
part of the purchase money, which was drawing
interest. Now, when he needed the money to pay I
this note, and to relieve him from "embarrassed
circumstances," with a title which he never doubt-
ed, as Mr. League tells you, with the prospect of
getting this latge fund under his control, which
a trial would accomplish, (as the event proved,)
and he opposed to any compromise, did not all the
circumstances conspire, with irresistible force, to
lead him to wish for a speedy trial to end the lit-
igation and furnish him the means of emancipa-
tion from the pressure of debt incuned in the
purchase, and from embarrassments which are
proved by the recoid to exist? Accordingly, we
do not find upon the recoid testimony to prove
that the slightest obstacle was interposed by Judge
Watrous to delay the cases for a single hour.
There is as little testimony to show a desire or
design to make the trial of"the matter in contro-
versy onerous or inconvenient. When apprised
for the first time, by that which transpired in the
committee room in 1852, that his conduct in the
purchase of the land with Mr. Lapsley was ob-
jected to, he furnished his attorney with the
means of instituting suits in the State courts, in
the hope that Mr. Lapsley would substitute them
in lieu of those pending in the Federal courts,
and thus consult the convenience of the settlers
instead of his own.
What motive could have influenced the conduct
of the judge in this movement but a desire to af-
ford the defendants the most convenient possible
means of trying their cases, if they should not be
pleased with the method of trial to which their
counsel had agreed, that is, the substitution of
some one to take the place of Judge Watrous in
the Federal court? What could have moved him
to take this course, but the desire of accommo-
dating the settlers and making the settlement of
the dispute as little inconvenient as possible ?
What advantage could be gained by such an ar-
rangement ? His interests could not by any pos-
sibility be advanced by the proposed substitution
of one court instead of another, save the antici-
pated certainty that the case of McKinney might
control the State court with more certainty than
it would the Federal court. The bringing these
suits with the open and avowed hope of Mr. Laps-
ley's concurrence, clearly shows a desire on Judge
Watrous's part to do anything rather than op-
press the defendants. His wishes were defeated
by Mr. Lapsley's preferring, as he had a right to
do, the Federal to the State courts; for which
preference Judge Watrous is not accountable,and
certainly ought not to be subjected to punishment
or censure. The legal title was, (and.I think it has
been shown,) properly, in Mr. Lapsley. He had
the control, and Judge Wati-ous could do no more
than he did to get the cases tried in the courts of
tile State.
But it is made a matter of grave comment by
my colleagues on the committee, that Judge Wat-
rous " permitted,"—that is the word—these suits
to be brought in his court; and for " permitting"
them so to be brought, he is not " excusable."
Judge Watrous could not help these suits being
commenced in his court, if such was the desire of
Mr. Lapsley, who held the legal title. But it is
said " that the citizens of Texas had by law a
right to the trial of their suits in their own courts,
unless commenced by citizens of other States."
This is conceded;.but while the citizens of Texas
had this right, Mr. Lapsley, living in Alabama,
had an equal right to purchase land in Texas, and
to try his cases in the Federal courts.
But it is assumed by the committee, (for what
proof there is on the point is the other way,) that
the legal title was vested in Mr. Lapsley, for the
purpose of enabling the suits to be brought in the
Federal courts; not that Judge Watrous might
thereby sit as judge in his own cause, (for the
committee do not charge that this was the pur-
pose,) but, they contend that the effect would be
to deprive the defendants of the "chance of a trial
before a jury of tile vicinage." But admitting,
for the sake of the argument, that this was one of
the purposes of vesting the legal title in Lapsley, in
case litigation should be found necessary; admit-
ting that Lapsley, from the start, intended that
whatever litigation there was should be in the
Federal courts—for Mr. Lapsley makes no attempt
to conceal that such was his intention—admitting
all this to be clear; still, it is equally clear that
Judge Watrous, when he first went into the pur-
chase, expected the litigation, if any there should
be, would be in the State courts, and, that all
along, he had no desire to avoid a trial before a
Texan jury. If there is one fact put beyond the
shadow of a doubt by the evidence, it is, that both
Judge Hughes, the counsel, (on whom many im-
putations seem to be oast,) and Judge Watrous,
after the suits came into the district court, were in
favor of substituting some legal gentleman (a
course, it seems, not unusual in Texas) to try the
cases in place of Judge Watrous! The testimony
shows that such an agreement was made by the
respective counsel; and the letters of Mr. Laps-
ley to Judge Hughes show that Judge Watrous
and Judge Hughes were in favor of this course,
putting at rest conclusively, and forever, as it
seems to me, the charge that JudgeWatrous ever
had the least wish or design to deprive the defend-
ants of a trial before a Texan jury.
