22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
the, trouble to write—he gives that to the party
entitled to it " to serve for his title," and no one
acquainted at all with the method of procedure in
countries where the civil law prevails would ever
doubt the validity of such an authentic act. In
this case the tc.slimonio is complete and perfect,
and more than the law requires has been done by
proving the instrument by the method which
prevails "in common law countries, that is by prov-
ing by Doctor Hewitson, the handwriting of the
regidor before whom the paper was executed,
and also the handwriting of the assisting wit-
nesses.
Since the trial in New Orleans the testimony of
Juan Gonzales has been procured. He states,
unequivocally, that the paper was executed before
him, by La Vega and the two Aguirres, at the
time of its date, and according to its tenor. Now,
what disinterested, unprejudiced mind would hes-
itate for a moment as to the proper conclusion in
reference to this testimony. The long acquies-
ence. of La Vega; the testimony of the two un-
interested witnesses, Doctor Hewitson and Juan
Gonzales—one proving positively the handwrit-
ing of the assisting witnesses, the other proving
his own signature and rubric. If this proof will
not satisfy the mind, when it is opposed by the
testimony of interested witnesses alone, and by
the keeper of the archives at Saltillo, who testifies
to an immaterial fact only., I cannot conceive
what would. To illustrate the idea of the com-
mittee, and the true idea; suppose a party should
produce in court the copy of a record, and that
•copy should be found to differ essentially from
the original: the testimony would not be received.
But suppose the law macfe that which claimed to
be a copy the main paper—an instrument, which
proved itself, which required no verification by
being compared with anything else: could it be
repulsed on account of its want of resemblance to
anything else ? Most certainly it could not.; and
here there is abundant proof of the genuineness of
this testimonio, without a resort to the testimony i
of Doctor Hewitson, which was quite utmbces- '
sary, but which was put in, 1 doubt not, through
abundant caution.
It is imputed to Judge Watrous as a crime that
he endeavored to get, and did get, through Mr.
League, testimony to show that the title to the
La Vega land was a good title. He had been in-
strumental in getting his friends in Alabama to
invest their funds to a very considerable amount
in this title. Was it not his duty, to his Ala- i
bama friends as well as to himself, to procure, if j
possible, the testimony necessary to sustain the
title? And what testimony can be imagined more
perfectly proper than that of the magistrate before
whom the contract was completed ? He has not
been connected with the power of attorney by
any testimony except that which shows his ad-
vice to League to search the whole ground and
ascertain whether the paper was a forged one,
after the paper had been attacked by the testi-
mony taken at Saltillo. Before that time he ap-
pears never to have had any connection with the
paper; and there is no proof to show that he has
even seen it to this day.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have a few words to say
in answer to the report of my colleagues on the
Judiciary Committee, on the charges contained in
Mussina's memorial, growing out of the trial of
the Cavazos case, so called.
The wrongful acts of the judge in this case, as
stated in the summing up of the committee, are
as follows:
1. That the judge had no jurisdiction over the
case;
2. That Mr. Hale was improperly admitted as
a witness;
3. The refusal of the judge to compel Mr. Hord
to testify; and,
4. That there was no foundation for the pro-
ceeding against him for contempt.
Now, Mr, Speaker, with groat deference and
respect for the opinions of the committee, I must
yet be permitted to say, that these charges, so far
as they ought to have any weight upon a question
so grave as that of the impeachment of a judge
for "high crimes and misdemeanors," seem to
me to be almost frivolous!
It is not pretended that Judge Watrous had any
interest in this case. There is no motive even
guessed at which could influence or induce the
judge to make a wrongful decision upon any of
these points, or in any way to injure or oppress
Mr. Mussina. He himself does not undertake to
set up any motive. On the contrary, the testi-
mony shows an entire absence of all motive on
the part of the judge to do otherwise than right
in the case ! And that branch of the committee in
favor of an impeachment are constrained to state:
" Tliat there was no evidence before the committee to
show that Judge Watrous had any interest in the subject-
matter of tile litigation ill the Cavazos case," or that lie was
to derive any advantage to himself from his various rulings
in it, or from its final decision in favor of the complainants."
Then, in the absence of all motive, it would be
but fair to presume that the errors in the rulings
in this case, iferrors there be, were errors of judg-
ment upon disputed points, rather than errors
proceeding from corrupt intention on the part of
the judge; but for reasons satisfactory to the com-
mittee, no doubt, no such favorable presumption
is allowed to Judge Watrous.
But are these errors ? The committee under-
take to sit in judgment upon the rulings of Judge
Watrous in this case, and pronounce them all
wrong.
But upon these points there will, at least, I
think, be a difference of opinion among the law-
yers in this House and throughout the country.
I ought not, Mr. Speaker, perhaps even indulge
the hope that I shall be able to show that the judge
was right and my colleagues wrong; but that is
what I propose to attempt in what 1 have further
to say in reference to this case. And, first, as to
the jurisdiction:
The committee say that the court had no juris-
diction, and the exercise of the jurisdiction was
wrongful on two grounds:
" I. The case had no one feature which could give use to
the slightest pretence for subjecting it to the chancery jui is-
diction of the district court."
In answer to this it may be said, that although
the district court, as such, has no chancery pow-
ers, yet the court in Texas where this decree was
rendered has circuit powers, and all the chancery
jurisdiction which a circuit court has this court
could exercise. The committee say that the pro-
ceedings were in opposition to the sixteenth sec-
tion of the judiciary act, which declares that "suits
in equity shall not be sustained in either of the
courts of the United States in any case where
plain, adequate, and complete remedy may be had
at law." Could such a remedy be had in a court
of law in this case ?
To answer this question, let us examine the
bill. The complainants claimed the land by a
grant from the Crown of Spain. It was known
as the " Espiritu Santo'' grant, or as " El Por-
trero del Espiritu Santo," made in 1781, and that
they and their ancestors had had possession of it
for more than sixty years. They charged that
the respondents had set up divers pretended titles
to large portions of the tract of land; that they
had recorded these pretended titles; that they had
laid off a town upon the tract, called Brownsville;
that they had offered to sell portions of the land
and the lots in the town, and to make titles to the
purchasers. The complainants stated that they
feared that they would continue to make these
sales and conveyances unless restrained by injunc-
tion; that by such aets a cloud was cast upon the
title of complainants, and they prevented from
enjoying their rights to the land, or of disposing
of it in any way. The complainants prayed for
an injunction pendente lite, to restrain the defend-
ants from selling or m any way disposing of the
land, and for a decree quieting them in their pos-
session and establishing their title, declaring the
title, or pretended title, of the defendants void, and
ordering them to be given up to be canceled, and
enjoining the defendants forever from setting up
again this title, thus declared to be illegal and
void. Had a court of law jurisdiction over these
subjects? Could it grant the injunction prayed
for pendente lite, or the perpetual in junction against
setting up the title? Suppose there had'been a
verdict at law: could the law court order the pre-
tended title to be given up to be canceled? Could
it remove the cloud from the genuine title ? These
things were prayed for in the bill.
Has a court of law jurisdiction of this charac-
ter? Can it afford this species of rehef? It is per-
fectly manifest that it cannot. It could not grant
the injunction prayed for; itcouldaiot clear off the
cloud from the title; it could nm order the title
found to be defective to be given up and canceled.
It therefore could not afford " adequate and com-
plete relief," and therefore the court of chancery
afforded the only means of obtaining the relief
sought for by the party, and the jurisdiction was
the only one whose interposition would have been
effectual for the protection and preservation of the
complainants'rights. The jurisdiction was there-
fore rightfully invoked ana exercised, as far as
this ground is concerned. Is the judge, then, to be
impeached for sustaining the jurisdiction ? 1
The second ground of objection taken on the
report is, that after the amendment of the bill by
striking out the names of a portion of the com-
plainants and making them defendants, the court
was ousted of its jurisdiction. They (that is the
court of the United States) have no authority
whatever to adjudicate upon questions presented
in a case where the plaintiffs and defendants are
aliens. With great deference, again, to the posi-
tive opinion of the other branch of the committee,
I must be permitted to say, that I do not so un-
derstand the law and decisions upon this point.
The question was presented to the Supreme
Court of the United States at u very early period
of our judicial history. In the case of Mason us.
Ship Rlaireau, (2d Cranch's Reports,) Chief
Justice Marshall delivering the opinion of the
court, decides the court will exercise jurisdiction
in cases w litre bcth the plaintiffs and defendants
are aliens, where none of them object; and that
case has undergone a revision, and its doctrine
reiterated by the Supreme Court. It is now the
settled law of the court, and, of course, of the
country. In the case of Piquignot vs. Pennsyl-
vania Railroad, (Howard's Reports, volume 16*,
page 104,) the Hon. Judge Grier, in delivering the
opinion of the court, reviews the above quoted
case, and approves the doctrine. The time was
when the decisions of such men as Marshall had
weight and auihority upon legal points and ques-
tions. Those times, it seems, have passed away.
There was no objection on the part of any of the
alien parties.
But one word more on this question of jurisdic-
tion. After the bill was amended, it stood before
the court with six of the defendants, including
Jacob M ussma, not aliens, but citizens of the State
of Texas. Now,whatever might be said about the
jurisdiction, so far as the alien defendants are con-
cerned, there can be no possible doubt as to the
question between the alien plaintiffs and these six
defendants; for, as between aliens and the citizens
of any State, the,court has jurisdiction. Now,
admitting, for the sake of the argument, that the
court had no jurisdiction over the case, as far as
the alien defendantsare concerned,still there was
a case before the court where the jurisdiction was
beyond dispute, and the decree would be good so
far as those persons are concerned who were prop-
erly before the court.
As to the admission of Mr. Hale's testimony,
the facts are that he showed that he had a re-
motely-contingent interest in the event of the suit.
A contingent interest does not disqualify a wit-
ness. I Ijave been furnished with a note of the
case of Bngham & McCall vs. John F. Carr, re-
cently decided in the supreme court of Texas, in
which the court say:
" The interest in the event of a suit which disqualifies a
witness. imi.=t bo a legal, fixed, and certain benefit; [they
quote 13 Johnson, 21; 16 Johnson,89; 8Ilowaid,249; 1
(Jowen & fli'l, note J30 ; 2 Smith's Leading Cases, page
114, edition l£\>5;] the certainty or magnitude of the in-
terest, in fact, will not procure disqualification if it want
the requisites of' legal certainty*'J'—'2 Smiles Cases, page
When these rules are applied to Mr. Hale's
testimony it will be found that the decision is not
only correct, but one which the judge could not
avoid making without ruling against the plain and
well-settled principles of law.
Mr. Hord's testimony will also he found in
the book of nine hundred pages. The circum-
stances are these: Mr. Hord's testimony was
objected to on account of his interest in the suit.
When inquired of as to his interest, he stated
that he was interested on both sides, but most on
the side opposed to Mr. Hale's client. Mr. Hale
was the party calling him, and depending upon
bis testimony. He was clearly a competent wit-
ness for Mr. Hale, if he chose to run the risk of
placing him upon the stand. He did choose to
risk the consequences, and offered him as his wit-
ness. Mr. Hord was then asked whether he had
not an interest in opposition to that of Mussina.
