THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1859.
New Series No .70.
oftho Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty j
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 80, 1860, disagreed to by the ;
rlouse of Representatives, and the amendments I
of the House; to other amendments of the Senate;
and, on motion of Mr. HrxTEii, they were re- :
ferred to th^ Comffuttec on Finance. |
HOUSE BILL REFERRED. j
A messasre fiom the Mouse of Representatives '
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced tliat the
House hnd passed a bill (H R. No. 823) regulat- ;
ing the payment of postage on newspapers and
periodicals, and for other purposes: winch was
read twice by rs title, and refeirrd to the Ccm-
niittee on the Po&t Office and Poet Roads. |
PETITIONS AM) MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Jackson and Ingham count i;<s, Michigan,
praying the establishment of a mail loute from
Fianciscoville to Stockbridge; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and ,
Post Roads. 1
Mr.'SE WARD piesented the petition of Cath-
arine Beatty, only child and heir of Barnt de Klyn, j
deceased, praying the payment of certain^ loan-1
office certificates issued by the Continental Con-
gress for moneys loaned to carry on the war, and
which have not yet been paid: winch wusrefeneu
to the Committee on Ilevolutionaiy Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT piesn.ted a peutinn^of citiztns
of Randolph and Putnam counties, 1 ndiana, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route from Nieh-
olsonvillo to New Maysviile; which was leferred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. *
Mr. GrWIN presented the petition ofMary A.
Moore, administratrix of Jacob B. Moore, de-
ceased. late postmaster at San Francisco, praying
compensation for services rendered by her hus-
band as collecting and disbursing agent of the P ost
Office Department, in California; which was le-
ferred to the Committee un the Post Office __ana
Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN A ND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. DURKEE, it wis
Ordered, That William J. Scars have leave to withdiaw
his petition and p^pei^.
On motion of Mr. PuGH, it was
OfdeicJ. That the p-mwi of J"iin 1' lJ.r.-.ni. drac'onnn
at (.'onj-Mntmople. lie withdiawit iiom the tiSc-
ate, and lelened l<> the eoininea-u <•
ited size for the free and exclusive use of actual •
settlers, report them back, and ask that they be i
laid on the table, as the subject has been reported '
upon.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
tOTV'hom was referred the bill (S. No. 413) for
the relief of Mrs. Ann Smith, widow of the late
Brigadier General Persifer F. Smith, reported it
without amendment, and submitted a report on
the subject.
He also, from the «ame committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Abby S. Chaplain,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 586) for the rebef of Abby S. Chaplain. The
bill was read, and passed on a second reading.
Mr. MASON, fiom the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (S.No.
531) to allow to Edward K. Cooper and his as-
signs, being citizens of the United States, the ex-
clusive light of occupying the Island or Key of
Navassa, in the Caubbean pea, for the purpose
of obtaining and selling guano therefrom, report-
ed it without amendment, and rhatjt be postponed
indefinitely. l-Ie. also submitted a report on the
subject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr, lVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 386,) tor
the ielief of Shade Calloway, reported it witjiout j
amendment. j
He aho, from the same committee, to whom ;
' Wi's i\ ferred the bill (II. R. No. 48rf) for the j
uiief of CaShiuM M. Clay, leported it without
amendment
lie also, from the same committee, to whom <
was referred Hie biii (II. R. No. 441) for the re- ]
hef of the Eissignees of Hugh Glenn, reported it j
without amendment. !
lie also, from the same committee, to whom ;
' was referred the bill (H. II. No. 560) for the re- j
lief of Lydia Fletcher, asked to be discharged
from us further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia; which was agiced to.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was leferred the
! petition of Joseph Taylor, postmaster at Gratis,
: Ohio, p.ayni? to be allowed for postage stamps M Fitch:
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, it lies over.
Mr. STUART, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 591) to carry out the Shawnee treaty of May
10, 1854; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. LANE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill to provide for
extending the laws and judicial system of the
United States to the State of Oregon; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DURKEE asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to adjudicate
and settle certain claims against the Menomonee
Indians; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PRINTING OF REPORTS.
Mr. FITCH. Several reports, unimportant,
perhaps, in themselves, have been made by the
Committee on Printing, on which the motion to
concur was not put. I wish that motion to be
now put on the following reports:
The report of the Committee on Printing against
printing the memorial of the Warren Baptist As-
sociation, of the State of Rhode Island;
The report of the Committee on Printing in
favor of piinting the report of the Secietary of
the Treasury, relative to American vessels en-
gaged in-the palm-oil trade on the coast of Africa;
The report of the Committee on Printing in
favor of printing the repoi t of the Secretary of
War, with a copy of the topographical memoir
and map of Colonel Wright's campaign against
the Indians in Oregon and Washington Territo-
ries, and five hundred copies additional thereof,
for the use of the War Department;
The report of the Committee on Printing in
favor of printing the usual-number of the report
of the Secretary of State, on the commercial rela-
tions of the United States with foreign nations,
in quaito form; and
; The following resolution, reported from the
I Committee on Printing on January 7, by Mr.
; !. Relations.
DAILY HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolve.!, That on and jutcr P.ifnidajjiexr. the hou: oj
meeting ol the Senate mui'i be twelve o cloeK, in., oi each
day, until otherwise oidettd.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a petition from cit-
izens of Iowa, praying the establishment ol a
new land district in that State, and also m favor
of dividing certain land distiicts and annexing
them to others, have instructed me to say that
this subject has been before the Department and
before tiie committee, and m their opinion the
expense of either altering the present distiicts or
establishing a new one, would be so large that it
would entirely outweigh all questions of conve-
nience to the inhabitants. I theiefore report
adversely on the petitions.
Mr. STUART. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. INTo. 4(17) extending the
provisions of " An act to enable the State of Ark-
ansas to reclaim the swamp lands within their
limits." to Minnesota, have instructed me to re-
port the bill back with a substitute, winch ex-
tends the provisions of the act to Minnesota and
Oregon, and provides some veiy necessary lim-
itations upon the original act.
Mr. STUART. The same committee, to whom
were referred the several petitions m favor of
laying out the public lands m farms or lots of lim-
70
destroyed' by fire while in his possession, sub-
nutted'a repoit on the subject, and asked to be ,
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agieed to. * '
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom ,
, was referred a resolution of the Legislature of j
Tennessee, in favor of such an amendment of the
; postage laws as will allow any person to indorse
his oi her name on any public document or news-
paper he or she may desire to send to any person
or place in the United States, asked to be dis-
' charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
"Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Tilman Leake, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. So. 590) for the relief of Til-
man Li ake. Tne bill was read, and passed to a
second leading; and the icpoit was ordered to be
printed-. .
Mi. PUGII, from the Committee on^Pubhc
Landa, to whom was referred the bill (>.. No. 5'25)
for tin1 relief of Elias Yulee, late receiver of the
land office in Washington Territory, reported it
with an amendment; and submitted a report on
the .subject, which was ordered to be printed.
j BILLS INTRODUCED,
i Mr. PEARCE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
; No. 589) for the further improvement of the liavi- '
' o-ation of the Patapsco incr, and to render the
port of Baltimore accessible to the war steamers
of the United States; which was read twice by its
title,and referred to the Committee oil Commerce.
Mr. SEW 'VP D. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a bill, not in pursuance
of previous nonce. ,
Mr. BRIGHT. I object,
Resolved. That there he printed, in addition to the u*ual
number, five thousand ropier of the n-poit ot the Mipeun-
tendent of the O >a-t !?uivcv for the y«iu 18">S, fo> di>?tit>u
t on hv *:ud Mipeimtendend; that the same be printed and
bound. \\itii the ehaiu aed *keteho, in qu.uto loim ; and
that the puutmir oi £<ud ehai ts and >k«Hehe!  bhatS be done
to ihc satisfaction of the Supoi intendent of the Coa&t Sur
vey.
Mr. COLLAMER * I desire, to except from
that general list the motion to print the statistics
of commercial relations. I wish to amend that.
Mr. FITCH. By adding extra numbers?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FITCH. Then let the question be taken
on the rest.
The question was put on all the other reports;
and they were agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, I wish to call the
attention of the Senate for a moment to the report
; which has been excepted at my request. _ It is a
i report from the State Department, in continuation
of the commercial statistics which have been
I printed in quarto,in three orfourvolumes four,
! [ think. This is an addition, bringing .,t uP to
i the present time, with the alterations which have
1 been reported by our consuls and ministers.ibroad.
I Ii is proposed now to print the usual number of
! the present report in quarto. I desnc to secure
the printing of an additional number of copies, to
1 correspond"with those copies winch have been
| heretofore printed of the other volumes. I under-
! stand the committee did not really pass upon taat
'• subject, as there was no motion to print extra
' copies referred to them. I desire that the pubh-
! cation of this work, if it is made at alb shall be
i made to correspond with the volumes which have
: been already published.
j Mr. STUART. I submit that if the Scmuor
{ from Vermont desires to accomplish his purpoce,
I the pioper way to do it, and perhaps the only
