1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
way, is for him to move the-printing of the usual
number, and send that motion to the committee,
attho same time recommitting the present report.
I think that will have to be done, under the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Green in
the chair.) The subject of punting extra num-
bers never having been considered by the com-
mittee, the Chair understands that to be- the
proper course.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the chairman of the
committee what number of this document was
printed heretofore?
Mr. FITCH. I d'o not know what extra num-
ber was printed heretofore. There was no ques-
tion before the committee, except as to printing
the usual number of this volume. I prefer that
that motion should be agreed to; and if the Sen-
ator will send a resolution to the committee with
regard to printing extra numbers, they will con-
sider it.
Mr. COLLAMER. My motion is, that an ad-
ditional number of five thousand copies be print-
ed; and the committee, when they have that mo-
tion before them,can consider the whole subject.
I move, at the same time, to recommit this report
with that motion.
Mr. FITCH. I do not understand that there
is any necessity for recommitting this report.
The question can be taken on it.
Mr. HALF. 1 object tonhe consideration of
the report to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report,
has been made several days. !
Mr. HALE. 1 thought it was made this morn- j
ing. I
Mr. COLLAMER. My object is 
Mr. FITCH. I make no objection to the re- :
commitment.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. I desire the whole subject 1
to be before the committor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to recommit this repoit, with instructions to the ,
Committee on Printing to inquire into the pro- 1
pnety of printing five thousand extra copies. i
Mr. COLLAMER. Or such number as the j
committee may recommend. ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairwill 1
put the motion in that way. :
The motion was agreed to. j
THE SITE OF FORT DEARBORN.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a memoiial of citi-
zens of Chicago, Illinois, together with a bill to ,
legalize a sale that was made in 1839, of Fort ;
Dearborn, have instructed me to recommend the
passage of the bill. This sale was made in pur- j
suancc of a law of Congress, through the Secre- i
tary of War, and under the direction of the Presi- J
dent of the United States. It is thought, however, i
that some question has been recently made as to !
the validity of that title. *It is within the city of !
Chicago, covered by improvements that are im- j
mensely valuable, and the bill proposes to confirm i
that fale. I confess, that my own opinion is,
that the sale is valid now; but it is a question of ;
such vital importance to the owners there, that a j
law of Congress is deemed necessary. The com- I
nuttee report the bill favorably, and I think I am
justified m asking the indulgence of the Senate
for five minutes, u will not take longer, to pass :
the bill. It is very important that it should be- !
come a law at this session. !
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider ,
the bill (S. No. 565) to legalize the sale of the j
southwest quarter of section ten, m township
thirty-nine, north of range fourteen, east of the
third principal meridian, in the State of Illinois.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the thud
time, and passed.
FRANCIS HUTTMANN. :
Mr. CLAY. The committee on Commerce, to .
whom was referred the memorial ofFraneis Hutt- !
mann, piaying the return of tonnage and light I
duties exacted and paid by him on Peruvian, 1
Danish, and German vessels, have directed me to
report a bill for his relief. I wish the Senate j
would indulge me by the passage of the bill 'it |
once. We have had some ^540 of this man's
money, illegally exacted from him, m our use j
now for ten years, and ali the bill provides is to I
pay him back the money, and the interest on itat j
six per cent. I think the bill ought to pass. He i
claims some consequential damages, and some of
the committee were inclined to give him more;
but we compromised on giving him what nobody ,
certainly can refuse.
Mr. PUGH. That is an extraordinary bill.
The bill (S. No 588) for thejelief of Francis
Hiittman was read, and passed to a second read- ,
ing. • ;
Mr. GWIN. I hope it will be considered now.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of :
the Whole. ■ * :
It dirccts the Secretary of the Treasury to ad-
just the claim of Francis Hiittman for return of
tonnage and light duties illegally exacted and
paid by him on Peruvian, Danish, and German j
vessels, at the port of San Francisco, California,
and to pay him the amount due, with interest, at !
the rate of six per cent, per annum from the date |
of the exaction of the duties; but nothing m this
act is to be construed to authorize the payment ,
of any damages arising in consequence of the il-
legal exaction of the duties.
The bill was reported to the Senate without .
amendment, ordered to be engrossed foi a third ■
leading, read the third time, and passed. ;
GEORGE FISHER. .
Mr. SIMMONS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Thomas Brown, administrator of George
Fisher, deceased, to report a joint resolution, and ;
I ask that it be put on its passage now. It is
merely an explanatory resolution. At the last,
session of Congress we devolved the duty of set- 1
liing this claim on the Secretary of War by a joint '
resolution, and this is merely explanatory of that i
resolution. j
There being no objection, the joint resolution 1
(S. No. 80) relating to the claim of George 1
Fisher, late of Florida, deceased, was read twice
by its title, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. i
It dire cts that the joint resolution of the last j
session, approved June 3, 1858, devolving upon
the Secretary of War the execution of the act of [
Cungiess entitled " An act supplemental to the j
act therein mentioned," approved December 22, :
1854, shall be so construed as to authorize the j
Secretary of War to reexamine and settle the ac- 1
count therein referred to, and to admit the deposi- '
lions formerly rejected for wantofauthentication*
if they are now duly authenticated by the Execu- ,
tive of Alabama, and allow such items in the ac-
count as are proved to be true, and are in any ,
wise affected by such testimony, without disturb-
ing those not so affected.
The joint lesolutiori was repoitcd to the Sen- 1
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
BRIG CALEDONIA.
Mr. BELL. The committee of conference ap-
pointed on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 218) for the ben-
efit of the captors of the British brig Caledonia,
have come to an agreement, the particulars of
which will be found m the brief report i present.
The committee were unanrmous. ;
The icpoit was read, as follows:
The roinmiuee of eo'ie'rence upon the disUL'rerinir vote>
of the two Houses on the h:!i oi the ITou^e (No. -2S8) en-
titled •• An itel tor the he up til el tho captors ot" the Bnush
h  13 Oiik'doinii in the war of IfilQ.5-1 having met, nlVii a full
and lieu conference have a^r ed to recommend to then
lespeciivc lIou?es a.-> follows :
That the Houm; of Repf-M-nt iiivc^ do agree to the
amendmemof the Senate, wiih the following amendment:
m-e:t the words, " the widows ot the captor, il anv ; and ■
if none, then to .iicir children or gumdcinUiten, bat not to
co]i.\t< ral lint:,."
Tint the House of Ripiesentauve5; do eonem m the sec-
ond and third amendments of the tfen-ito.
That the ffou&e ol llepie-enranves do concur jn the
fourth amendment of the iVitaio. with the follow mg amend-
ment: m&cit the woids ''widows, it any; arid if none,
then to their chikiien or giamlchildien, but not to collateral :
liens."'
And that the Senate do concur ju the aai.l amendment
to the amendment; of the Senate.
JOHN BELL, ' :
C. (J. CLAY, Jr., j
Muna^cri on the part of the Senate. ,
JOII\T inCK?>TAN.
J. MORRISON HARRIS, ;
Managers on fhe pari of the i/quse. !
Mr. PUGH. Is that bill here >
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi\,Fitzfat-
rick.) The Chair understands that the bill is not
hero.
Mr. PUGH. Then I object to the consider-
ation of it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie
over.
Mr. BELL. I should be glad to have that
question settled. The Senator has taken the po-
sition wUich I did in this body upon a very im-
portant measure; but the Senate overruled me.
The PRESipiNG OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Teu4fcssee, that, under
the rule, all repoits must lie over one day if ob-
jected to. Does the Senator from Ohio withdraw
his objection ?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir.
Subsequently a message was received from the
House of Representatives, announcing that the
House had concurred in the report of the con-
ference committee.
Mr. PUGH. I objected this morning to the
consideration of the report of a committee of con-
ference, because we had not the bill. The House
has coneusred in the leportand sent the bill to
us. I therefore withdraw my objection, and ask
that the question be taken on concurring in the
report.
The report was concurred in.
E, GEORGE SQUIER.
Mr. POLK. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, to whom was referred the petition of E.
George Squier, have directed me to report a bill
for his relief. It provides for the payment of
$4,500 to him.
The bill (S. No. 587-) for the relief of E. George
Squier, late charge d'affaires to the Republic of
Central America, was lead once by its title, and
ordered to a second reading. *
Mr. DIXON". I wish the Senate would grant
me the indulgence of taking up that bill reported
by the Senator from Missouri, and consider it at
this time. It is a matter of great importance to
a very worthy man; and I think, if the Senate
will listen to the report, they will pass it without
any time being occupied on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
ponsent, the bill maybe considered mow. The
Chair hears no objection.
The bill was rend a second time, and'eonsid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Tieasury to pay to E. George
Squier, late charge d'affaires of the United States
to Guatemala, tiie sum of §1,500, for services
and expenses incurred by him, as charge d'af-
faires to the Republic of Central America, during
the years 1849 and 1850.
Mr. HUNTER. How did that bill get before
the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent
Mr. POLK. If the report is not read, and the
bill is to be put on its passage, it is perhaps fair
thatl should state the circumstances. Mr. Squier
was appointed chaige to Nicaragua. He went
there. He also received letters of credence to
each one of the other four Central American States.
He remained there from September until April.
He leturned home, on leave of absence, in April.
The letter that gave him that leave was highly
complimentaiy to him. He negotiated treaties
with four of the Central American States. Two
of those treaties were sent to the Senate. One of
them was not sent, because it was superseded by
another arrangement; and the otheronewas with-
held, perhaps for political consultations.
Mr. Squier claimed compensation and outfit to
each one of those Central American States; and
also claimed salary from the time at which he
arrived heie until he was superseded. Shortly
aftei the death of General Taylor, he was super-
seded. The Committee on Foioi°n Relations re-
fused to allow him the salary, he having received
an lnfit, and he being told at the Department at
the time that he might have either the salary or
the outfit, but not both. He chose the outfit, and
the committee refused to let him have the salary.
Then the Committee on Foreign Relations gave
him one outfit of $4,500 only—not one for each
of those Central American States to which he was
accredited, and with which lie held diplomatic
iuteicourse. They gave him one outfit. He
