24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
ferment of articles of impeachment against him for high
crimes and misdemeanors.
Upon which the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Billinghurst] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Mr. Speaker, the
House of Representatives is engaged in one of
the most important duties which it can be called
upon to perform. It is proceeding towards the
impeachment of a Federal judge. The tenure of
office of the Federal judges, unlike that of either
of the other branches of Government, is for life,
or during good behavior. If the President of the
United States is guilty of crimes or misconduct in
office it does not necessarily compel us to resort
to this extraordinary power of impeachment, in
order to remove him from office. The people
can remove him periodically. So with the legisla-
tive department of Government. The people can
periodically reach the members of that branch of
the Government. But with the judiciary, where
the tenure of office is for life, or during good be-
havior, the only method of reaching it is by the
method the House is now engaged in. The peo-
ple regard the office of judge as a higher and more
sacred office than that of any other functionary
under this Government. They look to it for
purity, for integrity, and for ability.
In this case a Federal judge is arraigned for
official misconduct, and we are called upon to say
whether that conduct is such as in our judgment
requires that he should be put upon his trial be-
fore the Senate, that we may be rid of an unjust
and corrupt officer of the Government. It is not
with the man, we are dealing; it is with the officer.
Itis not whether Judge Watrous is to be benefited
or injured by this proceeding; it is a proceeding
in which the public have an interest—to preserve
in its purity the administration of the law.
My purpose, Mr. Speaker, will not be so much
to discuss the legal and constitutional questions
involved in this case, as to present, in as connected
and condensed a manner as possible, the testi-
mony which has been taken before the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. From expressk ns upon the
part of gentlemen around me, yesterday, when
the special order was reached, I judge that a
portion of the House have not made as full prep-
aration to meet the case as its importance de-
mands; not such to' enable them to arrive at a
just, proper, and sound conclusion. To enable
gentlemen as much as is in my power to anive at
such a conclusion, it is my purpose to present as
clearly as possible the evidence which has been
adduced; and in doing so I shall present first
what I consider the points involved in the ease,
and then apply the evidence to them.
In the first place, in my judgment, the evidence
taken in this case charges Judjje Watrous with
entering into a conspiracy with League, Liipsley,
and others, for the unlawful institution of suits m
his own court, with iiftent to remove them to a
neighboring State to deprive the defendants of i he
right of a trial by a jury of the vicinage; with con-
spiring with League, Lapsley, and others, to de-
prive citizens of Texas ot their lands by the use
of false or forged title papers, knowing the same
to be false or forged, aud with the publication of
such false or forged title papers; with having sat
in the trial of a case where his interest was such
as should have disqualified him; with entering into
partnership, in the hope of gain, with leading lit-
igants in his court pending litigation—such part-
ners and judge having the same counsel, and such
counsel being in pai tnership with the same liti-
gants; and with favoritism on the part of the judge
towards such counsel; with permitting repeated
improper practices on the part of the officers of
his court to go unrebuked.
I may be permit! ed, at the risk of being charged
with repeating what was said yesterday, to give
very briefly a history of the leading transaction
in which misconduct is imputed to the judge. By
a law of Mexico, previous to the independence of
Texas, citizens of thai State could, by depositing
in theTreasury ^1,000, receive fi om the Secretary
of State a grant of kind of eleven leagues, winch
amounted to about forty-eight thousand acrea.
In 1850, two brothers, Raphael de Aguirre and
.Tostl Maria de Aguirre, and Thomas de la Vega,
their brother-in-law, deposited in the Treasury
§3,000, and received from the Secretary of State,
in pursuance of the laws of Mexico, a grant in
one paper of three eleven-leagues, to those three
individuals in severalty. In 1852, the grantees
made apower of attorney to Samuel M. Williams,
then a citizen of Texas, to locate and survey these
several grants. A few days afterwards the power
of attorney to locate and survey was executed.
Samuel M.Williams received, it is said on the
part of Judge Watrous, apower of attorney from
the same parties to sell and convoy these same
lands.
It is alleged on the part of the memorialists,
that Thomas de la Vega and Raphael de Aguirre
never executed this last power of attorney; but it
is conceded that they executed the first power of
attorney. In 1850, in the month of May or June,
Thomas M. League, a citizen of Texas, a land
speculator and a client of Judge Watrous before
the judge went upon the bench, and a confiden-
tial and intimate friend afterwaids, went to Judge
Watrous, and proposed to him to unite in buying
the eleven-league tract,which was located by virtue
of the grant to Thomas de la Vega. JudgoWatrous
asked if the title was good. Mr. League said that
Judge Hughes had examined it. The contin-
gency of litigation was then and there discussed.
Judge Hughes was the confidential and profes-
sional adviser of Judge Watrous, and he was the
confidential adviser and legal counsel of Thomas
M, League. Judge Watrous replies, " I have not
the means; but I have friends in Alabama who
will invest, if the title be good." lie wrote to his
friends in Alabama. They consisted of five citi-
zens of Selma, namely, Messrs. Lapsley, Frow,
Price, Pluttenberg, andGoldsby. After receiving
the letter of Judge Watrous, two of these gentle-
men, Mr. Frow and M*- Price, leave Selma and
go to Galveston, meet with Judge Watrous and
Mr. League and Judge Hughes, and hold a con-
sultation. Then Mr. Frow, Mr. League, and
Mr. Price go together to this land on the Brazos,
abouttwo hundred and fifty miles from Galveston,
examine it, are satisfied with its quality and its
value, return to Galveston, and come to an un-
derstanding, snbjcct to the approval of their friends
remaining m Alabama. Mr. League, up to this
time, has paid Judge Watrous for ins services for
an examination of the title. Thereupon, Frow
and Price retain Judge Hughes, and agree to give
him a retaining fit of $500 to conduct the litigation
that shall grow oat of the purchase. This was in the
month of June, 1850.
These gentlemen returned to Alabama. No-
body in Texas knew anything of this transaction
but the individuals I have named, and Edwin
Shearer, the brother-in-law of Price, who was
present when the proposition was made by
League to the judge. They reported at Selma,
m Alabama, to their confederates, (an expression,
in my judgment, fitting this case,) and, in the
month of July, as early as the 9th, Judge Wat-
rous, with his friend, Thomas M. League, ap-
peared at that place, and the transaction was there
perfected; Thomas M. League, but a few days
before, having received a conveyance from Mrs.
St. John, who held this land under a conveyance
from Samuel M. Williams, the original attorney
who, I believe, was the brother of Mrs. St. John.
They agreed to pay League nine thousand and odd
dollars for the land. The Alabamagentlemen ad-
vanced the consideration, and the deed was taken
from League in the name of John W. Lapsley
alone, Judge Watrous and Thomas M. League
retaining one half—that is, one quarter each—and
the five-Alabama gentlemen the other half, or one
tenth each. It is shown by the evidence that it
was understood by the parties that litigation was
anticipated, and that it should he in the Fedeial
court. I might cite the evidence of Lapsley, of
Frow, of League, of Shearer, and the answer of
Judge Watrous, all to this point. When the gen-
tlemen I have named visited the land on the
Brazos, they found ten or a dozen settlers there,
with houses and other improvements. They as-
certained that there were head-right certificates
located upon it. Litigation was talked about, and
Judge Hughes was retained to take care of the
litigation and to institute the suits, before the
transaction was completed. Mr. League after-
wards, in receiving a portion of the money, said
that he had received $500, and paid it over to
Judge Hughes as his retainer, pursuant to the
agreement of Frow and Price, at Galveston, in
June prior.
It is said, Mr. Speaker, that up to this time
Judge Watrous knew nothing about the title to this
land; and that he took no part in the transaction.
The evidence shows this: That at Selma, Lapsley
demanded from League a warranty deed. Laps-
ley said that he did so for the purpose of testing
the faith of League in his title. League hesitated,
Lapsley insisted. Judge Watrous, who was in
the room at the time, said that Judge Hughes had
declared the title to be good; and League there-
upon executed the warranty deed. I trust that
members will remember this point, because I have
to connect it with another, which will stamp this
transaction as one of a very black character. Was
Judge Watrous ignorant of this matter? Was he
a mere idle spectator? My idea is, that Judge
Watrous knew as much of this as. any party to
the transaction. The evidence shows it. A man
who designs to commit a crime does not do it in
open day light. It is not done in a bold manner.
He, on the contrary, goes stealthily to work and
seeks to cover up his tracks. Mr. League, in his
testimony, said that he did not know-who paid
the balance of this money, nor how it was paid.
On page 227, the question is asked of Mr. League,
as to this particular payment to Mrs. St. John,
and his answer was, " I cannot tell."
Now, to another point, to show whether Judge
Watrous was indifferent in this transaction, a
mere idle spectator. I refer to the testimony of
G. W. Paschall, at page 434. In the concluding
remarks of his testimony he says:
" In justice to all paiUes, I ought to add that I was pre-
pared to believe it, [something that had been said to him
confidentially about VVafrous's interest in the La Vega
tract.] because I had known that in the purchase of Hie
La Vega tiact, Judge Watrous had drawn a draft upon
Lausley, which passed through my hands as attorney for
Mrs. St. John."
So it appears that after this transaction was per-
fected at Selma, Judge Watrous was in fact the
paymaster and agent of these parties; and yet he
would have the country to understand thathe was
a silent recipient of the benefits of this transaction
for which he paid no consideration. Mr. Speaker,
I beg gentlemen of the House to consider whether
or not Judge Watrous had any interest in these
sixty thousand acres of land, valued at from five
to ten dollars per acre by the owners, but at the
lowest estimate worth $300,000. A quarter of
this—the amount of Judge Watrous's interest,for
which he has not paid a cent to this day—would
be $75,000. The evidence shows that in the liti-
gation and care of this property, these parties
have already paid over twenty thousand dollars;
and though Judge Watrous is the owner of one
fourth of the property, he has not paid a cent.
This transaction looks to me as though League
had scented the game, but was not the sportsman
to bring it down. He applies to Judge Watrous,
and Judge Watrous is not a sportsman either, but
has sportsmen in Alabama at his command. He
summons them and puts them in pursuit of the
game. They bring it down, and get one half of
it, while League is to have a quarter and Wat-
rous is also to have a quarter; and at the same
time the use of his court is to be permuted to de-
prive the defendants in Texas of trial by jury in
that_ State. I am asked whether there was any
particular understanding that the court was to be
used for that purpose; and ff gentlemen will look
at the report made by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, at the last session, and to his speech of yes-
terday, they will sec what wes the evidence 011
that point. Lapsley, in his letter of instructions
to Judge Hughes, in the fall ot 1850, before the
suits were commenced, said he thought it was
understood by ail the parties when at Selma, that
these suits were to be bi ought in the Federal court
ofTexua, to be removed to New Orleans, as they
were afraid of a Texan jury.
There is an attempt m part of the evidence
to show that Judoft Watrous desired to have this
litigation m the State courts. I will tell you how
much that amounts to. In 1852, when Mr. Alex-
ander and others were here preferring charges
of impeachment against Judge Watrous, it here,
for the first time, leaked out, so as to be known
beyond the circle of the judge's particular friends
and dependents, that he was interested in this
La Vega tract, and that litigations were going on
in his court in the name of Lapsley in regard to
it. Thereupon he, here in-Washington, imme-
diately borrows of his friend, James S. Holman,
$200, and pays it to Judge Hughes, also here in
Washington, to go home to Texas, and bring
suits in the State courts. That, however, was
