1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
claimed, however, in the meantime, his traveling
expenses from one of those capitals* to the other,
tuid he said that his clerk hire.had been very-
heavy. The committee supposed, however, that
$4,500 would be sufficient compensation for all
that, and gave him one outfit. I will state that
that was a deviation from what had been the case
in some five or six different instances. In one of
those cases it was stated in committee, by those
who were in the Senate at the time, (and the par-
ticular case £an be given by the chairman of that
committee if the Senator desires it,) that where
the Committee on Foreign Relations reported
against a claim f&r outfits where the party had
been accredited to another State than the one to
which he was originally sent as charge d'affaires,
and that question came up before the Senate af-
terwards, the Senate overruled the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and allowed an additional
outfit. In tins instance, however, the committee
give him only one.
Mr. HALE. I do not think, from the state-
ment of the Senator, that this bill ought to pass.
This is private bill day, and I think we had bet-
ter devote our time to some honest claims of poor
people that have been waiting here for years, in-
stead of giving this diplomatic representative ex-
tra pay. I piesume Mr. Squiers got all he was
legally entitled to, and I hope the time of the Sen-
ate will not be taken up with this bill. This is
private bill day, and there are a great number of
bills on the Calendar which we ought to proceed to
th£ consideration of, and I think it would be well
enough to let this diplomat wait. .1 am opposed
to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
call the special order at twelve o'clock.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to state what Mr. Squier
actually did; and when the Senator from New
Hampshire heais it, I think he will let the bill
pass. Mr. Squier was appointed under General
Taylor, in 1849. He was appointed charge to
Guatemala at a salary of $4,500 a year. Subse-
quently ho received, as has been stated, special
powers and instructions to each of the States of
San Salvador, Nicaragua, Honduras, and Costa
Rica, with all of which he held diplomatic rela-
tions, and with three of which he made treaties.
For these extraordinary services, notwithstand-
ing the largely increased expendituies which he
incurred, he received no return whatever. Now,
it does seem to me that he is entitled to compen-
sation for those extra services. I do not wish to
take up the time of the Senate with a statement
of the case. I think if it was understood, the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, and every other Sen-
ator, would allow it to pass.
Mr. HALE. If I understand the case it is this:
he was appointed charge to Guatemala, and re-
ceived his outfit. He received his whole salary,
and received an infit.
Mr. POLK. No, sir. He received an infit;
but did not receive salary from the time he left
until he was superseded. The Department save
him the alternative euiior to receive the infit or
the salary down to the tune he was superseded;
but not both. lie chose to take the infit. The
committee.then refused to give him the salary.
Mr. HALE. Weil, sir, I think he has been
paid just exactly what ho ought to be paid. This
paying of double salaries, because a man rides
about m Central America, where some of the king-
doms are not so large as many of the counties in
our State, I do not approve of. 1 take it, they are
very small affairs.
A Senator. Not kingdoms.
Mr. HALE. They are sometime governed as
kingdoms, sometimes as republics, and sometimes
by a mob. 1 know tlrat when one of our minis-
ters (Mr. Stevens) went down there, he couid nof
find any Government at all. If the minister re-
ceives an outfit and salary, it is all he ought to
have, unless you pay him his actual traveling ex-
penses that he incurred in traveling from one Gov-
ernment to another; but this §4,500 he ought not
to have.
•Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senator, that
the precedents on which this is based, are six in
number, commencing with Mr. Murray, in 1800,
going on with Air. Madison, in 1804, down to
the present case. I will also state, accoidmg to
my recollection, what was stated by the chair-
man and other members of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, in the case of Mr. Pendleton,
of Virginia, in 1852, who was charge to Buenos
Ayres, and afterwards had letters of credence to
the Argentine Confederation and the Republics
of Paraguay and Uraguay. The Committee on
Foreign Relations reported against his claim, at
least to the extent to which he preferred it, and
when# came before the Senate, the Senate over-
ruled the action of that committee, and gave him
a compensation that corresponded with what had
been the precedents theretofore. The committee
say to Mr. Squier, although you were accredited
to four States in addition to the one to which you
were originally sent, and though you made ne-
gotiations with each of those four States, and
effected treaties, we will not give you an outfit
except for one of them. "We agreed to give an
outfit for one.
I wiU stale to the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire that that was done, I believe, by the
committee, mainly on this consideration that that
would be about a fair compensation for the addi-
tional expense and travel to which he had been
put, in going to, and negotiating treaties with,
these four other Central American States. They
could not tell, they had not the means before them,
the exact co&t to which he was put in traveling,
lie said that he had bought hoises and mules, and
I had to travel with his own establishment and
| carry his own provisions; but we could notgo into
i that account, and we suppose that $4,500, the
; amount of an infit of a charge to one of the Cen-
| tral American States, would indemnify him. We
I were willing to give that, and that is the amount
; reported.
| Mr. CLINGMAN. There is one additional
; reason why I shall vote for this bill. It comes
; within the reason of several bills which have been
! passed by Congress, heretofore. The cases of
: Messrs. Pendleton and Svhenck and others, are
fiesh in the recollection of gentlemen; but I desire
! to vote for it upon this ground 
| Mr. POLK. Will the Senator allow me one
| moment ? I only wish to state this other fact,
! that the report made on this case by the Com-
t mittee on Foreign Affairs, in the other House,
; allowed him $9,000.
| Mr. CLINGMAN. I am very glad to hear
i that. I was auout to say, however, that during
I the time this gentleman was there, he made very
! active and energetic efforts to advance American
! inteiests in that country generally. If theie was
; any complaint made against him at all, it was
I tnat he was too pressing. Any Senator who
looks at the condition of things in that country,
and the efforts made by our great rival there, wiii
be satisfied that he could not possibly have gone
further than the British ministers and agents, and
simply because lie manifested very great Zealand
energy, while m that country, in his efforts to ad-
vance the interests of the United States, in which
1 think our ministers arc too slack, I would vote
for it upon that ground, if it did not stand upon
just grounds independent of it.
Mr. POLK. Let me r.ead to the Senator a por-
tion of the letter of General Cass, sent to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the other House,
in regard to this claim. He says:
<l Mr. Squid's scivicesin Central America weie regarded
by the Purulent anil by the Department as ofgieat import-
ance and value, at a ino^t inuue^unji juncture of our rela-
tions m that quaner, and especially in connection with the
negotiation'? which were going oti here at the same time
Willi Great Biitam. He was informed on the '2dth October,
3849. tint' the Pie-ident has been gratified with the intel-
ligence and activity evinced' by him ; on the 20th Novem-
ber, that the Depnitmi'nt 'justly appreciated his energy,
zeal, and alaliaand ho was • especially thanked for the
valuable infounatioa contained in i.h dispatcher..' On the
■ "iih ol Mti\. lfOO, i'c wa- told that his   eMiduct in the ne-
iiotuuon ofthe Meaty wan NV ua^ua. v\Inch wa-the meat
iiiiMne^ or In- minion, h<w been highly appioved in his
' Government ' Inu'pK to an application for leave of ab-
: MMice, the Department" .-latod to ii'in that • the eneigv and
! -/-\il which he had exhibited in the pubhc service and the
1 state or his health entitled him to it ' Mi. Squier aecord-
! inglv came home undei that leave ; whilst heie, a new Ad-
i ministration was oiganized, and he was superseded."
' Mr. HUNTER. If the vote is about to be
! taken on this bill, I will not interpose. [*< Let us
1 vote."]
| KING. How did this bill come before
! us? Is there a report of the facts of this case (
The PRESI DING OFFICER. 11 was reported
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
1 considered by unanimous consent.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in the case? If
' there is, I should like to hear it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ There is a
written report accompanying the bill.
Mr. HALE. Let us hear it.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it competent for me to
submit amotion to postpone all prior orders,-and
take up the appropriation bill? . .
Mr. JONES. Let us pass this bill. . „ *
Mr. HUNTER. But Senators want to hear the
report read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Virginia that there
is a matter before the Senate. This bilhis now
befoie the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. B1GLER. The Senator can move to post-
pone the bill. /
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly. Is
the reading of the report called for?
Mr. ALLEN, i ask that the report may be
read.
Mr. POLK. I hope the vote will be taken
now.
Mr. HALE. Let the report be read. [«« Oh,
no!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the reading
of the report demanded ?
Mr. HALE. Yes,*sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Committee on Foreign Relations^ to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of E. George Squier, late charge d'af-
faires of the United States to the Republic of Guatemala,
praying additional compensation for extraordinary services
performed by him during his mission, have had the same
under consideration, and now repoit:
The memorial sets forth that, on the2d Api 11,1849, the me-
morials was commissioned as charg6 d'affaires of the Uni-
ted States to the Republic ol Guatemala,and also foimally ac-
credited to the Republics of San Salvador. Nicaragua, Costa
Rica, and Jiomluia*, hy separate letters to the ministers for
foieiguaffaiis of those Governments; that the President also
eonterred upon him, in due hum, full and separate powers
to negotiate treaties with the Governments of Guatemala,
San Kalvadot, Nicaragua, Ilonduias. and Costa Rica; that,
with the fir&t foui ot thei*e Republics", he concluded import-
ant treaties, two of which wete ratified by the Senate; that,
in carrying on correspondence, and conducting negotiations
with five different Governments at the same time, he was
compelled to employ two secretaries, for which no com-
pensation was allowed hiin ; that, in collecting information
with regal d to the piaetirabiht} of a ship canal between the*
two oceans, through Nicaragua, in accordance with his in-
structions, he necessarily traversed the State in eveiy di-
rection, and spent conpidei able sums of money in piooiiring
pioper instiuinents, and many weeks of tune.
That in June, 1850, he returned to the United Statps on
leave of absence from the Sccietaryof State, and whilst
here a new Administration came into power, and he was
superseded on the 13th September following. That upon
the settlement of his aceounts-at the Depaitmetu, lie was
allowed a salary only to the tune of Ins leaving Central
America, together with the usual infit of a chaigd d'af-
faires.
In consideiation of these fact*, the memorialist n?k<* that
he may be allowed a sum equal to an outfit of a chargd
d'affaires to each ot the lepuhhcs to which he was com-
missioned, and with which he opened lelations; and also
tor the sai.uy accmnisr between the Q^th June, the date of
his leave, and the JJth September, the date of his recall;
and m *uppoit of Ins claim reters to allowances heretofoie
made in similar cases, namely: to Mr. Mui ray, in 1^00; Mi.
Madison, m IfcKM; Mr. Pirikney, in IB0G ; Messrs. Scltenck
and Pendleton, in 1; and Mr. Ken, in 1S54.
It further appears that the Secretary ol Suite, m a letter
addressed to the Hon I). E. Sickles, of the Committee on
Foieign Aftaus, m the House of Representatives, dated
April 12, 1858, in answer to a call foi infoimation on the
subject, full) sustains the statements of the mcmonaUn re-
gaid to the '• value and impoitanee of the services rendered
by the memorialist at a mo-4 interesting juncture of oui le-
kltions m that rjuaiter, and especially m connection with
the negotiations which were going on here, at the samt
time, with Great Butainand nfter speaking of the energy
and zeal which he had exhibited m the public service as
beuig tucli as justly to entitle the memorialist to the leave
of absence asked lor, and gi anted by the Depaitment, the
Secretary adds:
" The "precedents referred to in the memorial of Mr.
Squier are pertinent to its application. The ( letters of cre-
dence* and ' full powers' bestowed upon the functionaries
named, were documents of precisely the^ame character as
those heiembefoie mentioned as furnished to Mr. aquier."
In the various precedents cited hy the memonahst and
refeired. to hy the Secretary, there may have been peculiar
circumstances which, m the judgment of Congress, justi-
fied their allowance. But in the opinion of the committee,
as a general rule, the purpose and objeet for which outfit*
are allowed to our diplomatic representatives, is mainly to
furnish the means for fitting up necessary establishments
suited to then grade at the Courts to which the> are accred-
ited, without having to draw upon either their salaries or
private resources for that puipose. In this case* it does not
appear that an> such establishments were necessarily fitted
up ; on the contrary, the very brief period (less thanaycar)
during which the memorialist reniainedjii Central America,
renders it more than probable that none such weie required,
except, perhaps, at the Couit wheie he cniefly re&ided
whilst m that country.
In carrying cnu this view, the committee believe that a
reasonable allowance should he madetocovei the expenses
of thij memorialist in from oue Court to another, to-
