1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
gether with clerk hire and other charges incident to tho ne-
gotiation of the heveial tieaues concluded hy him with tlio
republics of Central America, and in the absence of anv
certain data from which toaseeiiam the amount of s-uch
expenses the committee legard ilie ailow .inec of one addi-
tional outfit of $4,500, as amply sufficient for that pmposp,
and recommend it accordingly.
With reference to the claim for $939, for the balance of
salary alleged to be due foi the interval between the date
of hisdepartme from Centra! Amciiea (28th ot June, 1850)
to the tune of his recall, (J3ih or September, 1850,) the
committee aie of opinion that rim decision of this question
rested pioperiy with the Department. If justified by law
and usage in such cases, it wouid doubtless have been al-
lowed in the settlement of his accounts, unless excluded by
special considerations. Unadvised of the peculiar circum-
stances which may have caused the injection of tln-4 item
by the proper accounting officer, m the settlement hereto-
fote made, the committee are not disposed to disturb that
settlement. They tlieieto-o n-poi i <i bill m accordance with
these views, and recommend in passage.
Mr. HALE. It seem1? I was not mistaken, and
the Senator from Missouri was. According; to
the report, he has received an infit. That is what
the report says.
Mr. POLK. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire forgets what I said. The Senator from New
Hampshire said he had received his salary and
an infit. I said no: he had-not received his salary,
but he had received ait infit. The alternative
presented to him by the Department was, that he
might either have an infit or his? salary from the
time he left until he was superseded, and he chose
the in fit > which he tfot, and the salary he did not
get. That is what 1 stated. The Senator from
New Hampshire misundei stood mo.
Mr. HALE. I am obliged to the Senator. Will
the Senatoi be so good as to tell me how long
Mr. Squier was out in Central America-1
Mr. POLK. The dates are stated in tho report.
My_ recollection u*, lie was theie from September
until April; whether tho Aptil of the next year
or the year after 1 do not know; but the dates are
stated in the report.
Mr. IIALLO. Will the Secretary be so good
as to read that poition of it?
Mr. HUNTFR. How much did he get for his
whole compensation?
Mr. POLK. 1 do not know. I think he got
his outfit—$4,500—and his salary up m the time
he left.
Mr. HALTS. Then this diplomat received an
outfit of §4,500, and' he received his salary for
every day he was theie up to the tunc he lift to
come home. It was as long as he ousrlu to have
been paid. lie came home, and while here he
was superseded, and. he icecived an mfu. lie
was out, I think, only .six: months. The Seoie-
tary can read that pai t of the iepoi t.
The Secretary 1 end,as follows:
" In this cai«e iidwcs not appeal that any such e^tabh.-h-
ments were lieeev-.inly mtod up. On The couinnv, the \ my
brief penod (Icsy than a \eai) during winch tho mfMiioual-
ist remained in Comal Amour a. i endei- u moio than piob-
able," &c.
Mr. HALE. He was there, as the Senator
from Missouri stated, from September until A pi i!,
about seven mouths, a ?d he got $4,500 to go
out with; he got his whole salary paid up to the
time he left thu count! y, and he t;ot an in fit be-
sides; and now for the seven mouths ho comes
here and asks $'1,500 moic. if the statement of
that case is not an nrsimmn l against it, 1 Will not
ar^ue it, but simply ask the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
Mr.* HUNTER. I ask- the Senator from Mis-
souri if the Senator from New Hampshire is right
in stating the amount15
Mr. POLK. My impression is, that he is right
in stating the amounts.
Mr. HUNTIiR. Then lie got Something like
eleven oi twelve thousand doShus.
Mi. POLK, How much he got I do not know
I do not know what his salary was. My belief
of the facts is, that he received his outfit; he re-
ceived his salaiy up to the tune he loft the country;
and then he received an iniit. When he came to
settle hi3 accounts, the question was whether lie
should have his infit and his salary, not only up
to the time he left the country, but up to the time
he was superseded. The Department lefused to
give hun the salary up to the time he was supci-
scded. but ueve him his infit. I will state that
what I ha%e said, I have Raid more b"cause tho
Oommhte^ o:i Forei'in Relations have icporhd
an amount h--.^s than has heretofore been leported
under anv* cii cumst.in^es similar to these, i was
informed by old m^ailKis of that committee that
in one case where thev refused to allow to M <\
Pendleton as much as he claiqaed, the Senate of
the United States overruled their judgment and
gave him what he claimcd upon the precedents,
which had preceded. I have nothing to say in
this case further.
Mr. MASON. I hope! shall be induljjd in a
word. When the Senate, some years So, set
the precedent of giving to our foreign ministers
who were abroad, and whilst abroad were sent
on separate and distant missions, a large allow-
ance, as in the case of Schenck and Pendleton, I
thought the allowance was an extravagant one,
and voted against it in the Senate, and s
against it in debate. But I have not known an
instance where an application has been made by
a minisrci resident abroad, who has been accred-
ited to one Court a*d has gone upon a separate
mission, that he did not icceive compensation
for that new duty. In the case of Mr. Kerr—a
case very similar to this—he was accredited to
one of the Central American States, and was
directed to go to another, on a visit only, to
make a treaty; and he was paid an outfit foi it, I
think, tog-ether with his expenses. In the case
of Schenck and Pendleton they visited different
countries and received two outfits; and m the
case of Pendleton, although he was- but a charge
d'affaires, Congress gave him the out fit of a minis-
ter. Now, I respectfully say to the Sen He that
in the case of these y^mlemen it does not seem
altogether fair to give to one of them bread and
to another a stone. This gentleman, while he
was abroad, accredited to one of the Central
American States, by direction of the Executive
visited tinee of them, and made treaties with
some of them. "Besides that, he obtained a vast
amount of valuable infoimatiun, which was an-
pieciated by tho Executive. I thought he should
be allowed, not m pursuance of, but in subordin-
ation to, other precedents, to have at least two
outlets. The committee thought otherwise, and
agreed to give him one. It Would be very haul
to deny him that, I think.
j. Mr. DIXON. The Senator from New Ilamp-
l1 shue stated that Mr. Scpiier was absent six
months; thathe was gone between AprilandSep-
| tember. He was gone from April, 1840, to Sep-
| tember, 1S50, eighteen months instead of six.
j Mr. 11AL12. I took the time as read from the
Ji report at the Secretary's table,and 1 am told now
by the Senator from Connecticut that 1 am mis-
■ taken. I think he is, but I will not argue that.
If tho Senate has set these precedents, I ask them
not to set another. The honorable Senator Horn
■ Vinrnua, the chairman of the Committee on For-
■ eign ligations, thought then, and thinks now,
|i that the precedent on which you undertake to
found this claim, was a bad one—thatof Schenck
,, and Pendleton. I thought so at the time,and so
j' voted. These things aie growing up to bean
11 enormous abuse, lean state piecodents. 1 ve-
il member when there was a minister abroad in one
I' of the States of this continent, holding a eommis-
i! sion atone court, and he was nominated to the
Senate for a higher place. lie was commissioner,
and ho was made minister plenipotentiary 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Fitzpat-
: rick.) It is the duty of the Chair to announce
to the Senate that the hour has arrived foi the
1 consideration of the Puvate Calendar.
Mr. DIXON. I hope the vote  viil be t.iken
on this lull. ["Vote," ''Vote."'] One single
word 
Mi. HALE. The floor \h mine; unless we go
:■ on with the Private Calendar
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Private
1 Calendar is called, and it <\m only be dispensed
i with hv a vote of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. If the private bills are up, I
' move to postpone them, with a view to take up
the consular and diplomatic appiopruuion bill.
Mr. DIXON. I wil! ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia to withdraw that motion, to pci mit the vote
1 to be taken on the bill.
Mi. HUNTER. It ic obvious the question
1 ought not to be taken now. The report ought to
lie over and give us time to examine it. j am not
satisfied that the vote ohoald be taken now on tl is
ease. I think it ouglu to iv examined.
Mr. POLK. The Sr Mat or from New Hamp-
shire is on the floor, I bih-we.
Mi. HUNTER. He had the floor; but if pt
v \te hills come up he lies it not. The bill on
winch he had the floor is not up. I submit my
motion to postpone all prior orders, and take up
the appropriation bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I submit to the Cbmr
whether the Senator from Virginia can, withou"
notice, make such amotion as this, which wdi
supersede the private bills. Can they be post-
poned by anv motion of this kind ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
just called attention to the fact, that the hour } as
nas"*arrived for the consideration of the Private
Calendar. That business comes up as a matter
course under the order of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. The President decided it was
up.
The PRE81 DING OFFICER. The Chair con-
siders the motion of the Senator from Virginia
perfectly in older. It depends on the will of the
Senate whether they will sustain it or not.
Mr. HUNTER/ 1 submit that motion.
Mr. MALLORV. I ask tor the yeas and nays
on it.
Mr. HUNTER. I must ask the Senate to give
me a vote on this question.
Mr. DIXON. I rise to a question of order. I
desne to inquire whether one o'clock instead of
twelve, is not the hour for taking up private bills?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the resolution under which the decision
is made.
The Secretary read the following resolution,
which was adopted on the 17th of January:
" H-csoIreJ. That tor the lcs-ulue of the present seswon,
l'Yul.iy ot each week, alter the expnation of one hour from
ilie time o! mccfni'z ot' the Senate, •shall ho set apii t foi tho
coiwifleiatmn of private hills, in the oidei in which they
stand upon the Caleiulat."
Mr. HUNTER. Then I submit my motion.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask for the yeas and. nays
on that motion.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust the motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia will not prevail; and that tho
Senate will not take up the appropriation bill at
present. I desire that we shall go on with the
Private Calendar. If we take up that Calendar,
1 shall move that we take up first the bills that
come from the House of Representatives; and pass
those which shall not be objected to or do not givo
use to debate. In that, way we shall at least do
justice to some portion of the private claimants
who have had the trouble of getting their bilhs
through the House of Representatives. I will stato
that in man}' of these cases persons have gone to
the Comt of Claims 
Mr. HUNTER. I make a proposition to the
Senator from Geotgia. I will not say a word on
my side of the question, but allow it to go with-
out debate, if he will do tho same.
Mr. IVERSON. The difficulty is that the gen-
tleman has such a momentum on his back in be-
half of that appropriation bill, that if requires
some resistance on the other side,-in order to iret
rid of its effect. I am not disposed to debate the
question at all, but I will simply say that many
of these claimants have been driven to the ex-
pensi and trouble and delay of going to the
Court of Chums, where they have had to pay
heavy fees. They have got their eases adjudica-
ted by the court, they have carried then) to the
House of llepi eseiitcdi\ t. s, and have passed the
House, and now they an, here before the Senate,
and unless the S< nate con-ddet s them, all this pro-
cesw will be gone over a^am ; t hey will have to re-
commence at the next session. I think it an act
of eat and gross injustice to them that the Sen-
ate should not consider their bills.
Mr. CLARFv. I find no fault with the action
of the chairman of the Committie on Finance.
He is in the able and faithful discharge of his
amy; bin 1 have gotahnosL tued of hearing this
eternal clamor about the appropriation bills.
When it was proposed to take up the Cuba bill,
wc must tak: up the appropriation bilh When
it was proposed to take up the ngnenltural col-
lege bill, up sprang the appropnation bill. When
it was proposed to take up the homestead bill, up
spiang the appropriation bill. When we now
propose to go on with the Private Calendar, up
comes the appropriation bill. No\if> sir, I should
be L>lad to consider something else if we could.
1 am srl.id to say for once that the appropriation
bill is opposed to the Private Calendai. I want
the m detei mine whether they will vote
money on the appropnation bill to pay the Gov-
ernment officials*, and will not vote to pay their
