1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
just debts. Let it conic in that shape, and k:t the
Senate decide which they will do—put money n>
the pockets of their officials, make appropriations
for them, and crowd out everything else, or pay
debts which their own committees admit to be
due, and ought to be paid. You make your ap-
propriations from year to year, and every year
as it comes along. Here stand your private bills,
there .shall be no objection; and, after that, the
Senate can go back and take up the Calendar reg-
ularly. I do that for the purpose of getting rid
of those bills fiom the House of Representatives
to which there is no objection, such as I think we '
oughtjo pass, and give an opportunity to those
claimsmts to settle their cases.
Mr. YULEE. I hope that course will not be
ten, twenty, or thirty years, clamoring for pay- ! adopted. It is an unusual one. There will be
ment; and when you take them up reluctantly, |i time during the next two weeks to take up the
time after time, you delay them this way by your I' House bills. They having already undergone
appropriation bills. I hope the Private Calendar jj the action of the House, will be disposed of finally
will be proceeded with. jj when acted on by the Senate; and if, as the chair-
Mr. HUNTER. Senators seem to argue as if
the appropriation bills could pass themselves,
without any human agency or assistance. We
arc always told that-they are sure to pass; but
how will they pass? We have not a fortnight
left; and unless we act on them as they are ma-
tured and presented to the Senate for considera- !
tion, we cannot act as we should do, with due
consideration. But, sir, I do not wish to debate
this question of priority of business. I leaye it
to the Senate to say. I hope the vote will be
taken.
Mr. PUGrH. Last Saturday, we took up the
Private Calendar. About three o'clock in the af-
ternoon there was a vote taken, and there was no
quorum; and, if I mistake not, the Senator from
New Hampshire was one of the absentees.
Mr. CLARK. No, sir; i was here.
Mr. PUGII. I think the Senator's name was
not recorded.
Mr. CLARK. I was here all the session.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Ohio will
allow me to correct him. We did not take up the
Calendar until half past two o'clock on Saturday,
although it was in order at one o'clock. There
was another question under debate, and we did
not reach the Private Calendar until half past two
o'clock.
Mr. PUGrH. I do not know what hour of the
day we took it up. I know we did take it up;
and at an unusually early hour of adjournment
for the Senate, at this stage of the session, we
found ourselves without a quorum; and I asked
leave of the then Presiding Officer to make a short
speech, in which I called attention to the fact that,
after all the clamor on the subject of the Private
Calendar, we could not keep a quorum here; and
I believe the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. John-
son] added, that gentlemen who were most clam-
orous for the Private Calendar were the absen-
tees. It was true. Now, sir, I have looked at
this Private Calendar, and I do not believe that
there are six bills on it that ought to pass. I
hear a great deal said about the iniquity of the
Government. 1 believe it is the most liberal Gov-
ernment in the payment of claims that ever was
on the face of the earth. I do not believe the
Government has ever defrauded a man out of a
cent. There may be cases where, from the im-
perfection of proof and other delays, his claim
has not been presented; but'nine tenths of these
private claims have no justice at all. We sit here
and hear them debated; call for the reading of the
report; and if there is debate, or a demand for ex-
planation, and we offer to take a vote, there is no
quorum. I am tiied of it, and I shall vote this
time, with the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, to consider the business of the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itis moved and
seconded to postpone all previous orders, and pro-
ceed to the consideration of the consular and di-
plomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER and Mr. MALLORY called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered;
man of the Committee on Claims proposes, we
act only on those to which there may be no ob-
jection, the same action can be had with very
little consumption of our time at any future day.
This is the only opportunity when we can have
action on Senate private bills, with any prospect*
of consideration for them in the House of Repre-
sentatives. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
determine to proceed with the Calendar as it is,
rather setting aside House bills than giving pre-
cedence to them, in order that we may dispose of
such of the Senate bills as we may during the
day, and send them to the House in season for
action there.
Mr. BIGLER. Is the motion of the Senator
from Georgia divisible? The motion is to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bills 
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator will allow me,
I will modify my motion so as to proceed simply
to the consideration of House bills, and take
them up in their order.
Mr. MASON. Do I understand the Senator
from Georgia to accompany that with a purpose
of passing over such as are objected to?
Mr. IVERSON. No; to take them all up in
their order.
Mr. MASON. I do not know much of the
character of the House bills, but it was formerly
the policy of the Senate to pass claims to which
there was no obstruction. A single one may ob-
struct us for the day if debate arises.
Mr. IVERSON. That was my wish, but Sen-
ators around me seemed to prefer to take up all
the cases in their order, under the impression that
gentlemen would object to every one if they were
allowed to do so, and thus we should be consum-
ing the time fruitlessly.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator's motion can-
not be adopted, I imagine, without the general
consent of the Senate, and I object to any such
course. The Calendar, I understand, must be
followed in its order.
Mr. IVERSON. That question was made the
^ last day the Private Calendar was up, and it was
overruled.
Mr. MALLORY. I presume if it was wrongly
decided, that decision will be reversed to-day.
Mr. IVERSON. The question was made by
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] and
the Chair decided against him. He appealed from
the decision, and after debate withdrew the ap-
peal. The decision stands, of course.
| Mr. MASON. I take it for granted the Senate
| can control its own business. It cannotsuspend
. any rule without a day's notice, but it can con-
; trol business at its pleasure. It can make an or-
I der that it will confine the first call of the Calen-
; dar to House bills, and can equally make it a part
; of that order to consider no bills which are ob-
1 iected to.
; Mr. MALLORY. The admission of the Sen-
ator from Virginia covers the whole case. He
j admits that \vc cannot depart from a rule of the
Senate without a day's notice. The rule of the
arid being taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 28; as •: Senate is, thai we must take up the Calendar.
„ .. o ' •> ' i -v-  ,_i   f.^/3 r-a hpvofltx thorn. is nor.
follows:
YiSAS—Allow, Bajaid, Benjamin, Bright.
Chninnuu, Dawa, Fifzpdtiu'k, Gwin, Hunter, Johnson ot
Arkuiisa>. Johnson of Trni.e^ce, jones, IVarce, Polk,
PuL'i) Itiee, Slukdl, Stewait, and Waul—'21.
Bale-, Bell, Hiodeiick, Brown. Chand-
ler, Ch<j> iiut, Cjnrlc, Cnjl.mioi, Divon, Doohttle, Purkei"1,
Fo-nuk"!. FiUii. Foot. Hale, llamlm, Harlan. lvoi-on.
IMJi-ny, M.e-on. Suu^tian, Reward, Simdd^ kJinuuouf,
Tin.i 1i!15 Wade, Wd-on. and Yuloo—v2s.
;' > i lie woiion was not agreed to.
'private calendar.
No\y, taking an isolated case hereand there is not
proceeding' with the Calendar. It is selecting some
cases and rejecting others.
Mr. MASON. That is your construction of
th< rule, which I doubf exceedingly.-*
Air. MALLORY. That, I think, is the cor-
rect construction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) This question was made last week, and
the Cnair determined that this was not a motion
to change the rule, but a pailiamentary motion
■ PRESIDING OFPfCKR. The Private ! simply to direct the ordei of business; and that
i ]S now m order. :■ it was competent loi the benate to direct die man-
IVKRSON. J. move that the Senate first |  "  " "  ""
' to the consideration of the bills from the j
House ol Representatives, passing those to which U
ner in winch they should dispose of business.
The Chair thinks the motion is m order.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me the Chair is
undoubtedly right in affirming that a majority of
the Senate can dispose of its business as it pleases;
but if it be a rule that bills on the Calendar shall
| be taken up in their order, the Senate cannot re-
i verse that rule without notice having been given^
| They may, as a bill comes up, postpone it, or do
what they please with it; or they can postpone the
w;hole special order assigned for this day, being
the consideration of private bills; but it seems to
me that if there is a rule that bills shall be taken
in order 
Mr. STUART. Is there such a rule ?
Mr. IVERSON. There is none such.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
it is not in order to move to postpone all other
j bills except those coming from the House ? That
| is all it amounts to.
Mr. HUNTER. It will be in order to post-
pone them when they come up, undoubtedly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. May you not make a mo-
tion to postpone all bills upon the Calendar, ex-
cept those which come from the House, just as
you move to postpone all previous orders every
day ? It is a common motion in the Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. I will read a rule of the Sen-
ate which I think disposes of the matter. " Spe-
cial orders"—the Private Calendar is the special
order for to-day—
" Special orders shall not Jose their position on aerount
of intermediate adjournment, nor shall tiiev lose then rel-
ative position on the Calendar, except by vote of the Sen-
ate, until finally disposed of."
The vote of the Senate can dispose of them in
the order of business.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Georgia to
take up private bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 26, noes 9.
JOHN HUERTAS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first House
bill on the Calendar is the bill (No. 251) to author-
ize the claimants, in the right of John Huerlas,
to enter'certain lands in Florida, which is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
It is an authorization to the claimants, in right
of John Huertas, to a tract of six thousand acres
in Florida, confirmed by the Supteme Court of
the United States, at the January term, in 1834,
to enter, at any land office in the State of Florida,
the quantity of three thousand three hundred and
thirty-two acres and thirty hundredths of an acre
of any of the public lands in that State, offered
or unoffered, the same being in addition to the
area of two thousand six hundred and sixty-seven
acres and seventy hundredths of an acre surveyed
for the claim, and designated as section forty-
eight, in township nine south, of ran^e twenty-
seven east, in the St. Augustine land district,
Florida, and being the difference between the
quantity embraced by the survey, and the six
tnou'sand acres confirmed for the claim.
The bill, when before under consideration, was
amended in line ten, by striking out the words,
" offered or unoffered," and inserting the words,
"subject to private entry;" and m line twenty-
three, after the word " of," by inserting, " the
projected route of;" and after the word "rail-
road," adding, "to which grants of land have
been made by the United States;" so as to make
the clause read:
A patent shall issue for tile lands so located : Provided,
said lands shall not be located on any land within six miles
of llie [JiOM-ct-'d lOiUe of any railroad to winch grants of
land have been made by the United States.
Mr. YULEE. One of the Senators from South
Carolina, who is not present, [Mr. Hammond,]
desires that there should be a modification ill one
of the amendments made when the bill was for-
merly under consideration in the Senate. He
seems not to be in his scat now. Perhaps it may
be as well to'letthe bill be passed over informally
until he is present.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from South
Carolina requested me to have this bill passed
with the amendments as they are, rather than
have it postponed; so that, if the Senator insists
on the amendments he has put in the bill, I shall
make no objection to them, but let it pass. I
think the amendments now in the bill were
moved by the Senator from Florida.
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir. The amendment in
