1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be any litigation springing out of the claim of the
La Vega tract, it should be had in the courts of
Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will my friend from Ten-
nessee point me to the page of Colonel Lapsley Js
testimony on which that appears ?
Mr. READY. I say it was Judge Watrous
that made that statement.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood the gentleman
to say that that was to be found in Colonel Laps-
ley's testimony. I desire him to refer me to the
page where I shall find it.
< Mr. READY. Itis in the testimony ofLeague,
and perhaps I connected Lapsley with it.
Mr. HOUSTON. You certainly did.
Mr. READY. Whether I did or not, it sub-
stantially appears, I believe, from the testimony
of both.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to see it in
Mr. Lapsley's testimony.
Mr. READY. I will proceed with some ref-
erence to Mr. Lapsley's testimony, and the gen-
tleman from Alabama will see whether I was or
was not right in my statement.
At page 132, Mr. Lapsley was asked:
Was it not one of the reasons why you required the title
to be in yourself, that you might avail yourseir of the Fed
era! .jurisdiction?
" Answer. No, sir, it was not; because I do not think I
would have gone into the purchase at ail and have left the
title in any one in Texas, f do not think f would have been
willing to go into the matter, except either myself or one
of my associates (in Alabama) had the contiol of it."
Page 149;
<J Question. I want you to reflect on the subject of every-
thing said and done there, (at Selma.) to as to say whether
you do or do not recollect if Judge Watrous said anything
in regard to where the su.ts vveie to be brought ? .
" >dnsner. My impression*id, that that matter wa-j not
spoken of ttll after we got through the signing of the papers.
I have some recollection that some time while the parties
were at Selma, this matter was spoken of; but I think it
piobahle u was after the contract was concluded r.r agreed
upon, although I will not pay that the matter was not al-
luded to belore.
•k Question. Was there any agreement as to the bringing
of the suits ?
" knitter. No. sir; it never was a matter of agreement
that I know of. I had made up my mmd, if I bought the
land, and if suits became necessary, that f should direct
them to be brought m the United States court [ thought
it likely, if there was Initiation, U would not terminate short
of the Supreme Court, and I preferred that the mattershouid
he adjudicated by the Supreme Court ot'the United States."
And again:
t( Questi'jn. Did you hear Judge Watrou* at any time
object to his exercising jurjMli<-tK>ii ovei t!\e>e ca?e-s?
♦'.9wsu<er. I have h^arM Indse Watrous pav that he pre-
ferred that the suits should be brought in the fc?tate coutts."
Mr. HOUSTON. Read the next question and
show the date of this conversation. It was after
the trial of the suits at New Orleans—four or five
years after the suits were first brought.
Mr. flEADY. Very good; but it is m keeping
with a series of statements made by Judge Wat-
rous from the firsttime that he opened his mouth
up to the time the charges were pielerred. No
witness has undertaken to state that Judge Wat-
i ous was evt.-r heard to say that he desired to have
the suits brought in his court.
Again, Lapsley, at page 152 of his testimony,
says:
" The charges of fraud and c^llu^ion refened to in thw
intei rogatory 'so far as I am concerned and so far as I have
any knowledge, are utteily untrue and unsounded; that
the putclMbe was made bv inc. with my a-.-ociates, m good
f-'itiu lor the purpose of obtaining the land fairly and hon-
estlv, and not foi the purpose of conferring jurisdiction on
the Federal court of Texas or any other court in paiue-
ulai
Page 153:
'' Quorum. Do vou know, or have you ever heard, that
Judi>e Watmu* rnimseled and proemed the npp'tienf le^al
tdlu to he made to a non-ronlent of the State of Texas,
thereby to comer j!n i>thction on the Federal court of Texas
to heal and dutci mme any tuit that might be Li ought to te^t
the vnlntiivof-anl title to the land J
" slnsircr. 1 do not know it, and I have nevei lieai d it,
excepr thiough aflulavi:* and plea> of Elipii.ib Spencer,
and t have 110 lemembianee of ha\ina heard it fiom any
either source, except m newspaper articles."
The testimony of Mr. League is, that Judge
Watrous uniformly stated to him, if perchance
there should be any litigation about the land, he
preferred to have it in the State courts, inasmuch
as he believed they would sustain the Delvalle
title, about which the litigation was then pend-
ing. The suits were brought m the Federal
court without the knowledge or consent of Judge
Watrous, as is abundantly proved by Judge
Hughes, who was the lawyer who attended to
them for the plaintiff. On page 39 of the testi-
mony, he says:
" I never consulted Judge Watrous about the commence-
ment of the suits, or the examination of the titles, or any-
thing regarding the matter, because I believed myself to be
entirely under the control of John W. Lapsley, who bad the
legal title and the whole control of the prosecution of the
claim. t commenced the units in the district court of the
United States by the direction of Mr. LapsJey."
In answer to a question, he says:
" Judge Watroas had nothing to do with bringing those
suits in the Federal court."
Further, he says:
"He brought the suits by the direction of John W. Laps-
ley. He told me by letter, when the suits were commenced,
that if litigation was to be had. they should be brought in the
Federal court, as he was ft. citizen of Alabama, and had the
right to bring them there."
I might refer to other testimony on this point,
but I fear I shall not have time to do so. Per-
haps I have already referred to enough to show
that Judge Watrous did not desire or contemplate
or intend that his court should be used to litigate
the title to these lands. But here I must notice
the argument made by my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Chapma\t,] and repeated by my friend
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Billikghurst.] Thatar-
gument was, that Judge Watrous, by going into
this speculation, and causing these suits to be
brought in the Federal court over which he pre-
sided, did thereby defeat the rights of the defend-
ant to have the suits tried before juries of their
osvn State, and that that was a crying injustice.
The proof is ample that Judge Watrous afforded
every facility in his power to enable these gentle-
men to have their cases tried before juries in their
own State. If they were deprived of that privi-
lege, it was not the fault of Judge Watrous, or of
Judge Hughes, but of the counsel who defended
the suits.
It will be remembered that Judge Hughes states
that he brought these suits in the Federal court
under the direction, and under the control exclu-
sively ofLeague, and that he never conferred or
spoke with Judge Watrous on the subject at any
tune. He was employed by League: he felt him-
self under his control, and in obedience to the in-
structions which League gave him, he brought
the suits in the Federal court. He may, at the
time they were instituted, have contemplated that
they must necessarily be transferred from the
State of Texas to be tried; but there is ample tes-
timony to show that if Judge Hughes ever enter-
tamed such an idea, he changed that purpose af-
terwards, and anxiously desired to try the cases
in the State of Texas. *
At the very first teim of the court at which those
cases were called, Judge Watrous emphatically
announced his incompetency to make any order in
them, because he was interested, as is proved by
the testimony of JudgeHughes, of the two deputy :
cleiks, the principal clerk, and the bailiff of the i
court, by the chief marshal of the State of Texas, j
and by League; he emphatically announced that j
he " would not try those cases, or touch them 1
with a forty-foot pole." At that very term of the ;
court, as is proved by Judge Hughes, he and Mr. i
Taylor, who was the representative of all tliede- j
fendauts, except Spencer, agreed that they would !
select some lawyer of known ability and legal ;
information to preside upon the trial of these 1
causes in the State of Texas; and when the causes
weie removed from Galveston to Austin, Judge
Hughes emphatically states that it was upon the j
express agreement rotween himself and Mr. Tay- j
lor, that they would select a lawyer to try them j
there. That was the understanding; but Mr. Tay- j
lor, the defendants' counsel, at the first and sec- 1
ond terms of the court at Austin, interposed some j
objections, and finally Judge Hughes wasdriven j
to'the necessity of moving an order transferring :
the cases to JSew Orleans. ^ j
To show that Judge Hughes was sincere in all ;
this, here is a copy of alerter which he addressed
to Lapsley upon that subject, and Lapsley was
surprised when lie received it, because he had
given orders that the suits should be prosecuted
in the Federal court. He knew they had been
brought there; and, because of the incompetency
of Judge Watrous, he expected that they would
be transferred to the nearest couit in a neighbor- ;
ing State. But Judge Hughes said:
I do nut desire to transfer ttac-e ease":; tiiey ean bo tried
m Tpv.h ; it is inconvenient tor ine to follow them out of
the State; the counsel tor the defendants have agreed to j
substitute a judge tor Judge VWurous, to try ilie eases, and i
a trial can be had at the next term of thesteuuri at Austin." 1
Judge Watrous wag fully cognizant ofthiVar-
rangement, and of course assented to it. Other-
wise it would not have been made. What, then,
becomes of the argument that Judge Watrous
was acting unfaithfully as a judge by interesting
himself in lands about which there was litigation
—in which the defendants .would be necessarily-
driven out of their ow« State to have a t^al?
What becomes of the argument that these defend-
ants were deprived of a jury of the vicinage to
pass upon their rights?" It is proved that their
own lawyer declined carrying out this agreement,
and thereby created the necessity of going *ito
another State for a trial. If any hardship was
thereby imposed on them, it does riot lie at Judge
Watrous's door.
But I proceed, Mr. Speaker, to notice the third
point, which is, that Judge Watrous sat as a judge
in the trial of causes when he was personally in-
terested in the questions involved. The gentle-
men refer, in support of this chaigg, to the case
of XJfFord vs. Dykes. It is asserted that the plain-
tiff 111 that case held the same description of title
that was involved in the Lapsley eases; and that,
although the judge was not directly interested in
that case, he was interested in the question in-
volved, so far as the decision in that case would
have an influence—a moral influence, I suppose—
upon the De la Vega grant. It is true that the case
of UIFord vs. Dykes depended upon the grant or
concession to Raphael de Aguirre, made at the
same time as the grant to Thomas do la Vega;
and the power of attorney in the one case, it is
: true, was involved in the other; but I challenge
| the gentleman to point to the testimony which
l shows that Judge Watrous knew that the cases
1 were of the same character, Of involved the same
j question. Itis proved throughout this record by
' everybody, that the papers were never submitted
i to Judge Watrous, and that he did fiot even know,
I up to the time of that trial, of the existence of
| this power of attorney.
i Mr. REAGAN. In the case of TJiford rs.
j Dykes the judge charged the jury that the titlo
j was good and conveyed the lands; and he was
i then adjudicating the same concession which con-
i veyed the La Vega part.
1 Mr. READY. I am perfectly aware of that,
j but it does not alter the argument or the position
j of Judge Watrous in the slightest degree; because
it is proved by Judge Hughes, who was engaged
, upon one side of the case, and by Mr. Potter,
: who was engaged as the lawyer on the other side,
■ a man of high intelligence, that this power of at-
, torney was never read; it was put into the trial
| by the consent of counsel; there was no question
! raised; they agreed beforehand that no question
i should be raised, and it was upon the faith of
that agreement that the trial was gone into at the
i time, and as a matter of course, where the parties
: upon the respective sides agreed that the title was
! all correct, and no question was raised, he would
1 not take up the title to examine it. He simply
relied upon what was admitted by the counsel
1 upon the respective sides.
But, if he had read that power of attorney, it
does not follow that he would know that the
paper was involved in the issue of title in the De
la Vega tract. Though he had read it word for
word, he would not have known that fact unless
■ he was expressly informed of it, because he had
1 never seen the abstract of title, or any of the title
. papers of the De la Vega tract, up to that time.
: He relied upon the information of Judge Hughes,
. in whose legal opinion he had perhaps morecon-
1 fidence even than he had in hisown. The simple
truth is that, up to that good hour, no question
was raised as to the validity of that power of at-
, torney; no question was raised until after the trial
j of the Lapsley and Spencer suit in New Orleans.
Then it was first suggested that there was a for-
gery in reference to that paper. The only ques-
tion before raised was as to whether the proof of
its execution before the regidor of the city of
Leona Vicario was sufficient to entitle it to be read
in evidence; and that was the difficulty which the
agreement of counsel tended to meet mid obviate.
'It is in proof by Potter, by Hughes, and by
ail who were concerned as counsel in that case,
that no question as to the validity of any title was
presented; and that the question was simply as to
the locality of the land. The suit was to recover
a tract of land lying on Williamson's creek. The
defense was, that the land was located at a dif-
