1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
stood, from those who knew said Watson before he went
to Mexico, that, up to that time, he was healthy ami ro-
bust as any man in the settlement, and the deponent never
heard anything to the contrary. It. SANFORD.
James Cantrell, Justice of the Peace.
This man, it seems, was a very robust young
man, as is testified by other persons. He volun-
teered and went to Mexico in one of the volunteer
companies from my State. He was'there seized
with the diarrhea, which, of course, affected a
a great many others, and he came home, and
from the effects of that diarrhea he is utterly un-
able to obtain a support. I understand from per-
sons, who know him intimately, that he* is as
much an invalid as if he had lost an arm or a leg.
He cannot work for half an hour—not from the
operation of the disease at present, for that has
left him, but from an organic derangement that
has been brought about by the disease.
Mr. STUART. Lsent for the papers in this
case. They arc, as I understand them to be on
hearing them road at the desk; and the question
that presented itself to my mind was, why it was
not presented at the bureau.
Mr. IVERSON. I will give the reason, if the
Senator will allow me.
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. The bureau requires the cer-
tificates of the officers of the company, and will
not rely upon the testimony of privates. The
officers of this company are dead, with the excep-
tion of a single one who has moved to California
or Oregon, and beyond the reach of this party. 1
state that upon information on which I rely. That
is the reason why he has made theapplication, and
that is the reason why the office has not granted
him a pension, because he is not able to procure
the proof which the rules require.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator from Michigan
will pardon me, I want to correct a false impres-
sion that the Senator from Georgia might make.
I have no doubt he has been infoi mod as he'statos;
but the law, or rather the rule of the department,
is this: that there must be the certificate of a sur-
geon of some disability from wounds; or the dis-
ability complained of during the term of service,
in order—as the Senator will see clearly—to trace
it to the public service, to show that he incurred
his disability m the public service. All the dif-
ficulty about these cases, as the Senator from
Michigan observed, auses from the feet that they
never make that proof; and they come here and
get some suigeons in their neighborhood to testify
that they are disabled, and that it might have
arisen fium that cause.
Mr. STUART. That was the very suggestion
I intended to make to the Senate. The views pre-
sented by the Senator from Ohio certainly ought
to have great weight. This case, giving a pen-
sion of three or four dollars a month, in itself
does not amount to much; but it is known to
every gentleman who had acquaintances that
served in the war with Mexico, that the disease
spoken of in this case, was almost universal to a
greater or less extent. For myself, I had a near
friend who died with it after he came home. But
there is in this case no satisfactory proof that the
disease was acquired while in the service; that it
affected him there, that he went there sound and
came back unsound.
Again, there is m the case no evidence. The
statement read by the Senator from Georgia is
proof, in a degree, going to show that he had the
disease. Now the Senator says, in his argument,
that the disease has subsided, but there is an or-
ganic derangement consequent upon it which dis-
ables this man. Now, sir, that is a question which
I should say, without being at all educated in the
science of medicinc or surgery, but from expe-
rience and by inquiry and the range of my own
experience, about which scientific men would
differ whether this derangement, whether this dif-
ficulty that has now become chronic, was owing
to that disease or owing to something else. The
difficulty is, that it places the whole case upon a
ground that, as a principle, you cannot defend;
and there is an objection to taking up an isolated
case which would be referred to hereafter in hun-
dreds of cases as having set a precedent.
Mr. SHIELDS. I did not exactly catch the
points in the report; but as far as I did it seems to
be proven there that this disease was contracted
in the service, of course; that the debility was a
consequence of the disease, and that that debility
has rendered the individual an invalid. If these
points be so, it strikes me as a very strong case.
I agree with the honorable Senator fiomOhio, that
this disease was almost universal in the army in
Mexico; but there were cases, and that honorable
Senator knows them as well as J do, that the dis-
ease was of such a chronic character as to pi^duce
permanent disability. The most unfortunate state
of the body followed from this disease.
Mr. STUART. The second lieutenant ofhis
company swears that the disease was contracted
there.
Mr. PUGH. I have no doubt the disease was con-
tracted while the man was in Mexico, for I do not
think it could be con tracted an y whei e else; it was a
peculiar disease, and as the Senator from Minne-
sota has said, there seemed to be no dealing with
it in many cases; it was above all power of medical
science and skill. The difficulty about this bill
is this: there were individually such cases where
the violence of the disease at the time may have
produced some organic injury, or chronic, perma-
nent, incurable disability ;*but those cases were to
be dectdcd upon by the surgeon, and in every
such case, so far as my observation extended, the
man was discharged at the time with the surgeon's
certificate m his hand. But this is not that case.
This is-the case of a soldier not discharged while
he was upon the Rio Gt ande or any other patt of
Mexico, but who long after the war comes for-
ward upon the certificate of a private physician to
state that he has thus disease. Now, 1 have no
doubt that he lias the disease, and I have no doubt
that the seeds of the disease were sown in Mex-
ico; but that he incurred .i permanent disability
in the service is not proven. I tell the Senate,
if you establish the rule of letting a private phy-
sician come forward years after the discbaige of
the soldier, and upon his certificate to the fact
that he has this disease, the Mexican diarrhea,
granting the soldier a pension, there will be no
end to your pensions. I should like to know what
is to become of the poor fellows who went with
me to Mexico? 1 took with me from ninety to
one hundred, and I believe more than one half of
them are dead, probably more than two thirds.
They leturncd just before the visitation of the
cholera m and 185U, and they were predis-
posed to it. Their heirs could just as well prove
that they died of diurrheaas cholera, for there is
very hale difference between the cases, and you
must pension all their widows. There is no get-
ting outof it. Now, the difficulty is in these cases
oi this disease, if you pass one of them without
the certificate of the Army surgeon at the time,
the chances are nine to ten that it is not a case
arising from this disease.
Mr. JONES. I desire to know of my friend
from Ohio, if the certificate of a private physician
i is not just as good as one from a surgeon of the
Army of the United States, provided it is certified
that he is reputable m his profession?
Mr. PUGH. My friend does not understand
me. I do not doubt that private physicians are
as good, or better, than Army surgeons; but the
Army surgeon, being upon the spot at the time,
states the fact then.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Ohio
thinks the proof is not sufficient to show that the
party contracted this disease m the line of the
service, or during Ins service in Mexico.
Mr. PUGH. I have no doubt of that.
Mr. IVERSON. I will read the affidavit of
James Cantrell, a member of the Senate of the
State of Georgia; and therefore, of course, his
testimony is entitled to some respect.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I do not think that is the point the
honorable Senator from Ohio makes. There is
no doubt that the disease was contracted in the
line of his duty, but the point of the honorable
Senator, as I understand, is whether this disabil-
ity was the consequence of that disease.
Mr. IVERSON. Well, I will read this affidavit,
which I think bears on that question. This gen-
tleman states:
That he is well acquainted with David Watson, who is
applying for a pension as an invalid soldier in the Mexican
war; that said Watson was, or bad the appearance of a
' hound, healthy j oun? man, when he enlisted under Captain
; Xfiison. to 30 to Mexico ; that m>ou after his return home,
; deponent went to see him and found him in veiy bad health,
| down with the Mcxican diarrhea, which has continued on
j him at times ever Miiee, so deponent has been told by said
j U\u,on,5,oas to pieveiuhis procuring a living by his labor,"
That h the testimony of Mr. James Can-
trell, who I know myself is a respectable rn^n,
entitled to credit. Now it seems to me, the party
being in this condition from this disease, although
it might be the Mexican diarrhea, is as much en-
titled to the equitable consideration of Congress
as from any other disease. I do not understand
that because this disease w&s more prevalent than
any other, that fact is to exclude a party from the
benevolence of Congress. , It is very true a great
many persons had this disease in Mexico. 1 had
a son who was m Mexico, in the service, and he
came home with this very disease on him, and
was near dying from it. He was in a dangerous
condition for many months after he came home.
To bo sure he recovered; but suppose he had
not: would he not have had a claim on the benev-
olence of Congress ? Clearly so. I do not know
this man Watson, but I understand from those
who know him, that the effect of the disease is
this: that some portions of his intestines have
adhered to the vertebras of the back, and produced
a cavity hi front, which weakens and prostrates
him so that ho cannot work at all. The Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Fircn,] who is a physician,
can explain how that affects him. I do not know
any? lung about medicine, and therefore cannot say
what is the nature and character of the disease;
but such is the effect and consequence of it, as I
understand, and I think he is clearly entitled to
a pension, as much as any man who has been
prostiatod and made an invalid by the contraction
of disease in the service of the country.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 should like to ask the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, and those who are
more cogmzantofthe facts than I am, whether this
disease came on the party first while he was in
service ?
Mr. PUGH. I have no doubt of if.
Mr. BAYARD. Then, I cannot doubt that 
within the principle on which I suppose all pen-
sion bills, either m relation to the Army or the
Navy, ought to stand, that if there are technical
difficulties in the construction of the law at the
Department, which I believe, for the most part,
give rise to these bills, the bill ought to pass. In
my judgment, the only piinciple on which a pen-
sion Saw for the Aimy or the Navy can be main-
tained is, that the duty in which the individual
embarks in the service of the country is extra
hazardous is its nature, and being extia hazard-
ous in its nature, the Government, in order to
induce men to enter into this service, provides
pensions which it never allows in civil life. In
civil life, though an individual may sink under
his labors, no pension is ever awarded. I cannot
conceive any possible principle on which the pen-
sion laws of this country can rest, except that the
service in the Army and the Navy is of an extra
hazardous nature, and that therefore you com-
pensate the party, if he is injured in that service
so as to disable him from pursuing the ordinary
avocations of life, when he shall be discharged.
On that principle the Department hold, I believe,
that it is incumbent on the party to show that the
disease is contracted m the service. In my judg-
ment, if the disease attacks a party in the service,
it ought to be presumptive evidence that it was
contracted in the service, and the onus ought then
to be on the Government to show that it arose from
his own default or his own misconduct, if they
meant to deny him a pension under these circum-
stances, because it is perfectly certain that, if the
man is in tho service, there are hundreds of dis-
eases that may come on him that it is impossible
for any medical man, no matter how scientific he
may be, to pronounce how or by what mode they
were contracted. It seems to me, in justice, within
the principle, if it is intended to make this pro-
vision on account of the extra hazardous nature
of the life, that, where disease comes on a man
while in the service, it should be a presump-
tion (capable of rebuttal by the Government, of
course) that it was contracted within the line of
his duty, and that he ought to be compensated;
yet the Department, 1 believe, do not hold to that
rule. It seems to me to be the/ational rule in ac-
cordance with the principle on which I suppose
pensions to be confined to services of that char-
acter. Under these circumstances, knowing what
the rules of the Department are, 1 should vote for
the bill which comes within the principle of the
law, although it may not be within the construc-
tion given by the Department to the general law.
Mr. PUGH. It was not my object to say that
