1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1113
the case w is not a meritorious one. The .Sena- ,
tor from Georgia misunderstood uk1, if he under-
stood me ko; but I felt bound to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact thai this would become ■
a precedent for a great many other cases, which
are not embraced under the pension laws at pre- ;
sent. I have certainly no ill-will towards any of [
my fellow soldiers; I wish them all the good luck j
in the world, and I shall be the last man here or I
elsewhere to interpose against them. I only want \
the voice of the Senate on the question. If they 1
say this case in its circumstances is a proper case J
for a pension, it will be a precedent for a great \
many others hereafter, I
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to ;
a third reading, and read the third time. j
Mr. PUGII called for the ye$s and nays on the I
pas&age of the bill; and they were ordered and
taken, with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler,
Brown, Chesnut, Claik, Chngman, Coliamer, Crittenden,
Dixon, Doohttle, Durkee, Fe&senden. Foot, Gwin, Hamlin,
Harlan, lverson, Lane, Reid, Shield's, Smith, Wade, and
Witeon—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Broderick, Ciay, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpat-
rick, Green, Houston, Hunter,Mallory. Mason, PoJk,Pugh,
Rice. Slide)!, Stuart, Toombs-, Tiumbull, and Ward—18.
So the bill was passed.
BERNARDO SEGUI.
Mr. BENJAMIN. A private bill, passed by
the Senate, has been returned by the House of
Representatives, with an amendment to its title.
It is Senate bill No. 177. I ask that it be taken
up, and the amendment concurred in.
The Senate proceeded to consider the House
amendment to the bill (S. No. 177) to confirm
to William Marvin title to certain lands in East
Florida. The amendment is to alter the title so
as to read: u An act to confirm to the heirs and
assigns of Bemando Segui title to certain lands in
East Florida."
The amendment was concurred in.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United j
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that he had this day approved and signed an act I
for the relief of Myra Clark Gaines. |
HOUSE BILL REFERRED. J
A message was received from the House of ;
Representatives by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an- !
nouncing that the House had passed a bill (No. j
472) to authorize the sale and transfer of the Gov-
ernment barracks at Savannah, in Georgia; and
it was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
HENRY KING.
The bill (H. R. No. 49G) for the relief of the (
representatives of Henry King, deceased. j
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay ;
to the legal representatives of Henry King the sum !
of $1,817 36 for his services in the third Mary- j
land regiment and in the commissary department j
during the revolutionary war. j
Mr. PUGH. Let us hear the report in that j
case. i
The Secretary read the following report: j
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom was [
releired the memonal, &c.. of the repiesentatives of Henry j
Km jr. deecM-od, t<n payment of arrears due mm for sei vices j
in the revolutionary war. present the following report: .
It appears; fiom the memouaKand i-s r-atisfactorilyshown ,
by thf aceompain 1112 papers, that a claim for aueais ot pay |
due the lair ilemv King, late oi Kentucky, for -sei vices m ]
the wai of the Revolution, fiu-t as seig.'ant m a Maryland I
reauuenu then a^ a oomuu^ary-'r- clerk, and finally as a-5- |
si-umi comviiNsaivof issues, was presented by lum to Con- ;
lire-- m 1 <y4, amfpioven by annexed voucheia to be justly 1
due, {oi the sum of £681 10s The comm.ttee at that ,
tmni ieport<->d that the petitioner had an authentic andwe.il- ,
attested claim upon the United States but not havm? made ,
a timely pie-entation of it. the act oi Congiesa oi July 23, j
1768. was a bai to it^ admi-sion They lamented tiiat any f
olwraclc should ari-e to preveut the adjustment of a claim j
\vmeh appeared to be sanctioned by every equitable and ,
ju«*t principle. I
Xothtns was d<mo at that se^ion fuithcr in the case ; and i
Kins being a indent of Kentucky, then and for many 1
years atterwaids a tiontier State. di>tant from the seat ol
Government, the claim wa-3 neglected till the year 1817,
when Kme.havum been pensioned by Maiviand tor his sei-
viees ui the Revolution, a ain visited his native State, and
a-'ain applied to Comito- for his hard-earned p.iy which
had been Ions withheld. A bill parsed the House ot
R.'pu^cntanves that \eut tor his relief, but was lost m the
Senate for want ol time, in consequence ol the d^ath oi
Kur' soon a'tei that lime, and there being no admmisuator
to hi-> estate until [&">. no fuithcr action was had until af-
ter! hat yeai, since winch time it has been pressed at various
periods upon the attention of Congress. An able aud very
favorable import madeo*. the clam, in 18-15, by Mr. Jar-
nagm, of the Senate It was ngam reported by Mr. Dodge, t
in the same body, in ISjO, and auam by Mr. Foot, in 18o2.
with a bill which parsed the oenate the same year.
The committee believe that the act of 17d7, which pre-
vented the payment of tins claim m 1794, has been repeat-
edly and very properly disregarded by Congress; and, con-
sidering thte the only bar to the present claim, report the#
accompanying biii. being the principal only ot the debt ac-
knowledged by Congress, in 1794, to be due to Mr. King.
]?3r. CRITTENDEN^ I desire only to state
that although on the Calendar I am marked as the
the member of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims who reported this bill, I have no recol-
lection whatever, of ever having had the papers
in my hands. By some mistake, I presume, my
name has been substituted for that of some other
member of the committee. I have no recollection
whatever of it; but I have no doubt from the read-
ing of the report that the claim is a just one.
_ Mr. CLAY. I could not hear the Senator dis-
tinctly. Did I understand him to say that he did
not make this report?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have no recollection
of ever having examined the case, or having had
it in my hands, or« making any report on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rei^ in
the Chair.)' The report which has been read was
made in the House of Representatives. *
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I see, by looking into
the papers, that there have been several reports.
Mr. Jarnagin, formerly a member of this body,
made a report on the subject. Itis a claim which
has been long before Congress, and it seems has
received the approbation of several committees
who have reported in favor of it. It may be a
very just claim, but it is one that I even now
know very little about.
Mr. CLAY. I will ask the Senator, if he
knows anything about the claim, to settle one
doubt in my mind which will determine my vote.
The report says it is to pay for his services in
various offices which are mentioned. If it was
his pay proper as an officer in the army, I would
not oppose the passage of the bill; but if it be
really, as I suspect, m the nature of a bounty or
pension for his services, it is not inheritable; it
is a personal bounty or a gratuity, and does not
belong to his personal representatives. If that
be the case, I shall vote against it, and I should
like to have that doubt solved. If the Govern-
ment really owed him this money for his services,
his pay proper in the line of his duty, and did not
pay it, I think it ought to be paid.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is neither pension nor
a bounty—I ascertain that from the report—but
it is for arrearages due him for services as a ser-
geant, I believe, m the line partly, and for acting
as clerk, and acting as commissary. 1 suppose
that he was a man of some business ability, and
was employed in that way. He received a pen-
sion from the State of Maryland, as 1 understand,
for some service to the State. I do not know what
that was.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE H. HOWELL,
The bill (H. R. No. 510) for the relief of Dr.
George H. Howell, was next considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to pay to Doctor George H. Howell,
an assistant surgeon in the Navy of the United
States, the increased pay attaching to his in-
creased rank as assistant surgeon, from the com-
mencement of his increased rank to the time of
the actual issue of his commission from the Navy
Department.
Mr. STUART. Lot us hear the report in that
case.
Mr. TOOMBS . I ask my colleague if that is
not one of the class of cases which the Senate re-
jected a few weeks a^o.
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir. This is a different
case altogether. This is one of the same officers,
but the bill rests on an altogether different prin-
ciple. The former case, which we decided some
time ago, was where the assistant surgeons were
entitled to their examination and promotion and
were absent at the time, and the proposition was
to give them their increased rank and increased
pay from the time they were entitled to their ex-
amination. This officer, however, tvas promoted,
but was absent at the time of the promotion, and
during the time of his absence he asks for the pay
; of his rank. The .report, which is a short one,
I will show this. I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the petition of Dr. George Rr Howell, assistant surgeon in
the Navy of the United States, have had the same under
consideration, and submit the following report:
The petitioner, at the time of the examinatioft of other
assistant suigeons of his date, was absent <hi a cruise off
the coast of Africa, from which he could not return until
seven months after said examination. -Upbn his return be
was examined and promoted, but alloweff pay only from
the date of actual issuing of his commission from the De-
partment, and not trom.the date of his increased rank, mak-
ing a balance as against him $298 61.
Y®urcommittee, in accordance with its uniform practice
in similar cases, report a bill for his relief, grantmg bim in-
creased pay from pie commencement of his increased rank,
and recommend its passage.
Mr. IYERSON. His rank was increased, but
he did not get his commission until after his re-
turn from the service on which he was absent; but
the Department only pay him from the date of
his commission. This bill is to pay him from
the time he got his increased rank. He was then
off on service with the African squandron.
Mr. TOOMBS. If I understand it, it is pre-
cisely the same principleon which we decided the
other cases. We decided that we did not intend
to pay a man for one rank until he actually got'it.
Mr. IVERSON. My colleague is mistaken.
He had the ranlj, and this is only to pay him from
the time he had it. The other bill was to pay
him for the rank which he would have had if he
had been on the spot at the time he was entitled
to his examination.
Mr. TOOMBS. He did not get the rank until
he had his commission. The whole bill goes on
the idea that he was entitled to it, and was not
here to get it. It is precisely within the principle
of the decision of the Senate. That decision was
that an officer shall not have the pay of a grade
until he has the grade. I think the principle was
fully discussed by the Senate and decided. I
move, therefore, to lay this bill on the table.
The motiop was agreed to.
JOHN LEE.
The bill (H. R. 461) granting an invalid pen-
sion to John Lee, of the State of Maine, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to place the name of John Lee upon
the pension list at the rate of eight dollars per
month, from the 22d of December^ 1857.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to hear the report in
that case.
The Secretary read the following report;
The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom was re-
ferred the petition ol John Lee for a pension, ask leave to
report:
That said Lee, under the name of John Richards, a pri-
vate, enlMed into the seivice for the wai on the 3d of Feb-
ruary, 1813, in the ninth resiment of the United States in-
fantrv, and has been traeed'on the rolls of his company up
to the 35th ot May. 18L3. Said Lee fought in five pitched
battles: battle of Wilhamsburs.in said regiment, m General
Covington's biigade; at Fort Erie ; at Chippewa. Queens-
town, and Port George; at Bridewater, or Lundy's Lane;
the siege of Fort Erie, which lasted tifty or sixty days; and
was in the fight when Port Etie was blown up, and at the
sortie near said fort when the enemy's batteries were taken
and blown up by the American forces. It further appears
that in said ninth regiment, at said battle at Lundy's Lane,
all of said Lee's company, with the exception of himself
and one other private, were cither killed, wounded, or
left the field before the termination ot said battle. From
the proof it fuitlier appears that at said battle, and in the
night time, he was hit by a musket ball m the left shoulder
and badly injured; that in consequence of said injury his
left arm and hand have become almost disabled. For the
foregoing reasons the committee believe the said John Lee
justly entitled to the relief prayed for, and report the ac-
companying bill, and recommend that the same pass.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is not a single princi-
ple on which that bill ought to pass. I move to
lay it on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid.)
The question is not debatable.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 do not mean to stop debate.
I withdraw the motion to let gentlemen be heard.
I say this report shows no principle on which this
bill can be passed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do n.ot agree with the Sen-
ator from Georgia, and I do not believe the Sen-
ate will. I think he jumps at his conclusion. I
think he states, without a fair investigation, re-
 suits at which he would not himself arrive from
a careful investigation. That is my judgment;
I may be wrong. I have the papers before me,
