32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11.
plainants5 bill for want of jurisdiction, be reserved by the
court for decision until the decree of the court shall be ren-
dered herein.
And on the same day made a decree in behalf
of the complainants retaining jurisdiction of this
feme covert and minor, as defendants. These par-
ties and three others, citizens of Mexico, were
never brought before the court. No answer.was
ever filed in their behalf; no judgment, pro con~
/esso, was ever entered against them; and yet the
decree proceeds to pronounce upon their rights.
Such are some of the means by which the ju-
risdiction of this great case was obtained, and
such, in part, the use made of that jurisdiction.
It was my intention to have given thus fully the
facts and record on several leading points in this
case, but I find this would consume my hour, and
must state briefly what is shown by other parts
of the record.
Judge Watrous allowed the testimony of inter-
ested witnesses, against the objections of the de-
fendants. fie allowed the deposition and affidavits
of Mr. Hale, an attorney for the complainants,
as evidence against the objection of the defend-
ants, although it was shown by his own testi-
mony that he was prosecuting the suit under a >
champerty agreement, as the gentleman from |
Tenneseee [Mr. Ready] would call it—an agree- i
ment by which he was to have part of the land, if 1
he recovered, or rather he was to share the pro- I
ceeds of the sales of the land when recovered and J
sold. |
I will here say, in reply to what the gentleman !
from Tennessee [Mr. Ready] said about the im- j
morality of Mussina's champerty contract, in !
relation to the subject-matter of this suit, that the j
immorality of champerty may depend somewhat i
on locality. Ry the common law, the law of chain- j
perty is held to rest on sound morals. And so it j
is in many of our States. And such, f think, ought
to be the doctrine of every State. And in a case '
which went to the supreme court of Texas, I ex- :
erted the best powers I possessed to show that
champerty contracts were unlawful there; for ]
the common law was the law of our State, where [
it was not superseded by statute, and we had no
statute on the subject; but the court, in an clab- j
orate decision, in the case of Coider against Mr- [
Dennett, held that such contracts were lawful in !
that State. So there, at least, Mussina's contract !
was lawful. |
Hut the friends of Judge Watrous on this floor ,
should be very tender about denouncing chum- j
perty as immoral; for William G. Hale, the at- :
torneyfor the plaintiffs in thisCavnzos ease, had !
a champerty contract with his clients, and an |
interest in the suit befoie the court, and was ad- !
nutted by the rulings of Judge Watrous as agon- J
era! witness m the case, and was a most impoi tunt i
witness throughout the case, and was allowed to '
tianslate importantSpanish documents in the case |
without beings worn, and was allowed to use those '
translations and proceed in the cause as attorney, J
after these several wrongs had been legally ot>- ;
jected to, and so brought £o the attention of the j
court. Ami all this appears m the eudcncc now [
befoie this House, in connection with that singu- ,
lar array of equally extraordinary rulings by |
Judge Watrous, all on theside ufthia lawyer, pro- '
ceeding under a champerty contract—a witness !
ill his own cause, and translating his own title i
papers from the Spanish, without being sworn, !
for the purpose of using these translations as !
evidence to sustain his own titie. And this, too, i
before our supreme court had decided in favor !
of the validity of such contracts.
The judge allowed the use of translations of im-
portant documents, tending to prove the title of
the complainants to the property in question,
which had been made out by the same attorney
v/ho was, by the agreement, to share the piohls
of the suit when the land should be recovered and
sold, when he was not acting under the sanction
of nn oath, and when the translations were not
verified by oath. And this judge also overruled
the ohjectionsof the defendants to the use of these
translations. And Charles Rosiqual, who was
appointed to retranslate these documents, said,
under oath, that he had " made some slight cor-
rections in them; and I do further say, that the
said translations are, as they now stand, faithful
and correct translations of the originals, and cor-
rectly represent the meaning thereof." Thus
showing that they were not, as they before stood,
faithful and correct. I have nothing but this rec-
ord by which now to know how far they may
have been erroneous; but if they hajd been entirely
correct translations, the outrage of permitting an
interested party to make them, without being
under oath, and against the objection of the ad-
verse party, would not have been lessened in the
judge.
It has been said, however, as an answer to these
facts, that an appeal was taken from the final de-
cree in this case, and the judgment sustained by
the Supreme Court. But this position is over-
thrown by the fact that an appeal was taken by
one of the defendants, which Mussina supposed
took up the whole case, as is shown by the tes-
timony of Senator Rexjamin, of Louisiana, who
was employed by Mussina to represent him in the
case in the Supreme Court; and he says " he did
not consider himself employed for any body else."
Senator Benjamin, after looking to the case, told
Mussina the appeal would be dismissed, because
a portion of the parties had not joined in it, and
advised him, as the five years were not yet out,
to send to Galveston and perfect the appeal. This
Mussina attempted to do, but faded. The appli-
cation for an appeal was made by his attorney,
Mr. Atchison, who is a highly-respectable man
and lawyer of Galveston. lie went to Judge
Watrous at his room, and read to him the petition
of Mussina andTarnavafor an appeal, and asked
him to fix the amount of the bond, telling him he
was ready at any moment to execute the bond;
and to this he says " the judge answered me that
he would take the paper and consider the matter.
He said he would inform me what action he would
take." Mr. Atchison says further:
l£T!ie next morning T went fo the cotnr fxpeetinir that
the judye would repoit to me what the bond was? to lie, or
u hat action ho had taken m the mattei I leeeived no such
h'poi t. T did not make any fm'lhei application, or m-i>r on
it at that time. I think the day afier that i went into open
oomt, and (ioni niv phieo called the attention of the judtre
to tin; Mattel which I had presented to htm in chambers I
aidved him whethei lie had lHed the amount of the bond. I
told him that, 1 was le.idy to execute it. lie then told me,
foi tiie first time, that he would fee the amount of the bond
when the opposite counsel were in court. I took tip my
hat and loft, under the full impression that fie would not do
anything m the matter, becausc I knew ihat the opposite
counsel weie then engaged in another court, and in a case
that would probably take several days."
This was about the 10th of January, 1857; and
the time at which the period for taking the appeal
would expire, was the 15th of that month. Who,
of all the members of this House, and there are
many lawyers among you, ever heard of a judge
refusing to fix the amount of an appeal bond until
he could see the opposite party in a case like this ?
Thu* the jud#rc consummated his purpose by
preventing Mussina and Tarnava from taking an
appeal, knowing, as he did, that the appeal taken
by Shannon would be dismissed,and that his rul-
ings and judgment would never have to pass in
review before the Supreme Court. The case was
dismissed because the appeal was irregularly
taken. And this is the action of the Supreme
Coin t, under these circumstances, which has been
flaunted in our faces by the friends of Judge Wat-
rous, its the affirmance of his judgment and vin-
dication of his conduct by the Supreme Court.
During the progress of this Cavazos case, Rob-
ert H. ilord, who was attorney for some of the
defendants, was introduced as a witness for the
plaintiffs. Mussina's attorneys, suspecting that
he was interested with the playntifl9; though counsel
for the (hjendant*, objected to his testimony. And
putting him on his voir dire, they propounded the
following question to him:
Cv" Have you. or have you not, any understanding or agree-
ment with the complainants, m either of them, or tluur
agrntor s-olxoitot, in leiation tr> the deteuminifion or settle-
ment of this. cause, or of any Oi the waiters involved therein,
advei.-e to any lnteiest or light claimed by Jacob Mussina
m any piopeny or ritlit* in\ olvcd in tin< .suit3 Aie v.m, or
not, interested m any s--mdi umleistandiug or agreement
Which question Mr. Fiord declined to answer;
and thereupon the couit decided that the question
need not be answered.
Here, again, you see a ruling well calculated to
startle both litigants and the country. And one of
two things must be admitted on looking at it—
either that the judge must have been influenced
by improper motives, or that he was wholly in-
competent to discharge the high commission with
which he was clothed by the Government. But
I do not present this ruling for comment m this
point of view; but, if I had time, I could present
you a vast mass of equaMy flagrant rulings, all
invariably in favor of the same parties. And I
will venture the assertion that no member of this
House can read them without saying in his heart,
when he has done, that he would not be willing for
his rights to be litigated by such a judge. And
will you refuse to aid in sending him to the Senate,
where that august body may pass upon his guilt
or innocence?
Hord was examined as a witness on the 28th
of March, 1851. And on the 1st day of the fol-
lowing November, Mussina instituted a suit in
the fourth district court of New Orleans against
Charles Stillman and Samuel A. Belden, his co-de-
fendants in the Cavazos case, and William Ailing,
their associate, residents of New Orleans, and
Basse and Hord, his and their counsel, in which
he charged them with " combining,confederating,
and conspiring together for the purpose of de-
frauding him," &c., "out of his just rights"
under a certain " contract," dated "the 9th of
December, 1848;" and with slandering him by
falsely and maliciously charging him with fraud
in the public newspapers of the country; and with
slandering his title to said property.
This suit, you will recollect, was brought on
the 1st of November, 1851, in a district court in
the State of Louisiana. The final decree in the
Cavazos case was rendered on the 15th day of Jan-
uary, 1852. A portion of the pioperty involved
in the Cavazos case was occupied by the United
States for military purposes; and it was thought
that there was a large sum due by the United
States, for rent for it, depending on the result of
that litigation.
The decree in the Cavazos case, after decreeing
the title to the property involved out of the de-
fendants and investing it in the plaintiffs, goes on
to enjoin the defendants as follows:
" That the said defendants, Charles Stillman, Samuel A.
Belden, Patnck C. Shannon, and Jfkco'o Alussina, and each
of them, and their and each of their agent", servant*?, and
hirelings!, bo forever enjoined and re&tiained fiora again set-
ting up, claiming, oi pretending, any right or title in them-
selves, or others, by virtue of any of the claims, giants, or
title?, hercinbetore generally oi s-peciaily mentioned and «et
forth, *«r others of like nature, in opposition to the title of
complainant j an aforesaid, and from m any way intermed-
dling with the bairt tract of land, or any pom on thereof,
without the heense of the said complainants ; that they be
further forevei enjoined and ie?tuuried fioni selling, leas-
ing, or otherwise disposing of, any poi nous ot the said tract
of land, and from leeeivtng any money theiefoi ; and from
selling. leasing, oi otherwise deposing of. any lot.-* in the so-
called town oi city of UiowiibviUe, and giVmg titles therefor,
and receiving any payments m nmn"y, or m any other way,
for the same, without the license of the said complainants;
and that a wnt of injunction, in the penalty of §20.000, as
well as all other proper and u->ual process, be issued for the
purpose of enfoicmg this dcciee and for tin; objects herein
stated ; hut nothing heiem contained shall be construed to
piepnhce or ailect the lights ot poisons not paiues m this
cause, nor claiming under such paities.57
And on the next day a writ of injunction was
issued against the defendants. On the 25th day
ofFebruary, 1854,an attachment was issued from
the "United States district court at Galveston,
against Mussina, for a violation of the injunction
in the Cavazos case; and on the same'day the
marshal made the following return:
Received Febrmuy 25, 3651; and having made diligent
iiujuuy, 1 liod that Jacob Mu^sinais, and has been for many
years past, a resident of the aty of New Orleans, State of
'Louisiana, and not at present, nor has been, within my
d^irict. X theiefore return this wut not executed, he being
nottound in my district.
HEN. Mcculloch,
ChiUed States Mkrihal.
By E. T. AUSTIN, Deputy.
Upon this return, a writ of sequestration was
issued, and returned " no property found."
/ have been thus particular in stating facts and
dates that you may see a specimen of the manner
in which the power of Judge Watrous court is
used, whore the liberty of a citizen is involved,
lou have seen several specimens of his action in
civil cases in the course of this debate; but you
will remember that this proceeding was against
the same man against whose rights his extraor-
dinary rulings were all made in tiie Cavazos case.
The suit in the case at New Orleans was com-^
menced before the decree in the Galveston suit
was rendered. The suit in New Orleans was in-
stituted under the authoiity and in the jurisdic-
tion of the sovereign State of Louisiana. The
United States district court of Texas had no power
or authority to enjoin proceedings in a State court
in Louisiana. Mussina was not a citizen of Texas,
and hence not subject to the jurisdiction of the
Federal court there.
