1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
stated, were true, he would get a pension at the j
Pension Office; bat no reasons are stated why he
cannot make the proof.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reasons are obvious
on the face of the report, after such a length of
time.
Mr. TOOMBS. Wot at all; because I ta"ke it,
the opinion of the surgeons is sufficient to prove
that the disability arose from the wound. Cer-
tainly their professional opinion is good evidence
at the Pension Office. If he proved a wound,
and proved fifty years afterwards by persons of
sufficient skill and judgment that the disability
must have resulted from the wound, he would
get a pension from the Department. If the main
facts were established, the Department would re-
ceive the medical opinion that the disability was
the result of the wound. Such evidence is ac-
cepted at the Pension Office. The difficulty is, I
presume, that the fact cannot be proved in this
case by such evidence as the Pension Office ought
to take, or as Congress ought to take. If there
had been a special reason why he could not make
the proof, after the lapse of time, it would be an
exceptional case; but the truth is, that the testi-
mony of asurgeon fifty years afterwards, express-
ing the opinion that he believes, from the nature
of the wound, that the disability was the conse-
quence of it, is perfectly good evidence in the
Pension Office, and it ought to be as good there
as here. I presume, however, that, if you looked
at the facts, the difficulty would be there—about
the very bottom of the case. There seems to be
no principle oil which this bill can be based, ex-
cept that Congress will take less proof than the
Department, without any reasons given to us for
not bringing better proof.
Mr. FESSENDEN". All that depends on the
decision of the Commissioner. If the honorable
Senator from Georgia happened to be the Com-
missioner, it is very evident the case would be
rejected on the view he takes of it, and it has been
rejected simply because the mind of the Commis-
sioner was not satisfied. That decision ought to
be condjusive. If it was conclusive, we should
have nffne Of these cases here. They come here
for the simple reason that in the individual case,
the Commissioner has come to a conclusion which
is not satisfactory to the claimant, and which he
thinks ought not to be satisfactory to Congress.
It is a question for Congress to settle.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. I will vote for no mere appeal from the
Pension Office here. We should be the mostcon-
temptible of all tribunals for that. It is for the
Pension Office to administer our laws. There
may be equitable cases which come within the
spirit, and notwithin the letterof the law, andin
such cases we may propeily interpose; but I will
hear 110 appeal from the Commissioner of Pen-
sions to Congress. I renew the motion to lay the
bill on the tabic.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Mpssrs. Bright, Cliesnut, Clay, Clm<jman, Davis,
Fitzpatnck, Gwm, Hunter, Mason, Polk, Kei'd, Rice, Sli-
de 11, Toombs, and Ward—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Benjamin, Bigler,Broder-
ick, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Collainer, Crittenden, Dixon,
Doohttle, Douglas, Durltee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Hale,
Haniiin, llariuii. Houston, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee,
King, Mallory, Pugh, Seward, Shields, Stuart, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—32.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was passed.
WILLIAM BULLOCK.
The bill (H. R. No. 530) for the relief of Wil-
liam Bullock was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It directs the Seeretary of the Interior to place
the name of William Bullock upon the roll of in-
valid pensions, at the rate of six dollars a month,
from the 1st of January, 1854.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to hear the report
in that,case.
The Secretary read the report, as follows;
The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom were re-
ferred the petition and papers of William Bullock, beg
leave to submit a report:
That theie is good and sufficient evidence of said Bullock
having rendered service 111 tile war of 1812; illat lie re-
ceived severe iniunes, whilst 111 the line of his duty, winch
now unfit him for labor. At a tornier session of Congress,
a lull was introduce d for his lehof, but for want of time it
failed to become a law. Your committee now report a bill
granting him relief.
Mr. STUART. I think that is not very satis-
factory.
Mr. CLAY. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN C. RATHBUN.
The bill (H. R. No. 529) for the relief of John
C. Rathbun was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It provides for placing his name on the pension
roll at four dollars a month, to commence Feb-
ruary 15, 1858, and continue during his life.
Mr. CLAY and Mr. PCJGH called for the
reading of the report; and it was read, as follows:
The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom were re-
ferred the papers in the case of John C. Rathbun, report:
That they have had the same under consideration, and find
that said Jotm C. K-nhbun enlisted as a private on the 10th
day of May, 1814, in the company of Captain Claudius C.
Bo.ughter, of the New York militia, and served until the 8th
day of November, 1814. It is alleged by the petitioner that
he was taken prisoner by the enemy in the month of Au-
gust, 1814. At the time of being taken prisoner he received
three wounds—one with a saber on the head, which frac-
tured his skull; another with a saber on the left shoulder,
which cut through the left shoulder blade; and another with
a pistol ball, winch passed through the left thigh; from which
said wounds he is unable to earn a living by manual labor.
Marvin Morgan, a fellow soldier m the same company and
regiment, swears to having been present at the time said
wounds were inflicted.
Jaspar Morgan substantiates the statements of Marvin'
Morgan.
Blewford Johnson and John H. Weir, who sign them-
selves surgeons, swear that they made a personal examina-
tion of the wounds, and are satisfied that they are of such a
character as to incapacitate the said John C. Rathbun trom
earn mg a living by manual labor.
The applicant, as well as all the witnesses, are certified
to be men of lespectabihty and truth.
Your committee ask leave to report a bill.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the question which I asked
before: why was not this application made long
ago ? Certainly, these stale claims, after so great
a lapse of time, ought not to be favored. If these
statements about the wounds of this soldier be
true, it would have been the most natural thing
in the world for him, on being discharged from
the service, to claim all that the law gave him in
the nature of a pension. The bill may be all right;
but, without some explanation of the extraordi-
nary lapse of time which has intervened, I am
constrained to object to it. I think one of the
wisest maxims ever delivered was by an old Ken-
tucky judge, who'said—it will be found in one of
the early volumes of the KentuckyJieports—that
when a claim had slept about thirty years it ought
to sleep on forever. I object to the bill, unless
there is some explanation.
Mr. CLAY. I will ask the Senator whether,
if he received all these wounds, the roll of his
captain, at the time of his discharge, would not
show that he was disabled on account of his
wounds ?
Mr. PUGH. Of course, if there was a muster-
roll, it would show whether he was dischaged for
wounds or not. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. PUGH'. I waive it for the present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no personal knowl-
edge about this bill; but I have been spoken to
by a member of the o.ther House in regard to it.
It is very conclusively,shown that this petitioner
was wounded. The question has been asked,
why the rolls do not show that he was discharged
on account of his wounds? The evidence is, that
he was taken prisoner at the time of his wounds.
As I said, I have no personal knowledge of the
case; but I was informed by one of the members
of the House that it was a very meritorious case.
Certainly, nothing more can be asked than this
report discloses, unless you go upon the ground
that you will reject all these claims. The evi-
dence seems to have been satisfactory to the
House of Representatives,-and the evidence pre-
sented by the report appears to me to be quite
sufficient. I think the case is as complete as you
can ask to have it, unless you say that ati explan-
ation must be made of the delay. I think that
ought not to be required. It is but four dollars a
memth; a very small matter at any rate. I pre-
sume the party lives in the State of Illinois, al-
though I do not know that fact; for a member
from that State came to me, gave me a copy of
the bill and report, and stated it to me to be a
meritorious case. I trust the bill will
Mr. PUGH. I think my objection is well taken
to the whole affair. If this man was wounded,
and afterwards taken prisoner, when he was dia-'
charged from his captivity and discharged from
the Service the first thing he would do would he,
to apply for a pension. A most extraordinary-
statement hfts been made here, although "I did not'
controvert it—that any soldier of that war should
not have known, for thirty or forty years after
his discharge, that he was entitled to a pension.
It is a very unusual case. It cannot have hap-
pened in all these instances. U.nless there is some
i satisfactory explanation given for the inordinate
delay of the party in presenting his claim, I shall
come to the conclusion that he had no claim at1
the time witnesses were living, and he trusts to
the memory of his comrades. Sir, the memory
of fellow-soldiers is a treacherous thing. I had
an affidavit sent to me once, drawn out by some
lawyer, wanting me to testify that a man who had
been in my company received a gunshot wound
in his foot on a certain day, from which he was
disabled. I wrote back that I did not recollect the
circumstance at all. The lawyer wrote me back
a very saucy letter, insisting that I should make
the affidavit in order to entitle the man to a pen-
sion. I reviewed all the memoranda I had,
brought my best recollection to bear, and I could
not j-ecollect that the company was in any engage-
ment at all on that day, or had seen the face of
the enemy, or any gunshot operation, for two
weeks before. It is a mistake to trust to the mem-
ory of soldiers. There is some reason'why this
man did not get his pension at the time; but it
passed out of mind, and now there is nobody to
take care of the Government. To be sure, it is
only four dollars a month; but if you pass them
all, it will amount to something. 1 think we had
better fnake an end of them.
Mr. CLAY. My recollection is, that, as an in-
ducement to volunteer, it was promised by the
act of Congress that those who did volunteer
should be pensioned, if they were disabled by
wounds in the public service.
Mr. PUGH. I think it was offered, then, in
advance of the service, as a part of the pay, that
they should have pensions.
Mr. IVERSON. As the Senator who reported
these bills is not here to defend them, and the
chairman of the committee is also absent, I take
it for granted that there is no merit in these claims.
I therefore move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion.
Mr. IVERSON. Certainly; for the accommo-
dation of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know anything
about this case; but I do not think this is a proper
way to dispose of it. I do not accede to the cor-
rectness of the position that because a man has
waited a great many years, therefore he has for-
feited all claim to a pension. Here is a case
where the man received, according to the testi-
mony, three wounds. It is perfectly evident that
if he received these wounds, and they are sworn
to by witnesses, he must be suffering under them
to this day. The only astonishment to my mind
is that he lived at all. We ought not to punish
him for holding on to life as long as he can. He
has let his country alone for forty years; and I
really think that, for the.two or three years longer
that he may live, as he received his wounds in
his country's service, he ought to have this pen-
sion. It is a little matter to us. Who will say
that he shall not have it, because he did not, for
forty years, come? I do not believe in turning off
claimants in such an unceremonious manner when
their bills have been passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives. They do not look important to us;
but they are important to the men who rendered
the services.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Since the case has been up,
I have referred to the papers, and I have found
among them a number of affidavits by gentlemen
whom I know. I was not aware that these pa-
pers were here, I find one signed by Mr. J. Gil-
lespie, who has been a member of the State Sen-
ate of Illinois for many years, a very respectable
gentleman, as reliable as any man in the State.
He seems to be personally acquainted with Mr.
Rathbun. I will read his affidavit:
"Joseph Gillespie, being duly sworn, deposetli and saith
that he has been personally acquainted for about twenty-
five years last past with John C. Eathbun, a resident of saia
