THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 14,1858.
New Series....No. 3.
Thus was Mussina's rights outraged in Judge
Watrous's court in Texas; and thus was he pur-
sued, in violation of all law, for attempting, to
assert his rights in a court where he could hope
to get justice. I agree with that part of the com-
mittee who say:
" It also seems clear, when the pleadings in the suit insti-
tuted by Mussma against Stillman, Belden, and Ailing, and
Basse and Herd, in the fourth district court oFNew Orleans,
are consideied, together with the judgment rendered in it
upon the veuhctof a js*ry, and the evidence in the con-
tempt case, that there wd« no foundation whatever for the
proceeding against Inni for a contempt, and that the. action
of the judge with respect to it was unauthorized bylaw,
and was intended to be vexatious and oppressive. How
any othei conclusion can be arrived at, when it is remem-
bered that the suit m New Orleans \va« instituted by Mus-
sina against his co-defendants alone and their counsel, and
related to rights growing cut of their own transactions, it is
not ea^y to conceive."
There is another matter connected with this
suit in New Orleans to which I must call your
attention, without having time to elaborate it.
Mussina charges Judge Watrous with " being
present at the city of New Orleans during the ar-
gument of the suit brought by your petitioner for
the conspiracy and fraud connected with the liti-
gation on the Texas bill, for the purpose of aiding
and abetting to obtain a successful result for the
defendants in the said former suit; and, in order
to escape detection, attempting to conceal his
presence in the said city by arrangements with
the hotel-keeper that his real name might not ap-
pear on the hotel register."
In October, 1856, Mussina brought a suit
against Judge Watrous and others, in the city of
New York, for a conspiracy connected with this
same Cavazos case. Judge Watrous's answer
was filed in this case, by his attorney, on the 2d
of December, 1856, under the New York statute,
and sworn to by the attorney, who swears that
he made it on informaUon from Judge Watrous.
In that answer he says:
*• And although he admits that he visited Xew Orleans,
yet he denies mat he concealed, or attempted in conceal,
the fact of his visits m any way, or that his visits were in-
duced by the otlsft defendants herem, or either of them,
jointly or severally, or their agents or attorneys."
The testimony which was brought before Con-
gress to sustain these charges during the session
of Congress of 1856-57 contained the affidavits of
Ensign and Galpm, of New Orleans, which show
that he did attempt to conceal his presence in New
Orleans by requesting the Hotel-keeper not to en-
ter his name on the register; that he stayed in a
single room (No. 23) by himself; and that dur-
ing his second stay the hotel-keeper entered on
the register, opposite the number of his room, the
name of " John Jones/'
After these facts came out, and when he came
to file his answer last winter, notwithstanding his
previous answer in the New Yoik case, he says:
" When I came to the hotel, I desired the clerk, Mr.
Ensign, to give me a loom without putting my name on
the rejristoi, and 1 stated the leason ot the request. It was
tins: that, if put upon the register, it would appear in the
papers of the next mormntr. and be seen by the members ot
a lannly who were very intimate with mine, and they
would be hurt when they found that I had been in the city
and not called mi them. Tins wa§ the reason given to
Mr. Ensign. Upon my making thi< statement, the clerk
wrote the name of John Jones opposite the number of my
room. This is the revelation of the mighty m>stery."
In the first of these answers he denies positively
that he attempted to conceal the fact of his pres-
ence in New Orleans. In the second he admits
that he did attempt to conceal his presence in New
Orleans, but attempts to explain why he did it.
Which statement is true? Recollect, his arrival
the first time was on the 30th of April, 1855; his
second, on the 13th of May, 1855. The proof
shows that he attempted to conceal his presence
on both occasions. In his answer he passes it
over as though be had only attempted this con-
cealment once. This was during the pendency of
the suit in New Orleans of Mussina against Ail-
ing and others, about tins Rio Grande property;
which was also involved in the Cavazos suit. And
I call the attention of the House to the coincidence
of dates disclosed in the abstract from the pro-
ceedings in that case, and the dates of JudgeWat-
In.tlie suprejue court of the State of Louis-
iana.
rous's concealment ofhis presence at the Veranda
Hotel, in New Orleans:
Mussina
VS.
Alling et al..
This case was called on 9th May, 1855, and fixed for trial
for 16th May, 1855; the cases preceding it on the docket
having taken the whole day, it was continued, for want of
time, to bo called by preference. It was called a second
time on the 21st May, 1855, and set for trial on the 30th of
May, 1855, when the argument was opened, and closed on
the following day.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Orleans.
I, Richard Ere nan, a commissioner of the State of Texas
for the State of Louisiana, to take the acknowledgment of
deeds, &c., certify that I have this day carefully and per-
sonally examined the minutes ot the proceedings of the su-
preme court of the State of Louisiana, as they arc extant
on the records of said court, touching the matters in the suit
of Mussina vs. Alling et al., and that, aftei a careful colla-
tion, I find the foregoing instrument m writing is a correct
abstract of said record.
In faith whereof, I grant these presents under my signa-
r ture and official seal, at New Orleans, this 29th day
t • S,J of November, A. D. 1855.
R. BRENAN,
Commissioner of Texas for Louisiana.
The judge arrives in New Orleans the first time
on the 30th of April. The case on which the
Brownsville property and the large amount of
money at Washington is supposed to be involved,
and which is to have its influence in investing one
or the other party with a vast fortune, is called up
on the 9th of May, and was set for trial on the
15th day of May. The judge leaves New Orleans
the 3d day of May and returns again, and is found
in his private room alone, and John Jones on the
register, opposite the number of his room, on the
13th day of May. The argument was closed on
the 30th day of May, and Judge Watrous left
New Orleans the 31st day of May.
It is also a remarkable fact, that Charles Still-
man, one of the persons sued by Mussina, and
supposed by Mussina to be m the conspiracy
with Watrous and others, arrived at the Veranda
Hotel on the same day on which Judge Watrous
arrived there the second time, the 13th of May.
He knew this charge, and this proof was against
him: and yet he has not brought a particle of
proof to break the force of these extraordinary
circumstances. But he has attempted to treat
them with contempt and. ridicule in his answer.
It is a safe rule of law, known well to Judge Wat-
rous, that where one is charged with a crime, and
the proof of his guilt rests upon circumstances,
if he assume, in his defense, an impossible or
improbable hypothesis, this is, itself, a strong
evidence of guilt. Look to all that has trans-
pired in Judge Wstrous's court andelsewhere, in
relation to this immense property. See Ins fla-
grant disregard of law, whenever it became neces-
sary to disregard the law, in order to sustain the
claims of the plaintiffs and defeat those of the
defendants. See first his denial and then his ad-
mission of his attempt to conceal the fact of his j
presence at New Orleans. See how he evades the ■,
full force of these circumstances by assuming, 111 ;
his answer, that he only once attempted to con- j
ceal his presence there. See him excusing him- ,
self on that occasion by saying " there was a ,
family in the city who were very familiar with ;
mine, and they would be hurt if they found I had
been m the city and had not called on them,
Whatexcuse does he give for the second occasion r'
Why omit that ? Why did he not prove by some j
of the " several gentlemen now in the city'1 the
facts which he asserts, and not rest the case on
his unsworn statement:
He also denies the fact in his unsworn state-
ment of giving any directions about his name on
his second arrival, and yet the witness Galpin
swears positively that he did. And after looking
at al! these tilings, let your minds inquire if a man
of conscious purity and a high sense of honor
would attempt to treat them with ridicule and af-
fected contempt. And the sophistry of his an-
swer to this charge is a circumstance not to be
looked over. He places his answer on the ground
that Mussina charges him with an attempt to in-
fluence the judges in Louisiana by corrupt means.
Mussina made no such charge, and the judge
knew it. He charged him with going there to aid
and abet in obtaining a successful result for his
friends in that suit. Was there no means of for-
warding this result but to corrupt the judges ? Can
no others suggest themselves to the mmd of Judge
Watrous ? I say to you that I look upon these
fact? as going far indeed to establish a conspiracy
between the judge and others in the Cavazos case,
to use the powers of his court for the purpose of
corruptly obtaining this vast property.
There are many other interesting points in the
Cavazos case, which ought to be examined, in or-
der to a full development"of the astonishing array
of circumstances which induced the Judiciary
Committee of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, 01
which the honorable gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Tappan] was one, to unanimously re-
port that—
" In the case of Cavazos et ul. is. Stillman etal., the rec-
ord affords sufficient evidence to satisfy the committee that
there was collusion between the solicitors for the complain-
ants and a part of the solicitois for the defendants, and that
a part of the defendants, or one of them at least, Jacob Mus-
sina, was defrauded and betrayed by such collusion. They
would further state, that there is evidence to satisfy them
that a part of the defendants were concerned in the con-
spiracy, and that the judge of the court knew of the col-
lusion during the pendency of the suit."
And which induced a part of the present Judiciary
Committee to report that—
v<< Before concluding this branch of the subject, it is proper
to state that there was no evidence before the committee to
show that Judge Watrous bad any interest in the subjeet-
matter of the litigation in the Cavazos case, or that he was
to derive any advantage to himself from his various rulings
m it, or ft oin its final decision m favor of the complainants.
Cut, whilst thwls true, if is also due to the occasion for us
to observe, that whilst nopomtin the progiessof the Cava-
zos case, to which refeience has been made, would, per-
haps, if standing by itself, be sufficient to constitute positive
misconduct in a judce, yet we are constiamed to acknowl-
edge that our conviction 13 different when we look at all of
these points and embrace them in a single view.
" Eveiy n regular or wrongful decision of the judge was in
favor ofthe complainants and against the defendant, Mus-
sina, and those occupying a similar position, and was to
their puticular injury. By maintaining the proceeding as
one rightfully brought 'on the chancery side of the court,
these defendants were illegally deprived of their right to a
trial by a juiy. and were compelled to submit to an adjudi-
cation'upon their rights to the property in such a manner
that the decision would he final and conclusive as to the
title of the property, instead of one upon the right of pos-
session, which would at once have been pronounced, on the
law side ofthe court, in an actionof ejectment. By main-
taining jurisdiction over the case, when a portion of the
defendant- as well as the plaintiffs were aliens, these de-
fendants weie deprived of their rights to have the questions
involved in it decided by the courts of Texas, to whose ju-
risdiction they were rightfully amenable, and whose laws
were to govern m thatdecwun. admitting incompetent
witnesses to t ;stifv, their rights were affected by evidence
given by persons who had an interest in the litigation ad-
verse to theirs. And, finally, they are prevented from having
the decision against'them reviewed in the appellate court
by the failure of the judge to perform his full duty to them
in facilitating the exercise of the right of appeal, given to
them by law, from motives of public policy, for their own
puvate advantage,; and that, too. when there is some rea-
son to believe that the decree by the' court m not in con-
fonmty wit.i the pnnci^es ot law, as recognized in Texas.
Such a coui-.fi of action continued through the whole prog-
ress of a cause, in thvor of some of the parties and against
other*, is, to our mind*, conclusive evidence of the exist-
ence of a purpose, on the part of the judge, to favor one
party, or set of pames, at the e.\pen=e and to the injury 01
others, which is inconsistent with an upnght, hone«t, and
impartial discharge of the judicial functions. And this, we
believe, constitutes a breach of the 'good behavior5 upon
which, by the Constitution, the tenure of the judicial office
b made to depend/'
It was mv intention to have considered chiefly
the case of Laosley against Spencer, or rather the
suits <^rowin^ out of the .La Vega grant. But as
both the gentlemen who have preceded me in ad-
vocating the impeachment of Judge "W atrous have
directed their arguments mainly to that branch
of the case, T have felt it to be my duty to change
mv purpose, and consider, to some extent, the
more difficult, because more complicated and volu-
minous, Cavazos case.
Before proceeding with the other propositions I
desire to present to the House, 1 wish to say that
I have heard honorable gentlemen express them-
selves that, in all this vast volume of evidence,
there is no specific act on which you can put your
finger and say, that is such an offense, or breach
of good behavior, as should calfror the impeach-
