84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
rnent of Judge Watrous. If gentleman will allow
me, 1 would say he is not charged with a specific
crime, constituted by a single act, which can be
so proven. He is charged with fraudulent com-
binations—secret conspiracies with others. He is
a beamed lawyer and sagacious man; and they all
—those concerned with him—without exception,
are either learned and able lawyers, or shrewd,
sagacious speculators, and many of them men of
great wealth—dealing in immense, though litiga-
ted, titles to land of doubtful validity—and ail of
them together combining the most extraordinary
elements for the successful, secret management of
such transactions in such a manner that, while
human misery bemoans its effects, human ingenu-
ity and energy and perseverance can scarcely un-
ravel its meshes.
But go with mc to the vast rich plains, the
beautiful prairies of Texas, and see there the
faithful, honest workingmen of that State, who
obey the mandate of our Great Creator, by " eat-
ing their bread by the sweat of their face." See
them select some favorite spot otf the frontier,
locate their certificate on it, have it surveyed, and
in many instances obtain the patent of the Gov-
ernment, settle on it, build their houses, clear and
fence their farms, surround themselves with or-
chards and stock, and rearing families of hardy
athletic children; see them so remain, as I have
seen them for twenty years, attached to these
homes and settled, as they supposed, for life; and
then turn to such a man as Robert Hughes, or
William G. Hale, or Thomas M. League, or Dr.
Iiewitson, or Francis J. Parker, or JohnTreanor,
or John C. Watrous, who are prominent in the
transactions now under consideration, and a great
number of the same kind who are now engaged in
Texas in hunting up or fabricating old grants,
and in endeavoring to mold the legislation and ju-
dicial decisions of the State so as to sustain them;
no matter if they rest on perjury and forgery; no
matter if they were issued upon condition that they
should be settled and cultivated, and neither has
been done; no matter if the payment of the pur-
chase money was a condition precedent to the in-
vestiture of the fee, and that has never been paid;
no matter if there were conditions annexed to the
giant which could not possibly, under the laws
in force before the change of Government, have
been complied with for want of time before that
change took place, and were followed by consti-
tutional provisions refusing to allow the carrying
into grant of such inchoate titles, wh«jn above
the size of one league and labor, which is four
thousand six hundred and seven acres; no mat-
ter if they were the Mason eleven-league grants,
which were fraudulent and void under the laws
of Mexico and Coahuilaand Texas, and were sub-
sequently so declared by the constitution of the ;
Republic, and also by the constitution or'the State j
of Texas; no matter for all these things, and
others like these;—see such a man, with his legal
learning-, or his notorious character as a shrewd
manager of such things, or his great wealth, which
terrifies others from litigating with him, or his
high legal, or political, orjudicial position, which
alarms an humble but honest litigant; bringing his
old title to light; discovering its locality, finding
that it is not barred by the statute of limitations ;
because it belongs either to a married woman or ;
infant heirs, and with such a claim, under such !
circumstances, breaking up whole settlements of J
the first class of citizens I have described, and
turning them out of house and home, as poor old
Spencer has been served, under what I expect to
show is a title resting on a most glaring and out-
rageous forgery.
is it to be said, because such men cannot be '
convicted of crimes by the plain specific proof of
a single fact, which can be comprehended at a '
single view, without an effort of memory and
reason, that they shall go on in their crimes and
desolate and demoralize a whole country by driv-
ing honest men from their rightful homes, and
teaching the people, by high example, that the
road to fortune is over violated oaths, faisuie'd
records, and amercenaryand degraded judiciary
Poi that would be the effect.
I will now call your attention briefly to a few
features in the Lapsley cases. The derivation of
title has been stated by both the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr Chapman]and the gentleman
fromWisconsin, [Mr. Bilunghurst,] and I need
not repeat it.
On the 1st of May, 1840, Samuel M. Williams
made £ deed to M. B. Menard and Nathaniel P.
Williams, in trust for the use of Kis sister, Sophia
St. John, for the eleven leagues of land granted
to Thomas de la "Vega, in consideration of $2,500
paid him, in 1834; and this deed was recorded in
the clerk's office in Limestone county, on the 9th
of March, 1849. Then follows a deed of release,
signed by Williams as agent for De la Vega, to
Mrs. St. John, acknowledging the foregoing con-
sideration on the 1st day of July,. 1850. On the
same day a deed is executed by N. P. Williams
and Menard, the trustees of Mrs. St. John, to
Thomas M. League. And on the same day a
deed is executed by Thomas M. League to John
W. Lapsley, of Alabama, for this land in con-
sideration of the sum of $7,000; and it is wit-
nessed by Robert Hughes and A. M. Hughes.
And this deed was recorded in McLennen county,
on the 10th of February, 1851. Then we come
to the agreement entered into in relation to this
La Vega grant between Lapsley of the first part,
who held the legal title, and League and Watrous
of the second part, who were each made the equi-
table owner of one fourth; and Goldsby, Plutten-
burg, Prow, and Price, parties of the third part,
who, together with Lapsley, were to hold one
fifth of one half each, upon the conditions named
in tho agreement. This was executed on the 9th
of July, 1850, and has not been recorded. A
number of persons were in the adverse possession
of this land at the time these hitter deeds were
executed, and suits were instituted against eleven
of them early m the year 1851.
League told "Watrous of the chance for this
speculation in May, 1850. Watrous suggested
the Alabama men, as men of capital, who would
go into it. League agreed to give him a fourth
interest in the land for doing so. They go to Al-
abama together and with Shearer, in July. They
arc all together, when the agreement is made with
the Alabama men.
Why invest the legal title to this land in Laps-
ley, who owned but one tenth of the land, "and
not in League or Watrous, each the owner of one
fourth J It is suggested for the reason that Laps-
ley and the other Alabama men furnished all the
money. But what is the diflcren.ee? If they had
made a public agreement instead of a private
agreement, and put it on record, instead of keep-
ing it out of view, they would have been just
as secure of their rights with the legal title in
League or Watrous, as in Lapsley; and League
wns on the ground, the active, managing man,
'and one of the largest owners. Why not have
vested the legal title in him ? The fact that the
suits were brought in Judge Watrous's own court,
with his own knowledge and consent, (for he stood
by and saw the first writs issued, and expressed
no surprise,and raised no objection,) may, to some
extent, furnish the explanation. And the fact that
this judge retained jurisdiction of these suita from
1851 to 1854 without his interest being known to
any of the defendants or their attorneys, (for no
one of them know it,) may show why the legal
title was vested in Lapsley, a citizen of Alabama.
And it is no answer to this to say that Judge
Watrous's lawyers, and the officers of his court,
knew of his interest. Of course they did. But
none of them will undertake to say that any one
of the defendants or their counsel knew of it.
I had intended here to take up the testimony of
some of the witnesses who testified for Watrous,
and show what awkward predicaments they fie-
quently placed themselves in by endeavoring to
screen him. But I will not have time. Any one,
however, who has read the testimony, will have
seen that notwithstanding Judge Watrous's in-
terest of fifteen thousand acres in this tract of
land, which by League's testimony is worth
$75,000; notwithstanding his conversations with
League about it, and with Hughes, his lawyer;
and notwithstanding he was present when the title
and everything about the land was discussed at
Selma, where the trade was made; and notwith-
standing he urged League to make to Lapsley a
warranttitle,and said the case of Hancock against
MoKirmcy, in the State courts of Texas, would
decide the question in the La Vega title; and not-
withstanding he sat in judgment on the concession
and power of attorney in the La "Vega title, on
the trial of the case of UfFord against Dykes, (for
they were the identical papers under which he was
claiming this $75,000 worth of land;) and notwith-
standing in that case he charged the jury that that
title was good " and conveyed the land," still
Hughes and League and a number of others are
all through their testimony protesting that Judge
Watrous knew nothing about the title. And why
is this ? It is because the damning fact stands up
before them all the time that their friend and pat-
ron, the judge,had satin trial in thecaseofUnbrd
against Dykes, and had said that title was good
and conveyed the land, when it was the same title
under which he was to make a " fortune." Be-
cause the picture came up of the judge adjudicat-
ing his own disputed title, with his own lawyer
and friend, Judge Hughes, who is employed by
him to sustain the title in the Lapsley cases, being
wrung in, by his assistance, to the Ufford and
Dykes case, and standing before that judge pre-
tending to resist the title which he was employed
by the judge to sustain, but really admitting away
the rights of his latter clients by furnishing Mr.
Hale, the attorney of the opposite side, with a copy
of tho power of attorney about which you have
heard so much, and admitting it in evidence with-
out a question.
At the first trial of this case, when the default
judgment was rendered, and a verdict had on writ
of inquiry, Mr. Shearer, who came to Texas at
the instance of Judge Watrous, and was made a
deputy clerk under James Love at Watrous's re-
quest, and who was present at the first interview
between Watrous and League about this land,
and went with them to Alabama, and was present
during the making of the trade at Selma, and who
was neither a freeholder nor householder in Texas
at the time, and consequently, under the laws
there, not a qualified juror, and who was the
brother-in-law of Price, one of Judge Watrous's
partners, acted as foreman of the jury which ren-
dered the verdict in the Ufford and Dykes case.
Knowing, as he must have known, that the judge,
m trying that case, and Judge Hughes, in pie-
tending to represent parties whose interest it was
to resist that title, before the judge who had em- .
ployed him to sustain it, and himself as foreman
of the jury, with a full knowledge of all these
facts, and pronouncing a verdict on his brother-in-
law's title, altogethermade up a picture so hideous
and loathsome that there is no wonder the wit-
nesses kept going out of their way to asseverate
Judge Watrous's utter ignorance of the tale in
which he claimed fifteen thousand acres of land.
It has been asked why these witnesses have not
been tmpcached ? Gentlemen are of course serious
when they ask this; but as some of them, and the
most important, for the purposes of those who
think Judge Watrous should not be impeached,
have so repeatedly contradicted themselves during
these examinations, that it really would seem to
be cruelty to attempt to impeach them worse.
But anotheranswer to this is, that the committee
refused to allow this to be done. In the case of
Cleveland, the question was asked, on page 190
of the printed evidence, " what are the relations
between yourself and Mussina ?" m order to show
ill-feeling and unfriendliness on the part of the
witness, and to go to his credibility; and objection
was made by the committee, and the answer ex-
cluded. Remember that an attempt was made to
impeach the testimony of Judge Hughes, and the
committee refused to consider the question. You
will recollect that Judge Hughes was asked the
question by Judge Evans as to why his nomina-
tion for United States district attorney was not
sent into the Senate by.the President; and the
committee decided he should not answer, Judge
Evans at the time stating that the object of the
question was to affect the credibility of the wit-
ness. I would suggest that members of the com-
mittee consider what side of these questions they
voted on before they ask us why the witnesses
were not impeached.
The genuineness of the power of sale from La
Vega to Williams was brought in question m the
Lapsley cases. I shall only have time to look to
a portion of the evidence on this point.
After the order was made for the transfer of
these cases from the United States district court
at Austin to the circuit court at New Orleans,
and on the 23d day of February, 3855, James
Hewitson made oath to the following deposition:
The United States of America,
District of Texas, to wit:
Be it remembered, that on this 23d day of February,
A. D. 1855, r, Archibald A. Hughes, a commissioner of afTi-
