1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
davits and bail m civil ea^ea in the courts of the United
States, duly appointed by the district court for tbe district
aforesaid, at the request of Robert Hughes, attorney for
the plamtift herein, tins day called and caused James Hewit-
son to be and appeal before me, at my office in the city of
Galveston, in tin* district aforesaid, between the houfs of
nine o'clock of the forenoon and six of the afternoon,,to
testify and tlie trutii to say in a certain action at law and
matter ot controversy now depending and undetermined
in the circuit court of the United States for the eastern
district of Louisiana, at New Orleans, wherein John W.
Lapsley is plaintiff, and Ehphas Spencer is defendant, in
behalf of the plaintiff.
The said James Hewitson being of lawful age, and being
by me first examined and cautioned, and sworn to testify
the whole truth in regard to theinatterof controversy afore-
said, deposeth and saith as follows, to wit:
* That he is acquainted with the handwriting of Juan Gon-
zales, whose certificate and signature to the original testi-
taonio of the power of attorney, puiporting to be executed
by Jos6 Maria and Raphael Aguirre and Thomas Vega, m
the city of Leona Vicano, on the 5th day'of the month of
May, 1832, before the said Juan Gonzales, regidor of said
city and second alcalde in turn, and which is now presented
to him, arid that from his knowledge of the handwnting of
said Juan Gonzales, he docs verily believe that the whole
of said leUimonio, including the certificate and signature of
said Juan Gonzales, i=? in the handwriting of said Gonzales;
that he is well acquainted with the handwriting of Jos6
Manuwl Moral and Jose Nazano Ortis, the persons who
puiport to he assisting witnesses to said testimonio, and he
is well satisfied and does verily believe that the signatures
to said testimonio, <s Jos6 Naz. Oi£is,?Jandu J. Mi. Moral,"
are 111 the handwriting of said Orus and Moral. The said
Gonzales and Ortis, when living, resided in the Suite of
Coahmla. They are now both dead. Said Moral now re-
sides in said State of Coahuila,m the now so-called Repub-
lic of Mexico, and is, a& he believe^, now there. The les-
ihnovio above spoken of, in order to identify it, is maikod
A, and his (this deponent's) signature thereon, and which
the commissioner taking this deposition has certified to be
the document referred to in this deponent's evidence, and
lias been returned to plaintiff's agent.
And further tins deponent sanh not.
JAMES HEWITSON.
Eiascd m the seventeenth and eighteenth lines from bot-
tom of first page, the words," he is well satisfied and does;"
and the words '-he does" mteilmed before signing.
* A. M. HUGHES, CuMituvtioner.
And I, the said Archibald M. Ilughos, the commissioner
afoiesaid, do certify that the reason for taking the depo-
sition of the said witness is, that the said witness, the said
James Hewitson, resides and lives in the city of Saltillo,
in the Republic of Mexico, more than one hundred miles
from the city of New Orleans, the place ot tual of the action
at law or matter of controversy aforesaid; and I do further
certify that J gave no notice to the said Ehphas Spencei,
oi lus attorney, to be present at the taking of this deposi-
tion, and to put intenoizatonesif he or theythonzht proper,
because neither the said Ehphas Spencer noi his attorney
ib Within one hundred miles of the city of Galveston, the
place of the raption of thi< deposition, and where the same
i= taken ; and I do fuither ceitify, that, being attended by
the witness, as stated in the caption, after being duly
f-wom, he testified m my presence as bofoie set out, which
was reduced to wilting by me in the presence of the witness,
and by him signed m my presence ; and I do further cer-
tify, that I am not of counsel or attorney to eithei of the
patties in the action at law or matter of contiove^y afore-
said. or m anv manner whatever interested in the event of
the s-anie. I have letamed this deposition to he sealed up,
diiected. and transmitted to the cncuit court aforesaid, m
accordance with the act of Congress m such case made and
piovided.
Given under my hand and seal, this 23d day of February,
r -i A. I>. 1 &>3, afoiesaid '
LL«S,J A\ M. HUGHES, Commissioner.
The points to which I call your attention in
this deposition and certificate are, that Hewitson
'swears to the handwriting of Gonzales, the regi-
dor, and of Moral and Ortis, the assisting: witness-
es. And that the whole of the body of the instru-
ment, together with the certificate and signature,
are ill the handwriting of Gonzales, andthat Gon-
zales and Ortis were then dead—that is on the £3d
day of February, 1855. And then I ask that it be
borne in mind that Hewitson was an extensive liti-
gant in Watrous's court. And that Howard, of the
city of Galveston, where this deposition was taken,
was the attorney ofSpencer at the time, and resid-
ing m Galveston when the deposition was taken,
and received no notice from Mr. Hughes, the com-
missioner—this is the son ofThomas Hughes the
lawyer and witness. (Seepages284 and 2S5 print-
ed evidence.) I must also say that it was on this
deposition that League and Watrous and others,
ousted old mail Spencer of his home.
The following is the testimony of Thomas de
la Vega, the grantee of the land claimed by Laps-
ley and others:
On tli«' 24th duv of November, 1836, pe.icc lnvms been
m tin* city, tlie (icfior) micro caused to appear
Sir. Thomas tie la Vrai, to whom was adinnustcriM, in (hie
i'oini, the o.lth ptescribed I'm-one who comes loruaid to .iy
tbe ti mb, acconhiiL' to his knowledge ; ami lie having been
intejrosatrd eoiifounably to the interrogatories winch are
continued in the Inst or" tiie translated documents winch
vu' <■ icad tu him. he '-aid, m an>wei :
To the (h-'f. That lie is torty-six yeais of age, and, by
occupation, a nierchanf.
:Co Die won*}. That Ik: u not acquainted with, and that
lie has never been acquainted with, fcauiuel M. W lilianis.
To the third. That he has examined the copy, (in ques-
tion,) and that he never signed the original which it pur-
ports to represent; that he did, conjointly with Don Ra-
phael and Don Jose Maria de Aguirre, grant a power to the
effect that the Williams referred to should take possession
of and mark off eleven tracts, (ofland,) which the Governor
had granted to each one of the appearers: but that he did i
not grant, and That he never has granted any power, as to
his part, to alienate or sell these tracts; that, con&equently, |
the power which is exhibited to him is false.
To the ^fourth. That he ha3 always signed Thomas de la
Vega, and that he does not recollect ever having done so
under the name of Thoma3 Vega.
To the fifth. That he has never signed any power for
the alienation of his lands, and that he does not know
whether there is a copy of the document exhibited to him
m the archives of Saltillo; but that there cannot be, for he
repeats his statement that he has never given any such
power.
The sixth is omitted, because no such case has arisen as
the question refers to.
To the seventh. That he does not understand the ques-
tion.
To the eighth. That, a short time since, he gi anted a
power to Mr. Simon^VFiKsina. a resident of New Orleans,
to settle, in his name, this matter, conformably to the pow-
ers given to him ; that what he has stated is the tiuth, un-
der the obligation of ins oath, which he confiimsand latnies,
signing it with the judge, before me, as i attest.
ACuNA,
THOMAS DE LA VEGA.
Domingo V. Mejia, Notary Public.
In this deposition, La Vega swears that he
never signed any power of sale, though he did
sign a power authorizing Williams to locate his
jland; that he has always signed his name as
' Thomas dc la Vega, and never as Thomas Vega;
that he had lately granted a power to Simon Mus-
sina to settle, in his name, this land matter.
Next, as is the deposition of Castaneda:
On the same day (Xovembfr 21, 1855) appeared Mi.
Josd Co^-me de Castaneda benjie the judge, and ne hawng ■
taken the oath in due form of law winch is piescuhed tor !,
every one who appeals to tell the tiuth, accoidingto lus
knowledge; and liavnii: been interrogated on the cf!u;>aons ';
which coire-pond to and an' contained m the intern,jdio- jj
ries read to him. he t-aid m answei : I
To the first. Thatsn.ee tae year 1840 he has, in fact, jj
been the custodian of the a-cluves of the mojt honoraMu ij
council or tin* city, a« secretaire! the =aid houoiaUle bodv. ;
To the second. That he ha^ exam.nod the recotd;. and !
in fact has found a power gianted by Messrs. Jose Ma:ia ,|
de Aguirre, Raphael do Agui/i e, and Tnomas de la Vega to | j
Mi. fc?arnu<2l^lay William-, a resident <>1 the cty of Atis- ; i
tin, which (powei) :s legally aiKhenticnfed by Ue sccotid j.
regidoi of thu hoianabie coiiin:.!. who officiated as second i
alcalde. Don Juan <"Joi>7!dr-«. dated the 2itli of Apnh ICltl, ,
by winch the afosenamed Messis. Agunies and Vega cm- !,
power Wdham^ in then* name. f> take po^-*'s&ion of Unity- !
three tiacts or land, winch thy t-aid nppoaren? (grantor-) i.
! aerpnre'd by puichase fioai the sup.enie Governor of tlie ,,
J State, and to select tiie spot in winch the >uivoys of the:0 |'
J tiacts should he diawn. There is aNo another powei j.
j which the same centloman drew out h>jt th v 'am.' r«;n-
| dor and second alcaide, Don Juan Gourde--, d..t;id t!>e 5th i
i of May. 163:2, hy winch the said ^Villia:n~ is au:iioiiZL\l to ,
! proceed to the sale of the above-menhuned tracts ofland ; ^
j but this power wa^siixi.'d only b> the alcalde. Don Jnan ],
: Gonzales and Don Jo-e Mam de Agai.'iC:. and. not by Don ;
; Raphael de Aguirio or Don Tnor.us de 5a Vega, oi tlnj as- |
i sisting witnesses, wheiofore t'lG sa'd documentor..! b^olno j
etfect. That in venfieati m of ail that he has sialed, he
refers to the original documents which c.\bt in the aicn-
ivps under Ins ehaige. 1
To the thiul. That he is nnaVe to fn,onh the copies 1
asked for, because he has not due authonty to do so, hut 1 j
tha't if the .iudgc officiating should deem it indispensable
o giant authenticated copied, then locouiae should bo nad ^
to secure thnin to the pi«*sidont of toe honorable conncii.^ !•
That what he has stated u the truth, under the obli jation ot ;
Ins oath, wmch he coniums and ratine, aiiduig mat he is
an adult, fifty yeais of ago. a lesident of ihi< eitv, rod by :
profestion secietarv of the hoi>oiable council. Ana lie has
shmed this with the judae. before me, winch I attest. \
ACUNA, |
JOSE CO?ME DD CASTAX2DA. 1
Domingo V. Mejia, Notary Fvhlic.
\ Each of the foregoing depositions is certified by i
I the propel officer of Saltillo. The points in this
! last deposition are, that Castaneda has been the |
I custodian of the archives of the town council
| since 1840, and that he fiods in them a powcrby '
j the two Affuirres and La Vega, authorizing "\v ii-
J liams, in their name, to take possession of the ;
S thirty-three leagues of land they are entitled to, :
| executed before Gonzales. lie also says there is
i another power, which the same gentleman urcw ,
i out before Grouzales, dated May 5,1832, autiior- ■
, izing Williams to sell the land. Cut this power ,
| was signed only by the Regidor Gonzales and Don ;
Joso Maria de Aguirre, and not by Raphael de j
i Aguirre or Thomas de la Vega or the assisting :
! witnesses. He thus contradicts the dejDOsition of.
Hewitson. \
j Then we have the evidence of Juan Gonzales,
: an old Mexican, partially blind, whosb testimony :
j it cost League and his paitners, including judge (
I Watrous, nearly six thousand dollars to get from n
Saltillo, when, if it had been an honest transac-
tion, it ought not to have cost him-fifty dollars to
get it—contradicting La Vega, who was also an in-
terested, andhenceunreliable witness,and contra-
dicting Castaneda, the keeper of the archives, by
testifying that the power of sale to Williams had
been regularly executed before him by all three
of the parties to it. And he also contradicts Dr.
Hewitson, (page 626,) by turning up a live wit-
ness when it had become necessary to give five or
six thousand dollars for the testimony of the living
witness, more than two y^ars after Hewitson had
sworn he was dead. And remember that Hewit-
son is a citizen of the same town, and knew Gon-
zales's handwriting (and, of course, the man)
well. Hewitson also swears positively, in order
to make out a good case for the judge who was
to try his causes, that the body of the power of
attorney was in the handwriting of Gonzales.
But Gonzales, when he comes to life, swears that
the body of this instrument is not in his hand-
writing, and that he does not know who wrote it.
And John Treanor, on page 331 of the printed
evidence, swears that Hewitson and Gonzales had
an acquaintance of long standing, and were well
acquainted. This was in 1857. Does any one
want this witness Hewitson, on whose evidence
Spencer and ten other settlers were robbed, to be
better impeached than this? An honest man would
scorn to hold the fruits of such base perjury as
his. Will Judge Watrous, or any of his confed-
erates, disgorge their ill-gotten spoils? Surely
not, it this House will indorse him as an honest
man.
I have gone thus far with this power of attor-
ney; but here, what shall I do? I am notified by
my colleague that he, or some one'else, has-a
statement over the signature of General Stephen
P. Austin, which may be produced too late for
examination, and which states that this disputed
power of attorney is genuine. On yesterday I
asked to have it laid before the House for exam-
ination, as anything coming from his great name,
and, especially, if vouched for by his kinsman,
and the Representative of the very aggrieved and
wronged people who now appeal to this House
to put this judge on his trial before the Senate, must
have groat weight. Ts his name to be vouched here
to shield this man from the arm of justice? If
so, let us see the paper-, let us see what General
Austin says; let us see whether he saw the in-
strument executed, or on the records, or whether
he distinguishes between the power to take pos-
session and the power to sell. Let us know his
means of information and what he does say. _I
have no doubt my colleague states fairly his
understanding of this paper; but he will see the
danger to the cause of justice of withholding that
paper, if it is one winch should be presented.
1 will close what 1 have to say on this branch
of the subject by presenting to the House another
most impoitant piece of evidence in relation to
this power of attorney.
To the honorable Prolate Scnor Jucc dc Letras:
Thomas do la Vega, a ij«id<'nt of tin* city, now appears
befoie 'vou and ^ajs : that. i«  the archn es ot the illustrious
ayunrainiento of tins i'h'cv p'nst the pr.uocob of the public
act.- filed ia the v< ai it32. and tint unions these acts is a
pnw<_r of attorney he.uni^ date ."5th of May of said year,
w.hch. a'.t io 'si^iR'd t^y Don Juan Go:;zale>, who then
pertoinicU the olike of judge, is not > by me, the sup-
posed ciantor. la jUoiico to my nab"*, F pray that joifr
Innoi  :iail call at tlie arhi"e^ aforesaid, demand the said
piotocd. (or hie,) and opv.n the same at the place signed by
Don Ju in Gonzales.; that yuu shall c.tuhnn to appear lbrth-
v\ n.i in iuio vou, wnnont cvtmse ov pi eue.t whatsoever, and
in M.ur p-p.-er.ee iead a>\l examine the said power sup-
posed to have boon aiveil by mo to Samuel Slay Williams
to alienate ccrtam knid- that 1 poss^ed in Texas, and,
after a eaieful examination theieof. that he >hali state
whether Oi not it is sijned hy me. Aher ^neh I also pray
that \ o'l .-hall j:ivc n " an autaentical cemficatc tn this et-
fo^t: \\ hctlu'i
_>t\ er i-, <h not,s scned by me, and
v. befooi Don Juan Gonzales, had authority to perform the
same mom-1. \\ itnout l oni£ accompanied by a  ciib«i or^ com-
petent uii'a.r-.-uv. iviM, a.-- oiu laws roqune, should always
a--i^t the 'ud'v  'i nei ionnanceof all Insuhicial acts to give
them One*- and validity. A- these points here above stated
will be ireuned by mc a- testimon} m certain chums which
I uio^eeute in the Ciiitcd States, to prove file uulnty of the
ufceriam ijuis of mine, I pray lliat yua thai! grant mc
my pipvc,- at'ine, ueLvedng to ir.c t'w o;iiiiiU'.Ss of these
nroiedinn-i. Uiti.tljt rncienee thoredom, to be
iiiadc use of as wiil suit my mteruot. i demand justice
account to tiie iavv. TnoMAg nE LA VEQA.
fc?altillo,
September 1',
P \.vrtrLO. September 18, }8"3.
As praj'ed foi,l«M Don Juan Gonzales, Zertucho, i.e cue
and let tne demand eoutauiod n; Uu> p"tmon bu eomphi
