88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
question of impeachment there is a great deal
of doubt, uncertainty, and confusion. The Con-
stitution of the United States, which gives this
power of impeachment, specifies and provides
that civil officers of the Federal Government
may be impeached for treason, bribery, and^for
other high crimes and misdemeanors. What
are these other high crimes and misdemeanors ?
We know what treason is. It is defined in all
ourbooks. We understand what bribery means.
It also is defined, or ascertained and recognized,
by the common law. But what are these other
high ciimes and misdemeanors ? If the House is
called to pass upon Judge Watrous 5s conduct, and
to send this case up to the Senate of the United
States, it must be, not upon mere matters of taste
as to whether he hay acted with commendable
discretion in the discharge of his high duties, but
whether he has been guilty of treason, of bribery,
or of some high crime or misdemeanor. You
cannot undertake to implicate or convict him,
as I understand the Constitution and as I com-
prehend the extent of our duties about matters
of this-kind, for many of the reasons presented
in these memorials and in the views urged and
relied upon by the committee. It must be for
some official malpractice. Now, sir, you have no
statute pointing out what are these high crimes
and misdemeanors. You have, then, to look to the
common law, which is recognized in the Consti-
tution, for a definition of the expression " high
crimes and misdemeanors.5' Well, sir, I suppose
it must be some official misconduct. I confess to
"rou, sir, with all deference to tfee views enter-
ined by those who are pressing this matter—
the prosecutors and those who indorse the same
sentiments—that 1 have not .seen in any of the
testimony the satisfactory evidence of that sort
of official misconduct that would authorize me
here, in deciding upon tins case, to come to the
conclusion that this party has been guilty. I do
not believe in the doctrine advanced by the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Chapman,] a gentleman learned in the law, who
has examined this case, and who acquitted him-
self with gicat credit when lie addressed the
House yesterday. I do not believe in tin; grounds
which he maintained jn this case, that this House
has a clear constmition.ilright, merely upon prob-
able grounds, to send this case up to the Senate
of the United States in order to have the paity
formally tried. IVo, Sir; I apprehend that this
House must either, from an cx parte examination
or*by the taking of testimony to such extent as
it may please, be satisfied thai the paity is^inlty.
No probable ground, I apprehend, is sufficient.
1 confess i have not been able to deduce the
guilt of this-party fumi an examination of the tes-
timony. The judge may be peculiar, eccentiic,
absent-minded; lie may be remarkable in his lem-
peiarnent; he may be a very singular man; but I
aver that 1 discover nothing definite in the testi-
mony that convinces me that he hay been guilty
of official misconduct. So far as his judgments
have been examined by the highest court -m tiie
countiy—the Supreme Com t of the United Stales
—his decisions have been sustained, I believe.
Weil, sir, fiom the invt stigation whirh I have
made of the case, I say, m justice to the judge,
and ourselves, and all pjities, that if there aie any
clouds renting upon lus conduct by reason of ex-
traneous matters, they must be left to the whole-
some r.iiluencc of enlightened public opinion. We
cannot leach tins party except through the mode
prescribed by law. If we wish that our Govern-
ment shall move on with regulauty and order, m
all its machinery; if we go for lav/ and order, the
time lias come when we must stand by our forms
and modes of proceeding as they aie piescnbed
in the charter, it is not the time now to enter
upon a wild crusade to establish other forms and
modus. The ensi-3 lias come for this General Gov-
ernment, and for the State governments, m ail
their b gmmate action, to maintain firmly all the
safeguards and bulwarks ordained in their oigaiuc
laws.
If, sir, thrsHouse, for the reasons ar.d grounds
urged in this case, is to go into an examination
of the conduct of Fedeiai judges, whore is the
ternnmunm to be? The habits of a judge may
be unfortunate and notoriously bad ; but if, when
he sits upon the bench, clothed with the judicial
ermine, he uiichurge^ -11 his high duties without
fear or i\ pro, cm, cyi von no outside of that to
inquire into his personal charactcr or deport-
ment?
These are matters of taste—de gustibus nan dis-
putandvm—questions as to the discretion or in-
discretion of the parties. I have known instances,
as I doubt not other gentlemen have, of judges
whose general deportment could not be approved,
but against whom, when upon the bench in the
performance of their official duties, there could be
no fair cause of complaint. If clamor is to be
raised against a judge merely because his habits
of private business, or otherwise, are unfortunate
and do not chime with the prejudices and feel-
ings, or fashion it may be, of the time, there is
no telling where it will lead us. The signs of the
times admonish us to stand by the settled and
well-defined institutions of the country. We have
gone far enough in departure from the principles
and practices laid down by our forefathers, both
in the movements of the General and in the action
of the State Governments.
Why, sir, we may be resolved ultimately into a
mere Government ofking numbers, without check
orbalance;a consolidated empire, the absolute ma-
jority ruling and controlling according to its ca-
price or to its fancy. That is not the sort of
Government under which we live. We have a
confederacy under which your General Govern-
ment has only delegated powers. You have also
your State governments existing with all the re-
quired powers necessary to protect the citizen in
his life, liberty, and in his rights of property.
But if we have the principles lecognized and es-
tablished that an unorganized majority shall rule
absolutely, you have wR^ed a change in the sys-
tem practically which may be.subversive of all
well-regulated liberty. Thu|jj|p the progress of
events, you may arrive'at a point where it will
only be necessary, in any mode, to obtain the
numbers to change the fundamental law of the
land itself, thus subverting the whole character
of the Government under which we live.
I maintain, therefore, that it is important—per-
haps more so now than at any antecedent period
of our history—that we should stand firm m the
exercise only of the powers which have been
mamlestly delegated to us. That is the principle
which controls me in this connection.
Then I propose that nothing in the action of
this committee, nor in the evidence of the case
which 1 have seen, shall justify me m interpolat-
ing upon the Constitution and giving my vote for
preferring articles of impeachment against the ac-
cused, upon any such basis. I am not called upon
here to oxprtss an opinion upon the propriety of
the conduct of this man, (Judge Watrous;) I am
only required to find whether, from the weight of
evidence adduced, this mam has been guilty of
official misconduct*and malpractice. I am not
prepared to come to any such conclusion m con-
sonance with the powers which, in my judgment,
this House has the right to exercise. I cannot go
beyond prescribed power and settle this matter
accorduig.to my own mere opinion as a matter of
tancy or good taste. No, sir; I deny the power. I
controvcit the position taken by my distinguished
friend fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chapman.] I
contend that we have-no right to, and should not,
send this case up to the Senate of the United States
merely upon the impression that it ought to be
further examined, ft belongs to'us to make the
first examination; and it does not follow that be-
cause we may throw the responsibility upon the
Senate that we have no duty to perform here. We
must examine the case in this forum; and if we
transmit it to the Senate, we should do so from the
conviction upon our minds that he is guilty. If I
consent to the impeachment of Judge Watrous, I
ought necessarily to have formed the opinion that
he is criminal as alleged. He might not be pro-
nounced by the Senate guilty; but if I cast such
a vote my opinion would be, notwithstanding,
that he was guilty, upon the same state of facts.
[ insist that there is not sufficient evidence intro-
duced m this case to produce such a conviction
upon myuind;and, therefore, I am not prepared
to accuse the party before the Senate of the com-
mission of a high crime or misdemeanor.
It is true, that if we send it up there it requires
the concurrence uf two thirds of the members of
that body to convict. Wc are admonished that
this case has been pending here, in some shape
aV ether, for several years. I know there are
grea1, difficulties always in removing a judge
who has been appointed by the President of the
United States with the sanction of the Senate.
I am aware it is difficult, under any circum-
stances, to ejecf him from his offioe; but you
should not, for that reason, undertake to decide
against a judge unless the testimony bearing
against him is sufficient, to a rational mind, to
convict him of crime or misdemeanor. I there-
fore dissent entirely from the position taken by
my friend from Pennsylvania, that " probable
cause" is sufficient, without going-into a minute
.examination of the testimony to explore a wide
field and satisfy myself whether or not the con-
duct of Judge Watrous was, in every respect, dis-
creet. I am content, under the Constitution, to
say that there is no satisfactory evidence, to my
mind, that he has been guilty of any absolute
impropriety in the nature of a high crime or mis-
demeanor. Unfortunately for him, perhaps, al-
though I believe it was the only transaction of the
kind in his life, he was engaged in a large land
investment. He was interested in a land specu-
lation; and the parties who make the complaint
against him here were also, to some extent, in-
volved in the same subject-matter. He entered,
perhaps injudiciously, into a speculation m refer-
ence to land already partly occupied, and in re-
spect to which there would necessarily be*oppo-
sition raised upon the part of the persons in
possession if the attempt was made to displace
them. It maybe said that a judgo should not be
engaged in land speculations. I admit the pro-
priety of great prudence in such a case. But,
because Judge Watrous was led into this specu-
lation through the suggestion of his friends, or
possibly from his own disposition, that, per se, is
r>ot, in my judgment, an adequate cause for im-
peachment. I may say that it was a misfortune
under the circumstances; but I am not prepared
to affirm that, from the connection which he had
with that speculation, I should be justified in de-
nouncing him as a guilty judge.
Then, sir, I have said as much in this case as I
designed. I shall not go into the testimony. I
am not satisfied that Judge Watrous is guilty. I
do not pretend to say whether he is guilty abso-
lutely, or not; but I admonish gentlemen upon
this floor'to examine the case in all its bearings
and tendencies. Look to principles and usages,
in matters of this kind. Let us bring to our assist-
ance a full understanding of our duty, under the
provisions of the Constitution ofthe United States
providing for cases of impeachment. If it is the
sense of the House that the position taken by my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr Chapman] is the
correct one, and that the House may impeach
upon " probable ground," that is one thing. If
you take the position presented by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Ready,] that the House
cannot impeach without having come to the con-
clusion , from the evidence, that the party is guilty,
that is another thing. Assuming that the ground
laid down by my friend from Pennsylvania is ten-
able, that the House may impeach upon "proba-
ble ground,'' I averthat 1 am notprepared to say,
from the examination I have been able to give the
evidence adduced, that there is even "probable
ground" of guilt. Iam entirely convinced that
if this case is brought to the notice ofthe Senate
upon articles of impeachment, it will result, in
all probability, in a decision by the Senate that
Judge Watrous has been guilty of no official mis-
conduct. According to my apprehension, if sens
there, it would, so^ir as he was concerned, event-
ual e in his favor; but then, sir, wc have duties to
perform here, and I submit to the House that it
does not become us to put this case in further prog-
ress by sending it up'to the Senate for tiial, un-
less we have reasonable ground for believing that
he ought to be convicted.
I am therefore prepared to concur in the reso-
lution submitted by the learned gentleman from
Tennessee, that there is not sufficient ground for
impeachment. The resolution submitted by that
portion of the Committee on the Judiciary rep-
resented by my distinguished friend from Penn-
sylvania is in these words:
" Resolvtf3 That John C. Watrous, TTnited States district
judge for tlie district, of Texas, be impeached lor lug)) crimes
and misdemeanors."
Between those two resolutions, if they are the
only propositions upon which I am called to act,
I shall be prepared to concur, so far as my judg-
ment applies to this case, >n the resolution of that
