40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
referred to the case of Mussina; to which he de-
votes some pages of the very able and elaborate
report which he has presented to the House. I
feel it to be my duty to speak to both these cases,
unless my friend from Pennsylvania will relieve
me, by rising in his seat, and saying, that in his
judgment the Mussina case presents no fact!"
which would justify the House in sending Judge
Watrous to the Senate. If he can do this, he
will relieve me from an amount of physical labor,
which I really do not feel to-day well enough to
perform.
Mr. CHAPMAN. Mr. Speaker, the applica-4,; ciary, or the liberties of our people.
tion made by the gentleman from New York is a
jpost singular one. I am exceedingly surprised
at it, because I think he sat by me at the time I
delivered my remarks, and must have heard me
say that, for the want of time, I could not pro-
ceed to the consideration of the other branch of
the CiiSG •
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I did.
Mr. CHAPMAN. My hour had almost ex-
pired; and if I had gone into an investigation of
the case, I could not have done it any justice in
the limited time that remained to me. But I am
surprised that the gentleman should appeal to me
to abandon that portion of the case after the re-
port has been made, and my name has been at-
tached to it. Sir, I am not prepared to abandon
it; and i never will abandon it until that report is
pronounccd to be groundless by the Senate.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I acknowledge,
Mr. Speaker, that no living man, in my judg-
ment, has the capacity to make a person who is
not familiar with the testimony in this case, ac-
?uainted with its whole merits in a single hour.
heard the remark of the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania; but I thought from the lan-
guage of his report, and especially from a par-
ticular sentence in it, which I will now have read,
that he might possibly relieve me from (he phys-
ical labor of referring more particularly to the
facts in the Mussina case. That case comes first
in the order of time. It was the foundation of
the report of the Judiciary Committee of the hist
Congress—that report being unanimous in favor
of the impeachment. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania, in his report, has used the following lan-
guage, which he certainly will permit me to cite
upon him:
"But, whilst this is true, it is also due to the occasion for
us to observe, that whilst no one point in the piogrc^s of
the Cavazos case, to which inference ha* been made,-
would, perhaps, if standing by itself, be euilicient to con-
stitute positive misconduct m a judge, yet we are con-
strained to acknowledge that our conviction is dillerent
when we look at all these points, and embiaee them in a
fcinglo view.75
Thus, Mr. Speaker, the House will see that my
friends of the Judiciary Committee decide that
when you come to sift the Mussina case to the
bottom; when you come to bring each particular
point m the case under review; it "exhibits no
positive misconduct;" but when you come to
combine the points all together, they become
something else.
Now, I will say in respect of the Mussina case,
that there is no pretense made by any of the pros-
ecutors of Judge Watrous that he had one parti-
cle of interest in that case, or that he held any
relation to the parties that placed his judicial con-
duct under the slightest suspicion. Now, how
was the case presented to the committee? Why,
the record—a record amounting to nearly one
thousand pages—was thrown bodily into the Ju-
diciary Committee of the House, consisting, with
the exception of myfeelf, of able and distinguished
lawyers; and they were asked, without any par-
ticular specification of the grounds upon which it
was alleged that that judgment was erroneous, to
go over it, and, each applying his own familiar
knowledge of that particular system of jurispru- h
dencc in which h«; had been educated, to say that i]
this whs wrong, and that that was wrong, and j
that tire other thing was wton . Now, the ready
answer suggests itself, if that judgment was erro- j,
iieous, why was it n^t appealed from and reversed !|
on appeal > Sir, is it possible that an appeal lies |j
to the Ilouse of Representatives for the purpose
of the imprnehmentof a judge who 1ms rendered, !;
it ymi picas*-, .'-ii erroneous jud^-im-nt, but from'(
which the- panics to the record have not seen fit
io tnke an appeal5 ;j
I wiU say something more about that eas*. I j|
v.-ill take it up in its details, and show that if the !i
judge who decided that case can be impeached for
his action in it, there is not probably one single
member of the Federal judiciary who may not
to-morrow be sent to the Senate for trial; and of
any other judge it may be said, as well as it is said
of Judge Watrous, the Senate can do him justice,
the House have not time. Sir, if we have nyt
time to examine the case as it deserves, we can j
stay our handy; we can fail to exercisc this great
constitutional prerogative, unless we can do it
calmly, deliberately, and in such a mode as not
to endanger either the independence of the judi-
Mr. Speaker, it is to be borne in mind that the
practice of the civil law prevails in Texas. If I
am wrong in this expression, some gentleman <5f
more accurate knowledge upon the subject can
correct me.
Mr. REAGAN. It has not prevailed there
since 1837.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Well, it is pro-
bably immaterial. It prevails in Mexico. It is
immaterial, so far as the Mussina case is con-
cerned, whether it prevails in Texas or not, for
the proceeding; in that case is on the equity side of
the Supreme Court, and, therefore, under the rules
of the Supreme Court, is governed by the practice
of the English court of chancery.
yNow, sir, four of the members of the Judiciary
Committee came to the conclusion that Judge
Watrous ought to be impeached, because the
frame of the bill in chancery, in that case, was
wrong. My frierfd from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Chapman]—and no man m this House has more
of my personal respect, as well for the intelligence
which he ever brings to bear in the discharge of
his duties, as for the unswerving integrity which
I know directs his course—says that the form of 1
the case was wrong; that the court had not juris-;
diction, because the bill was not, in* technical '
phrase, a "bill of peace." I think it was in form a
" bill of peace,''arid that the ancient and well-es-
tablished practice of the court of chancery justifies
just such a bill. The case, sir, was this: Certain
citizens of Mexico impleaded in the Federal court
of Texas certain citizens of Texas. The plaintiffs
alleged a title to land in Texas, and they alleged
that the defendants had obtained certain document-
ary evidence of title to the lands under acts of the
Legislature or Congress of Texas, before her ad-
mission into the Union. The plaintiffs claimed
that their title Wfu subject to this cloud, and they
asked to have that cloud removed. Now, I ap-
peal to the lawyers of the House whether there
lias ever been any doubt of the jurisdiction of the
court of chancery to remove a cloud upon titles to
land ?
Mr. REAGAN. I will state, if my friend will
allow me, that the difference is that this was a
case to remove trespassers, and should have been
an action of ejectment, or, in Texas, of trespass,
to try title, instead of a chancery proceeding.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Sir, as a suit for,
partition, the bill could not, I think, be sustained;:
for such a bill appertains only to cases of tenancy j
in common. Asa bill to remove a cloud upon titles, |
I should unhesitatingly hold it good to-morrow, j
Asa bill for an injunction against the assertion of,
false claims of title, I think it comes within the !
acknowledged jurisdiction of the court of chan- [
eery. j
But it is said (and that is the strongest point in >
the Mussina case) that the court had not juris-'
diction of the parties. And why? Because, under ;
the Constitution of the United States and the judi- :
ciary act,an alien, or a citizen of Louisiana, for 'j
instance, cannot implead in the Federal court of ■]
Texas a citizen of Mexico. That is true, sir. j
Now, sir, I will admit that if I had presided j
upon the trial of that case, and had the point been '!
raised, I should have been inclined to hold that !
the question of jurisdiction was well taken. But [
the point was not properly raised, and the ques-![
tion of jurisdiction was given away. The answer ,'j
was confined to the merits. j>
Mr. REAGAN. With my friend's permission, i
I will call his attention to the two motions in the
case to dismiss for want of jurisdiction. jj
Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 observed those Ji
motions, but both of them came too late. I am j'
not without apprehension that the rights of the j]
defendants, in the Mussina case, were not prop- :j
erly cared for; but I deny that this is the tribunal j
to which an unsuccessful litigant can appeal for U
relief who has lost his case either because of the
want of merits or from the want of professional
abilijfcyith^which his case may havsf been de-
fendCT^ Sir, the point of jurisdiction may have
been raised, but if so, it was raised too late. It
was raised after answer on the merits. I will give
my friends on the other side the benefit of the
admission that the point was suggested; but I
think that it was too late after an answer on the
merits, without the suggestion of the defect of
parties in the pleadings or the proofs, to raise a
question going solely to the jurisdiction of the
court.over the persons of the parties.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Will the gen-
tleman from New York allow me?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. My friend knows
perfectly well that I have not the time to spare,
even to him. I would give him the whole of my
hour if he was on the right side of the case.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Then I will, on
the proper occasion, notice the assertion of the
gentleman, and will show him that he is in error.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. In respect of the
order of the court, referred to by my friend from
Texas, touching the citizenship of the persons
made defendants, I will say that I understand that
order to have been made by consent of parties;
and it is important to note that in the bill, in the
shape which it finally took, all the parties de-
fendants were alleged to be citizens of the State
of Texas, and, therefore, the objection as to ju-
risdiction did not arise on the face of the bill.
But, notwithstanding the allegation that the de-
fendants were citizens of the State of Texas, Mr.
Mussina did not, in his answer, set up his citi-
zenship in Louisianaas a bar to the jurisdiction,
if the fact of such citizenship rendered the juris-
diction of the court defective. My friend from
Texas [Mr. Reagan] has presented an argument
in respect to ceitam incidental rulings of Judge
Watrous, especially those relative to the admis-
sibility of witnesses. It is my impression that
there are more than one or two errors apparent in
that record. It is my impression that Judge Wat-
rous did decide erroneously upon one or two nice
questions of law which arose in respect to the ad-
missibility of witnesses; but is he the first judge
who has committed an error in a case which my
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Ready] has well de-
scribed as one where the interlocutory motions
rise in number to seventy-five, and the points
suggested were almost countless?
I differ from Judge Watrous in his decisions
upon some of these points. He expressed opin-
ions upon certain propositions which opinions
cannot, I think, be maintained; but it is enough
for me to say, that if the proper exceptions had *
been taken, and an appeal had, the judgment, if
erroneous, would have been reversed.
Now, sir, every man upon this floor knows that
among the nice questions presented for the con-
sideration of courts and lawyers, are those touch-
ing the competency of witnesses. The lines of
dcmarkation are very close between that kind of
interest, or in respect of that kind of interest which
absolutely disqualifies, and that other kind which
goes solely to credibility. In some of the States
this distinction no longer exists, because the com-
mon law has been modified, and the interest of
the witness no longer disqualifies. In very many
of the States the parties themselves can testify
in their own behalf; and, strange as it may seem,
the House of Representatives of the United States
is asked to impeach a judge because he decided, if
you please erioneously, upon a question as to the
competency of a Witness when the parties them-
selves had notconfidence enough or energy enough
to carry their exceptions to the Supreme Court of
the United States.
But, Mr. Speaker, I must not dwell upon the
Mussina case. But I will refer for a moment to
the allegation that the judge has obstructed Mus-
sina in his effort to take an appeal. The facts are
these: the case was decided on the 15th of Janu-
ary, 1852. Mussina wuiunl nearly five years, or
until the 10th of January, 1857. Thenhiscounsel
comes into court, and, without previous notice to
the adverse party, applies to the judge to fix the
penalty of the appeal bond. The judge replies,
" wait until the opposite counsel is m court."
The opposite counsel was at the time engaged in
another court, if I mistake not, in the same city.
But the counsel who was thus directed to take
that appeal never sought that other counsel, or
