1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
informed himofthejudge's suggestion. He never |
renews hij|ipp1tcatton; but by his non-action per- !
mits the jtitige to fall into something which, but j
for the respectability of the gentleman who had
the matter in charge, would seem to be a trap set
for the judge's destruction. Siryit is my duty,
upon the presentation of sijch facts«s those which
were presented to our committee in respect to the
alleged effort to perfect that appeal, to denounce j
the seeming effort to place the court in a position ;
which, from the evidence, I do not think the court i
intended to assume. My friend from Pennsyl- j
vania [Mr. Chapman] has not expressed the opin-!
ion that the application to the judge in relation to j
the appeal was made with sufficient diligence. 1 !
do not understand the committee, in their report i
in favor of the impeachment, to lay stress upon j
the alleged misconduct of the judge touching the j
appeal. , i
Mr. Speaker, I will remark that .T«dge Watrous j
is not the general guardian of the litigants before j
him. The care of their cases must be left to them- j
selves, in accordance with the usage and practice
of his court. They must employ counsel coaipe- j
tentto protect their rights, and to raise exceptions
and take appeals in time. Mr. Speaker, I appeal
to my friend, the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, who is to follow me, to
state to this House Ins opinion, whether Judge
Watrous's decision on the merits of that case
was or was not in consonance with the principles
of natural justice, and international law?
I have looked into the case, and so far as I can
judge, the great point which was raised upon the
merits,and which you are to discover through the
wilderness of the case, was decided right, and in
accordance with tiie truth and justice of the case.
Such, at all events, is the impression upon my
mind. But that question is not before the House.
I now pass to the Spencer case, which presents
other difficulties. In respect to that case 1 must
acknowledge that my mind was unfavorably im-
pressed upon my earlier investigation. I was ap-
prehensive that Judge Watrous had done wrong,
and was even fearful that his motives might have
been impure'. I therefore pursued him through \[
the whole career of that unfortunate scheme of ii
land speculation, from his early association with
it to the end; and, sir, he comes out, in my judg-
ment, unstained with judicial crime.
Now, sir, what is.the allegation? The charge
is, if I understand it, that Judge Watrous entered ji
upon a speculation in lands, the effect of which ;j
was to do a wrong to a citizen of Texas, because n
the result followed that the citizen of Alabama, |j
who was associated with Judge Watrous in the i|
ownership of the land, acquired the right to h
bring his suit in tiie Federal court of Texas, and >
the judge's interest disqualifying himself, subse- ^
quently"worked the removal of the case to the j!
Federal court m Louisiana, where it was finally !|
tried. Now, sir, this is, I believe, a fair state- ^
ment of the charge. This is the whole case as ^
presented upon The other side. I say that no ;j
wrong has been done, and if I have time enough '<
I think I can prove it. ■ |
Air. REAGAN. Will the gentleman allow me t
to interrupt him for amoment,just at this point? i
Mr. CLAUIv, of New York. I really have not ,i
the time to spare. I propose to speak upon the il
merits of this case until tiie expiration of my !,
hour.
Mr. Speaker, I lay down the propo-Uion that ;
no legal wrong can follow to one man tiom jiie >
asseiuon of a legal right by another. I affirm ;
that if you, in the exercise of your legal rights, ;
do what the law permits you to do, I cannot com- ,■
plain of any wrong flowing to me therefrom, be
the consequences what they may. !j
Apply this principle to the judge'scase. ladmit
that Judge Watrous has been guilty of indiscre- \
tion. He was indiscreet m embarking in the spec-, j
illation; ixwd had he not unlortiui&tely yielded y
to the temptation, he would not now be seen, in ^
hiso-ray hairs,wanderingaboutthisCapitol,seek- :j
ing to defend himself from this charge. It is true j>
that lie has been indiscreet. It is said that he was |
poor. That may be the cause of his misfortunes, p
It is not to be denied that one of chielest oi tae ,
blessings which attend the possession of wealth
is,that°t renders it unnecessary lor its possessor
to yield to the ordinary temptations whicti beset ,j
men in the pathway of life. But, sir, he had the ji
light to outer into that speculation. He liau the l>
legal right; and so long as a judge of one of the
Federal courts is compelled to drag his life along
upon an insufficient salary, I am not willing, in a
case of impeachment, at any rate, to lay down
the rule that the judge is debarred from a parti-
cipation in those enterprises which sometimes
make men rich, provided he contravenes no pos-
itive law, and provided he conducts himselfin
such a manner as to keep his ermine clear and
pure.
Mr. Speaker, I regret the circumstance. I should
rejoice if the whole Federal judiciary were ele-
vated a whole atmosphere above the cares and
temptations of life. I honor England for what
she has done to render her judiciary elevated and
independent. Her just and generous policy in
that behalf constitutes, in my judgment, the
brightest jewel in England's crown.
But, sir, what did judge Watrous do? While
quietly pursuing the even tenor of judicial life, he
was approached by one Thomas M. League, who
suggested the purchase, upon speculation, of some
forty or fifty thousand acres of land on the Bra-
zos river. The judge listened and fell into the
speculation. He bad the right to take the hazard.
No law prohibited him, although it was indis-
creet for a judge in a new country, in a frontier
country, to enter into speculations in land where
titles, all in dispute, and lapped one upon an-
other, covered the land, and known conflicting
clalfcs rendered future litigations almost inevi-
table.
It was indiscreet in Judge Watrous to hazard
his reputation, by permitting his judicial robes to
be dragged through the mire of a land specula-
tion. But 1 repeat, he had the legal right. Bear
in mind that the charges against Judge Watrous
in the Mussina case relate to his official action m
the case, and that the charges in the memorial of
Spencer relate to his persona! conduct outside
the case. It is not pretended by any one that
Judge Watrous ever sat upon the trial of any suit,
in the event of which he had a legal interest. 1
assert this much without fear of contradiction;
and I assert it mindful of the case of Ufford vs.
Dykes, in respect to which 1 will speak hereafter.
I will simply say, now, that his act of presiding
upon that trial was an act of indiscretion rather
than of crime. Asa matter of good taste lie had
better have avoided it; but I am not satisfied that
ho intended wrong.
When the speculation I have referred to was
thus suggested to Judge Watrous, who had not
the means of his own wherewith to make the pur-
chase, he suggested that his friends in Alabama
would probably advance the necessary funds. «
Now, I ask the attention of such members of
the House as are disposed to permit me to im-
press upon them, if I can, the views which have
impressed me so strongly in respect to the great
question of the guilt or innocence of Judge Wat-
rous, while 1 review the subsequent action of
the judge in the matter of this unfortunate spec-
ulation. If Judge Watrous were my fatiier, I
would say to him that he might go to the Senate
safely, and I might perhaps advise him to solicit
an impeachment; but Judge Watrous must decide
for himself. 1 will not consent to withhold the
exercise of the power which the Constitution has
conferred upon us, as our prerogative, to determ-
ine whether the Senate shall ccase from its ordi-
nary avocations, and as a court of impeachments
judicially try Judge Watrous upon charges^vhich
we must first find to be sufficiently grave. _ -
Now, follow Judge Watrous m the path of this
speculation,and tell me what wrong he has done
(When you have overlooked Ins acts of indiscre-
tion) in descending from his high place and min-
gling in a transaction for the purpose of providing
against the winter of his life. Mr. Lapsley ad-
vanced the money and took the legal title. It was
an ordinary investiture of the legal title in the man
who advanced the money. That is an every-day
occurrence. Mr. Lapsll-y, a citizen of Alabama,
thus acquired a legal tille to these lands. He had
the right to direct where the suits should be
brought. The Constitution of the United Slates
opened tho doors of the Federal court of Texas
to him. He had the right to invoke thejurisdiction
of that court for the purpose of determining the
validity of his title against the citizens of Texas.
And here, Mr. Speaker, let me, m my place on
this floor, express my gratitude that the fathers
of the Constitution provided a tribunal that can
exercise its jurisdiction beyond the reach of the
prejudices, or of the clamor of the people of a State,
or of the Legislature of a State. When Mr. Laps-
ley acquired the title to these lands, they were,
for the most part, unoccupied. Some portions of
them were in the possession of parties who ac-
knowledged the superior title that Lapsley had
acquired. But Spencer, the litigant in this case,
claimed under an adverse title. Spencer was a
resident of the State of Texas; and if he had seen
fit he could have brought his action in the Fed-
era! court against Lapsley, a citizcn of Alabama.
All will concede at.
Why, then, had not John W. Lansley, a citi-
zen of Alabama, a right to implead the party who
claimed possession of this land, by title adversS
to his own, in the Federal court of Texas? No
one will deny that; and when mytfriends on the
Judiciary Committee murmur against it they mur-
mur against the Constitution of the TJnited States.
When they murmur because this cause was after-
wards removed from Texas to New Orleans, be-
cause the judge had an interest which disqualified
him, they murmur against the judiciary act of
1789. And I assert that every wrong in this case,
to anybody, follows directly, and not indirectly,
from the Constitution of the United States, which,
for wise and beneficent" purposes, authorized the
creation of a tribunal where the citizens of every
other State could go, and where the power of tho
Federal Union would, if necessary, be exercised
to see that neither the Legislature, nor the courts,
nor the people of any State, trampled upon theii^
rights of person or of property.
Mr. Speaker, the allegations against Judge Wat-
rous in respect to this case are several. One is,
that by his becoming a partner in the purchase of
these lands, Mr. Spencer lost the right of a trial
of his case, in the'Fcdeial court, before ajury of
the vicinage. Now, the answer to that is, there
is no such right. The answer to jt is? that the
man who holds property m a State, or in tho Fed-
eralUnion, holds it subject to the system of juris-
prudence which that State, or that Federal Union,
shall prescribe. He takes it cum oneie. He takes
it with the disabilities which attach; and one of
these disabilities in the case of Mr. Spencer was,
that when Mr. Lapsley, of Alabama, became pro-
prietor of the land and claimed adversely to him,
Mr. Lapsley had the right to drag him, against
his interest and without his consent, to the Fed-
eral court, and there try him before a judge who
held his appointment, not by any miserable elec-
tion of the people, not by any election by the mem-
bers of the Legislature, but under a commission
from the capital of the nation. Ah, but say my
friends, if the judge had not had the interest, this
would not have happened. Sir, it might have
^happened if you or 1 had been interested with Mr
Lapsley in that purchase, instead of the judge.
The same result might have followed.
Rut, say my friends, if the judge had not had
an interest, he could have tried the case. That
disability of the judge resulted from the purchase
of the land; and 'that brings you right back to tho
great question, "can a judge puichase land?" be-
cause, if he doPS, he is disqualified from trying a
case involving the title to it. Ah, but, they say, he
did not disclose his interest. That is nobody's
! business. Did he try the case ? No; he dm not.
> He had the right to keep the. secret so long as he
kept his hands off the cause. It was a question
cf taste to whom ho should disclose his private
business. Ah, but, say they, the case came up in
his court, and he then did not disclose his interest.
1 say he did. I say, as a matter of fact, that he did.
The" witnesses say so. The recoid of the court
says so. 1 Will ask to have that record read; and
it will appear from it that before anything had
been done in these cases, before tho judge had ex-
erased one iota of his judicial power, there was
written on that record, and there it remains in
lines too indelible to be effaced, even by tuo ar-
guments of the able chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, who is to follow me, too indelible to
be erased, so long as the records cf t ic f ederal
and which rendered a transfer of them necessary.
I say the record shows it.
I say that in each of tho Lapsley cases,beiore
they were transfuncd to Louisiana for trial, the
1; judge announced lus interest, and that the fact
