1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
officer of the United States for thus acting in a
foreign port, would encounter a public indignation ]
before which the greatest popularity would sink,
and the persecuted officer rise to a consideration
higher than otherwise he could attain. There is
no dread, then, of future consequences to restrain
our officers' of the Navy in such cases. I have
110 fear that they will ever prove derelict to such
a duty.
The experience of the delays at Havana, which
has been urged as a reason for granting this pow-
er, was most forcibly presented as an argument
by the late Secretary of State, Mr. Marcy, for
changing the relations which the Captain General
bore to the consul of the United States, to make
the Captain General as responsible as he was
powerful, to authorize the consul to have diplo-
matic intercourse with him,and the United States
then to look to the Captain General, invested as he
is with extraordinary powers, as the person who
■was to be held accountable when the rights of the
United States were violated. That is a remedy
which does not involve the granting of plenary
powers to the President, but to correct an existing
evil makes the individual responsible who has the
power to violate the rights of a citizen of the United
States, either resident or trading with the port of
Havana.
But the Senator from Maine referred to the con-
dition of things in Central and Southern America,
and attributed the decline of the influence of the
United States to the mal-administration of our
Government. I dissent entirely from the position
of the Senator. I think the result which he at-
tributes to mal-administration, unless it include a
policy which no Executive had the power to con-
trol, cannot be ascribed to any one department
of the Government, unless it be the legislative.
Look to the appropriations you have made, and
the laws you have enacted for your great inter-
oceanic line of communication; look to your trans-
atlantic mail, where large sums are annually paid
to keep up the correspondence with Europe; then
to the lines which Great Britain has sustained with
Central and Southern America, keeping a regular
communication with every one of the important
ports, and leaving the United States to maintain
their correspondence by the circuitous route of the
British ports. This policy or conduct affords a
sufficient reason for the decline of our commerce
and for the decline of our political influence within
those States. Had some portion of that money
which has been given—I will not say squandered,
though such is my belief—in rivalry between the
United States and other countries as to which
should supply the fastest passenger steam vessels,
been expended in the maintenance of mail lines
to Central and Southern America, our influence
would constantly have advanced, instead of de-
clining. It would have brought toour ports acom-
merce which would have paid three-fold the ex-
penditure, instead of remaining a standing charge
to the end of time, as in other cases.
I cannot consent to admit that the Government
of my country has, at any time within its history,
so administered its'affhirs and relations with its
weak neighbors as to give just ground of com-
plaint. 1 think we have been tolerant to the last
extreme, patient, persuasive, only contemplating
or resorting to force after an amount of outrage
which would have driven any monarchical Gov-
ernment to hostilities at a long anterior period.
We have been involved in war with one; we have
sent a hostile expedition against another. What
the result of it will be it is useless to inquire,
because it is unconnected with the present ques-
tion. To wait until we hear what is the result of
the expedition to Paraguay before we decide to
maintain the security of mail routes across the
Isthmus and to confer such powers as maybe
needful, would seem to me as if we should pro-
pose to wait for some other event equally un-
connected with the one upon which we are now
invited to legislate. To confer on the President
the power, under certain contingencies, to land
troops for the protection of post routes which wc
have established under conventions with foreign
Powers, and to require him, as soon as the neces-
sity is removed, to withdraw those troops from
the land, neither constitutes the general provision
indicated by the Senator from Illinois, nor that
military occupation described by the Senator from
North Carolina. If that be all which the Presi-
dent desires, if that will suffice to execute the duty
which is devolved on him of protecting American
citizens in those localities, so much I am willing
to give.
Thus I construe the substitute offered by the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.] If he
designed it to be general, to give the President a
roving commission to seek where some American
citizen had been insulted, or his rights trampled
upon, and, knight-errant-like, there to wage war
with every Power so offending, we had better put
our Army on a war establishment, and our Navy
too. Our policy henceforth must be that of a mili-
tary Republic.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is this: whether we
have any power, or can properly confer power,
upon the President to land troops in a foreign
country to protect our citizens, or mail routes, or
anything of that sort which we have by permis-
sion, unless by treaty that nation has specifically
given up that power? Can we undertake to do
it unless we have the right given by treaty ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly. I understand the ques-
tion. If the right be given by treaty, then it would
only be for Congress to provide the means. I
mean no such tiling as that. I mean an act of
war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what I wish to
understand.
Mr. DAVIS. I consider it an act which Con-
gress alone has constitutional authority to per-
form, and therefore it is, I say, Congress must
indicate the special occasion, the time and the
manner. I am not playing upon terms, or seeking
to escape from the fact which stands prominently
before the mind of every one, that the remedy
proposed looks to the invasion of a foreign terri-
tory. To invade with an armed force is war. The
measure, limited by special act, may be tempo-
rary; it may be for a single object; but it is war,
and I have no wish to defend it upon any other
ground; therefore it is, I say, we must know and
provide for the case in which it is proper to an-
ticipate the contingency which will require the
battle to be fought; but the case must be before
us in, order that we may consistently legislate
upon it.
Mr. GREEN obtained the floor.
Mr. PUGH. Let us adjourn.
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope the Senator will
give way for an adjournment.
Mr. GREEN. I was just about to say that if
it be the desire of the Senate to adjourn, I will
yield to it; but I regard this as an important ques-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot finish it this
evening.
Mr. PUGH. We ought to take up the bill of
the Senator from Louisiana; otherwise, this will
not be the unfinished business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This motion is the un-
finished business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Missouri with-
draw the motion to adjourn?
Mr. GREEN. I have made no motion. I am
now debating the question.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. GREEN. I have not yielded the floor to
the Senator from Vermont, and did not intend to
yield it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I thought the Senator de-
sired an adjournment.
Mr. GREEN. If it is the desire of the Senate,
I will give way for an adjournment.
Mr. COLLAMER. How can we have an
adjournment, unless some one makes the mo-
tion ?
Mr. GREEN. I want some expression of the
sentiment of the Senate on the subject. What-
ever they think is best, I will agree to.
; Several Members. Let us adjourn,
j Mr. GREEN. Well, it is five o'clock; and I
| will give way for that motion.
: Mr. FESSENDEN. Make the motion your-
self.
j Mr. GREEN. If the Senate wish to adjourn
j I will yield; but I will not make the motion. Be-
| fore I do it, I wish to make this remark: I regard
i this as one of the most important questions that
! has ever been before the Senate, and it ought to
be considered. It is vital in its character. It
strikes to the very heartstrings of the Republic;
and our rights and duties depend upon the decis-
ion we make. For that reason it ought to be con-
sidered. If the Senate be not ready to consider
it this evening, I will yield to a motion to ad-
journ.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. SLIDELL. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, I now move to take up for
consideration the resolution that I introduced two
days since, providing for evening sessions. It has
now become manifest, perfectly plain, that the
business of this Congress cannot be disposed of
under the present system of conducting business.
It will be absolutely necessary for us, during all
of the next week, to sit in the evenings, and I ask
that that resolution shall now be taken up and
considered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
defer that until we have a full Senate. The Sen-
ate is not full now.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator will permit me,
I will say this. The resolution which I offered
applied to Wednesday and to-day. It will have
no vitality in it if not taken up to-day. My object
this afternoon is simply to propose an amend-
ment. I will not ask for the consideration of it,
so that it may be in order to-morrow morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By permission
of the Senate, the Senator moves to take up the
following resolution 
Mr. MASON. I understand that the question
before the Senate is on the motion of the Senator
from Louisiana to postpone all other business,
with a view to take up the resolution which he
indicates.
Mr. SLIDELL.' But in the meanwhile 
Mr. MASON. I object to its consideration.
Mr. SLIDELL. Why not permit me to make
an amendment to the resolution ?
Mr. MASON. I object to the consideration of
the resolution.
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well. I do not know
that the objection of the Senator from Virginia,
unsupported by the majority of the Senate, can
prevent me from having the resolution consid-
ered.
Mr. MASON. As a question of order, it re-
quires unanimous consent to consider it, and I
object.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not understand that it
requires unanimous consent. The resolution has
been on the table for two days.
Mr. MASON. That may be; but there is a
motion pending.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I ask my colleague to
withdraw his motion for the present.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If I do that, I am afraid
my colleague will get me in a fix, and I shall not be
able to take it up again. I would rather have a
vote on taking up my bill; and after it is up, then
we can take a vote on his resolution.
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well.
Mr. GREEN. I yielded the floor for the pur-
pose of accommodating Senators, and for no other
purpose.
Mr. SEWARD. Is a motion to adjourn in
order ?
Mr. GREEN. It cannot be made without my
consent, as 1 am upon the floor, and about to
make some remarks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GREEN. I am willing, however, to per-
mit a motion to adjourn to be made.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well; then I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS--Messis. Be!!, Broderiek, Chandler, C!ark,Clay,
Chngman, L'olUuner, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessen-
den, Fitzpatnck, Foot, Gicen, Ilanllm, Harlan, Houston,
Johnson of Tenness-ee, Kins, Mason, Pearee, tievvard,
Toombs, Wade, Watd, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Brown, Davis, Fitch, Lane, Polk,
Pugh,lteid, Rice, Slidell, and Hnnth—1!.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
