1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
had the rightful control over any litigation which
might arise out of this speculation. He had the
title in himself. He was the only party who had
any capital invested, and he preferred the Fed-
eral courts. Now, I pray you, Mr. Speaker, why
should he not prefer the Federal courts ? He
could not, probably, try that case in the courts
of the State of -Texas without having upon the
jury jurors who held titles under precisely sim-
ilar grants and who were interested in the ques-
tion which was to be submitted to them for their
decision. He could not go to the county in which
the land was located to summon a jury from the
vicinage without having jurors who were directly
interested in the question oil which they were to '
decide.
But that was not all. He had to meet this same
case which was made in the Mussina case. It
was claimed that these Mexican grants were all
void, because, by the revolution which secured
Texan independence, these grants were confis-
cated, struck down, made worthless, and that the
Texan government was not bound to recognize
them as valid. Now, in the litigation of such a
question as that, was it strange that Mr. Lapsley
thp Fpileral e.nuvts to those of Texas?
preferred the Federal courts to those of Texas ?
Yet, it is apparent to my mind, and satisfactorily
so, that Judge Watrous was, in good faith, will-
ing to trust the Texan judiciary. He desired the
prosecution of the suits in the State courts. He
wrote to Mr. Lapsley, and Judge Hughes wrote
to Mr. Lapsley urging the institution of the suits
in the State courts. Judge Hughes, too, was will-
ing to trust the Texan judiciary. Mr. Lapsley,
however, being himself a lawyer, and being a
citizen of Alabama, and understanding all these
questions, himself the party, who had the right to
control the suits, preferred, and I think wisely, to
have them tried in the Federal courts. In all this |
I confess that I find no official corruption, no of- |
ficial misconduct. I do not And even any impru- j
aence oranyindiscretiori. What right had Judge j
■\Yatrous to suppose that Texas was forever to j
remain without the limits of any judicial circuit :
of the Unfted States courts ? If we had done our
duty, \ve would have made Texas a part of one
of the judicial circuits of the United States; and '
then Judge Campbell, or some other judge, might
have had the case tried before him. It is because
Texas is deprived of a constitutional right to which
she is entitled, that these difficulties have arisen.
They are owing to our neglect, and are not to be
ascribed to any fault of Judge Watrous. i
I pray gentlemen to consider the question ;
calmly. Is there any official misconduct here? Is j
there any imputation of the official integrity of 1
Judge Watrous ? Is th(?re anything he has done
in Ins official capacity for which we should con- ;
demn him ? I take it that there is not. As a citi-
zen, ho has embarked m a private, individual j
speculation, from which he hoped to make some i
money. Be it right or wrong, are we to call into ;
questiotf the private dealings and the moral con- j
duct of judges of the Federal courts, and make
them matter of impeachment? That is a pretty ;
grave question. If you can go outside of the ot- •
licial and judicial conduct of a judge of a Federal j
court, and make his private lousiness matters sub- 1
jects of impeachment—inquire whether he has
dealt honestly among his neighbors, and whether
ho has been guilty of anything not inconsistent :
with sound morals, then you would open a pretty
wide door. Some of the judges may drink brandy
fre£%, and would you impeach them for that ?
This brief statement of what I understand to
be the undisputed facts of this case, satisfies my
mind that this prosecution has originated alto-
gether m local prejudice and in disappointed cu-
pidity- I am satisfied that this whole thing has
taken its rise from the malice of Mussina, who
was disappointed in the speculation m which he
had engaged, and who failed by Judge VV atrous s
decision-in the suit which lie had institutes! in the
Fed oral court—a decision, by the way, which has
been since confirmed by the Supreme Court of the
United States. Impeach Judge Watrous . 1 do
not think that there is anything in it. I do not
think that we ought to cast a cloud or any impu-
tation whatever upon the character of Judge
Watrous, by voting an impeachment m this
CAMr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I do
not propose to argue this case at any length,
really rise more for the purpose of calling the at-
tention of gentlemen who are in favor of impeach- i
ment to those points on which my own judgment !
will turn, with a view that when they come to j
argue the case on Monday next they may, if they :
see fit, direct their arguments to these points. The j
first ground upon which it is proposed, as well as :
I can understand the report of the majority of the
committee, to impeach Judge Watrous is, that he j
entered into an arrangement with League and j
Lapsley to acquire an interest in a large body of j
land in Texas, with a view to obtain the removal j
of that cause from Texas to New Orleans ih order j
that they might escape the trial of the cause by a j
Texan jury. The case has not yet been argued
on any hypothesis which comes up to that state-j
ment. . \
It has been argued very generally as if all that ,
were necessary to appear was, that Judge Wat- ;
rous had acquired an interest in the property, and, ;
.after he had acquired an interest, that he had i
arranged with his confederates that the suit or ;
suits should be removed. What I desire to call
the attention of my friends to, is this: that that is
not the question. I suppose that Judge Watrous ;
was at perfect liberty to purchase a piece of land i
in Texas, in connection with any person that he j
might see fit, provided there were no corruption i
in the purchase itself, and that the title was vest-
ed in him, or that he had an equitable title.
He had exactly the same right that any other
citizen, of Texas had to vest the legal title in a{iy ,
person, in order to bring the suit in any court in
which theigtW would authorise any other person \
to bring it. In other words, it was no more ille- '
gal or improper in Judge Watrous—having ac- ;
quired an honest and equitable interest in this
property with Mr. League—to arrange that the
legal title should be vested in a citizen of Ala- ,
bama, than it would have been for Mr. League or |
Mr. Lapsley, or anybody else, to have done so. '
Certainly, nobody can say that, after an interest
has been acquired in property, it" the law does not |
forbid the vesting of the legal title in one partner
rattler than in all, and if the convenience of the
rty
requii^i that there should be one person in
whose narmr to sue, rather than in the names
part
WIlUBc name    . ,
of all, it was illegal to vest the legal title so that
the parties should have a choice of forums in (
which to bring the suit. And yet it is to that
exact state of facts that all the arguments here in
favor of the impeachment on that ground have
gone. The report proposing the impeachment
does not even suggest that Judge Watrous in-
tended to conceal his interest, and to try trie case
himself in his own court. Oil the contrary, the
gravamen of this report is, that he intended to
prevent a Texan jury from trying it, and that for
that purpose he determined to have the trial re-
moved out of Texas.
If, then, the case does not go beyond that, I take
it there is not a shadow of ground for impeach-
ment; because, on the hypothesis that the judge
had the right to acquire a title to property, then
he had the"same right that every private individ-
ual has, to transfer the legal title to any one who
would have the right to bring suits in the t ederal
court If, then, gentlemen who are in favor of his
impeachment on that ground expect a vote m fa-
vor of it, at least from me, they will have to go
further and to add this material element to the
case: that League, having made the purchase him-
self, Slid fearing to trust his title to the decision
of a Texan jury, even before Judge Watrous
he having no interest in it—conspired not merely
in his own mind and for his own purposes, but
conspired with- Judge Watrous, informing Judge
Watrous of his intention to vest in him a por-
tion of the interest m order that, and with the
knowledge of Judge Watrous, it should have the
effect of disqualifying Judge Watrous tor trying
the case, and in this way getting it outof lexas,
for otherwise it could not have been got fromoe-
foreaTexan jury. If gentlemen can show, to
rnv satisfaction, that any negotiations passed be-
tween Judge Watrous and League, snowing that
not merely League intended to accomplish tins
purpo.se—because I am convinced in my own
I mind that League did mean to accomplish it, and
.1 that that was the reason he offered Judge Wat-
I rous an interest in the land, virtually tor nothing
;| __but that he informed Watrous of his intention,
!| and that Watrous, knowing it, conspired with
! him so to vest an interest in himself that he could
| not try the case and so lemove it,to Louisiana,
where otherwise it could not, under existing law,
have been carried, then I will be ready to say
that Judge ^atrous was guilty of an illegal pros-
titution of his judicial functions and of his judir
cial position to ojist his own court of jurisdiction
and to prevent the people of Texas of the right,
through their juries, to try their own land cases;
and in my judgment he ought to be impeached.
But unless they go to the extent of showing that
Judge Watrous was informed of that plan and
made that arrangement, and that he took an in-
terest in the title with a view to accomplish that
purpose, then they do not come within sight of
showing ground for impeachment, unless, indeed,'
they first show that a judge of the United States
has no right to purchase any piece of land in the
State where he sits as judge.
There is one other point to which I wish to
call the attention of those gentlemen who are in
favor of impeachment. If they mean to say that
Judge Watrous has been engaged largely in spec-
ulation, and that that is unbecoming on the part
of a judge, I may be very willing to admit that.
But if they desire to make speculation in land
ground for an impeachment, then I take it they
must show some connection between his specula-
tions and some tendency in those speculations to
prevent him from exercising his judicial functions*
or tending to break down and discredit his posi-
tion as a judge in the eyes of the community.
To illustrate, Mr. Speaker: if, for instance, they
show that Judge Watrous was in the habit of
making contracts with persons who were litigants
before'his court, and that these contracts were
uniformly of a one-sided and very beneficial char-
acter to himself, I think that a scries of transac-
tions of that "kind would lay a fair foundation to
impcach him. That would be so near to corrup-
tion, would so tend directly to discredit a judge in
the eyes of the community, would create so much
doubt and distrust in the minds of suitors in his
court, that the moral force ofhis judgments would
be utterly destroyed. It would necessarily tend
to brf^ak down the influence of his court, and
would affect his own mind in deciding cases in
favor of the parties with whom he was speculat-
ing. But before they could raise even that to
the dignity of a ground of impeachment, they
would have to show, not one case, but a series of
cases. They would have to show, not merely
bargains which would be greatly to the benefit of
the°judge, but they would have to show this to
be continuous, during at least a series of years,
covering at least a series of cases, so that there
should be not merely one contract with a suitor
in his court, but a series of contracts with suitors
in his court, tending to affect the general course
of business, the general confidence in the judici-
ary, and the -general balance of the judge's mind.
If there be any evidence to that point lie ought
to be impeached. If the judge made^ it his habit
to go around among gentlemen having suits on
his docket, and to say to one " I want to buy a
piece of property from you at a very small price
and another, " I want you to lend me a sum oi
money;" and to another the same thing; every-
body sees that the suitor to whom such applica-
tion is made is put in the most awkward of con-
ceivable predicaments; and a judge who has a
habit of that kind would notJscape, in my mind,
the fair, and in my judgment the legal, presump-
tion that these acts were done with corrupt intent;
that they tended directly to corrupt, and that they
were inconsistent with the fairness and evenness
!i of the judicial mind. So far as 1 understand this
1 case, there is no evidence to show that League
I was a suitor m Judge Watrous's court at the time
I of this arrangement. There is no proof that the
. person with whom he made this arrangement to
1 buy the silver mine in Mexico was a suitor in
I his court. And it is not pretended that there was
: any other case of speculation proved. It there
was any other evidence on that point I tiust tae
' o-entlemen who are in favor of an impeachment
: will, in this voluminous mass of testimony, point
it out, so that I may have an opportunity of
voting intelligently on these points. _
As"to the case of Mussina: to attempt to im-
■ peach a judge where there is no imputation of
corruption, no suggestion even of prejudice, no
■: previous relation between the parties, no expect-
i „t;on of reward,because he has decided a question
'' of lav/ against or in favor of a party, whether ins
i| decision^be wrong or be right, is, in my judgment,
