44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
to destroy and not io aid the administration of
justice. This is, then, an attempt to impeach a
judge tor mere error of judgfnent. But error is
to be corrected by appeal, not by impeachment.
Were the error clear, error is not criminal. But it
is not even certain there is any error on the question
of jurisdiction, which is chiefly relied on. The
suit was merely the ordinary case of a bill to quiet
ti title, and to have the-instrument, clouding the
title, suirendered and canceled. It seems sanc-
tioned by the case of Tcrrettand Taylor, adjudged
by the Supreme Court. The bill certainly prays
for the cancellation of the instrument clouding the
title,and thatiscertaijilyacommon topic of equity
jurisdiction; and if it be suggested that error may
be so gross as to prove corruption or incompe-
tency, it is quite certain that no error is gross
enough for that purpose, about the existence of
which the Judiciary Committee are equally di-
vided.
As to the matter of the order to attach the par-
tics for violating the injunction, why, sir, if the
injunction existed, whatever might be the opinion
of the court ultimately as to its jurisdiction, what-
ever might be the ultimate result of the judgment
of the court, there can be no sort of doubt that as
long as the injunction stood, the party, by bring-
ing suit, did make himself hable, under the ordi-
nary practicc of the court, to attachment; and the
party was rightly attached for a violation of it.
Mr. REAGAN. I desirc-to ask the gentleman
from Maryland, if he knows that the record pre-
sents the fact, that the suit in Louisiana was
brought before the decree was rendeied in the
Oavazos case, and that the judge was issuing an
attachment against this man for prosecutinga suit
winch was in existence before the decree was ren-
dered ?
Mr. DAVIS) of Maryland. I take it, that it is
the evcry-day practice, that half the orders for in-
junctions made by any court aie to stop pio-
ceedings in esses already instituted.
Mr. REAGAN. Let me present another view
to the gentleman right there. Do I understand
him to assert that if a proceeding is in existence
in a State court, the Federal court in another
State, after that jurisdiction has attached, can stop
the jurisdiction of a sovereign State?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It does not pre-
tend to operate upon the court. It operates upon
the party. It says to him,41 I lay you by the heels
if you move m the State court." It does not say
to the court you shall not proceed; because I take
it, the court only proceeds upon the motion of a
party foi a violation of injunction.
But, Mr.Speaker, be the conduct of Judge Wat-
rous right or wrong, it is a question of law, and
not of corruption, if gentlemen will go on and
show that the judge was paid for njakin^ the
order, or expected to gain by it, or was actuated
by malice, then they will bring him within the
category of impeachment. But so long as they
only show a case merely resting upon a question
of law; that the court merely made an erroneous
judgment; they do not lay the first foundationon
which a question of impeachment can arise.
The only other giouud that I undeistand to be
piuy^estud is the chargc by implication that Judge
Watrous attempted to set up a forged power of
attorney in his own case, and conspired with
Hughes to hush up all question in regard to that
power of attorney m another case, in order that the
fact of its being disputed might not get out. Now,
if the gentlemen mean to make that a ground of
impeachment against Judge Watrous, they have
to bring homo to him not only a suspicion, but
affirmative proof that he knew that instrument
was a forgery—not that other persons said it was,
not that it was disputed, not that-it was a mat-
ter of doubt, not that it was a matter of contro-
versy; but that he knew that it was a forgery,
and was attempting to use an instrument that he
knew to be foiged, in order to secure a title to
himself—conduct disgraceful and unworthy of a
judge, and for which I would vote to impeach
him. But the gentlemen who urge this charge
must show the fact of the forgery, and m such a
way as would convict a man under indictment
for forgery: and they must also show that Judge
Watrous knew it to be a forgery, so that there
shall be no doubt or uncertainty upon those
points
These, sir, are the points on which, in my
judgment, this case turns; and I have taken the
liberty of calling the attention of gentlemen who
are to follow me to them, in order that they may,
if they see proper, direct their arguments to
them.
Mr. RITCHIE. I shall not occupy the atten-
tion of the House for more than a minute or two.
I simply wish to state the point upon which I
find a difficulty in voting for the impeachment,
and it is this: it is perfectly evident to me that
League, who was a speculator in Texas lands,
did not go to Judge Watrous and offer him a
share in the speculation out of any charitable
motives towards him. I believe that his design
was this: he did not wish to have his case tried
before a Texan jury, and there was but one mode
in the world by which he could get his case away
from a Texan jury. If he brought his suit in a
Texas court, it would of course be tried by a
jury of Texans. If he brought it in the circuit
court of the United States, it would still be tried
by a jury of Texans. There was then but one
process m the world by which he could get his
case out of Texas, and that was by interesting
the judge of the United States court of Texas in
it. There was no other process by which it
could be done. I believe that, with a full knowl-
edge and understanding of that fact, he went to
see Judge Watrous. He desired to have Judge
Watrous m the case as a party interested; so that
he could not try j t, as that would compel a trans-
fer of the.case to the State of Louisiana. He
did, by getting Judge Watrous interested In the
case, accomplish tlrat purpose. ^
Now, the only question remaining^with me—
and I confess my mind is not made up upon it—
is, whether Judge Watrous, at the time the prop-
osition was made to him by League, was aware
of League's intention; and, with the understand-
ing of that intention, took h'ls -share in the land
without any other payment for it than the service
to be rendered by moving the case out of Texas >
If he did, I would vote to impeach him. If he
did not, I would not vote to impeach him. I con-
fess that my mind is not yet clear upon that sub-
ject. I have stated the point in order to cal^the
attention of the House to it, because iftelieve that
it is the whole point in the case. I believe that
League went to Judge Watrous for that very pur-
pose; and I believe that if the judge of the United
States court took an interest in the case, without
giving any pecuniary consideration for it, with
the intention that it should be moved out of Texas,
and with the understanding that he should have
one fourth of the land involved, in consideration
of the use that would thus be made of his official
position, he ought to be impeached; and, if not,
ho ought not to be.
Mr. W ASUBURNE, of Illinois. IIow is that
consistent with his subsequent conduct, which
shows that he desired all along to have the case
tried in the State of Texas3
Mr. RITCHIE. I have merelystated the point.
My mind is not made up on the question of fact.
I do not intend to argue the pomtat all. I simply
desired to call the attention of the House to it. I
am not at all certain yet how I shall vote upon
this question. My present impression is, that my
vote will be lecorded against the impeachment,
and not for it; but it is on this point, in my opin-
ion, that the whole case turns.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I should like
to ask the honorable gentleman—assuming that
Judge Watrous had a right to become interested
j in the land—whether any legal hardship neces-
1 "sariiy resulted to Spencer, because the tribunal
that disposed of the case was one foreign to the
people of Texas ?
Mr. RITCHIE. I will say, in answer to the
gentleman fiom New York, that I believe that no
judge is at liberty to give the advantage of his po-
sition as compensation in return for property or
for a pecuniary consideration. If he did that, I
wouid impeach him. I believe he had the right
to buy into it, bona fide,, and pay his own money
for it; but he had no right to sell the advantage of
the position which the office of judge gives him,
for a consideration.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I wouldgo further,
and say that he had no right to lend the machinery
of his court to advance the purposes of his indi-
vidual speculations.
On motion of Air. JOHN COCHRANE, (at
twenty-live minutes past tbreeo'clock,p. m.,) the
House adjourned to Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 13, 1858. ,
Prayer by Rev. P. D. Gvrley, D. D.
Hon. Judah P. Benjamin, of Louisiana, and
Hon. Wiluam K. Sebastian, of Arkansas, ap-
peared in their seats to-day.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
STANDING COMMITTEES,
The Senate, pursuant to an order made on Fri-
day last, proceeded to the election of the standing
committees for the present session. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The business first in order is
the election of the several standing committees,
and under the rule "the Senate will proceed by
ballot, severally to appoint the chairman of each
committee,''unless that rule be dispensed with.
Mr. SEWARD. I apprehend—I speak only
for myself—that it will be satis factory to the whole
Senate if the names that have been proposed shall
be submitted to the Senate, and a division called
upon the adoption of the list en massey so as to
dispense with the ballot. If there be no objection,
I move to dispense with the rule requiring a ballot.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can only
be done by unanimous consent of the Senate.
[" Agreed!" "Agreed!"] The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. KING. Can we have a separate vote as
to the Committee on Territories? With that ex-
ception, I shall interpose no* objection, but I am
opposed to the organization of that committee.
Mr. SEWARD. My colleague perhaps did not
understand me. We do not intend to commit
ourselves to the support of these nominations, but
to dispense with the ballot. I propose to take
each committee by itself, and on that to call for a
division.
Mr. HALE. Take them all together.
Mr. M A SON. Allow me to interpose a moment.
I do not exactly understand what would be the
practical working of the proposition of the Sen-
ator from New Yoi^. Do I understand him to say
that we should vote upon each committee separ-
ately, on an idea of his that objection* may be
made to some of thcmfbecause if that is the sug-
gestion I do not see how we could properly elect
a committee.
Mr. SEWARD. What I understand from the
Senators around me is, that they are willing to
dispense with the rule requiring a vote by ballot;
then let the nominations be made in the aggregate
for all the committees, and we shall be at liberty
to vote for or against the aggregate; but if any
gentleman chooses to separate any committee,
there may be a separate vote on that committee.
I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first com-
mittee m order is the Committee on Fotcigri Re-
lations. The Clerk will read the names which
are proposed to constitute that committr%
Mr. HALE. The proposition of the honorable
Senator from New York, as I understood it, is
that we vote on all the committees atonce;.but if
any one wants a particular committee excepted,
he mav indicate it.
Thc'PRESIDING'OFFICER. The Chair will
regard that as the sense of the Senate, unless ob-
jected to.
Mr. KING. I have no objection to that. I
am opposed to th"m all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the £Ph-
ate require the names of the chairmen and persons
composing the several committees to be read?
["No!" "No!"}
Mr. BROWN arfd Mr. SEWARD. Every-
body knows what they are.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New York.
Mr. KING. I want the yeas and nays on the
motion I wish to record my vote against them.
Mr. ALLEN. What is the question ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the Chair to state
the question before us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is to vote on all the committees except the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. KING. I am content to withdraw the call
for a division, as I shall vote against them all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, shall the vote- be taken on all the committees
at oncc ?
