1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1127
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to strike out all of!
this $100,000, except one dollar. I
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order, j
The committee has inserted a fixed sum, and it ;
cannot be increased or reduced. |
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I move to strike out!
the whole sum. i
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the ;
amendment out of order, the committee having
fixed the sum.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I move to atnend-by
striking out the three months' extra pay for non-
commissioned officers.
I wish to say, Mr. Chairman, that I am op-
posed to this whole idea of protecting our frontiers
by the Army of the United States. I believe the
whole policy ought to be changed. I believe that
■we ought to allow the settler to go there and
make him a home; to give him the land, and then
tell him he must protect his home, and if he gets
into any quarrel with the Indians, itis at his own
peril. It is my honest belief that our soldiers
create more wars than they prevent or quell, and
Mr. BLISS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Bcffinton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-j
ed—ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected. ;
Mr. COMINS. I move to amend the para- j
graph by striking out the words " non-coftimis- j
sioned officers," in the eighth line. i
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques- j
tion of order. My point of order is this: the
gentleman from Ohio moved to strike out the en-
tire clause. It was in order for the committee to
perfect that clause before the vote was taken on
striking out. The amendment of the gentleman
from IVlassachusetts would have been in order
prior to the vote being taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The Chair rules that it is still in order to perfect
the paragraph.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. After a motion
to strike out the whole clause has been decided
persons accused of violating the law. I claim
that that is an illegal use'of the Army, and, be;
cause it is so  I am opposed to any further recruit-
ing for it.. _ .
It is not long since, Mr. Chairman, that I reatj
an account of an old neighbor of mine who WaS
arrested upon the plains of Kansas upon a sham
charge—acknowledged by every lawyer in this
House to be.a sham'charge—of treason, and m
poor health, driven on foot by the United States
soldiers for twelve hours, under a burning sun,
until reason left its throne ana he became a tem-
porary maniac. Bail was refused, and he was
kept for a long time, with others, in close custody,
guarded by these United States soldiers. After
a hearing, he was, of course, discharged, as it
was well known he had committed no crime. No
wonder that his father, old John Brown, of Osa-
wattomie, by this infamous act of our troops, by
the destruction of his property, and by the cold
murder of another son, was driven to desperation.
There are other acts, sir, in our history which
plainly show that it is the design of the ruling
power in this country to bring on gradually, but
surely, a military despotism. A military posse is
nothing else than such despotism, and opens the
door for more glaring abuses. Itis for this reason
that I oppose the recruiting for the Army. Here
is an instance in the District of Columbia.
Not
that the very fact that there are soldiers on the adversely?
frontier leads to quarrels between the Indians and ■! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks so.
settlers, and to injustice towards the Indians. ;i Mr. COMINS. Mr. Chairman, I agree em-
Often wars are got up on purpose to have the : phatically with my honorable friend from North
Army ordered to the out-posts, in order to raise i Carolina, [Mr. Branch,] who addressed the com-
♦ hp nricp of town lots and of provisions. That . i ruittee yesterday, that the rank and file of the : .. - > ,
is tlfe use to which our Army is put, as I am ! Army should be somewhat in proportion to the ;j long since, when a "Ot^was ^
credibly informed, and as I honestly believe. !; number of officers in commission. I find in one :
They make a little settlement at one point, and |j of the States an army composed entirely of offi- ;
petition for a garrison to protect them against the f cers—an army without privates. I do not wish ■
incursions of the Indians. After they have built i! to see the national Government follow this ex- ;
up that town, another speculator goes a hundred ! ample. I think it anti-Republican and anti-Dem-
miles beyond, and makes a town site, and says'
' We want a garrison of soldiers here, and if we
do not have a garrison, we shall have a war." If
they do not get a garrison there, they make a
war, in order that the solders may be ordered
there, and a town built up.
I protest against this use of the Army. That
was the main use of the army which was ordered
to Utah. I made the remark here a year ago,
when the deficiency bill was up for consideration,
and when we heard an Alpine ululation all through
the Hall, careering through the galleries, about the
rascalities of the Mormons, and that they should
be exterminated; that they were not fit to live be-
cause they preferred white concubines, while in
other parts of the country the concubinage of the
blacks \$ks preferred. But as soon as the ten mil-
lion deficiency bill passed, all this outcry ceased;
and there has not been a word uttered on the floor
of the House since about the rascalities of the
Mormons—not a word. I appeal to the members
of the House if that is not the fact. Soldiers were
oidered out to Utah. "VVe paid $10,000,000 for
that service; and one firm made §1,500,000, and
now generously proposes to give up the contract,
if we pay for all the old wagons and oxen. I
want to hit the Army between the horns, to cut
it down to a skeleton, and hang it.up, so that it
may affoid a model for the study of comparative
anatomy of an army. All we need of an army
is the engineer department.
I hope the amendment will pass; and that the
Army may be cut down. We do not need it to j
protect the frontiers; and, as a matter of fact, it |
is inefficient for that purpose. j
And now a single word in answer to the gen- j
tic mo n from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] who read |
UK a lesson about nationality, about helping the !
maj'uity to pass their appropriation bills, and
saying "that the responsibility was not oil that
side of the House.
Mr..PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Oh, yes. ,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman s ;■ deciees of the
remarks are not in order. They must be confined
to the explanation of Ins amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes; the spirit of order is
always called up from the vasty deep, the very
moment the harpoon touches the blubber. [Laugh-
ter.] ,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I oppose the
amendment for the purpose of having a vote upon
it 1 want no speeches. I desire, however, to
state that I shall call on the Chair to enforce the
ocratic. I ask the Clerk to read the paragraph
which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The Yictisburg Whig (Mississippi) gives the following
iiiventoiv of the aims belonging to the State, discovered to
he on hand: 4 flint-lock muskets—all rusty, and no breeches
to at least two; 1 cannon; 7 bayonets—rusty, with no
points. A pile of belts and scabbards, but no svvoids ; 50
caiti idcc-box^s.
The Wbi" adds: We have now 5 major generals, 11)
brigadier generals, and 60 colonels, 60 lieutenant colonels,
60 majors, and will soon have 600 captains. 1,200 lieuten-
ants, 4.800 sergeant:*, and 4,800 corporals. We are happy
to mfoimthPin, however, that we have no privates, the Le-
gislature having dispensed with that useless portion of the
aimy."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If we have not
got arms in our arsenals, we havegot them in the
hands of our citizens; and are ready, whenever an
invasion comes, either from any northern State
of this Union, or from a foreign Power, to defend
ourselves against whatever army they can send
against us. And we are ready to defend ourselves
without arms against any force the northern States
could send against us with arms.
Mr. COMINS. I do not doubt the patriotism
of Mississippi, or her ability to defend herself in
any emergency.
The amendment of Mr. Comins was rejected.
Mr. BLISS. I move to strike out the words
"for the expenses of recruiting." I make the
motion for the purpose of calling the attention of
the committee to the singular use that the Army
of the United States is beingput to. Now,I think
that, for the ordinary purposes for which armies
are used in the Old World, we need no army.
We have no United States,, soldiers in Ohio, nor
along the whole length of our northern frontier,
where alone there can be any danger whatever :
from any foreign Power.
We then need an army for only two purposes
 the one is as a posse, and the other is to protect
the Indian frontier. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Lovejoy] has said enough upon the latter
But the Army of the United States has
been used as a pottc to execute^ the proeess and
:s of the courts of the United States; and I
claim that that is not a legal use of the military
instead of resorting to the ordinary means to
quell it the Army of the United States was called
in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I make the point that the gentle-
man's remarks are not pertinent to the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman's remarks are in order. They are per-
tinent to the general subject under debate, though
probably not immediately in order.
Mr. BLISS. I oppose the increase of the Army
for this illegal use which' is made of it. I am
clearly in order. This matter was ably discussed
in the last Congress. I only allude to it. There
was, I admit, a riot, or an appearance of one.
Where were the police, a part of which we sup-
port? Were all measures tried? Were we in
insurrection? No; but in hot haste the troops
were called out, and ordered, Napoleon-like, to
shoot indiscriminately into a crowd, by which
fourteen men lost their lives. I have yet to learn
a lawyer who will stake his reputation in defense
of the legality and propriety of that act. So long
as the executive power of this country is in the
present hands, I will oppose the addition to the
Army of a single soldier.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
" For pay ofthe Army, 33,091,784."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
add these words to that paragraph:
And a sufficient portion of this sum shall be used by the
Secretary of War to prevent trespasses on the military res-
ervations of the United States.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The amendment is not germane to
the matter under consideration. It is independent
legislation.
The CHAIRMAN.
question of order.
| Mr. CRAWFORD. I raise the point that it
i is general legislation, and that it is,therefoie,out
1 °'Mr* WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
The Chair overrules the
Mr. Loyejo\ 's amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Stanton s mo- ;j
tion to strike out the whole clause.
point. But tne Ann, ^ ™ ' 5e>^al 'legisfation. It refers to the manner in
execute j _ , , t ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ lherefore>
j in order. c
j Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask for the decision ot
I the Chair. .
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
! point of order.   .
I Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
I man, I wish to say that I offer the amendment in
I good' faith, believing it to be in order, as the Chair
i has decided it to be. I hope that the amendment
| will be incorporated into this bill. It is known
... .j . „„„„„ ,i.. practice i' that we have many military reservations of great
Tcet, sir, within ic . j, ^ so'ldiers of the Ij value, but their value is being destroyed by fre-
has grown up nmppss of the courts H quent trespasses upon them. I wish particularly
l; arm of the country. A posse comitatus is simply
1 the force of the county; it is comprised of the
;| people of the county, who are called by the sherill
1 to help him to execute the process of the court,
ji I thank God that the common law was born, and
its mam principles developed, in England before
H there was any standing army; and the term posse,
!' &c., has received a special and legal meaning, and
l' is merely a citizen force, and not a military one
