46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
lions with each other, have unfortunately concluded a
treaty which they understand in senses directly'opposite,
the wisest course is to abrogate such a treaty by mutual con-
sent. and Jo commence anew. Had this been done promptly,
all difficulties jn Central America would most probably ere
this have been adjusted to the satisfaction of both parties.
The time spent in discussing the meaning of the Clayton
and 13uhver treaty would have been devoted to this praise-
worthy purpose, and the task would have been the more
easily accomplished because the interest of the two coun-
tries in Central America is identical, being confined to se-
curing safe transits over all the routes actoss the Isthmus.*'
" Whilst entertaining these sentiments, I shall neverthe-
less not refuse to eontnbute to any reasonable adjustment
of the Oential American questions which is not practically
inconsistent with the American interpretation of the treaty.
Oveiturcs for this purpose have been recently made by the
liiitisb Government in a friendly spuit, wliicb I cordially
reciprocate ; but whether this icnewed effort will result in
success I am not yet prepared to express an opinion. A
bncf petiod will deteunine."
And uhoiea-5, the President in his message of December
0,1858, stated that:
"f am truly sorry T cannot also inform you thatthecom-
phcations between Great Britain and the United States,
unsung out of the Clayton and liulwer treaty of April, 1850,
liavc been finally adjusted.
"At the commencement of your last session, I had rea-
son tr> hope that, emancipating themselves from furihci un-
availing discussions, the two Governments would proceed
to settle the Central Ariwncan questions in a pi aetical man-
ner, alike honorable and sati&faetoiy to both ; and this hope
I have not yet abandoned. In my last annual menage, I
stated that overtures had been made by the British Gov-
ernment for thirf puxpose, in a tnendly spirit, winch I.cor-
dially reciprocated. Their proposal was to withdiavv thes>e
questions from dnect negotiations between the two Gov-
ernments ; but to accomplish the same object by a negotia-
tion between the Bnti-b Government and each of theO'en-
tral American Republics who*o terutonal lnteres^oic
immediately involved. The settlement was to be made in
accordance" with the general tenor of the interpretation
placed upon the Clayton and IStilwcr tteaty by the United
States, with ceitain modifications. As negotiations are
still pending upon this bans, it would not he proper for me
now to comimiuieate their present condition. A final set-
tlement ot' the^p question? i>- gieatly to be desired, as this
Would wipe out the J«M remaining subject of dispute be-
tween the two countnes."
And whereas, the Claj ton-BuIwer tieafy contains stipu-
lation^ which are in direct hostility to the cheushcd pohey
and future welfaie of the United Plates; stipulations cal-
culated to operate advei-elv to the independent action of
tine Republic in the lino of duty, which it may become im-
peiative on n to adopt, in lecui.itmg and contiolhng the
alT-ui'.-oi me Cential American States, and consequently,
the abro«r.\tn)ii of the *aid tie.itv i* demanded alike by the
lionoi and inteiestsuof the Union: Therelbie,
Ilesolvc-l, That tlie {'resident be requested to communi-
cate to the Semite, il not, in Ins opinion, incompatible with
the public mteiest, any coinvpondcnee which may have
pawd, -iiiee his mauauiation, between tin** Government
and that ol Gieat ilutain. and between tins Government
nnd that of NK-.u.igna, nub ic^pect to the termination or
pieseivalion of the I'layton-Buhver tieaty,
If Senators will indulge me for a few minutes,
I should like to offer a reason or two why I think
some action ought to take place immediately with
reference to these questions. The American pub-
lie is very sensitive m relation to the proceedings
in Central America; and we have had within the
last few days some remarkable information from
that quarter.
We were told, Mr. President, in the annual
message of the Executive, that England had aban-
doned the right of search, and I thought we had
obtained a great triumph of some sort on the ques-
tion of the light to search and visit our ships. It
turns out, however, if the newspaper statements
are to bo rehod upon—and there seems to be no
doubt about the fact—that Great Britain has not
only boarded our ships, but that she has exam-
ined the list of men on board, to ascertain who
they were, whether American born or not, and
whether they had arms. Now, it will be recol-
lected that when those proceedings were taking
place in the Gulf, last spring, which attracted so
much ..mention, the allegation of Great Britain
was not that she had a right £o search our ships,
but that she h$d a right to visit a vessel to ascer-
tain its nationality, to ascertain whether it was
really an American ship, end if it was, then she
would let us alone; but she thought our Hag was
liable to be abused, and to prevent that was her
sole purpose. That was the point in controversy;
and t supposed from the President's message that
she had abandoned that. It turns out now, how-
ever, that her officers £0 on board a ship, well
knowing it to be an Amcncan ship, not raising
any pretense of that sort, and then examine the
list of passengers, and make mquiiies about them.
At the time of the war of 1810 they went on board
our ships to take off their own men; they have
now gone a step further; they want to ascertain
whether Americans on board have arms or not. Is
not this a veiy extraordinary proceeding?
The great difficulty in the way of righting these
wrongs is the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. By the
terms of that treaty the United States is bound
never to occupy, colonize, or fortify any part of
Central America. We have abided by that treaty,
and Great Britain has not. That treaty is a very
extraordinary one. It is the application to us
of the Monroe doctrine, by Great Britain. The
Monroe doctrine was a declaration upon our part
that European Governments should not colonize
America; butGreat Britain savs to us " you shall
not colonize Central America. They have turned
the tables completely upon us. By this" treaty
they have actually got the United States to agree'
never to colonize, or fortify, or occupy any part
of Central America. "Whiiewe are talking about
1 the Monroe doctrine and felicitating ourselves on
| the progress it has made, Great Britain has actu-
I ally applied it to ourselves.
] 1 have quoted in this resolution the language of
I the President, at the last session, upon this sub-
i ject. As I then understood it, and as the whole
; country understood it, it was supposed that he
| ardently desired the abrogation of that treaty;
I but if it could not be abrogated, as a choice of
t evils, he would acquiesce in some settlemen t which
j was not inconsistent with the American view.
, But from the tone of the present message it would
| seem, I think, that the idea of abrogating the
| treaty has been abandoned by our Executive. I
j desire to give the Executive, if that be the fact,
; an opportunity of stating the reasons for this
i change to the country. I think the country ought
1 to know them.
| But there is an especial reason, Mr. President,
' why I desire this subject to have an early consid-
| eration. It is not easy to determine precisely
j what the President means in his second message,
; but I take it that it is something like this: that
i this treaty is to stand upon the American con-
struction, which excludes us, of course, forever
; from that country; but that Great Britain is? to go
, in and make separate treaties with these States.
| Now, what sort of treaties are they to be? I ask
i gentlemen what sort of treaties is Great Britain
I likely to make? Sir William Gore Ouseley has
i gone down there. Will he take care of our in-
. terests? It is said that " straws show which way
I the wind blows;" and I was amused three or four
! days ago to see an elaborate article in the Wash-
! ington Union—by whom written I do not know,
j but that paper is sometimes, at least, supposed to
I reflect the views of the Administration—the pur-
j port of which, as i understood it, was that Great
•' Britain is the only free country except our own,
! and that she is standing up for freedom and will
! protect our rights against threatened danger from
! the French Executive. It is said that Napoleon
, is despotic and menaces us with injuries, but that
; Great Britain will kindly take us utyler her pro-
; tection; and I suppose Sir William Gore Ouseley
1 has gone down there to make treaties for our joint
J advantage ! What sort of treaties will ke make r
I The newspapers say that they are to be bottomed
! upon- the model of the Cass-Yrissari treaty. I
; do not know that that programme for a treaty has
! ever been promulgated by our Executive. 1 read
it in manuscript at the hist session; I then read it
confidentially, and I have no right to speak of it;
j but there was published in the American papers
j during the spring and summer what purported to
i be a copy of it, and I have the right to allude to
! that, because I see that some of the British papers
| have represented Sir William Gore Ouseley as
! making similar arrangements.
i There were two features in that treaty to which
! I had decided objections. The first was that under
| it and upon the construction placed upon it by
I Yrissari, who made twer publications, gave two
1 notices in the papers, which I commented on as
i a member of the other House, the right to go to
| Nicaragua, or to pass through it might be limited
j to those who went upon a particular line from
! New York, and who had permits from the con-
| sul. I was opposed to that. I thought that Bos-
i ton, Philadelphia, Charleston, and New Orleans
' had a right to establish lines, and that American
; citizens liad a right to go on them to Nicaragua,
; and to pass through it. I made some objections
in the other llousu to this feature.
; But there was another feature which was still
! more objectionable in my judgment. It was this:
! According to that programme of a treaty, the Uni-
| ted States had the right to protect the transit route
fby the landing of troops, &c. There was another
clause, perhaps the fifteenth or sixteenth article,
by which the United States bound itself to use its
influence to induce other foreign Governments to
make a similar guarantee of protection and neu-
trality to the routes. What is the meaning of
that? We bind ourselves to induce Great Britain,
for example, and France, to*guaranty the neu-
trality and the safety of those routed. If they do
it, of course it is not to be a naked guarantee with-
out a right to carry it out. If they bind them-
selves to keep those routes in a ccrtain condition,
they have a right, of course, to use the means
necessary for that pufpose; and what means will
they use ? Most unquestionably they will have
the right to use exactly the same means that the
treaty allows us to use: that is, they may occupy
with troops; and, therefore, I regard this as a
treaty for the joint occupation of those countries
by the United States, France, England, and all
other nations who propose to come in.
Senators will see in a moment that this was
much more objectionable to us, or ought to have
been, than even the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. Tiiat
was an agreem^t that we would noWake posses-
sion of Central America, and that nobody else
should; but whenever«you provide frhat we and all
others may have the right to take possession and
hold it, does any one doubt that Great Britain will
keep a larger force there than usual, or that per-
haps France will do so, because they have vastly
larger arrives and naval establishments than we
have ? I regard that as a proposition for a joint
protectorate of those countries. It is said in the
papers that Sir William Gore Ouseley will go down
there and negotiate treaties. Suppose he adopts
this policy: what will be the effect ? Great Britain
will get the right to station her troops on that line,
and she will hold it. Thenys no doubtabout that*
Then, how are we to get rid of her? Are wc to
stand still now and allow this treaty to be in force
against us forever, according, as I interpret the
President's message, to the American construc-
tion, which excludes us; and are we to permit Great
Britain to go into Central America and make what
treaties she pleases to protect her interests? Are
we to stand with our arms folded until all this is
done? If so, then, I suppose, we shall be pro-
tected by Great Britain from the dangers that men-
ace us fi%m France and other Power#! I do not
know that France holds our Government respon-
sible for these things.
What I desire is to get all the facts; at present
we are in the dark. It looks, from these late pro-
ceedings, very much as if that were to be the pol-
icy of Great Britain. You find her going for-
ward and searching our ships in a neutral port,
avowing the purpose to prevent filibusters going
there, not only on the high seas, though they
may go in dur ships, and stopping our own citi-
zens who attempt to go there in large numbers,
and obliging them to put back to New York.
Remember, sirr that the very ground on which
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty was placed was to
open away to our Pacific possessions. Our Gov-
ernment went into it to get a passage across the
Isthmus. That we have not got; but the re-
strictive provision by which we bound ourselves
never to occupy or colonize that region, went in
as a sort of appendage. That," however, is in
force; and the other part for which the treaty was
mainly made, is not.
It is very probable, I think, that the course pur-
sued by our Government with reference to Com-
modore Paulding, furnishes a key to some of
these proceedings. It will be recollected -that
when Paulding went there, wrongfully as it was
admitted, because the Executive declared he had
no right to go into that territory—your Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations made a report on the
same subject; and I do not believe a single Sen-
ator pretended he had a right to do it—our Gov-
ernment, instead of ccnsuiing him fn any way,
eulogized him; the President's message was main-
ly taken up with an attack on the filibusters, and
compliments to Paulding. I believe I do not do
any injustice to the report of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, when I say that the body of
that report was mainly directed against the fili-
buster movement; and while it was admitted that
Pauldinghad violated the law and the Constitution,
they took a great deal of pains to eulogize him.
Now, supposing that the recent occurrences are
truly stated in the papers, and I have no doubt
they are, because you have the statement of the
