11-28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
tary reservation at Rock Island, Illinois; in ref-
erence to which I introduced a resolution a few
days since, calling on the Committer on Military-
Affairs, in their discretion, to report a bill more
effectually to protect the rights of the United
States on these reservations. Here is this reser-
vation, in the Mississippi river, in my own State,
one of the most beautiful spots on the face of the
globe, which is now being sought after by spec-
ulators and sharpers, who are trespassing upon
it and destroying its value. The timber upon that
beautiful island, I am informed, is being cut down
and carried off at the rate of one hundred cords
per day, on some days. Yet, although the at-
tention of the "War Department was called to these
trespasses by me during the last Congress, that
Department has negleeted to use the military pow-
er of the Government, as I contend it should have
done, for the protection of that reservation.
I want to see something incorporated in this
bill which shall make it the duty of the Secretary
of War, if necessary, to send to these reserva-
tions a sufficient military force to eject all such
trespassers as are now stripping and spoliating
Rock Island. That is the reason I submit my
amendment. And I appeal to the committee if
they desire to see these reservations protected; if
they do not want to see them stripped of their
value, that it will adopt that amendment. I con-
tend that this Rock Island reservation ought never
to be sold. I never want to see it go out of the
hands of the Government. I appeal to all west-
ern men to stand by that beautiful island, and to
protect it from the gang of trespassers, specula-
tors, and plunderers who are now spoliating and
destroying it. Protect it, I suy, from those who
now seek, not only to despoil it by stripping it
of its timber, but to secure the title to it at a nom-
inal price. I want that island reserved I am
against its sale in any way or shape. I want to
see it reserved and protected in its original beauty.
I expect, at no very distant day, to see it the site
of some splendid public work. It is one of the
most fitting sites for a national armory or a mili-
tary hospital for the Northwest. It should never
be sold; and we should do something to protect
it, either by the adoption of my amendment, or
by the enactment of a more stringent law in the
direction towards which my resolution looked.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has referred to the fact that he caused to be
sent to the Committee on Military Affairs a res-
olution directing an inquiry into this subject.
That resolution was transmitted to the Secretary
of War, with the request that he would inform
them if any additional legislation was necessary,
or whether the power now vested in him by law
was not sufficient to guard and piotuct the public
property. We have yet received no reply from
the War Department. We have dischaiged our
duty,and will proceed to do so when we have the
proper lights uefore us. I presume the gentle-
man from Illinois can hardly be serious in asking
to amend this section (which only applies to the
pay of the Army) so as to make it applicable to
the protection of public property from trespasses.
] have no doubt that as soon as we receive a reply
from the Secretary of War, we will be able to
mature some legislation on that subject. I do not
know to what extent the gentleman from Illinois
desires us to apply the judicial and military ener-
gies of the Government to suppress these lawless
proceedings*, but we shall be prepared to go to
any extent that may he necessary to put a stop
to them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will ask a question of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
I would like to know jf it be true that our military
reservations are permitted by the War Depart-
ment to be trespassed upon by those who want to
take timber from them and otherwise destroy
their value? I do not intend, by this question, to
cast any doubt upon the word of the gentleman
from Illinois, but the gentleman from Virginia is
presumed to be familiar with the subjcct. If it is
so, it is, in my opinion, very censurable.
Mr. FAULKNER. We have no knowledge
of the existence of any trespassers at all, further
than the communication made to me by the gen-
tleman from Illinois personally, and thiough the
medium of a resolution whiclfhehad sent to that
committee. We do know that the laws of the
land vest in the Secretary of War the power to use
the military force of the country in the protection
of these military reservations,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One word _
here in regard to that matter. That was one of
the reasons why I offered the amendment. I had
reliable and authentic information in regard to
the trespasses on the Rock Island reservation, and
I addressed a letter to the Secretary of War and
informed him of the nature of the trespasses and of
the amount of waste that was going on. His re-
ply was that he had no force at hand with which
he could protect this island.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the words
" military reservations." I do so merely for the
purpose of saying that if there are trespasses com-
mitted on the military reservations of the United
States, at Rock Island or elsewhere, and if any
additional legislation is necessary to preventthem,
that legislation ought to be introduced at some
other point than this.
It seems to me improper that we should tack
on to an item making an appropriation for the
pay of soldiers, a direction to the Secretary of
War to divert a portion of the sum to the resist-
ance of trespasses on military reservations. I do
not say anything in opposition to the legislation
desired by the gentleman from Illinois. My re-
mark is intended solely to exhibit the impropriety
of putting on such an amendment to an appropri-
ation bill like this. It is plain that if the Secre-
tary of War should find it necessary to act under
the legislation proposed, there would be a defi-
ciency created which Congress would have to sup-
ply afterwards. If any legislation be necessary
for this purpose, let it come in in its right place.
I do not think it should go here. I have been at
Rock Island myself, and I have no idea that there
should be a military reservation there; but think
that the proper course would be to sell it.
Mr. HUGHES. It strikes me that this propo-
sition to divert a portion of the money appropri-
ated, or to be appropriated, for the pay of the
Army, is wrong. I ask the gentleman from Il-
linois if there arc not statutes in the various
States to punish trespasses on the public lands of ;
the United States, the cutting of timber, &c. ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Indiana is well aware that these mili-
tary reservations do not come within the descrip-
tion of public lands to which these statutes ap-
ply.
Mr. HUGHES. I merely rose to get that in-
formation.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky says that if you divert a portion of the
money appropriated to the pay of the Army, you
thereby create a deficiency. I do not so under-
stand it. It is true that this item is for the sup-
port of the Army, but it is predicated on tlie idea
that the ranks of the Army will be full; whereas
we know that they are usually short, to the extent
of twelve thousand, fifteen thousand, or twenty
thousand men; and there will necessarily be a
large amount unexpended for pay. The comple-
ment of the Army has never been full, and never
will be full; and, therefore, there would be no de-
ficiency if a portion of this sum were applied to
the service indicated by the amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will an-
swer the gentleman's question by asking him an-
other; that is, whether he thinks it is safe and
proper legislation to order a portion of a fund
which is appropriated for the pay of the Army to
be diverted to the institution of legal proceedings
to prevent trespasses ?
Air. HUGHES. I wish now to put a question
to the gentleman from Illinois. He states there
is no law far the protection of that property.
Then, in what way is the Secretary of War to
employ that money ? Is he to use force, or is he
to employ the money in enforcing some law ? If
there is no law, how can the Secretary of War
employ this money?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman address that question to me ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, MARSHALL, of Kentucky, by unan-
imous consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend the
amendment of my colleague, by striking out
" reservations," and inserting in lieu thereof,
" the reservation at Rock Island." I offer that
amendment merely for the purpose of making a
remark or two in reference to this matter. Some
time in the latter part of December, or the begin-
ning of January, I introduced a bill into this
House, providing for the sale of the military res-
ervation at Rock Island, which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. Upon consul-
tation with the Commissioner of Public Lands, he
thought it best that it should be referred to that
committee in order that the title might come from
the General Land Office. That bill has never been
reported, and I do not know what action the
committee may have taken upon it. But it came
to my knowledge, shortly afterwards, that the
Commissioner of Public Lands was about making
a decision, or had made a decision, that that res-
ervation was subject to preemption and sale at
f 1 25 per acre, like the general mass of the public
lands, and on the 8th of January I introduced a
resolution calling on the Secretary of the Interior
form formation in reference to it. He answered
that resolution on the 1st of February, in a letter
which I hold in my hand. The Secretary declares
that he has never made any decision that that
reservation was subject to preemption afid entry.
He says that it has been squatted upon by two
different sets of squatters, who claim preemption
rights; that they have made application to the
Land Office through their counsel, to have those
preemptions sustained, and that he declines de-
ciding that the reservation is subject to preemp-
tion, believing that it is still a military reservation,
and has never been transferred to his Depart-
ment. He says that there is no power to sell
any land that is under the military department
of the Government, subject to be sold whenever
Congress shall pass a law for its sale.
I disagree with my colleague in reference to the
use of Rock Island. I think it ought to be sold
and settled. It is true, as he says, that timber
is being stripped from that island daily; but, re-
cently, the authorities of the United States have
taken notice of it, and have arreated several men
and bound them over in the district court of Chi-
cago for trespasses committed on that reserva-
tion. But unless some provision is made for the
sale of that island, I have no doubt that the men
who have conspired and congregated together for
the purpose of stealing it, or unfairly obtaining
it, will steal it sooner or later, unless we provide
for the sale of it m a fair manner. 1 think it had
better be sold. It is not worth while to keep it
for ornament, because it is very valuable land,
and there are very many men who desire to pur-
chase it, and it will sell for a good round sum.
It will then be settled, and itwill be an advantage
to the country, and an advantage to the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
colleague inform me if he knows of any military
reservation which there are not a great many per-
sons willing to buy at a small price ? I want some
law made by which the Government can protect
its rights.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I propose by the bill
which 1 have introduced, that the island shall be
appraised by dismteiested and sworn appraisers,
and shall not be sold for less than the appraised
value; that that appraisement shall be published
in divers newspapers, and that it shall be sold in
the smallest legal subdivisions in order to prevent
combinations.
Now, if it has come to this, that the Govern-
ment of the United States cannot sell property at
a fair price, but that combinations must obtain it
at an insignificant price, I think we had better cede
it at once. I have no doubt that if the Committee
on Public Lands will report the bill which I intro-
duced, it will receive the favorable consideration
of the House, and I think it ought to receive it.
Mr. BLISS. I desire to ask a question of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] who
offered the first amendment; and that is, if this
property cannot be protected by the laws of the
country and by the courts of the country? And
why we are called upon to use the Army of the
country to execute civil process?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I answer
the gentleman that it is a military reservation "of
the United States. The Secretary of War has
authority to protect it, and I think that is the
most summary and efficient way of dealing with
these trespassers and plunderers.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Ohio
