1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
purser and others who have just returned; what
has Great Britain done exceeding our movement?
If wo can allow our officers to go there, (I admit
not under the sanction of the Government; but
then the Government took no especial pains to
prevent a recurrence of these things in future;)
and drive anybody out, will not Great Britain do
it? You have in fact a British protectorate over
Central America.
Now I desire, for one, if possible, to get rid of
this Clayton-Bulwer treaty. Then the hands of
our Government will be free. Until that is done,
it is utterly impossible that you can protect Amer-
ican interests proper^ in that quarter. Ifthe Presi-
dent has any new light since last December upon
this subject, 1 think it fair that he should indicate
it to the country. In my opinion, as I stated on
the floor of the other House, the treaty could have
been abrogated last spring on terms that ought to
have been, and would have been, satisfactory to
us. It was not done. I do not propose now to
inquire how or why this was prevented. I hope,
however, that this resolution will pass, and that
we shall have something on the subject from the
President. '
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I do not know
whether there is a Printer*to the Senate at this
session or not; but if there is, it seems to me he
has not exactly performed his duty as a Printer
should perform it. ThesPresident's message,
communicated this day week, was ordered to be
piinted, and I have, as yet, received no copy ofit
m any shape. I understood that in the other
House it was printed. If it were printed so that
I could refer to it, I would ascertain whether there
is not a paragraph in it, which 1 think I recollect,
giving a communication to Congress on the sub-
ject of our existing relations with the Central
American States, and informing Congress that
with Nicaragua and Costa Rica, negotiations are
now pending, but that they are in such condi-
tion that it would not be compatible with the pub-
lic interest to give further information. Do I
understand the honorable Senator from Worth
Carolina, to ask the Senate to differ with the
President on that subject, and to request the in-
formation which he says it would not be compat-
ible with the public interest to communicate?
Mr. CLIj^JGMAN. The President ,has said
something similar to the statement of the Senator
from Virginia, with reference to those States.
There may he, however, in liis possession, in-
formation which lie can communicate with regard
to correspondence between Great Britain and the
United States, and between us and those Govern-
ments. I leave it to him. He can determine
whether or not it i3 compatible with the public
interest to reply to this resolution. I thought it
fair, undertillthe circumstances, that there should
be a call made. If the Senator and the Senate
differ with me, they can vote against the propo-
sition. I do not see, however, that the President
says anything in his message which renders it at
all amiss forany Senator to make a call of this
kind. I have made the usual exception.
Mr. MASON. We have certainly a right to
call on the President to communicate to the Sen-
ate any matter that is pending before the Execu-
tive, of any kind pertaining to ourpublic affairs;
but it is equally competent for the President, in
the respectful relations which exist between the
coordinate branches of the Government, to say
that m his judgment such a communication would
not then be compatible with the public interest.
I had remarked that passage m the message, to
which I have called attention, and I thought that
perhaps it might have escaped the attention of the
honorable Senator who offered the resolution. I
rose chiefly to say, sir, that I do not know that
I shall object ultimately to the passage of this
resolution; but inasmuch as we are officially in-
♦ formed that negotiations are pending with other
Governments on the subject, it would be better,
at least for the piesent, to allow the resolution to
lie over. I object to its consideration to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. Then it must
lie over, under the rules. <
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the President of the
United States!, transmitting a report of the bec-
ret.iry of the Interior, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of the 12th of June, lS5b,^showmg
the amount of money paid for pensions in each
of the States and Territories since the commence-
ment of the present Government; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Hunter, was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a copy of the treaty between the United
States and the kingdom of Siam, concluded on
the 29th of May, 1856, and proclaimed on the
16th of August last; and callingthc attention of
Congress to the necessity of an act for carrying
into effect the provisions of article two of the
treaty conferring certain judicial powers upon the
consul of the United States, who mayhe ap-
pointed to reside at Bang-kok; also suggesting
that the extension to the kingdom of Siam of the
provisions of the act approved August 11, 1848,
entitled " An act to carry into effect certain pro-
visions in the treaties between the United States
and China and the Ottoman Porte, giving certain
judicial powers to the ministers and consuls of
the United States in those countries," might ob-
'viate the necessity of any other legislation upon
the subject. The communication was, ^n motion
of Mr. Mason, referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Senate, made m compliance with
a resolution of the Senat#, relative to stationery
purchased and supplied to the Senate during the
Thirty-Fourth and Thirty-Fifth Congresses;
which, on motion of Mr. Iyerson, was ordered to
lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMMOND presented the petition of
"William E. Haskell, for himself and others, heirs
of William Thompson, an officer in the revolu-
tionary war, praying to be allowed the commu-
tation pay due their ancestor; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented the petition of James G.
Holmes, praying an extension of his patent for
an improvement in the construction of chairs for
invalids; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Eleanor
Gardiner, widow of Henry Gardiner, deceased,
praying compensation for property destroyed
during the war with Great Britain, in 1815; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the.memorial of Jonas P.
Levy, asking the immediate attention of Con-
gress to his claim against Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition ofOscar J. E.Stu-
art, praying that the patent laws be so amended
that a patent may issue to the master for a use-
ful invention by his slave; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of the
children and heirs of John Waire, a so'dier m
the revolutionary war, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented the petition of Mary Feath-
erston, widow of John Featherston, deceased,
late boatswain in the United States Navy, pray-
ing for a half-pay pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the potiuon of Ben jam in Chad-
burn, praying to be allowed the difference between
the amount of pension he received and that he
should have received for a total disability; which
was referred to the.Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMGULL presented the petition of
William Wallace, of Illinois, a soldier of the ivar
of 1SI2, praying an increase of pension; which
was referred'to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of citi-
zens of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing protection to American labor engaged in tiie
manufacture of iron; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. STUART presented the memorial ofThom-
as Henderson, praying that he may be permitted
to purchase a certain tract of Government land on
which he has located, and which he lias improved;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Lund Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Pat-
rick Byrne, praying to be allowed the difference
i between the pry of a doorkeeper and watchman,
and that of a mere laborer, during the time he
performed such extra service; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims,
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Eliku
Williston, a soldier in the last war with *Great
Britain, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of. Ruth Ellen
Greland, widow of Captain John H. Greland, of
the Army, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GREEN presented the petition of Eliza-
beth Horine for herself and children, and the
other heirs and legal representatives of Thomas
Maddin, deceased, praying the confirmation of
their title to a tract of land in Missouri; which
was referrred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims. «
Mr. IYERSON presented the petition of J. F.
Polk, praying compensation for services as acting
Second Auditor of the Treasury, under appoint-
ment of the President, in 1846 and 1849; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented additional papers in rela-
tion to the claim of Henry R. Schoolcraft; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
NOTICES OF BILLS. •
Mr. BROWN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill conferring certain
powers on the corporations of Washington and
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia.
Mr. CRITTENDEN gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill to regulate the
election of Senators.
Mr. BIGLER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Henry
G. Carson, administrator of Curtis Grubb, de-
ceased.
Mr. MASON gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to equalize the compen-
sation of the Ministers of the United States to
France and England, respectively, between the
1st day of July, 1855, and the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1857.
Mr. FOOT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill amendatory qf existing
laws relating to the punishment of certain crimes
against the United Sfates.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
46J) for the relief of William Wallace, of Illinois;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
463) for the relief of Lewis Cass Forsyth; which
was read twice by its title, and referred, with his
accompanying petition and papers, to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (b. No.
464) for the relief" of Francis Dainese; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
465) for the relief of Jane Perry; which was read
twice by its title, and relerred to the Committee
on Pensions.
PAPERS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Ordered, Thatlhe bills, resolutions, petitions, memorials,
anil other p.ipeis, picsented =mce tile commencement of the
-session to tin-, ii.iy. and laid on the taole, be severally re-
l'ened to tlic appioprtate committees, as intended oil their
presentation.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Ordered. That tlie joint resolution (S. No. 54,) forcliaiig-
inu lhe phui el" llie c'lslum-hoil'C at Ualveston. in the state
ot~Texas, I).; leleired to the Committee on Commerce.
j On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
! Ordered, That the leport of the Court of Claims on the
! el, 11 m Of John Peebles; the claim ofTlioma-Allen ; tlie
| cj.um of iVaney M. Johnson, administratrix ol Y\ alt :r II.
i Johnson ami the claim ot Emihe G Jones3 executiix nt
; Thomas P. Jones, he refeneii tothe Committee oil Claims.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Ojdcred, Tllat the bill (S. No 4VI) authorizing the Sec-
retaiy of Wm to pay the expense-- of Captain James Star-
kev-s company of volunteers, incut red byorderof in.: one-
j enior Of tile Territo.yof Mumeso a; and the hill (S.No. 461)
On the construction of a wa^on road fioia Foit Abefcrom-
bie, on the Eed Rivei of the Noiti!, to Seattle, oil Puget
