1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
will allow me, I should like to ask a question of
the gentleman from Illinois, who moved the last
amendment. Did I understand 'him to say that
the Committee on Public Lands have a bill ready-
to report directing the sale of the military reserva-
tion at Roek Island?
Mr. FARJVSWGRTH. They have the bill
before them, I do not know whether they are
ready to report it.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman is a mem-
ber of the committee, I would like very much to
know how the Committee on Public Lands can
take jurisdiction of a military reservation ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not a member
of the committee.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I will state that I have been
informed by the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands that there is a measur* coming be-
fore us on the subject of the Rock Island reserv-
ation, but the committee have not acted upon it;
nor do I suppose they will do it, and report this
session.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to know how
the matter got before the Committee. It evidently
belongs to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The Secretary of the Interior reports that the
island is under the jurisdiction of the War De-
Eartment, and has not been turned over to the
.and department.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. Washb^rne's amendment was rejected—
ayes twenty, noes not counted.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to strike out the
eleventh and twelfth lines, as follows:
" For pay of the Army, $3,00] ,784."
Mr. Chairman, this raises the question of the
extent and pressure of our obligation to vote ap-
propriations that are proposed to this House. An
appeal, half scolding and half expostulatory, was
made to us yesterday on this subject;, and an
attempt was made to show that it was the duty
of every individual in this House to come up to
the help of the Democracy and pass their appro-
priation bills.
Now, I must say, in regard to this matter,
that when those who have the ^majority in this
House will constitute their committees with de-
cent fairness, such an appeal will be reasonable,
and will be responded to; but it is well known
that the members on this side of the House are all
crowded down to the tail end of every committee,
and put into a hopeless minority. What is the
excuse? The excuse is that the Democratic party
have the Government, and are responsible to the
country for its administration, and, therefore, the ji
committees ought to be in the hands of that party, !;
Why, sir, our majorities are, in many cases, '!
larger than the en tiie votes of members of ihe other jl
side; yet we have no voice in the legislation of 1
the country,except to comeup and do the drudg- '
ery, when they want to pass their appropriation ;
bills. Thsn, we must be national! If we could, !
as the British Queen would, remove yourincom- '
potent Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secre-
tary of War, reconstitute the committees of this j
House, give us a fair proportion upon the com- |
mittees, and of'the chairmen of committees; then j
we will march upand shoulder our responsibility ,
for the administration of the Government. But, !
while we are crowded down from every point of '
influence and control, I insist upon it that you ;l(
have no right to come to us and say that we are ;
destitute of patriotism and nationality. Sir, this .
Rosinarite of Democracy has got into the Slough ;
of Despond, and now ciies to us to aid in its ex- j,
trication. ,i
How was it, Mr. Chairman, in the debate on t
the Indian appropriation bill? Three out of four ,■
hours were given to that side. We had four half ;
hours of general debate upon this bill, and three
half hours were given to the other side, and half ^
an hour that, as I supposed by prearrangement, :
belonged to myself, was given to the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] to make an ap- ,!
peal to the patriotism of Black Republicans and j
nigger-stealers to pass appropriation bills, twenty
percent, of which are used to corrupt the country ,i
and perpetuate a dynasty that I trust cannot be s
perpetuated. ' , i
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Illinois ij
has presented a reply, not to any point I made in (j
mv lematks on yesteiday, but to such points as >!
I12i
be imagines I might have made in founding what
he calls an appeal to gentlemen upon that side of
the House. Now, sir, it will be recollected by
yourself and other members of this body, that the
proposition, which I set out here to discuss on
yesterday, was this: that there wasan individual
responsibility resting upon every member of this
bedy, no matter to what political party he be-
longed, for the discharge of the public duties de-
volving upon the House as apart of the legislative
branch of the Government. Does the gentleman
from Illinois deny that to be.the fact? Is he here
without any legislative responsibility whatsoever
to his constituents or to the country?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will answer the gentleman.
I acknowledge that individual responsibility. I
am in my seat every session, and every hour of
every session. My vote is upon the record on
every question. The question is, whether we
are bound to vote your extravagant appropria-
tions.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman recognizes
his responsibility,.he cannot undertake to get rid
of the responsibilty which devolves upon his
party; for his party is made up of individual
members who acknowledge this responsibility
on their part. I insisted here yesterday, and I
say now, that, so far as responsibility for appro-
priations is concerned, I am prepared to take
whatever of responsibility belongs to any vote I
may cast on any proposition that may be before
this House. The gentleman must take the same
responsibility; and how does he undertake to ex-
cuse his party? Why, sir, on the ground that
they have been crushed down on the committees;
that the Speaker*of this House has made up his
committees unfairly; and that they have been put
at the tail end, without any power whatsoever to
originate legislation, or to introduce measures into
this body. Will the gentleman go back to the
last Congress, and tell me whether he approves
of the manner in which committees were then
constituted ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I was not a member of that
Congress; but understand that the then Speaker
was ultra liberal to that side.
Mr. LETCHER. But we are speaking of the
committees that the Speaker has crowded you to
the tail-end of.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
Suestion of order. My point of order is this: ,
discussion as to Republicans and Democrats has
nothing to do with this bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I am sorry my friend did
not think to raise his point until the gentleman
from Illinois had been allowed to go on his full
time, and I half of mine.
Mr. MAR.SHALL, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman has had his talk. My point of order is j
that this debate is not relevant to the text. 1
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the j
point of order, i
Mr. LETCHER. Very well. I will stop right j
there, and go to another point. !
Mr. LOVEJOY. Before the gentleman starts '
on another point,-! wish to call his attention to the |
fact that the late General Quitman was appointed I
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs |
by the Speaker of the last Congress. I
Mr. LETCHER. He was appointed chairman j
of the Committee on Military Affairs, hut I would :
like to know whether the gentleman has ever ex- ;
amined to see when the extra expense was created
by an increase of the pay of the Army fifty per
cent., and how the gentlemen on that side of the
House voted on that item of expenditure. I think 1
it will be found that fifty-seven of the ninety-two
of the gentleman's party voted for that increase.
Mr. PALMER. I should like to know how
long this discussion is to go on out of order? A
large portion of yesterday was consumed with this
irrelevant debate.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation in the following paragraph §13,000:
" For the pay ot'tiie Army, .vo-i.*-'
The committee are aware that there exists to a
large extent throughout this country amongst mil- :
itary men, a strong impression that brevet lank :
is the source of more jealousy, discord, and bad
feeling in the Army, than perhaps any one feature J
that has become incorporated into our military
system. But, without at this time undertaking to :i
express any opinion of our own as to the abro-
gation of this featureof our military policy, 1 will
say that the'Committee on Military Affairs .are
unanimously of opinion, fimt the House should
concur in the provisions of the bill passed by-the
Senate of the United States, providing that of-
ficers of the Army holding brevet commissions,
while in the exercise of their command, ought not
to have the additional pay of their brevet rank.
1 am very well awarerfhat this reduction which wo
here propose will be of no ffrlfetieal importance,
unless this body will agree to take from the Speak-
er's table the Army retrenchment bill and pass it.
I have already made two efforts to have that bilj
taken from the Speaker's table and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs; but some gentle-
men made objection, and I have so far failed t«
accomplish my object.
This present amendment is predicated upon the
idea that the House will concur with the Senate,
and pass that Army retrenchment bill. By it, the
Senate have voted to strike out this system of
brevet pay as a pernicious principle of our mili-
tary policy—as one leading to theexercise of Ex-
ecutive favoritism and partiality, and calculated
to destroy the manly and independent tone of the
Army, by the power which the Executive may
now exercise over their me&ns of livelihood in the
service. If the House should carry out the prin-
ciple involved in this particular amendment, I
propose to extend it to other sections of the bill,
when we reach the appropriations for subsistence,
forage, &c. This amendment will save to the
Treasury, annually, some forty thousand dollars;
but the pecuniary reduction is insignificant com-
pared with the beneficial influence which it will
exercise upon the harmony, efficiency, and per-
sonal independence of the officers of the Army.
Mr, BONHAM. I trust that the House will
not take the step suggested by the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs. I was not
present when the committee directed the course
to be taken that has been indicated by the chair-
man. I hope the House will not pass the bill to
which the gentleman has referred, and that it will
not adopt the amendment offered hereby the gen-
tleman from Virginia. It is not in prder to dis-
cuss that bill. When it does come up, I will
have something to say upon it.
The brevet rank was recognized as early as 1812
and 1818; and 1 believe this is the first time that
a bill has ever been introduced into Congress to
deprive those gentlemen, who have won their bre-
vets by gallant conduct in the face of the,enemy
or by other meritorious conduct, of the pay at-
tached to the honorable distinction which the
country has awarded them. There has never
been a murmur heard from,any portion of the
country in regard to this matter. One of the effects
of this bill is, to cut down the pay of the com-
manding general, who has been breveted a lieu-
tenant general, who has won fairly every honor
that the Government has bestowed upon him. I
call upon gentlemen who ask to tear his laurels
from him, to show wlvat part of the country has
ever complained that he has received his brevet
pay ? I call upon gentlemen who propose to strike
him down, to show us what portion of this great
Republic has ever complained at the pay he gets?
He is at the head of the Army of a great Govern-
ment. The hospitalities that he extends require
that ho should get these extra rations. His al-
lowances are not too large. If the House be in-
clined to adopt this line of retrenchment, I trust
it will not take the step here, but wait till the bill
referred to comes up, when we can act under-
standing^- on the subject.
The question being on Mr. Faclkner's amend-
ment,
i Mr. FAULKNER called for tellers.
i Tellers were ordered;.and Messrs. Chaffee
1 and Hawkins were appointed.
I Mr. HUGHES. I move to amend the amend-
i ment by reducing the appropriation $1,000. I
' think there is misapprehension in regai d to the
| circumstances under which Aimy officers draw
: their brevet pay. Where an officer is breveted
j for gallant conduct in the field, his brevet pay does
not attach unless he is ordered on active service
according to his brevet rank. When he does the
duty, and has the command belonging to the
brevet rank, he draws the brevet pay, and only
then. Now, it is not right to put it in the power
of the Government to impose the duty and re-
