1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nn
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman explain to the
committee how the Pacific department has been
cut up into two or three military departments?
Mr. CURTIS. I am not certain how many de-
partments they have in the Army at the present
time.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move to reduce the appro-
priation three dollars.
Mr. Chairman, 011 the 15th day of February,
1855,Congress, against my vote, conferred brevet . _
rank of lieutenant gene-ral upon the Command- I; party strike home upon questions of vastimport-
er-in-Chief of the Army of the United States, for |i ance to the Union. Let us cut down the swell-
distinguished military service. The pay attached |; in? arrogance and the extravagant expenditures
to that rank is regulated bylaw. Now, I have not jj of this Government. Let all friends of the coun-
a great interest in tins matter, one way or the ij try unite in the good work. I thank my friends
other, but 1 will vote against the decrease of pay I1 of the other side who have made attacks in detail
vote money to them, while I go against such an
expenditure. It is an excrescence upon the body-
politic. It is a cancer which ought to be cauterized.
A standing army has ever proved to be the des-
troyer of the liberty of a nation. It has in history
been shown to be the instrument of tyranny. We
are going 011 increasing this curse upon our own
country. And, sir, I rejoice to see a distinguished
Democratic Senator of the other House taking
my view of the subject. I rejoice to see that
founded upon that brevet rank. I submit that j
the action of this body and of this Government |
has been repeatedly in this direction. This pay
has been conferred in acknowledgment, not for
dues for present service, but for past services, "
which was my colleague's [Mr. Giddings] argu-
ment—distinguished services. :
The proposition received the sanction of the
President and a most unexampled majority in
Confess; and it is almost too late to come in and ;
make-'af«roposition to reduce it—to strike it down, j
so far as the Commander-in-Chief of the Army is 1
concerted. I do not believe that he gets one cent 1
more than he is entitled to for the services which :
he has rendered to this country. They are pre
upon the extravagance in the Army. I want
everything d&ne that will call attention to this
excrescence, this cancer upon the body-politic.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mi. NICHOLS. I object. I want to say a
word in reply to my colleague. It appears to me
that my honorable colleague has some feeling in
regaid to the old soldiers' pension bill. I only say
that I am perfectly prepared to stand by my vote
011 that bill. But it involves, in my judgment, a
gi eat lack of penetration on the part of rny hon-
orable colleague, not to see the distinction be-
tween the case I put and the bill he voted for.
Now, here are breve.t ranks conferred on gentle-
men who have spent their whole lives in the mil-
lie ijus xeuuci cu iu mio y . «•*^ r* ~ , j - ,
eminent. They stand before the country and the n itary service of the country. My honorable cot-
J - .1 . • _ 1 A f 1 ! J ~~ V-.Y riat liiint! Q1V mdllths in f.h ft TY11 I 1 T V
world as preeminently meritorious. 1 do not
think that you reach any sound principle of econ-
omy by ignoring and denyingto such men as Gen-
eral Scott, General Wool, and General Twiggs,
the money which past Congresses have voted  
was their due for their distinguished military ser- jj my district who have spent six months, 01 less,
vices If it has been voted to them, and if it is jj in the military service of the country, and after-
then- pay now, in God's name, let them have it. :i wards went into civil employment; and, like my
It is for past distinguished service, and 1 want to jj colleague, a good many of them have received
see them get it. We may diminish the number ji distinguished civil honors from the mere fact of
of our standing army, if we desne economy in j
our expenditures; but leave to these men who 1
have gone into the fiercest fights of our battles, ■
the money which has been voted to them hereto- ,
fore. They have the right to look upon it as in i
the nature of a contract. " I
[Here the hammer fell.] _ [
Mr. NICHOLS, by unanimous consent, with
drew his amendment.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I move to strike out the
•word " million."
Mr. Chairman, I shall not enter into the con-
test in regard to the pay of individuals of the
Army.
to refh ,  
and I were at issue a few days since on that very
point. I then told lum that I would bring him 1.
up on the Army bill. I was conscious where 1 ;
would find him, and I now place him before the
country advocating past services to a ceitatn ex-
tent. He goes for the generals, but not for the ,
soldiers; for the officers, and not for the rank and !
file. Against that aristocracy of my colleague I
protest. [Laughter ] :
Mr NICHOLS. Allow me a word.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Not now. I do not think
my colleague is deserving of it.
Mr. NICHOLS. Very well, then. I will make ■
it all right after a while
league spent, pei haps, six months in the military
service of the country.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Not so much as that.
Mr. NICHOLS. My colleague says, not so
much as that. There are thousands of men in
) their military service. I would like to know how
my colleague can establish a similanty between
the service of himself, or the three months' or six
mouths' or twelve months' men, and the set vice
of General Scott or General Wool, or those men
who have devoted their whole lifetime to the
service of the country
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will explain to my col-
league.
Mr. NICHOLS. You refused to allow me time
to explain, and I now object to any interruption.
I put to my colleague this poin t, and I want his
answer: The law, as it exists behind the appro-
mv ffre oicXl^^^-omS :pnauon bills, grants these allowances; and by
I I'ct unon tl rments of past services. He : Adopting this amendment, what do you do r You
ufh ct upon ti e m us <1 ] c s deficiency, and throw it on your
simply create a deficiency, and throw it on your
own party friends at the next Congress to supply.
is now on the Speaker's table. And if thatract
should be passed, it would render the amend-
ment entirely nugatory; for, no matter how mueh
money might be appropriated here, no part of it
would be applied to the payment of the increased
emoluments of brevet officers. On the other hand,
if that law be not passed, then if we fail here, to-
day to make an adequate appropriation to meet
payments of this kind, the only result of it will
be that at the next session of Congress we shall
have to appropriate $13,000 more, as for a defi-
ciency in the pay of the Army. The whole con-
troversy, therefore, involves an unnecessary co«:
sumption of time, without the slightest tendency
to promote any practical reform.
But, even if we could accomplish something in
this way, I would still be opposed to striking at
this particular item. In my judgment the most
meritorious payment that can be made, is to gen-
tlemen who have distinguished themselves in the
field, or even on the peace staff, when performing
duties of a higher grade, in conformity with their
brevet rank. I was in favor of the increase of the
pay of the Army. I am m favor of it this day.
1 am not in favor of striking off one cent of the
pay of any person connected with the Army,
whether of lineal rank or of his brevet lank.
The evils which the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Coktis] has referred to, and many of the
other evils under which this country is now suf-
fering, come not from liberal,/air, and honorable
salaries for distinguished services, but from the
abuses in the Departments, in needlessly multi-
plying military posts, and in allowing officers of
high lineal grade to remain at home, and substi-
tuting for them men younger, and,perhaps, more
capable to discharge their duties, who have the
brevet rank. The remedy for that is to be sought
in the firmness and discretion of the President
and of the AVar Department; and till those qual-
ities are found there, no remedy is practicable.
But I am not willing, because they are indiscreet,
to strike down the compensation for services ill
the field, so distinguished that the President and
the Senate have seen fit to reward them by bre-
vets, and the country has ratified their judgment.
The only way to relieve the country from the
burden of double pay is to apply to the Army
such a remedy as was applied to the Navy, but
which the indiscretion of Congress and the lack
of nerve and energy and independence 011 the part
of the President and his Secretaries have rendered
unavailing. As long as you allow the head of
almost every regiment to be an old man, incom-
petent to do his duty in the field, you must pay a
young man to discharge it. It is partly our own
fault, and still more the fault of the Departments
at the other end of the avenue, that men are re-
tained in high positions, both m the Army and
Navy who cannotdischarge their duties;and these
at next Congress.
I do not want any ad captandum argument here,
or distinctions made between poor men and offi-
cers. I know poor men in my district who ha^ve
seived their country, and who have always ren-
dered their services cheerfully, not influenced by
any such considerations; and, as their Represent
iJ ative, I protest against such arguments
' What-
1 V T'TrmrvtiS Now I say to mv colleague ' ever time these men gave to their country they
^ distnet I .in :
which my colleague now contends
man who entered into the service m his youth,
and devoted his whole lifetime to it—the man who
stands at the head of the armies of the world for
htarv reputation, who has had the ackiiowi-
o-tnent ot both Houses of Congress, and whose
point out soldiers who have stood as gallantly
upon the field of battle, have met the enemy s
charge and fire with as much courage and cool-
ness as ever General Scott or any officer of his
army have shown. They are not known beyond
their own school districts* 1 hey have, accoi uing i
to their position, done as much for their country as ;
over General Scott did. If the principle is togue ■
money eternally to men high in rank, and with- «
hold it from the soldier, then I am opposed to it, ,,
and I want it to be known.
My colleague was opposed to giving to the old j
soldiers of the war of 1812 a scanty pittance; and ■;
I was for it 1 now meet him on millions for a
standin* army; millions annually dealt out to the
men who fight vour Mormon war; men, too, who J'
are doing nothing men who are here on furlough; j-
ners j| Ihat^^ out^c^
Uierena^"Sch indivXIlf'Mywlte^" will U nothing without the passage of another act, which
discharging the duties of the senior, equal to the
i pay of the senior.
! Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not care, Mr. Chairman,
' to discuss this question so far as individuals are
I concerned, especially not in reference to com-
1 mander-in-cluef. My objection is to the system
I as a system. I suppose it is understood all over
I the country that in case of war we are to depend,
1 not on the regular Army, but on the volunteer
I force of the country. I wish to call the attention
of the committee also to the fact that the range ot
| pay for military services is higher than that; ot
| any other service in the country. We make the
military a privileged class; and subordinate oth-
, ccrs in the Army receive higher pay than the
I judges of the Supreme Court. The pay of the
J ° J -in-chief is better than that
ferred upon him withdrawn by an amendment ; ^'/year^8,000,$5,000, and so on.
* . .1 . . I. WV\ nnAnf CQ
to ail appropriation bill.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was not agreed to.
Mr DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
by striking out the word " three," before
lion," and insertm
mil-
in lieu thereof the word
,„k . I think, Mr° Chairman, that enough time
has been spent in the discussion about st'lk,nS
Now, remember that this is-a permanent salary
for life, not a temporary salary .
Another pointto which 1 wish to call the atten-
1 tion of the committee is, that only about one
j fourth of the entire officers of the Army are^ en-
' o-an-ed in any military service whatever. Three
' fourths of tliem are unoccupied, waiting for or-
ders, or engaged m some other employment aside
from the appropriate duties of the Army. ±hey
are building your Capitol, or engaged on your
