1132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Light-House Board. And many of them are
hanging around hotels. If you go to a ball any-
where in the large cities, every other man there
"will have some military insigniaabout him. Go
to the leading hotels, go to the Metropolitan and
St. Nicholas, in New York, and almost every
other name on the record there will have " U. S.
A." or u U. S. N." after it. We pay them for
doing nothing while they live, and when they
die, whether they die gallantly, as many of them
do, and bravely meet their fate on the battle-field,
or are found dead in some groggery, we vote pen-
sions to their surviving widows and children.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Illinois has referred to the fact that officers
of the Army are assigned duties on the Light-
House Board. Does he not know 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, I cannot
yield much of my time to the chairman of the
Committee of "Ways and Means. He can get the
floor whenever he wants it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I was only going
to inform the gentleman that the old Whig party
presented that as a reform of the light-house sys-
tem, with a view to diminish the expenses.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I could not hear what the
gentleman said. My idea is, that the genius of our
country is that of peace; and that we do not want
an army, as the despotisms of the Old World do,
to sustain our Government; and, consequently,
that we ought to reduce our Army to the lowest
possible amount, and depend upon it simply as a
nucleus around which volunteers could gather in
time of actual war. We do not want an Army
to boused in unjust and aggressive wars; ar.d,
whenever there is really just occasion for war,
hundreds of thousands of citizen soldiers will rush
to *he battle-field. They will be educated men—
men who have homes, and love their country,
not mere mercenaries, who fight for so many dol-
lars a month—and that kind of an army has al-
ways been invincible, and always wili be. That
is all the army we need. Why, sir, every year
we grind out a grist of officers, and they come out !
of the hopper with epaulets on their shoulders,
and green or red stripes up and down each side of
their pants. [Laughter.] We arc obliged to edu- '
rate them at West Point; and the head of our
Army (the ofiicoi s) has swelled out of nil propor-
tion to the body, and become monstrous; and we
keep up this establishment of privates on purpose
to make places for the officers ground out to order
annually.
Now, I do not know that we can effect any re-
form. I do not expect we will. But I do want '
to call the attention of the House, and possibly
of some portions of the country, to the fact that
the genius of tiie Republic itself is not to have a
standing army, but to rely on the citizen soldiers
when the occasion calls lor an ai my.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. BONtlAM. I move to strike out "ninety-
one" and insert " one hundred." 1 agree with
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Dams] that j
we aie debating this question to little purpose, '
unless the hill to which the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs has referred shall pass.
On looking at the bill, I find that he is correct, in
regard to its effect upon the brevet pay; but there '
is a clause m it which strikes down the additional i
rations allowed, \\ Inch die very impuitant, Before I
we take the ihst step in reducing the pay of the
officers of the Army, and in making the amend-
ments whHi the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs has indicated that he will ask the
committee to make, 1 desire to call the attention
of gentlemen upon all sides of the House to a fact
which I learn from a source on which I rely. It
is this: that if every brevet officer m the Army :
(excepting General Scott) were receiving brevet ■
pay, the difference between the pay and the reg- i
ular pay would not amount to $8,000 a yeai. Uut j
it is not often that all of them are on duty with '
brevet pay. My informant adds, that the effect !
of the bill of the Senate is to reduce General
Scott's pay; and such also will be the effect of this ;
amendment. Now, I hope we shall take a vote
upon this question; and I submit to the commit-
tee that it would be better not to reduce any of;
these appropriations until the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs shall have had a
fair opportunity of having a vote of the House
upon the bill from the Senate.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
-The question recurred upon Mr. Faulkner's
amendment, on which tellers had been ordered.
Messrs. Chaffee and Hawkins were appointed
tellers.
The committee divided; and the'tellers reported
—ayes twenty-five.
Th$CHAIRMAN (understanding that a count
of the negative vote was not required) announced
that the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 desire to offer an amendment,
to come in at the end of the paragraph.
Mr. HOUSTON. What has become of the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia?
The CHAIRMAN. It was lost. The affirm-
ative gave it up.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not give it up,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair heard no de-
mand for a further count.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did ask for a count on the
other side, distinctly.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Alabama insists upon it, the tellers will resume
their places.
Mr. BONHAM. I ask if the gentleman from
Alabama rose from his seat and demanded a fur-
ther count? If he did not rise, he had no right
to ask for a further count.
Mr. HOUSTON. I asked for a further count
before the decision of the Chair was announced,
and it matters not whether I rose from my seat
or not.
The CHAIRMAN. A further count is called;
and the tellers will resume their places.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected; the tellers having reported—ayes
42, noes 80.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Proi uhd. That the pay of the officers of the Anny shall
ho n^toied to the rate paid previous to the act of February
21. 1807, *' to inciease the pay of the officers of the Army."
Mr. CHAFFEE. I raise the point that that
amendment is not in order. It is a change of
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. BLAIR. It is as much in order as the
retrenchment speech of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
J'ki commutation oi'otliccr.i' aubotatcnce, £.998,431 30.,5
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to reduce that
item $60,000.
Mr. Chairman, I shall of course abandon the
prosecution of the other amendments that would
have followed lfthe House had sustained the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs in their views upon the
question of brevet pay. My present amendment
involves another and distinct principle. These
extra rations were originally voted by Congress
to those havin  command of separate posts, as
affording the means of hospitality and entertain-
ment; but, so far as the experience of those best
acquainted with their operation goes, the result
has not been beneficial to the public service.
These extra rations have the effect of inducing of-
ficers of the Army to avoid their proper position
in their regiments foi the command of posts. It
has unquestionably led to the multiplication of
posts, which has been a source of perhaps as
much unnecessary expense as any item of the
Army service. Within the last ten years there
have been established one hundred and three new
military posts, of which fifty-seven have been evac-
uated. The committee believe that they will ac-
complish an important reform by cutting off those
extra rations assigned to officers because they are
placed in the command of separate posts or gar-
risons.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If I understood
the gentleman's remarks correctly, he proposes
to reduce this appropriation by the amount ne-
cessary to furnish extra rations to officers in com-
mand of departments and military posts. I think,
then, that the gentleman is mistaken in the amount.
The estimate, as submitted to us, is only $6,000
instead of $60,000.
Mr. FAULKNER. I am surprised that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
should be misled into .such an error. lie will find
that the amount ic, a typographical error,
Xvhich, looking beyond the surface, he ought to
have known was an error. Let him make the cal-
culation, and he will find that the amount is
§60,000. Such was the amount last year. This
appropriation, the effect of a mistaken policy, has
increased in the last few years from £30,000 to
$60,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Make the correc-
tion which the gentleman from Virginia desires,
and what will be accomplished? He speaks of
one hundred and three new military posts having
been established upon the frontier settlements and
upon the lines of emigration between the valley
of the Mississippi and the Pacific. Now, I say
that he ought not to have complained that there
were posts upon the frontiers; but why, he might
ask, the necessity of continuing Carlisle barracks
in Pennsylvania, and why the necessity of con-
tinuing barracks m Kentucky, opposite Cincin-
nati. I ask, also, what necessity is there for
maintaining military positions within the interior
of the United States? Why not provide for tlje
sale and disposal of these military posts? If gen-
tlemen desire a measure of reform, why not have
a commission appointed to dispose of many of
these military posts, which, for the purposes of
protection, are now of no service whatever?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man inquires why a military post is retained at
Newport? I say it is only a recruiting depot, and,
as being a center for Cincinnati, Covington, and
Newport, it is the very best place for a recruiting
depot.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is not necessary
to retain the military posts as recruiting depots.
The recruiting officer in Washington keeps his
office in some room which he rents; and so, too,
might the recruiting officer in Newport and else-
where. The post in Newport cost the Govern-
ment more than one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, and it would probably realize that sum
now, if sold.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means does
not think that there is any business for a recruit-
ing office in Cincinnati, why it is kept there?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is retained
there precisely as it is retained in other cities. 1
find you have a recruiting officer at Columbus, in
the State of Ohio; at Baltimore; at Detroit; at
Buffalo, Pittsburg, and at various other towns
throughout the country; and these officers are
not stationed at military posts. They keep their'
offices in the village or the city, and support their
recruits at some boarding place till they have a
sufficient number to send to the depot where they
are to be drilled.
I believe in abandoning these military posts in
the interior, and establishing additional posts on
the frontier, where they are needed for the pur-
pose of giving protection to the frontier settle-
ments. We have no use for the Army in the in-
teuor of the country; and yet we have heard it
suggested here, m a spirit.of economy, that it
would be a good plan to withdraw the Army
within the settlements, because we would thereby
save much in the transportation of provisions and
supplies. I grant that much money-would be
saved iti this way; but those who advocate such
a disposition of the Army ought, to be consistent,
to advocate the entire abolition of the Army, and
depending hereafter on the calling out of volun-
teers or militia for the defense of the frontier.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out $98,000. The
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia calls for a repetition of almost the same
observations that I made a few moments ago on
anotherof his amendments. There does notseem,
Mr. Chaiiman, to be any sound reason advanced
why the officers at the principal stations should
be allowed commutation and extia rations. The
grievance which the gentleman from Virginia
wishes to remedy is this: that these additional
rations form an inducement with the officers of
the Aimy to seek for stations in various portions
of the country, and that the needless multiplica-
tion of these stations, increases the cost of the
Army establishment, I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia whose fault that is ? Does
it rest with the officer of the Army to choose his
station? Is it the officers who multiply stations
in the western country, or on the eastern sea-
board; or is it the will of the officer that places
