50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
cooperation, in the language of the resolution of
the Democratic national convention, " the whole
constitutional power of the Government will be
exercised" to build the Pacific railroad.
It is not by the volition, merely, of any one Sen-
ator, that this measure is called up before you; but
as one of the great popular is'sues submitted to,
and decided on favorably by the verdict of the
people in 1856, it now presents itself for judgment.
Therefore, without arrogating to myself any spe-
cial credit m pressing for early action on this
question, I nevertheless occupy peculiar relations
to it, which will justify what may seem to be im-
portunity on my part. It is now seven years
since I gave notice to the Senate of my intention
to introduce a bill for the construction of the Pa-
cific railroad. I was a member of the Committee
onTerritories when its chairman, the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] more than six years ago,
under instruction from that committee, reported
the first bill in favor of building the road. 1 have,
on four occasions, been a member, and three times
chairman, of select committees appointed by the
Senate to consider the subject. The late lamented
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] than whom this
groat project never had a truer or more efficient
friend, as chairman of the first select committee,
reported a bill which would have passed the Sen-
ate by the change of a single vote only, and at a
time when we had the certain assurance of its
passage through the other Ilouse.
The wisdom of our fathers, inspired as I believe
they were in their labors, framed this Government
with so many nicely-ad justed checks and balances,
that the greatest measures ever considered in Con-
gress have often been decided by a single vote;
and I cannot contemplate, without a pang of re-
gret, that the most disastrous consequences may
result to this country from the want of one vote on
that occasion. Four yearsago, a bill reported by
me, as chairman of a select committee, was more
successful, as it passed this body; but, owin  to
either treachery or bad management in the other
House, it failed to become a law.
If the necessity and beneficent effects of this
measure were a mattei of doubt, I should hesitate
in thus earnestly urging action upon it; but is
there a Senator who will lise in his place, and
say that the construction of this road would not
insure military protection, and odd to the great-
ness and glory of the Republic? The bitterest ene-
mies of this measure in this body acknowledge
it. Even die Senator from Vn gin la, [Mr. Mason,]
in his speech against this bill at the last session,
admits that the building of this road " is a desid-
eratum," arid that "it would be fraught with
great and beneficial results to the countiy if
built."
This being admitted,! shall proceed to consider
the most plausible objections to this bill. It is
contended, first, that Congress has no constitu-
tional power to enact such a law; and secondly,
that the grant of land is exorbitant, and the ad-
vance of money or credit by the Government m
aid of the road will be enormous.
These arc the general objections urged by those
■who oppose Government aid in any form, while
othcrand more foimidable diiftcuities exist among
the friends of the measure, growing out of see-
tional and local interests.
The Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,]
■whom 1 look upon as the most determined of all
the opponents of the bill, says that the "Gov-
ernment is authorized to establish post offices and
post roads and to cany the mails, but u has no
further authority on that subject."
This bill does not propose that the Government
shall build a road, or take stock or give money to
build a road, but simply piovides that the Pies-
ident shall make a contiact for the tianspoi tation,
by railroad, of us mails, troopes, seamen, and mu-
nitions of war.
That the Government has a right to provide
for the carriage of the mails is not denied; but the
difficulty raised is, whether it can contract to have
the mails cairied m a certain manner. Now, this
bill is founded on the principle, that the Govern-
ment has the power to contract for the transporta-
tion of the mails, and prescribe the mode. Such
has been the piactice since its organization. Con-
gress directed that the mails should be carried on
foot or on horseback, in a stage or a wagon, in the
first law establishing post offices and post roads,
passed the 26th of February, 1792. The same
power was again conferred on the Postmaster
General by the acts of May 8,1794, and of April
30,1810. Afterwards, as steamboats became the
most rapid means of conveyance, authority was
given by the act of 3d March, 1825, to the Post-
master General 44 to have the mail carried in any
steamboat or other vessel which shall be used as
a packet."
Hu t as coaches succeeded post-riders, and steam-
boats followed, so at last were railroads brought
into competition with, and, whenever possible,
superseded, steam vessels. By the act of July 7,
1838, it was declared " that each and every iail-
road within the limits of the United States, which
now is, or hereafter may be, made and completed,
shall be a post route; and the Postmaster General
sl\all cause the mail to be transported thereon,"
under certain conditions.
13y the act of July 2,1836, it was made the duty
of the Postmaster General, "before advertising
for pioposals for the transportation of the mails,
to form the best judgment piacticable as to the
mode, timet and frequency of truntyottation on each
route, and to advertise accordingly."
It will thus be seen that it has been the prac-
tice of the Government from its origin, to author-
ize contracts to be made for the conveyance of the
mails, so that they might be transported in such
manner as the Postmaster General might elect.
But the honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] is fruitful in objections. He not only in-
timates that Congiess has no power to authorize
the President to contract for the transportation
of the mails by railroad to the Pacific, as contem-
plated by this bill, but he says, " it is intended
to invite, upon the bonus held out by the bill, op-
erators from some qucirttr to construct the road;"
and here is " the commencement of a new policy
on the part of this Government." The argument
is unfortunate for the Senator, as among the very
first acts of Congress on this subject, apnrovcd
the 3d of May, lfc>02, H is declaied in us thud
section:
Tli.it foi the her to ami more secuie cai r\ it'ji of tin-* mail
of thfi rmtf'd rtuites on the nia-n po.-t io.nl bftw-en Perm
hurj.', in Vnsnnia. and Louisville, in Geoimu. the Postmas-
ter Geneial shall he, and Jterebv is, auchonzed and directed
to ensure and contract with private companies, o; adven-
tmeiv.foi earn ins the mail of the United St;uo-, loi i.teim
of time not exefn'dinu live v ear-, in mail coaches or
oaleiihitcfi toeonvev pa-.-Joiisjei* therein: Provided .That the
expense thcieoi shall not exceed a sum equal to one third
mme than the vihnie oi jhe i-M'-ent cwpen-e for canying
the masl on Midi load on hoi-ebiick.''
It will be seen that, by this act, the contract
was to be given to " any private companies or ad-
venturers," not only to carry the mail in coaches,
but to provi'de for passengers; and a bonus of
one third more than was paid for hoi.seback trans-
portation was allowed foi these additional facil-
ities in tiansportunx the mails and passengers I
submit to that Senator whether, after his State
has had the benefit of the laws which required
the mail to be cairied in a prescribed manner at
increased iates,not only in reference to speed,
but to the accommodation of passengers, is it equal
and exact justice to que^ion the power of Con-
gress to grant a like boneht to California5 There
is another peculiarity about this law. It does not
appear thot stages were running between Peters-
burg and Louisville, but that the mail was tians-
ported on horseback; so that Congiess offered in-
ducements to '4 pd vontuiers" to put coaches on
the road suitable for passengers.
Now, whatmon do we ask than that Congress
shall authorize the President to contract for the
transportation of mails to the Pacific by railroad?
We do not propose that the Government shall
build the road: far from it; we only offer induce-
ments tor private capital to undertake its construc-
tion.
Hence, I submit, that, under the Constitution,
Congress has power to authorize the Pn sident to
contract in any prescribed way for the transpor-
tation of the mails. Having the powerto contract,
the power necessarily exists to make payment,
and the quantum of compensation is a matter for
congressional discretion.
It is therefore apparent, that, as a postal ar-
rangement, there is power to pass this bill; but
the argument becomes stronger, if possible, under
the constitutional power to "provide for the com-
mon defense. It is constitutional to raise and
equip troops, and to mold and cast cannon; and
it will not be denied, even by the Senator from ;
Virginia, that it is constitutional to transport i
troops, supplies, and munitions of war, from one
part of the country to another. If constitutional
to transport them, is there, then, any thing to limit
the power of Congress as to the mode or manner
of doing so; or of malting contracts m advance
for their transportation ? The question is too
plain for argument or illustration.
j The opponents of this bill, when forced to re-
j cede from opposition upon constitutional grounds,
j attack it on account of the immense cost it will
: entail upon the Government. An examination of
1 its provisions will show how httlo foundation
; there is tor this objection.
| It is proposed to give alternate sections of land
j for twenty miles on each side of the road. The
I policy of granting land to aid in the construction
i of railroads is too well established to need an
I argument, and the only objection that need be
[ noticed is as to the quantity of land granted.
I It will be observed, in the first place, that the
' land without the road is utterly worthless, and
! would not, perhaps for a century or more, produce
! to Government enough to pay the expenses of
1 suiveymg and selling it; and next, it is obvious
| that the building of this road is an event that our
i Government, for political leasons, desires, and
J that we only seek to mvite private capital to be
i invested for our benefit. There is not much sur-
1 plus capital in the country; and in order to induce
| its investment in great and untried undertakings
| like this, we must offer proper encouragement,
I shall presently show that the grant of land by
the bill is the only contribution by the Govern-
ment to the work.
Senators have spoken about the immense ex-
p( admire of money which by this bill would be
, entailed upon the Government. I tnost unequiv-
; ocally deny thul the Government icill in any manner
< rhk the Inns of one dollar, if it passe s. I ask the at-
' teution of those Senators who are prevented from
favoring the measure by the fear it will become
' a burden upon the Treasury, to thispait of my
; argument. The proposition submitted for con-
' sideration is, that the only aid asked from the
j Government is simplya donation of the alternate
: sections of land. It is true that the bill proposes
; that the Government shall advance §12,500 per
! mile m bonds to the contractors, as soon as a sec-
i tion of twenty-five mdes shall be completed—that
' is to say, when ct twenty-five miles of the road
is made and put into successful operation," then
the Government shall loan to the contractors at
five per cent, interest, &302,500 in bonds. The
I loan is not to bemadeuntil the section of twenty-
| five miles is complete and in running order; then
j the Government advances, for the first time,
! $302,300 in bonds, and patents three fourths of
j the alternate sections of land.
! Now, before an advance of a dollar in bonds
, can be made, twenty-five miles of the road must
he built. Then the Government pledges its credit,
, and acquires a hen or mortgage upon the road
| for the fulfillment of the whole contract. Suppose
the contractors, after receiving the $302,500 in
bonds, and the lands, should fail: then the Govern-
ment would take possession of the load*, which
must have cost the contractors probably $40,000
per mile, or an aggregate of $J .000,000. In other
words, to obtain the loan of ^302,500 m bonds, the
contiactors give the best security, amounting to
$1,000,000, that they will repay the money. Even
if the contractors, after obtaining an advancc,
were to fail, the Government would be benefited
It would then have one fourth of the lands, and
twenty-five miles of the road. complete, equipped,
and m running order; which must be worth, in-
cluding the rolling stock, over a million dollars;
by turning over which, it would be enabled to
enter into a new contract upon equally, if not
more, favorable terms for the other sections.
How, then, can the Government lose money >
It is easy for Senators to assert that the pas-
sage of this bill would cost the Government
$100,000,000, and then inveigh against the magni-
tude and extravagance of the expenditure; but a
candid and full consideration requires the hill to
be judged by its own provisions, and not by the
loose interpretation of its opponents.
The illustration adopted has been of the oper-
ation of the bill upon one section of the road; but
it would work in the same manner upon any num-
ber that might be built. The principle of the rule
is, that upon eveiy dollar in bonds advanced by
the Government, security will be given by the
