1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
contractors, in the ratio of more than three to 1
one; and that it is for the pecuniary interest of '
the Government that the contractors should fail in '
their contract, as by the failure it woifld acquire
ho much of tho road as had already been con-
structed, and would thus be enabled to enter into
more advantageous contracts for the remainder.
The Government is to be repaid its bonds, with
interest, by the performance of mail service, at a |
rate not to exceed $500 per mile, and by the trans- i
portation of military and naval supplies, troops, i
and seamen, at rates not exceeding, in times of !
peace or war, those which may have heretofore i
been paid for similar service. '•
It may be urged as an objection to this bill,
that the $500 per mile for carrying a daily mail, '
both ways, will add to the expense of tin? Gov- i
ernment in transmitting its mails to the Pacific '
coast. These mails am tmw earned both ways ■
semi-weekly, weekly, semi-monthly, and month- '
ly; not a daily-mail line exists. The annual i
compensation for carrying the rnu.il by the present ,
lines is as follows: 1
Ocean service from NewYoik and New Orleans, '
via Panamn, to Oregon and California, §738,250. ;
Overland mail from San Antonio,Texas, to San ,
Diego, California, §149,800. • ,
This contract expired on the 1st of the piesent,
month, after which the of ^90,668 is to be
paid until the 1st January, 1859; and from that j
time, in consideration of extra services to be per- .
formed in connection with the great ov«.-i land mail
from St. Louis and Memphis, £196,448 per an-
num is to be the remuneration.
Thesearesemi-monthly. Thenwehaveasemi- '
weekly overland mail from Memphis and St.
Louis, via El Paso, to San Francisco, $600,000.
Then we have the weekly route, by overland,
from St. Joseph to Salt Lake, and thence toPla-
cerviHe, ^320,000. !
Then we have the monthly route from Kansas
city, via Albuquerque and i'ejon Pass, to Stock-
ton, £,90,000.
And finally, the semi-monthly route from Nov/
Orleans to Tehuantepec, <250,000.
This sum is for connecting with the Pacific
mail steamships at Ventosa bay; or, if they carry ■
through, on their own account, to San Francisco,
£>288,000. . ;
This great expenditure of £2,200,000, is not
chargeable, to California alone. The ocean steam
lines represent the great commercial interesis,
equally divided between the Atlantic, the Cult ot
Mexico and the Pacific; and the overland mails
manifest the unfinished link of connection m all its
varied forms between the Pacific coa?t and the
noithwestern and southwestern States. In no
more impo«n rig aspect can the great importance and
value ot California to this Confederacy be pieserU-
ed than by the coritcmpl -turn of these numerous
lines of intercommunication between that State ,
and the rest of the Union—girdling the American
eon tine nt at six different point?, pacing over equa-
torial regions, or struggling through the eternal
snows of a northern kmiude.
Sir, the inconsiderable and feeble poli'ical influ-
ence of a single Slate on tli^ Pacific could never
alone have cav&<d the ostabli^hm-nu of tn^se ex-
pensive mail routes; but the statesmen charged
with the administration of the Government were
compelled to listen to and meet the demands cd
the commercial Sv.tes of the Atlantic and the Gulf
cf Mexico; and thu stock-raising and agricultural
States of theiN'orthwestand Southwest to have ti :e
mads carried by these great highways to the
Paeme.
And, sir, I cannot refrain from saying to the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Masux,] that when,
as he intimates, the effort shall bo made to «epa-
;ate California from the rest of the Union, if -she
insist that the Government shall aid in building
th.s road as the po nule condition of her leir.am-
w<* in the Oo.ifederyoy, these same sovereign and
poweiful States which have demanded of this
Government the expendituie of millions oi doihus
annually in the mail ser\ice to the Pacific^im-
perfi ct as it is, wiilfraternally gruup urouiuiGah-
1'oi'iiia and hid hoi remain among them.
Coming back to the question whether the rate
of >">;!;) p'i- mile for a daily mail each v.vy, as
ptowdrd for in thi> bill, is an exhorbitant allow-
it will he perceived that the expense of
if the railroad is con-
perce
thOf c mai
Btructed, vTill be diminished at least a million
dollars annually. Not only this, but they will \\
[ be carried daily instead of semi-weekly, weekly, !'
semi-monthly, and monthly, as at present, and j
, in one fourth of the time required for the present •;
; transit. I will hereafter show that the saving to jj
j the Government in the military transportation ;!
j will be infinitely greater than in the postal ser- ;
I vice, while the efficiency in both will be increased j
| a hundred fold. j
j Having demonstrated, as I conceive,.that under j
I the provisions of this bill, the Government will i
| never be called on to advance its credit for one j
| dollar to aid in the construction of the road with- i
j out treble security, and that, in case the road ;
; should be built, while rendering increased and 1
; more efficient postal and military service, it will'
f save millions annually to the national Treasury; j
I nowproposeto consider whether the prospective jj
: advantages that will result from its construction !
: will compensate the Government for its land ;
■ grant. j
| In the progress and maturity of a nation, there :
! is a gradual system of growth,and development |
j for which its statesmen should make timely and j
I ample preparation. It is a matter of pride with j
; us to contemplate the present expansion of the b
I Republic, but let us not be forgetful of the cause Ji
j and means of our greatness. Accident has not jj
I em doped us in the splendid reality of the present.
| Chance did not plant the seeds of our national
| prosperity, nor has it guided us along the path
! of empire. If we have extended our boundaries j
| beyond the Mississippi, it is not because a blind
! caprice has led us there to track the buffalo in his '1
j wilds; and if in our progress we have crossed the •'
j Ilocky Mountains, it is not because our advon- .1
1 turous pioneers had discovered the golden wealth
! sparkling in the bosom of California; but we must
| trace the cause to the great statesmen, who in the >
| infancy of our political existence, framed with \
! planettuy symmetry our form of government, and j
i inaugurate! the policy m its administration which !j
has lesuiteu in our presentgreatness. Occupying |
a narrow strio of the North American comment, i
. bounded by the lakes and the Alieghanies, the ']
population not gieater than that of the State of ;
New York at present, they created a nation, and
; gave it the significant name of United States of ij
Jimenca, thus manifesting the spirit with which ,i
! they legarded a future, when the distinction of f
a northern and southern America should be ob- \ \
, hterated under the expanding influences of the ' |
■ admirable system of government they called into ,
existence. From the Declaration of Indeoend- :
ence, and the adoption of the Constitution, that >
policy has prevailed in eves y st^p we have taken.
' The first was to obtain the free navigation of the ■
Mississippi river, and extend the boundaries of j
! the Republic to the Gulf of Mexico; and hence
: Louisiana and Florida were purchased, and Texas
annexed. The next step was to extend our west-
, ern boundary to the Pacific Ocean.
i As early as January, 1S03, Mr. Jefferson, the
greatest of the gieat statesmen who favored this
policy, called the attention of Congress to theex-
: pidieuey of examining the vast country west of ,
1 the Mi/?is&ipni, and frontmgon the Pacific ocean.
Cone*ess gave its approval by authorizing the ■
expedition of L'-wi? and Clark to explore regions
w!n"ie we had no territorial rights, but which the
statesmen of that day pi rceived must necessarily
belong to us in ih-_ future. In 1^35, General Jack-
sun offered Mexico $5,000,000 for a line cf bouud--
aw between the two Ilepuohcs thjt would em-
brace the bay of San Franciseo within our limits;
and in IOt.4, Mi. Calhoun, then Secretary of
State, renewed 'he oiici. increasing me sum to
■ There was one question during the
Mexican war upon, winch ail partn s eg.c-'d, and
that w;n th it it should not close without the ces-
sion of California to the linittd Suites. Indeed,
i have little hesitation m saying that no Admin-
, istration would have dared to make a tiaity ot
! peace without incorpoiatmg California mto the
' Union. What gold could not purchase, we ac-
! quiicd by the sword. The Russians have a prov-
erb that the road fiom St. Peteisbaigh to Parts is
by the way of Constantinople. Our road to Cai-
■ ifonna was by the city of Mexico, and so impa-
: tiern W' re we in securing thatgreat prize, that we
spent but a brief space of time on our way. When
again (if ever) we shall reach the halls of the
■ Muniezumas m our course of empire, we may _
'■'< tarry there for a longer period. I
Thus, Mt. President, in the fifty-ninth year
after the adoption of the Constitution, we reached
the second great era in the development of our
country. H has taken ua but little more than
half a century to make ours an ocean-bound Re-
public, eastward and westward-, and who can teH
where the flight of our eagles shall be stayed to-
ward the Arctic and Antarctic before the close of
the yet unconaumed century!
Our fathers sought this expansion of our limits
in order that we might derive all the advantages
that would result from an unrivaled geographical
position. They have passed away, and we a suc-
ceeding generation find ourselves in the posses-
sion or the vast empire which they projected but
never enjoyed. What shall we do with it? The
honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr. MaEjOn]
says that we shall do nothing with it, und " ..
sooner than give the aid of the Government.irrthe •' '
construction of a railroad which is jnd'fspensaMs ,
to cement the Republic and make us one people,"V
lie will permit the Pacific coast fo be.'fos} t.o,--thig '
Confederacy. His language- was; so emphatic,
and his declarations so extraordinary and start-
ling, that I might be accused' of misrepresenting
him unless I use his own words. - In the discus-
sion of this question, during the last-sessiop,-Ije'"
said: ~ 1V
" But if tiic Senator [Mr. Gwin] mcans-tp present tliis -
alternative, that we mu&t either part with California -or
eiian^e and destroy the fabric of tin's Government in order
tu fimld a railroad tu cunnect with lljeiii, with every regret
to pait with the country of the lionoiable Senator, I should
be constrained to pay it mitet go."
Does this bill " change and destroy the fabric
of this Government" by simply proposing to au-
thorize the President to contract for the transpor-
tation of the mails and munitions of war by rail-
way to California? The Senator from Virginia
cannot successfully contend that this proposition
in unconstitutional, for that question has been
settled by a weight of authority not to be re-
sisted. Then how does it change and destroy the
fabric of the Government? The Constitution,
which is the Government, is unimpaired and un-
touched, as full of vigor and vitality, to carry into
effect this law, as any other that has been passed
by Congress since the Constitution was formed.
Then where is the danger? It must be the ex-
pense which the Senator imagines the Govern-
ment will incur if this bill passes. I have, as I
think, demonstrated that the Government ad-
vances no money that will not be amply secured.
But does the Senator count the value of this
Union by the amount of dollars and cents that
must be necessarily expended to give security and
protection to all parts of the Republic m time of
, war? I hope not. Let the Senator permit me'to
remain in the belief that he would not, even for
■ hundreds of millions of dollars, be willing to see
; our flag hauled down on the Pacific, and six hun-
' dred thousand American citizens become aliens
I to this Republic.
: Is the value of California to this Union to be
estimated by dollars and cents? If in order to
! obtain the passage of laws necessary for her de-
! velopment and protection, we are required to
! provfe that we give more than we receive, that we
■ are no burden to this Government, it would be
no difficult task to perform. We are loyal to the
Union, we know its value, and we feel a patriotic
pride ill being one of Us integral parts. We are
as loval and devoted to it, as were the thirteen
colonies to the Biitish crown, when George
Washington roue by the side of General Brad-
dock in his advance upon Fort Duquesne; and
sir, will this august body, by neglect and injus-
t.ce, produce the same change in us as was man-
ifested by the thirteen eolomes toward the British
Crown, as illustrated by the same patriot Wash-
ington, when he received the sword of'Cornwallis
atVorktown?
Profane history presents no parallel to the pol-
icy indicated by the hoiioi able Senator from Vir-
ginia in regard to the acquisition of California.
Yet there is an illustratidn of it to be found in the
sacred volume, where the unfaithful servant, af-
ter reeei vino a talent of gold, buried it in the earth,
and there left it unproductive, fur which he mer-
ited and received the sharp reproof of his master.
We are the successors of the great statesmen
and founders of the Republic, wlio inaugurated
the policy which has enlarged our boundaries and
made us one of the most prosperous and power-
ful nations on the globe. In order to be on a
