52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
level with our great responsibility to the past, to
the present, and to the future, we must place
ourselves far above the ephemeral questions of
the day, petty local and sectional prejudices, and
enfeebling abstractions that would favor a war
that gave us an empire, and lose that empire un-
der the delusion that giving it military protection
and promoting its prosperity would impair the
fair "fabric of our Government."
Our first and great duty is, by providing the
most rapid means of intercommunication between
its extremes, to consolidate the Republic. We
know not when our country may be precipitated
into a foreign war; and if, with a great naval
power, the result must be disastrous, and the prize
—the only material result of the expenditure of
§200,000,000 in the Mexican war—now in our
peaceful possession, be exposed to fearful peril.
How could we keep open communication with
California in case of such a war? The transit
routes of Panama, Nicaragua, and Tehauntepec,
and every American jjort on the Pacific coast,
if the nation with which we were at war had
a more powerful and efficient navy than ours,
would be blockaded. All our present overland
routes are insecure; and it was but the other day
that one of our own Territories, through which
the most traveled of the routes passes, was in
open revolt against the Government. That I may
not be considered as overrating the difficulties
and dangers of our position, in order to gain sup- I
port to this measure, I will quote an authority 1
that will commend itself to the members of this j
body. I read from the report of the late Secre- j
tary of War, now a Senator from Mississippi, :
[Mr. Davis.] In commenting upon the Pacific
railroad surveys, he says:
" The facts developed by these s-urveys, added to other
Information which we possess, >*u<™<;sUome considerations
of gieat interest, with icgurd to our t<'i ritoiy on tin; I\ieille.
They exhibit it as <i narrow slope of an avi.'i;i«f width of
less than one hundred and fifty miles of cultivable hind, :
skirting the ocean for a distance of one thousand miles,
rich in those mineral productions which aie tempting even
beyond their value, and which would be most readily mined
to the use of an invader; drained by two rivers of wide-
spread branches, and with sea-port*? lying so directly upon
the ocean that a hostile fleet could commence an attack
upon any one of them within a few hours after being des-
cried from land ; or, if tortilied against attack, so lew m
numbt-'i that comparatively few nhips would oullicc to block-
ade them.
"This territoiy J3 not more remote from the pnncipnl
European States than from tbo.se parts of our own country
whence it would derive its* military supplies, and some of
those States have colonies and possessions on the Pacific
which would greatly facilitate their operations against it.
With these advantages, and those which the attacking foice
always has, of choice of tune and place, an enemy po-^e^s-
inga considerable military marine could, with comparative-
ly little cost to hm^elf, s-ubject us tocnoi moils expenses. 111
giving to our Pacific liontici that piotection which it it  the
duty of the Geneial Government to afford. ,
In the fiist yeais of a war with any great maritime
Power, the communication by sea could noj he relied upon
for tho transportation of supplies from the Atlantic to the
States. Our naval peace establishment would not furnish
adequate convoys for the number o( sloiohip- which it I
would be necff^ary to employ; and storohips alone, laden ]
with supplies, could not undcitake a voyage of twenty !
thousand miles, passing numcious neuual poih-, vvheie an ,
enemy's armed ve-&eh, even ot the smallest size, might he :
in wait to uiteieept them. I
u The only line ol communication, then, would he over- ■
lard; and by tins it would be impracticable, with any 1
means heietofore used, to furnish the amount of supplx** j
mrjuin'd for the defense of the Pacific frontier. At the j
picserit pi ices over the best part of this route, the expense ;
of land transpoitation alone, for tho annual t-upphes of
provisions clothing, camp equipage, and ammunition for
such an aimy as it would be ne<essary to maintain there,
would exceed $20,000,000; and to maintain troops, and
carry on defensive opeiations under those eneuin^tances,
the expense per man would be six times greater than it is
now; the land transpoitation of each field twelve-pounder,
with adue supply oi ammunition tor one year, would cost
,"12,500; of each twenty-four pounder and ammunition,
$•9,000, and of a sea-eoa«t gun and ammunition, ."512,000.
The tianspoitation ot ammunition for a year for one thou-
sand sea-coabt guns would cost #10,000,000. J">ut the ex-
pense oftranspoi ration would be vastly increased by a w;u ;
and at the lates that were paid on tho northern frontier
during the hist war with Great Britain, the above estimates
would be trebled. The time ipquucd for the ovei land jour-
ney would be from four to six months. In point ot tact,
howcvei, supplies for «uch an army could not be trans-
ported asrobs the continent. On the arid and barren belts
to be crossed, the. limited quantities of water and grass
would soon be exhausted by the numerous diaught ani-
mals lequtred for heavy trains, and over such distances
forage could not be carried for their subsistence.
"On the other hand, the enemy would send out his sup-
plies at from one seventh to one twentieth the aboverates,
and in less time—perhaps in one fouith the time—if he
should obtain command of the isthmus routes.
" Any reliance, therefore, upon furnishing that part of our
frontier with means of defense from the Atlantic and inte-
riot States, after the commencement of hostilities, would
be vain; and the next resource would be to accumulate
there such amount of stores and supplies as would suffice
during the continuance of the contest, or until we could
obtain command of the sea. Assigning but a moderate limit
to this period, the expense wouicl yet be enormous. The
fortifications, depots, and store-houses, would necessarily
be on the largest scale, and the cost of placing supplies
there for five years would amount to nearly one hundred
million dollars.
" In many respects the cost during peace would be equiv-
alent to that during war. The perishable character of many
articles would render it perhaps impracticable to put pro-
visions in depot for such a length of time ; and in any ca*e,
there would be deterioration amounting to some million dol-
lars per year.
" These considerations, and others of a strictly military
chtiiacter, cause the Department to examine with interest
all projects pioinising the accomplishment of a l ail road
communication between the navigable waters of the Mis-
sissippi and those of the Pacific ocean. As military opera-
tions depend in a greatei degree upon rapidity and certainty
of movement than upon any other circumstance, the intro-
duction of railway transportation has greatly improved the
means of defending oui Atlantic and inland frontiers ; and
to give us a sense of security from attack upon the most ex-
posed portion of our territory, it is requisite that the facility
of railroad tian>poitation should be extended to the Pacific
coast. Wore such a road completed, our Pacific coast, m
lieu of being furthei removed m time,andless aceessihleto
U3 than to an enemy, would be brought within a lew days of
easy communication, and the co^t of supplying an army
there, instead of being many times greater to us thantohnn,
would be about equal. Wc would be ichevedof the neces-
sity of accumulating large supplies on that coast, to waste,
peihaps', through long yeais of peace; and we could feel
entire confidence that, let war come when and with whom
it mav, before a hostile expedition could reach that exposed
frontier, an ample force could be placed there to repel any
attempt at invasion "
For more than seven years my humble efforts
have been exerted to induce the Government to
aid in this important work. I have told you that
every year's delay was dangerous; and that the
time of' peace and prosperity could not be more
fitly employed than in devising some plan, and
vigorously prosecuting it, to connect the Missis- \
sippi valley and the Pacific by lailroad. But my '
counsels have fallen upon heedless ears; and even ,
the friends of the measure have said, we can wait. ;
And what is the result? Does any Senator be- j
have that if this road had been commenced—I will j
not say finished, but reasonably advanced—out* j
army would have spent last winter in the snowy |
gorges of the mountains in front of Echo Canon;
or that during the last spring, from every pari of
the country, flushing bayonets would have been
concentrating upon rebellious Utah? Before the
1st of July next, our expenditmes, on account of
the Mormon difficulties, will have approached, if
they do not equal, the $25,000,000 it is proposed
by this bill to loan the contractors to build the !
road; every dollar of which would have been saved
by its commencement and vigorous prosecution
in 1853.
There is another reflection forced upon us.
Spread over the immense territory through which i
this road will puss, roam at least two hundred
thousand wild Indians, who are always ready to
commence hostilities. The history of our country
shows, that, as our frontier settlements approach 1
their hunting grounds, wars of extermination
have raged. If these wild natives of the plains
were to break out into open and undisguised war-
fare, twenty thousand troops could not guaranty
protection to these frontier settlements, and keep
open the overland communication with the Pa-
cific; whilst the expenditure in money would !
reach astounding figures. As the result of the
building of this road, strong and numerous settle- !
men is would be formed along its line and branches,
which, m connection with the rapid movement of
a few troops, would overawe and keep the Indians
quiet. 1 beg Senators to reflect that we have not
yet paid for one campaign of volunteers in Oregon
and Washington Territories, which, by the re-
port of our own Army officers, amounts to more
than five million dollars; and the expense of this
year m the same Temtories, in suppressing In-
dian hostilities by the regular Army, will fall but j
little, if any? short of that sum. ;
In addiesbing the Senate upon this subject in i
1853, among other evidences indicating this to be j
the age of gigantic progress, I called attention to .
the fact that the Emperor of Russia proposed to ;
connect, by a railroad,St. Petersburgh with Odes-
sa, on the Black sea. That enlightened and ambi-
tious monarch projected this scheme as a means
of assuring the integrity and advancing the great-
ness of his empire. Its execution was postponed,
although none doubted its wisdom. It was ad-
mitted that the road was necessary; that, in the
language of the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Ma-
son] in reference to the Pacific railroad, it was
"a desideratumand what was the result of
delay? W4ien Nicholas stretched forth his hand
to pluck the prize coveted for generations by his
ancestors and threw his gauntlet in the face of
Europe, for the want of this railroad he was forced
by England and Prance to abandon liis advance
upon Constantinople and repel the invasion of his
ojvn territory on the Black sea. Although vic-
torious, the allied army was decimated by its
battles with the splendid armies of Russia and the
rigors of a Crimean winter. Possessed of a line
of easy and rapid communication by sea, the allies
poured in constant reinforcements to replenish
their exhausted legions. But how different was
thecondition of Russia? Possessed of anyamount
of physical force, with armies thoroughly organ-
ized and equipped, she was unable to render them
effective for the want of a rapid line of communi-
cation.
Such were the difficulties in supplying the Rus-
sian army, that though within a few hundred
miles of the Ukraine, the granary of the world,
absolute want frequently checked its operations.
Immense sums of money were expended by the
Emperor to transport supplies for the garrisons
and protecting army of Sebastopol; yet the ex-
penses, losses, and difficulties were such, that the
allies were able to purchase supplies in New York,
and even Chicago, and transport them to the Black
sea at less cost, and with more certainty and dis-
patch, than the Russians could transport by land
their provisions from the interior, a distance of
only a few hundred miles.
The present Emperor has learned wisdom from
the lesson taught his predecessor, and has con-
tracted with private parties for the construction of
railroads from Moscow to the Black sea, and
from the same point to all the important outposts
of the Empire, guarantying five per cent, divi-
dends upon the capital invested. The Russian
Government has learned from disastrous experi-
ence its vulnerable points, and it is covering them
in such a manner that when again, if ever, the
Emperor marches his armies upon Constantino-
ple, the combined world in arms cannot stop his
progress. By the delay in constructing this rail-
road from Moscow to Odessa, the power and pm-
tige of Russia was broken in the late war, and the
golden prize that glittered on the banks of the
Bosphorus lost, perhaps forever. An ingenious
author has written a work describing what might
have happened, if certain great events had trans-
pired otherwise than as they really did. He has
speculated, among other things, as to how changed
the destiny of Europe would have been if Napoleon
had won the battle of Waterloo. But, sir, that
contingency sinks into insignificance by the side
of the great events that would have transpired in
the last few years, if St. Petersburgh and Sebas-
topol had been connected by raihoad. The Black
sea would have become a Russian lake, and the
Dardanelles a Mediterranean Cronstadt.
We are indebted to good fortune and not states-
manship that we have not as well as Russia paid
the penalty of inactivity. It was a probable event
when an English Minister was dismissed from
Washington, that the same fleets which blockaded
Sebastopol would have sailed for San Francisco.
Nor is it rash to speculate on the contingencies of
war between the United States and Great Bntain
or France. The points of contact are numerous.
Commercial interests clash more than the pur-
suits of ambition, and we have greater cause of
rivalry, with one or both of these great Powers,
than Russia ever had. In 1850, profound peace
prevailed throughout Europe, and nothing short
of insanity would have predicted the great war
that is but recently closed. Yet, sir, in that short
space of time the peace of the world has been
broken, fierce wars have raged, great battles have
been fought, again succeeded by peace, and the
great allies who warred side by side on the shores
of the Black sea, now regard each other mena-
cingly across the British channel. Allthesegreat
events have transpired in less than ten years; and
who can tell what a like period may bring to us.
Let us gather wisdom from the disasters of Rus-
sia, and profit by the lesson which the late rebel-
lion in Utah has taught us. and no longer post-
pone the commencement of this great work,which,
when completed, will relieve us from the perils,
not only of foreign aggression, but of domestic
insurrection and intestine wars.
