1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
doubt, if we go on in this laudable spirit of econ-
omy, we shall be able to reduce the general ap-
propriations $20,000 or $30,000, at least, and pos-
sibly delude somebody into the belief that we
really do wish to reduce the Government expend-
itures to something like reasonable dimensions.
It is in that view that I have moved this amend-
ment to strike out this item for "picket ropes;"
and I have no doulft it will do much to assist gen-
tlemen of this House—gentlemen both oh the
other side and on this side of the House—in ac-
complishing what they say they so ardently de-
sire. [Laughter.]
I suppose gentlemen will wish to discuss this
amendment; and if it were in my power, how-
ever, in committee, to call the previous question
on the amendment, I should certainly do it, in
order to save time and expense.
Mr. REAGAN. I only desire to say that if the
gentleman has thrown but little light on the sub-
ject of his amendment, he has certainly given us a
pretty strong illustration of his want of knowl-
edge of frontier life.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not pretend to any
great knowledge of frontier life.
Mr. REAGAN. Or of the necessity of mounted
troops in the frontier service?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly not. And does
the gentleman consider that any knowledge of the
subject of the expenses of the Army is necessary
to discuss, most volubly, the question of econ-
omy in this committee ? [Laughter.] He sur-
prises me.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. One of the argu-
ments that have been resorted to in opposition to
the efforts of the friends of a sound and healthy
reform in the expenditures of the Government,
has been sneers and satire, the smile of contempt.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 must call my friend from
Virginia to order. He is not opposing my amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly I am,
because I do not think the gentleman wants it
carried.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will give the gentleman
the ropes if he needs them, leaving to the proverb
to decide the use to be made of them.
Mr. SMITH, of Viiginia. The gentleman does
not seem to understand the ropes. But, sir, I
am opposed to his amendment. I am in favor of
giving rope, if not for the benefit of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, for the beneiit of those who
need it.
Mr. FAULKNER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Strike out "$500,000" in the seventy-eighth
line, and insert" §450,000; "so that the paragraph,
as amended, would make a reduction of $50,000
in addition to the $57,000 already stricken off
from the estimate by the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. Chairman, I will state very briefly, for I
desire not to consume the time of the committee,
the object of the Committee on Military Affairs
in proposing to cutdown this appropriation. "VVe
propose a reduction in the number of the labor-
ers and employes in the quartermaster's depart-
ment. That Department has now in its employ-
ment upwards of four thousand employes and
laborers; and we propose to indicate, by this re-
duction of the appropriation, our opinion ffiat the
number of laborers and employes is too great,
and should be diminished. We should have pro-
posed a larger reduction from the estimates, if the
Committee of Ways and Means had not, m the
bill reported by them, made areduction of §57,000
from the estimates of the Department.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia merely
for the purpose of explanation. I call attention
to the explanation of the Quartermaster General
of this item. He says:
" The item toi incidental expenses is .$57,000 more than
the apptoprumou for the present year. A small pmt of that
incrtucc aii.^us from the expenses of the interment of otfi-
ceis of tin; Aum, being, b> the present regulations, dis-
able to tins item of ttie quartermaster's department; torm-
erlv, when alloweil.lt all, the expemhtuies were charged
to the contiiu'enciosof the Army. It was only undei very
peculiar circumstances, however, that they were ever al-
lowed. But the pimeipal increase arises flora the great m-
ciease of laborers, guides, lnterptetois, &e., remlejod ne-
cc^san'm tlio operations the Indians. liiis item
w ill be seen to be contingent in almost all of its particulars;
and the chance is that every dollat will be required.
The Committee of Ways and Means concluded
to reduce the estimates of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, as furnished by the Secretary of War. The
estimates furnished to the committee for this item,
amounted to $557,000. We reduced the amount
to $500,000, which is the amount embraced in the
bill. 1 desire to reduce the expenses of the Army
to the lowest amount that it can be supported
with in an efficient manner, and I merely make
this explanation for the purpose of giving the
reasons which actuated the Committee of Ways
and Means in the course which they have pur-
sued. If the House are of the opinion that this
item will bear the reduction proposed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, I most assuredly shall
acquiesce in that decision.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to
move to reduce the appropriation to $400,000. If
gentlemen will only look at this item and the mul-
titude of subjects to which it refers, they will see
at once the large margin there is for a reduction.
If they will look at the reduced price of labor all
over the country, how the prices of labor of every
description have been cut down, they cannot fail
to see that if the Government will apply the same
principle of reduction which is applied to every
branch of private industry, there is a very large
margin for bringing down this item to $400,000.
I would like to know why it is that the Govern-
ment should pay $1 50 a day for labor, when indi-
viduals only pay seventy-five cents a day for the
same labor? For one, I protest against it. Here,
sir, the Government pays to laborers at least
twenty-five per cent, more than individuals pay
for the same service; and then if a toe or a knee
is hurt, they call upon the Government to pay
$500 for the doctor's bill. I insist upon it that
$400,000 is a sufficient amount to expend for this
purpose, and therefore hope the appropriation
will be reduced to that amount.
Mr. CURTIS. I regret to see the disposition
evinced here to break the Army down, yhe ex-
ecutive department of the Government must ne-
cessarily be intrusted with discretionary power.
We must have our laws executed, too; and we
must have an Army to do it. I know of no Gov-
ernment on the face of the earth that has not a
power like this to keep up its executive depart-
ment; and those who attempt to break down the
Army desire, at the same time, I fear, to pros-
trate the whole civil power of the Government.
You must have an Army just as you must have a
police in this city, in order to coerce the execu-
tion of the laws.
Now, in regard to the quartermaster's depart-
ment, there is no branch of the Government where,
! from the nature of things, there is greater neces-.
I sity for some discretionary power. There must
| be celerity and promptness of action. We, of
i course, are obliged to give ita large margin. The
Committee on Military Affairs has presented cer-
I tain reforms and reductions. Tfiey are for the
: purpose of indicating to this bureau of the War
j! Department that it shall be economical. We have
! I heard of officers transporting wagon loads of water
j' for the purpose of being used in a country where
j { water was plenty, but not because they preferred
j rain water. It is such extravagance that we want
| to check. We do not want to paralyze the whole
i Army. We only indicate here, through the chan-
i nel of the House, that we wish to check this ex-
\ travagance:and we show how it can be restrained.
| I would not go any further than the Committee
j on Military Affairs have proposed. We do not
S wish to destroy the Army, of course, of which
i we are in part the representatives.
1 Nov/, in reference to the particular points here,
! I do not conceive men, as a general rule, receive
rations at an exorbitant and extiaordmary price,
I where there i an opportunity of purchasing at
i fair rates; but there are exceptions—general ex-
I ceptions; and it is the duty of the executive de-
! partment, and the heads of Departments, to pre-
l vent it. At the proper time, I will move some
■ amendments.
| Mr. LE1TER demanded tellers on the amemt-
| ment.
I Tellers were not ordered.
i The amendment to the amendment was re-
j jected.
; Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to tnoveanamend-
| meat to the amendment. It is as follows: .
| jproeutei, That the amount of tins appiopnation beloty
the estimates shall be deducted from the amount appropri-
ated for pay of laborers m the quartermaster's ,
ment. ^ ..."
Mr. FAULKNER. I accept that amendment,
as it describes the object v^iich the committee
have in view in the reduction of the |50,000.pro-
posed to be stricken from the bill,- ... • ,.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Reforemy
colleague accepts that amendment, permit, me*-to
make an observation or two. . The rate at which
the laborers shall be paid is a rnatteresttmated by-
law, and .the amendment of my colleague.from
Ohio does not seem to me to reach the point tljat.
he desires to attain. It does not prevent the Bttir
ployment of as many laborers as the quarter-
master may think proper. You say he shall
select the amount deducted from the amount ap-
propriated for the hire of laborers. Now, siry
there is no amount appropriated for the hire of
laborers.
Mr. PENDLETON. Yes, sir, there is an
amount appropriated for the hire oflaborers.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. There is no
amount.
Mr. PENDLETON. There is a detailed esti-
mate made somewhere.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman's investigation has been more accurate
than mine, and I would like to know whether he,
or the chairmai^of the Committee of Ways and
Means, or the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, can tell the House how much is.
estimated for the separate item of laborers. Itis
tothesethingsthatlobject. They comefrom your
Departments in gross; and the legislation of this
country is not intelligent, because these items, a
dozen and fifteen, are sent here lumped together.
The Quartermaster General, although you may
cut down this itetn to $450,000, may retrench in
a department where you do not demand any re-
trenchment, and expend in a department which
does demand reform. And you give lnm a loose
rein.
The proper mode to reach reforms in this busi-
ness is to have an itemized account from your
Departments, and, when you make your appro-
priations, to know and to say to what item every
dollar is to be applied. But these estimates are
piled upon us year after year, and they creep up
$5,000, $10,000, $15,000, $20,000, $30,000, and
so on, in the separate items, above the estimates
of the preceding year. Hence it is, that the ap-
propriations in the quartermaster's department
have grown from two or threo^million to eight
or ten million; and when you look at the items,
even as they are furnished to us, you see that they
are based on expenditures of preceding years.
These estimates are growing, have grown, and
will continue to grow, till the Representatives of
the people conclude to take the ground which I
suggest to them, of requiring from the Depart-
ments an itemized account, showing how much
goes to each particular item. You may have to
alter the rules of the House, and let your com-
mittees bring in measures of reform connected
with the appropriation bills, or with the laws on
which they are founded. Now, as to the very
item that we are discussing, what general head
does it come under? Why, under the general
head of" incidental expenses of the quartermas-
ter's department, $500,000;" and no man in the
House, or Congress, or oil the Committee of
Ways and Means, or on the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, can make head or tail out of it, or
give us any intelligible explanation of it. But
that makes a clean breast of it, and tells the stoiy
I1 to the country that we are here, the Representa-
|] tives of the people, voting this $500,000, and not
|J a man 111 the House able to make head or tan out
■ i of it.
!! [Here the hammer fell.]
'i The question was taken on Mr. r aulkneei &
' amendment as modified, and it was agreed to.
i Mr. HUGHES." I move to amend by striking
i! out the whole section.
,! Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
!j tion of order. - We have passed that point, and a
1 portion ofthe matter proposed to be stricken out
<i has been already passed upon.
:| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
j| the amendment to be to strike out the paragraph
on which the committee is engaged. The amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. STANTON. It is certainly not in order
