1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
The SPEAKER. Not yet.
Mr. SICKLES.- I wish to make a suggestion.
I understand the fact to be,.and I think the very-
article upon which this resolution is based rec-
ognizes this fact, that this' charge amounts in
substance to this: that a man who wrote a letter
one year ago making a statement, to-day makes
an affidavit that his letter was false. I say that
no charge upon that man's testimony ought to be
entertained or tolerated for one moment.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion,
taking the preamble and resolution together, that
they involve the privileges of the House.
Mr. BONHAM. I submit to the gentleman
from Ohio that it is an act of justice to that com-
mittee that he should state the name of the mem-
ber referred to. With the name stated, I am in
favor of the resolution.
Mr. NICHOLS. I submit the resolution in
good faith. The name of the member is not in the
article upon which the resolution is based; but a
committee of this House is specified. 1 do not
know the name of the member referred to; and
how could I know it? It relates to the organiza-
tion of this House. The gentleman from South
Carolina will see at a glance that it is the subjret
of investigation. I think that it is due to the
House that the subject should be examined into.
That is the view 1 take of it. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and, under the opera-,
tion thereof, the resolution was adopted.
The pieamble was then adopted.
Mr. NiCX-lOLS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to rcconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I ask unanimous
consent to take up Senate resolution No. 79, in
relation to the printing of the Senate and House
of Representatives.
There was no objection.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask unanimous
consent that there be a night session, with the
restriction that it shall be for debate alone.
Objection was made.
MESSAGE FROM TUB PRESIDENT.
A niessnge, in writing, was received fiom the
President of the United Slates, by J. li. Henry,
his Private Secretary, which was handed in at tlie
Speakci *s table.
Also, a message notifying the House that he
did this day approve and sign bills and a joint res-
olution of the following tides:
An act for the relief of Mary Boyle;
An act for the fehef of A. Baudouin and A. D.
Robert;
An act for the relief of Monroe D. Downs;
An act for the relief of Evelina Poiter, widow
of the late Commodore David Porter, of the Uni-
ted States Navy;
An act for the relief of Dinah Minnis;
An act for the relief of Wright Fore; i!
An act for the relief of Rebecca M. Bowden, of j|
Prince George county, "Virginia; j:
An act for ihe relief of the Mobile and Ohio jj
Railroad Company; ;j
An act for the relief of William Yearwood, sr.; ,j
and - :\
A joint resolution to authorize the Secretary of' j
the Treasury to sell a certain plat of land in the j|
city of Petersburg, Virginia, belonging to the |j
United States. I
And then, on motion of Mr. RUFFIN, the '
House (at half past four o 'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 19, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. C. H, Sjonestreet.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. MASON, 1 wish to say a word about the
Journal. Unless I heard it wrongly read, it
seemed to me it did not recite that the Senate ad-
journed upon a motion made by the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] to postpone all prior
business with a view to consider the bill indicated
in the President's message. It seems to me that,
as the Journal was read, it appeared from it that
the Senate adjourned on my motion to refer the
President's message. I ask the Secretary to read
that portion of the Journal again.
The Secretary read.as follows:
u The message was read.
u On motion by Mr. Mason,
" Ordered, That it be printed.
"On motion by Mr. Mason, that it be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations,
After debate,
" On motion by Mr. Seward that the Senate adjourn.
" It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 28, nays] l."
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Louisiana
superseded my motion to refer the message, by a
motion to postpone the prior orders, with a view
to consider the bill which the message indicated;
and that was the question before the Senate when
the Senate adjourned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present occu-
pant was not at that time in the chair; but he un-
derstood that the motion which is entered on the
Journal was made by the Senator from Virginia,
and that a suggestion was made by the Senator
from Louisiana; buta motion to that effect would
hardly have been in order while the motion of the
Senator from Virginia was pending, unless he
yielded for that purpose.
Mr. MASON. That may be; but I know the
motion was made.
Mr. REID. I will state that, during the con-
sideration of the Private Calendar, a message wag
received from the President, which was read by
general consent. A debate ensued upon that mes-
sage in regard to the reference of it. I believe the
Senator from Virginia moved that the message be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Pending that motion, the Senator from Louisiana
moved to postpone all prior orders for the purpose
of taking up Senate bill No. 500; and that was the
pending question when the Senate adjourned.
Thi! VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Louisiana?
Mr. REID. Yes, sir; his motion was pond-
ing.
• Mr. MASON. I think this was the exact pos-
ture of things—and I ask the attention of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, as he was the occupant
of the chair: by general consent, the message was
road; a debate sprang up on it; 1 moved to refer
it to the Committee on Foreign Relations; and
then some other Senator interposed, and sug-
gested that the whole debate was outof order, be-
cause, the message having been read, the general
consent had expired; and, in order to retain the
subject before the Senate, the Senator from Lou-
isiana moved to postpone all prior orders. I think
that was the fact
Mr. REID. The Chair, after the debate had
proceeded for a while, stated that he did not con-
sider it strictly in order; and 1 have a perfect recol-
lection of recognizing the Senator from Louisiana,
and having a distinct understanding in my own
mind that his motion was under consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT, That being the
case, the Chair, unless some motion be made, will
direct oil entry to he made of the motion of the
Senator from Louisiana, to postpone the question
then before the Senate, with a view to take up
that bill, as being the motion pending when the
Senate adjourned.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, m compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, copies of the reports of the commis-
sioner under the act of June 14, 1858, making
appropriations to supply deficiencies for the In-
dian soivice for 1858; which, on motion of Mr..
Stuart, was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. H.UNTER presented a petition of citizens
of Richmond, Virginia, praying an increa^fe of
the pay of the officers of (he Navy; which was
referred to the/Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of citizens
of Kansas and Nebraska, praying the passage of
an act for the extension of the base line between
those Territories, and the second standard par-
allel north and south of the same, west to the
western boundaries of those Territories; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom were referred the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
664) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, I860,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and the amendments of the House of Represent-
atives to other amendments of the Senate to'that
bill, to ask that the Senate disagree to the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
amendments of the Senate, insist upon its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives, and ask a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Mr. FITCH. One of those amendments, upon
which there is disagreement between the two
Houses, is relative to the transfer of the Indian
bureau to the War Department, is it not?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir; that is one of them.
Mr. FITCH. Instead of insisting and asking
a conference, I would -much rather that the Sen-
ate should recede.
Mr. HUNTER. There are a good many
amendments, and the Senate could not act on all
of them here.
Mr. FITCH. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the Senate insist on its amend-
ments, disagree to the amendments of the House,
and ask a committee of conferencc.
The motion was agreed to; and the Vice Pres-
ident appointed Mr. Pearce, Mr. Sebastian, and
Mr.'Bell, the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate.
LAND ENTRIES AT LEAVENWORTH.
Mr. WADE. There is a bill on the Calendar
which I hope the Senate will consider now. Par-
ties enteied certain lands and have paid for them
to the Government, but are not able to make their
title on account of a mistake. 1 wish to correct
that; and for that purpose I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up the bill S. No.
551, and permit it to pass.
Mr. POLK. Are not petitions in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks unanimous consent to take up the bill
for particular reasons.
Mr. WADE. It will not take a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 551) legalizing certain entries of
land on Leavenworth Island, in the State of Mis-
souri.
It provides that the lands*lying in the State of
Missouri, embraced within the island opposite
Leavenworth City, known as Leavenworth Isl-
and, heretofore entered at ICickapoo, in the Del-
aware land district of Kansas Territory, shall be
declared valid entries, in the same manner as if
made in the proper land district of Missouri.
Mr. GREEN. I think there should be some
qualification to that bill. I am not aware how
far it will affect private rights. I desire that it
may not affect them.
Mr. STUART. I can state to the Senator, and
to the Senate, that the bill was.examined by the
Committee on Public Lands, with a letter from
the Commissioner of the Land Office, saving that
there are no opposing claims. The only question
is this: These lands were surveyed as being in
Kansas; they were en'ered as being in Kansas;
supposed to be so not only by the parties who
entered the lands, but by the Interior Department.
Subsequently, it has been decided that the island
is, in fact, in Missouri. There is no dispute about
the claim. It has been very thoroughly consid-
ered, and I do not think there can be any objec-
tion to it.
Mr. GREEN. I will move to append this
slight amendment to the bill:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shaU be con-
strued to afTect'exisuii? rights.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to. .
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in; §md the bili
