56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IB,
arising from the construction of this road, I am
lost in amazement that it should find a single op-
ponent in an American Congress. Is it in the
American Capitol and in an American Congress
that we shall strike down such great American in-
terests, and by uur votes give such a fatal suprem-
acy to British interests and progress over our
own ? If there ever was an American question,
it is this. If there ever was an enterprise in which
the people of our country were united and en-
thusiastic, it is this. They appreciate and under-
stand this question in all its great and compre-
hensive consequenccs. If their irresistible voice
could be heard upon this floor, it would silence
the pettyjealousies of sections, and demand now,
without a further delay, that this road should be
commenced and prosecuted to its successful com-
pletion. The delay even of a year, or of a single
session, may be fraught with the most disastrous
consequences. If England precedes us in this
great work, she may withhold from us large
amounts of capital, and embarrass or destroy the
prosecution of the road, if hereafter commenced.
If we begin now with vigor and energy, hers may
never be constructed; or, if it is, it will have been
preceded by ours, and the commerce of the world
will then have grooved itself into this great chan-
nel, stretching from ocean to ocean within our
limits.
To the whole country it is the most important
question that has evur been considered in the Con-
gress of the United States; but to California, and
the other great States arising on the Pacific, it is
a question of life or death. By your refusal to
build this road you isolate them forever from the
rest of the Union. You place them more remote
from you, in time and distance, than all of Europe
and many portions of the Asiatic continent. You
call them States, but you withhold fiom them all
that communion of commerce and intercoui«e
which binds together the other portions of this
great Confederacy. You fail to defend thorn in
case of foreign war, and you withhold from them
all the advantages of foreign and domestic tran-
quillity. By your injustice you hold out to them
the most fearful temptations to disloyalty and dis-
affection. You assail the stability of the Union
in its most exposed and vital parts. Devoted as
that people now are, and ever have been, to this
Union, you hold out to them inducements to sep-
aration, by isolation and non-mtr.rcourse, such
as never failed to produce disintegration in any
other country, anu such as it is unpardonable to
present to any portion of the people of this coun-
try. On the other hand, proceed at once to the
construction of this road, and your mighty em-
pire on the Pacific will be linked to the valley of
the Mississippi and the Atlantic by the ever-
strengthening and ever-enduring bonds of com-
merce, of intercourse, and of affection. The great
patriots of our country, at three successive pe-
riods of danger, by the united voice of the nation,
are handed down to immortality as thrice having
saved the Union. But if this Congress shall paws
a law that will insure the commencement of this
great work, in the presentand all suceeodmgages,
and on the pnge of history, it will be hailed with
ever-increasing gratitude as having placed the
Union beyond the possibility of danger or dis-
aster.
Mr. MASON. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until to-mor-
row, witli a view to go into executive session.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
PRINTING OF BILLS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I find, in regard to the spe-
cial orders to which I referred in a previous part
of the day, that there are no copies of the resolu-
tions and bills, now existing, to be distributed
among Senators; and 1 move to take them up,
simply for the purpose of having them printed m
a consolidated form. They wercoriginallyprinted
distinctly. I move that they be printed together.
I move that the joint resolution directing the pre-
sentation of a medal to Commodore Hiram Pauld-
ing, and the various other cognate resolutions and
bills, be token up together, simply for the purpose
of having them printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now move that they be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move now to take up the
bill (S. No. 104) to prohibit the issue of bank notes
by corporations, associations, or individuals,
within the District of Columbia, and further to
prevent the circulation of bank notes issued by
any incorporated company or association of indi-
viduals located beyond the limits of the District
t)f Columbia of a less denomination than fifty dol-
lars, with a similar object. The report of the se-
lect committee on the District banks embodies a
good many facts in detail. I find that there are
no copies of it remaining on file, and I move that
the bill and the report of the select committee be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I give notice that, as soon as
the Pacific railroad bill shall be disposed of, I
shall move to proceed to the consideration of those
bills.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the report of the
select committee on the Pacific railroad, and the
amendments which were submitted to the bill, be
ai-so printed for the use of the Senate. Members
now are not able to get access to them.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following oider, which was submitted by Mr.
Bigler on the 6th instant:
Onlciedj That twenty thousand additional copies of the
message and accompanying documents be punted for the
use of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several executive messages were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. J.
Buchanan Henry, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of exective business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December J3, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. W. H. Chapman.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE WATROUS.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the resolutions submitted by the two branches of
the Committee on the Judiciary; on which Mr.
Joiin Cochrane was entitled to the floor.
Mi. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker, I
have apptoachcd the question of the impeachment
of Judge Watrous with a great deal of caution;
i have dt liberated carefully, I hope, upon the evi-
dence; I have listened, too, with a desire to come
to a safe conclusion, to every argument which has
been advanced on each side, both for and against
him; and I think, sir, that I am duly prepared to
announce the full and deliberate convictions of
my own mind upon a subject of conceded import-
ance.
An individual occupying a seat upon the bench
of one of our Federal courts is arraigned before
this House, not for trial, but for accusation. We,
as the House of Representatives, under our con-
stitutional obligations, are asked not to acquit or
convict, but to say whether the gentleman, con-
cerning whose transactions evidence has been
furnished to us, should be put upon a trial, the
result of which must be acquittal or conviction.
Now, sir, the position has been taken by the
gentleman most nearly concerned, (John C. Wat-
rous,) that there is no allegation specified; no proof
upon which a constitutional impeachment can be
based; that the crime or misdemeanor of which,
if any, he has been guilty, is not within the purview
of the Constitution; and, consequently, that this
House must drop its proceeding and refuse its res-
olution of impeachment. For the instruction of the
House, and in justice to the judge, I will read from
his memorial, supplemental to his answer, what,
in that respect, bears on this point. He says, at
page 3:
" It would appear, also, that the acts of official malfea-
sance, lor which the special and additional punishment by
impeachment exists, are such only as are also punishable
by tiie oidinaiy laws of the land. To that effect is tlie ex-
pre&s language of the Constitution—1 treason, bribeiy, and
other high crimcs and misdemeanors., The same conclu-
sion is deducible fiom the lact that the party convicted oa
impeachmenti shall nevertheless be liable and subject to
indictment, trial, and punishment, accoiding to law.' In-
deed, any other conclusion would involve the assumption,
which can by no possibility be admitted, that arbitrary pun-
ishment for offenses undefined, may exist in a system of
constitutional government like that of the United States."
Sir, I cannot agree to give my assent to this
process of reasoning. That it is specious and plau-
sible, is true; but that it is utterly untenable, the
House has but to refer for an instant to the lan-
guage of tire Constitution itself:
" The President, Viee President, and al! civil officers of
the United States, shall be removed fiom office on impeach-
ment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other high
crimes or misdemeanors."
Not "and misdemeanors." Now, who will
claim that the language of the Constitution is to
be limited, cribbed, and confined to a construction
depending on the technicalities of a profession,
even though that profession be the high and hon-
orable profession ofthe law ?" Itis to be construed
by the high and generous standard of general
usage, to be construedby the meaning which men
of all professions attach to language. The mean-
ing is not to be imparted to it through legal tech-
nicality that confines it to crimes indictable by
| the statute-book. It is "misdemeanor," in the
general sense of language. Misdemeanor is mal-
feasance, or misfeasance. Misfeasance, malfea-
sance, and misdemeanor, are nothing more than
ill behavior, misconduct. Says Blackstone:
" Crimes and misdemeanors are mere synonymous terms;
but in common usas>e the word crime is made to denote
oifenses of a deeper and more atrocious dye ; while small
faults and omissions of less consequence are comprised
under the gentler name of misdemeanors
It is such misdemeanors as to which we are to
inquire. It was upon such misdemeanors that
the House impeached Judge Peck when the in-
quiry was whether he had oppressively used the
I process of his court. It was such misdemeanors
into which the House inquired in the case of Judge
Pickering, where the misconduct charged related
to a ruling from the bench upon points affecting
property. And it is as to such misdemeanors that
we are to inquire here; not whether Judge Wat-
rous has committed an offense against the stat-
utes of Texas, or the statutes of any other State
of the Union, but whether he has offended against
the dignity of the people of these United States;
whether he has transgressed the grave obligations
of the office which he holds; whether he has soiled
the purity of the ermine wit h which he is invested;
whether, as a judge clothed with an official char-
acter, requiring exemption from suspicion, he is
suspected? Sir, that it has been suspected is most
ti uc; that there is cause for that suspicion is equally
true.
Sir, Judge Watrous has taken another position
in his memorial. It is but justice to him and to
his friends that that position should be biiefly ex-
amined. He says:
" The llo'i.'e of Representatives, therefore, ^t is humbly
submitted, is not to content itself with inquiring if ihere be
probable cause of accusation ; it is not to proceed ex parte;
ltjs to investigate the bioad question of guilt or innocence."
I crave from the members of this House their
careful attention; for, upon this point, an unac-
countable, though perhaps a natural, confusion
exists. The general rule prevails that probable
cause alone need be shown before a committing
tnbunal, in order to hold a party for trial; and the
position taken by the defense, m this case, that
the rule of evidence applicable to it requires that
there shall be sufficient strength of testimony to
produce upon the mind conviction of actual guilt,
is a false position, both as a legal and as a general •
proposition. It cannot be enteitained, it cannot
be supported, for an instant.
It has been said that this is not a court of in-
quest. Why, sir, what then is it? Is it not our
duty to make inquiry concerning these allegations?
Is not this House to inform itself m regard to the
truth of certain reports—not inquiring whether an
accusation has been made, but for facts to determ-
ine whether an accusation shall be made? There
can be no accusation until this House shall have
passed upon these inquiries. When we shall have
affirmed the resolution of impeachment, we shall
then have preferred an accusation against Judge
Watrous, and not until then. He is not now ac-
cused. It is true, he is suspected; but, upon that
suspicion, he cannot be tried, and for the simple
