1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
to perform before the termination °f the war, and that the
whole numbei of the regular Army could not be less than,
38,186.
Somewhat after the &ame inanndV wc ascertain that the
navai force encaged during the war will average 15,194,
and the mainie'corps 2,652, for one year, making together,
17.846
From reliable official data, it appears that of the large
militia force engaged duimg the; war, the whole number of
those who scive'a twelve months or more, was 7.147.
Making the whole number who served for the longest pe-
riod required by the bill. 63,179.
The number who served les-« than twelve months, but as
much as wx months, was 6S.32J.
The number who have served less than six, but as mueli
as three months., w 125,643. But there were 125.307. the
precise duiation of whose service is not known, only that
it was between one and three months. It is reasonable, I
think, to suppose that one third of these served as muc4i as
sixiy dfiys>. On tins* hypothesis, the number who were in
service lef-s than six months, but as much as sixty days, was
about JG7,412.
There were also 147,200 whose duration of seivire is
known to have been less than one month, and to which
number we must add the lemaimng two thuds of those who
served between one and three mrtntlis, making in all 230,738
whose service being less ihau Mxty d.ijs, will not be enti-
tled to the benefits of the proposed law, unless they were
engaged m battle.
From the facts derived from the operations under the
various bounty Kind law?, and an examination of the most
approved tnblcs of mortnlity, U is supposed that of those
who served in that wai of 1812, three eighths arc now liv-
ing. It is assumed thatof tho^e who have since died, uvo-
thifds were married men, and that of thct-e one-half left
widow*.
From these data and hvpotheMs we conclude that there
are: 23,692 surviving soldier, and 4,936 widows; in all,
28,628 person^ who would be entitled to pei^fons of $96
per annum, making .$2,7ib,288; 2-1,871 soldier-, and 5,181
widows, making30,052 persons at $75 per annum, making |
$2,9o3,9QU; 62.'79 sohiiers, arid 13,079 widows, m all j
75,858 persons, at $50 pel annum, amounting to $3,792,000, !
making the annual amount which will be leqnircd to pay i
these ihree of Hie ioui classes of pensions provided for by ]
the bill, $8,795,088 I
If the piesentngesof all these peisons aveiage sixty-eight
years, their expectation of life, that i-s, the average dura-
tion, oi mean length of all their live*, is ten >oais. The
Bum involved in the bill Ironi the piesent turn1 therefore,
$87,950.880. ' j
But the pensions are to commence from the 4th day of j
March, 1657, and wo must, to tins sum, add the amount '
that would aeeriiffiom that peiiod to the present, namely;
$!5,59M04, making in all about ^103,312.284; about!
$29,316,960 of which would be liable to be expended prior :
to the clo^eof the ensuing fi-ealyear,and which would now '
have to be provided toi,m addition to theevpensesihcidout i
to the v,i«*t maehineiy neeessaiy in the execution oi so j
coiYipieliensiVc: lows. i
The fotnth class of beriefieiane*? consists of those who '
weie engaged in battle ; but it i> utteilv impossible to toun ;
any ^ausiaetory estimate ot their number. do fai a* those :
known.or supposed to lin\ e served twelve mouths aiecon- !
cermsd, it, is inimateiial whether (hoy were in battle oi not, 1
because the) would only he entitled*to the same amountol •
pension.
Km there aie30,051 whose pension^ ate calculated in the !
foregoing estimate ai seventy live dollars each, and 75,80^ :
who-,e pensions were caleulated at littv dollars each, and ,
iu=>t so many its were engaged in battle will be entitled to >
twenty one dollars and fony six dollais more. j
There were al-o 230,738 not embraced ni the forego-
ing estimate at .ill, because the duration of their &<*ivioe is ■
supposed to have been less than *ixty days, but who, if en f
gaged in battle, will each be entitled to pensions tor life,at j
the rate of riiuety-si\ dollais per annum. j
It is believed that a laigor number of the militia and vol-
unteer who participated m the numerous engagements i
with the enemy dumig the war ot 3812, weie called jnto !
service on the sudden emergent y of the occasion, and Idt I
it «:oon alter, an*!. eMisequeiuly that this fouith class of
pensioners, who would not otherwise come within the pio i
vinous ol the hill, will he quite niinieious and that the !
amount required to pay them will greatly augment the huge j
sum already reached; but should the proposed hi.I become ,
a law, and its practical operation dneovei in Una estimate 1
similar eriois to those known lo have been committed l>y !
those who estimated the extent of the act of June 7, 1S3J,
belore us pa—age, the total amount above staled would be i
quadrupled; and whatassmance does human icasonoi the j
experience ot the past give, that it will not he ? J
J t will he observed that the effect ot this bill is to continue I
the pensions that may be allowed to toldier* now livmc, to 1
then widows wiienihey shall heieafter become su^h, as j
well as to giant pen-ions to tho>?e who sue now widows. I
It is impossible to estimate the additional amoun! which j
will ultimately haveto be paid to this class, but judging 1
from the opeiaiion of the acts for the relief ot widows j
of revolutionary soldiers, it will be by no means ineon- i
sidciable. i
The present annual expense of the several agcncies is j
about $24,000. The passage ol the piopo^ed lull would cio- j
ate so huge a number of pensioner tlnoughoiu the several |
States and Territories, as to d'*rnand the ei nation of many |
new agencics, and ( should think the expend oi maintain- |
ing them might, and probably would, go up to about ."$200,000 {
per annum. {
It is not easy to say to what extent the ciencal force of '
tin-bureau could be increased with advantage, in the event I
ol the proposed bill becoming a law. I presume, however, '
it could be doubled ; but the inciease in the contingent ex- 1
penses of the office would be in a laigc proportion. The 1
present expense of the regular force of this office and eon- j
tmgencies is about $135,01.0 per annum. The additional 1
expenses consequent upon doubling the ciencal force,in- |
cludmy office rem, printing, &c., would not be less than I
§150.UUO per annum for some yeats to eome. !j
specific
On the whole, I should say, in answer to the
(questions of the committee of the Senate, that:
1. The amount it would be necessary to appropuate at
the present session would be about §29,760.710.
2 That the aveiage sum annually requisite thereaftei
would be about $8,800,000 (or ten years.
3. That the aggregate sum neeessaiyto extinguish all
claims that mav be pieierred under the bill will not be less
than $-103,000,000.
4. Tint the merease in the clerical force of tire office will
be about double the present "number, and the expense of
such increase, including contingencies and the compensa-
tion of agents for paytng'pensions, about $355,000 per an-
num.
I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,
GEORGE C. WHITING,
Commissioner.
Hon. J. Thompson', Secretary of the Intei ior.  
The committee think (bp Commissioner's esti-
mates are well sustained by the facts presented
by him, upon which they arc based, and that'ex-
perience will probably prove them to be below the
actual expenditure, should this bill become a law.
They are fortified in this opinion by the past
experience of the Pension Office—of which two
striking examples are presented by the Commis-
sioner, and many others mightbe found—and by
the further facta that his estimates do not embrace
those engaged in the Indian wars, provided for in
the bill, or the 230,738 soldiers who are supposed
to have served less than sixty days, many of
whom may have been in a battle, and thereby en-
tilled to the largest amount of pension granted to
any class by tins bill.
Neither does he make any allowance for pen-
sions that may be fraudulently obtained, which,
if equal in proportion to those obtained under
fot ivht pension laws, would conai-deiably increase
his estimates.
But, granting- th/U his estimates fully equal the
amount that would be required by the bill, it ap-
pears that the aggregate sunt necessary to be ap-
propriated at this session of Congress to pfty pen-
sions accruing for three years, (beginning 4th
March, 1857, and ending 4th March, I860,) and
to pay additional pension agents and cleiks in the
pension bureau, will be $30,115,370; the average
annual sum lequiiedfor nine yeats theieaftcr wi II
be *>9,155,000, making the aggregate for those
nine years ^82,395,000; and the grand aggregate
to be expended under this bill, for the sake of4
soldiers and their widows, will be $112,510,710.
The question necessarily occurs to the mind of
any one acquainted with the present condition of
the Treasury and resources of the Government,
how is this large.amount of money to be raised '
The indebtedness of the Government now amounts
to frG5,000,000; its revenues fall below Us ordi-
nal y expendumus, and there is no substantial
giound for the hope of realizing, under the pres-
ent taufT and from the public, lands, during the
next ten years, a surplus beyond the average or-
dinary expenditure of the last live years sufficient
to discharge adebt of $112,510,710. The means
to discharge the obligations assumed by this bill,
if it become a law, must be derived from increased
j taxation, or from loans obtained on the credit of
j the Government. The committee are not pre-
i pared to recommend a lesoit to either of those
i modes of -providing money to be bestowed in
gratuitous pensions. They trust (hat a large ma-
jority of those who might share this bounty
would themselves oppose such an increase of
taxation.
The committee cannot yield the slightest cre-
dence to the assertion, that we must either pen-
sion our volunteers or support a standing army
large enough for any emergency. Our people are
not, and it is devoutly hoped never will become,
so depraved and so insensible to their country's
honor, pride, and glory, as not to rally to her
standard upon any appeal save thatof avarice or
cupidity. Indeed, they do not believe that there
are many of the. soldiers of the war of 1812, who
demand, or desire, or stand in need, of the bounty
of the Government. They did not engage in that
war like foreign mercenaries, for pay and pillage,
butfor the defense of their firesides and the rights,
the interests, and the honor of their country. Yet
they have been already paid for their services,
and have lecpived moie than was promised or
they expected. They received more monthly pay
and far better rations, clothing, and equipment
than the soldiers of the Revolution. All such
soldiers or I heir widows have teceived liberal
giants of the public lands—those disabled by
wounds or diseases contracted in the line of mil-
c' I
itary duty, and, where they have died of such
wounds or diseases, their widows, have received
pensions upon application and proof of their claims
upon the Government.
The committee cannot concede that all who
volunteer in their country's service in warareen-
titled to pensions; or in other words, that citi-
zen-soldiers have a right to claim the bounty of
their Government because they have defended it,
and thereby discharged aduty demanded of them
by self-love as well as patriotism, and by private
as well as public honor. Such a sentiment tends
to demoralize the soldier, to weaken the Govern-
ment, and to oppress the tax-payers with heavy
exactions. In the opinion of the committee, this
bill rests only upon that sentiment; for it em-
braces not only the invalid and the indigent, but
the able-bodied and the rich; not only those who
suffered for the sake of their country, but those
whoincuired no peril and endured no privation
or injury; not only those who faced and fought
the enemy "like brave men, long and well," but
those who, with shameful dismay, fled at the first
sight of his standards and sound of his artillery.
If the principles of this bill can be maintained,
they see no reason for excluding all soldiers of
all subsequent wars from the bounty of the Gov-
ernment. Those who served m any of our In-
dian wais or in the war with Mexico, have the
same claims upon the public justice, generosity,
and charity. And the consequence of pensioning
ail who serve their country-in time of w r would
be to render taxation so oppressive that the peo-
ple might well begin to consider whether the
Government was not more burdensome than ben-
eficial, and the insults and injuries of foreign
nations more tolerable than the cost of resistance
ox redress.
The committee cannot forbear to add, that the
pension system has already grown far beyond the
intentions or expectations of us original founders.
It would be in teres'Ing and profitable,to trace its
gradual increase, from small beginnings, and to
show how the different and successive classes of
public stipendiaries have been created •, but it may
suflico to say, that, in the early days of the Re-
public, it was thought the Government discharged
its entire duty to its soldiers when it provided for
those who were disabled in its service, and could
not provide for themselves. Only the invalid and
the indigent were pensioned. Then those who
were blessed with sound bodies and sufficient
property to supply the necessaries of life, either
disdained to ask pensions, or were refused them.
The persistent and too successful efforts, during
the last quarter of this century, to enlarge the
system so as to embrace all who have rendered
any military service, and their widows and chil-
dren, admonish us to retrace our steps, rather than
advance, and, in the future to confine the boun-
ties of the Government to those who, in its ser-
vice, have lost their ability to take care of them-
selves, and are dependent upon public or private
charity for their subsistence.
In conclusion, the committee think this bill
inexpedient and unwise, whether considered m
relation to those who must bear us buidens in
taxation, or may enjoy us bounties in pensions.
They have, therefore, instructed me to report ad-
versely, and to lecommend that the Senate do not
pass the bill.
Mr. FITCH. This matter is second in money
importance to no proposition winch has been be-
fore the Senate at this session. I move that the
repuit, with the accompanying letter of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, be printed.
Mr. CLAY. I suppose the Senate are as well
prepared to vote on it as they will be after it is
printed, j therefore move that the Senate concur
m the report of the committee. I will not tres-
pass on the attention of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to the consideration
of it to-day. 1 ask for the consideration of the
motion of the honorable Senator from Indiana,
that the report and communication from the Com-
missioner of Pensions be printed. •
Mr. JONES, i want to amend that motion. I
move that five thousand extra copies be printed.
If the Senate knew how many letters 1 had re-
ceived on this subject from people all over the
United States, they would be satisfied that I ought
to have some copies of the report. My friend
