1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
from Ohio suggests ten thousand. I think ten
thousand would be better.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to print
the extra numbers goes to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. JONES. I am aware of that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. -The other motion
is to print the usual number of copies of the re-
port for the Senate.
• The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. Cannot the question be taken
on printing the extra number, by unanimous con-
Bent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to taking the vote of the Senate on the motion to
print the extra numbers?
Mr. KINO. I think there is no necessity for
it. It had better go to the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
male, it will go to the Committee on Printing.
MECHANICAL PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. PITCH. There is upon the table a joint
resolution in relation to limiting, hereafter, the
printing of the mechanical portion of the Patent
Office report. I tru.st the Senate will adopt it at
once. It will be a very'great reformation in that
matter, which is going on increasing from year to
year.
Mr. SHIELDS. Before the Senator from In-
diana presses that motion, I hope he will let me
offer a resolution.
Mr. PITCH. This joint resolution will lead
to no debate. It will be adopted nem. con. as
soon as it is read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair feels
bound to call for reports, under the order of the
Senate.
SAMUEL A. FAIRCHILDS.
Mr. WARD. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 445) for the relief of Samuel A.
Fairchilds, have had the same under considera-
tion, and instruct me to report it back and recom-
mend its passage. I ask the courtesy of the Sen-
ate for. only a t'e^ minutes, as the bill is very
short, and has been examined carefully-, to have
action on it now..
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee Of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which propej^es to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to audit and settle the accounts
of Samuel A. Fairchilds, for expenses and ser-
vices in arresting and bringing to trial certain per-
sons charged with robbing the mails of the United |
States, and to pay whatever sum Fairchilds may j
show, by proper evidence, he expended in arrest-
ing and securing the parties and delivering them
to the authorities of the Unired States; also, to
pay him a fair compensation for his services in
the premises; but the whole amount paid under
this bill is not to exceed the sum of $802 50.
Mr. WARD. The bill,as will be seen by the
reading of it, is for services rendered by a sheriff
in bringing to justice certain robbers of the Uni-
ted States mails. He pursued them very dili-
gently, as I was told by the mail agent, and did
more service than is usually performed in such
Cases. The bill lefers the settlement of the ac-
counts to the proper Department, when the proper
vouchers are presented and the proper showing
made..
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make a priv-
ileged motion. Yesterday a resolution passed the
Senate ordering the publication of five thousand
extra copies of the Coast Survey report. I move
to recotibider that vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 594)
for the relief of Mrs. A. E. Childs; svluch was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
ARMAMENT OF MOUNTED TROOPS.
Mr. LANE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is hereby,
requested to furnish the Senate with information as to what
changes have been proposed m the armament of the United
States mounted troops. with a view to economy and in-
creased efficiency of that force on the frontiers; an es-
timate of the additional expense, ?f any ; and the means
provided, or necessary to be provided, for paying the same.
STEVENS'S PACIFIC RAILROAD REPORT.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the resolution suspending the printinj: of
Governor Stevens's lepoit of exploration* and surveys of a
railroad route fiom the Miobistippi to the Pacific, be re-
scinded.
TESTIMONIALS TO AMERICAN OFFICERS.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senate to act on
the joint resolution—which wilt lead to no dis-
cussion; if it does, I will give way immediately—
authorizing Captains Sands and Hudson to re-
ceive certain testimonials. It can get through the
House, probably, if it be passed now. It is the
Senate joint resolution No. 58.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope that will be allowed
to lie over. Let us see whether the Senate are
disposed to take up the appropriation bill or not.
Mr. MALLORY. I make the motion. If it
gives rise to debate, I will withdraw it.
Mr. PUGH. I think these gentlemen can wait
another session for their medals. I object to its
consideration. We have more important busi-
ness.
Mr. MALLORY*. T make the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is not
in order at this time.
REGISTER TO A VESSEL.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to allow me to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice has not been given. It is
simply to issue a register to avessel. The vessel
is now lying up. It will not take three minutes,
and I hope.it will be allowed to be presented and
passed.
There being no objection, leave was granted;
and the bill (S. No. 5J6) to authorize t}ie enroll-
ment, registry, and license of certain steamboats
or vessels owned by the Buffalo and Lake Huron
Railroad Company, was read twice by its title.
Mr. PUGH. I object to the passage of the bill.
I have no objection to its reference.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator will not
object. .
Mr. PUGH. I must do so. I objected to my
friend from Florida. I think we ought to have a
vote on something.  .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot be read fuither to-day.
Mr. PUGH. Let it go to the Committee on
Commerce. ' ,
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me state to the Senator
that I offered the bill with the approval of the Sen-
ate Committee on Commerce. 1 am authorized
by that committee to offer it.
Mr. PUGH. Then 1 have no objection.
"Mr. EIGLER. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will allow the bill to pass.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill, which directs that cer-
tificates of enrollment, registry, and license, shall
issue'for any American built steamboats or ves-
sels now owned, or hereafter to be owned, by the
Buffalo and Lake Huron Railroad Company, a jj bill
corporation created under and by virtue of the
laws of the State of New York, in the name oi
that company, its president and secretary taking
the oath required by the fourth section of the act
of March 3, 1825; but nothing in this act is to be
construed to prevent the oath required by that
section of that act from being taken by the presi-
dent or secretary of the company, by reason oi
any personal disability or otherwise.
i The bill was reported to the Senate without
1 amendment, ordered to be engrossed tor a third
1 reading, read the third time, and passed.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
orders'and take up the homestead bill.
Mr. HUN VER. I believe I had the floor, un-
less there has been a resolution to supersede me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There were many
Senators on the floor, and the Chair recognized
the Senator from Ohio,
Mr. WADE. I hope this bill will not Consume
any time. Indeed, I hope the friends of the bill
will make no speeches upon^the subject. My de-
sire is to consume no time, butto bring the Senate
to a fair vote upon this bill. I do not think any
light can be thrown'upon it by debate, so as to
change a single vote, because it is an old measure,
well understood by everybody. I 6sk the yeas
and nays upon my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I b iieve that if the Senator
succeeds and gets up the homestead bill, and these
other measures are pushed as it seems iikely they
will be, there will tie no chance"of preveritmgan
extra session. How is it possible that we can pass
the appropriation bills in the time that will be
left to us after this matter is disposed of, and
these other questions which are before us, and to
which the Senate seems disposed at all times to
give consideratio'n ? It is for the Senate to con-
sider whether they will run the risk of an extra
session for the purpose of taking up favorite
measures. I do not see how it is expected to be
possible that we can pas^ all such measures as this
without any debate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I believe I am classed among
the friends of the homestead bill; and I hope those
who feel most particularly interested in that sub-
ject, will not take it unfriendly if I do not vote
with them on this occasion. I am satisfied it will
be a saving of time to allow the chairman of the
Committee on Finance to take up and act on the
appropriation bills. Being a member of the Com-
mitteemen Finance, I feel it my duty to sustain
him in his very laudable efforts to do so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. In consequence
of the remarks of the Senator from Indiana, I'
desire to know whether the Senate will^ consent,
after ihe unfinished appropriation bill is"disposed
of, to take up the homestead bill and give it a fair
vote. Can we have an understanding of thatsor.t?
Mr. SLIDELL. There can be no understand-
mg.
! Mr. BRIGHT. Of course, I can only answer
| for myself. I feel that it is a dftty incumbent
, upon me to sustain my chairman in his efforts to
dispose of the bill he has reported. .After that, I
I shall vote with the Senator fr#m Tennessee to
: take up the homestead bill.
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
I Senator from Indiana will feel it incumbent on
| him to help us to pass this measure. It can be
j disposed of in a few minutes. It has been con-
' sidered for a number of years; the public mind
{ has been made up on it; and there is not a Sena-
| tor here whose mind is not made up and who can-
1 not vote without much consumption of time.
I Mr. BELL. I have paired off with the hon-
; orable Senator from .Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,]
S who would vote against this motion if he were
! here.
j The question being taken by yeas and nays,
j resulted—yeas 24, nays 31; as follows:
1( YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Chandler. Qtark, Collamer,
l! Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Hale, Hamlin,
i. Harlan. Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, King, Prah, Kiee,
" Seward, Shields, Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and
^NAYsT— Messrs. Allen, Bates, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler,.
Bii«ht, Brown, Chesnut. Clay, Ciingman, Ciittenden, Ua-
vis, Fitchi Fitzpatrck, Gieen, Hammond, Houston, Hun-
ter Iverson. Kennedy. Mallory, Mason Pearce Polk, Reid,
Sebastian, Slnleil, Smith, Toombs, Ward, and Vulee—Ji.
So the Senate-refused to take up the homestead
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
; by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
1 Sneaker had signed the following enrolled bl Is, •
j which thereupon received the signature ot the
■ Vice President: , .
i A bill (S. No. 177) to confirm to the heirs or
| assigns of Bernardo Sequi, title to lands in East
i F A biU (H. R. No. 218) for the relief of the cap-
j tors of the British brig Caledonia, m the war ot
i A'bill (H. R. No. 461) granting an invalid pen-
! sion to John Lee, of the State of Maine;
A bill (H. R- No. 524) for the relief of Francis
CaAbill (H. R. No. 525) for the relief of Robin-
son Gammon;
A bill (H. R. No. 526) for the relief of Fred-
erick Smith;
