1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
a party to the arrangement by which this title was
purchased, with the intention of instituting suits
to dispossess those occupants. If gentlemen will
refer to the common-law definition, they will find
that champcrty is nothing more or less than buy-
ing the rights of parties with a view to subse-
quent litigation. This purchase by Judge Wat-
rous and his associates was a champerty arrange-
ment. The transaction was wrong in itself; it
was one which would have been punishable as a
criminal offense under the common law of Eng-
land.
But, sir, it may be that in the States of this
Union it is not such an offense; it may be that
no penalty is attached to the fact of being en-
gaged in such a transaction; but I hold it to be
immoral in any man, and especially for a man
holding a high judicial position, to purchase, un-
der these circumstances, for the paltry consider-
ation of $7,000, a title under which a recovery of
property which the purchasers believed to be
worth $300,000 was to be had against actual pos-
sessors. If they succeed, it will indeed enrich
them; but how? By rendering destitute scores
of families, driving them from their homes, and
stripping them of possessions which they have
peaceably enjoyed for years, and which they had
a right to consider theirs, and which would have
been theirs, but for the conduct of these persons,
who, taking advantage of their knowledge of facts
not known to the former holders of the title or to
the common mass of the people, for the purpose
of enriching themselves. Sir, I am one of those
who believe that transactions of this character
me in opposition to good morals, and injurious
to the best interests of the country.
But, sir, I will now look at it in another aspect.!
If tins were a transaction which was right in itself;
if this were a transaction in which an ordinaiy
man could engage without stain, without subject-
ing himself to moral censure, it is a transaction
in which a judge, placed upon the bench, has no
right to enter. What is the position of a judge?
We is set apart for the discharge of judicialfunc-
tions; he is a priest appointed to minister in the
sacred temple of justice; he is to hold the scales
and pass upon the rights which may be brought
into controversy before him. It is his duty to be
impartial; it is his duty to administer the high
functions of his office impartially in every case
which, under the laws and the Constitution, may
with propriety be brought before him by any cit-
izens of the Republic, or which may be brought
against any citizen of the Republic. When he
goes upon the bench, theie is an obligation as-
sumed by him that he will discharge the duties
of his office faithfully; that he will lemain in such
a position that he may try the cases which may
miso within the territorial limits of the district for
which he is appointed. I hold that when ajudge
has once taken ins seat upon the bunch, that
obligation exists, that it is imperative upon lum.
It may bt  true, that while an uiduiary citizen he
may engage m this and that transaction. But if
he becomes ajudge; if he takes his seat upon the
bench, this right is surrendered so far that he has
no right to engage m any transactions which may
be likely to embarrass his mind in the cases be'-
fore him, or have the effect of imposing a burden
not contemplated by the law upon any citizen liv-
ing within hisdistnct. If Judge Watrous hadnot
engaged in that transaction, tne defendants in the
Lapsley case would have been entitled to a trial
of their causes before his tribunal; entitled to have
the questions of fact arising in them passed upon
by a jury of the vicinage.
Tins judge, by his acts in the pursuit of gain, !
after he went upon the bench, rendered that mi- j
possible. This judge, by his act, after he went i
upon the bench, placed a portion of his fellow-cit- j
izcns, men who had a light to the decision is that .
court at that place, in such a position that the.y j
were compelled to go beiore a tribunal foreign to j
them. That, sir, was one of the causes which led j
our fathers to engage m the revolutionary strug-
gle which severed these provinces from the mother
country. 1 know not what other men may think
upon that subject; but for myself, I am clear that,
under the principles of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, it is the right of this House, if such facts
—facts which produce such results—are brought
to its knowledge, to prefer an accusation in order
that the Senate of the United States, sitting as a
court of impeachment, may determine whether or
not a functionary, who has so engaged in the or-
dinary transactions of life, that a functionary who
has so far forgotten the contract entered into be-
tween him and the people, when he accepted the
judicial office, has not committed an act which is
a cause, and a just cause, for his removal.
What is the position of a judge? What is the
tenure by which he holds his office ? It is during
good behavior. Gentlemen say you cannot re-
move ajudge unless you bring home to him cor-
ruption. In most of the States of this Union,
perhaps in all, in addition to the method of removal
of judges by impeachment, there is another mode
in which the public can get rid of an unfaithful
and unfit judicial officer; that is, they maybe re-
moved by the Governors of the different .States
upon an address of two thirds of both branches
of the Legislature. No such provision existy in
the Constitution of the United States. Here., the
only mode of removal is by impeachment. But
gentlemen say, in order to impeach, you must
have a well-formed, distinct, and recognized of-
fenseagainstaknownlaw. No,sir. In the sense
of the Constitution of the United States, the word
" misdemeanor" means, as the gentleman from
New York [Mr. John Cochrane] well expressed
it, misconduct—anything which is, in its nature,
calculated to render ajudge unfit for the discharge
of his judicial functions; anything which shows
that he has wrested the course of justice, under
the influence of improper motives; anything which
shows that he is incapable of holding the scales
of justice even; anything which shows that by
his conduct he will deprive his fellow-citizens of
their rights, impose improper burdens upon them,
or give advantage to combinations of men who
seek unjust gains at the expense of or to the in-
jury of others.
This is embraced in my view in the word " mis-
demeanor," because the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States does not give to a judge the place for
life; does not give him the right to his office for
any specified length of time, but only so long
as his conduct is right and proper. Upon any
other principle than this, what would be the re-
sult? If you refuse to pass this resolution, what
will be the necessary effect? A judge upon the
bench will be at liberty to enter into every species
of speculation, though such speculations have the
effect of entirely disqualifying him from the trial
of the causes that ought legitimately to come be-
fore him. Individuals who desire to accomplish
the removal of causes from one State where they
apprehend defeat to another where they are as-
sured of success, contrary to the spirit and in-
tention of the Constitution and laws of the United >\
States, will be able to attain that end by making \\
judges parties to their transactions; engaging ;j
them, under the hope of gam, to lend themselves H
to insure or promote the success of speculative j|
schemes, and that, too, by depriving multitudes j!
of individuals of the rights which their fellow-cit- j
izens enjoy, of having the controversies in which il
thev are engaged tried by their own juries, de- }j
cided by their own courts. Such a state of things h
would have the effect of giving extraordinaiy i!
advantages to combinations of intelligent and jj
wealthy men over the poor and ignorant. Men of Jj
small means may well defend their own causes at
home and amoni their own fellows when the pro- '!
cess of the courts is within their reach, and when !i
thecounsel who practice m these courts are known
to themselves or their neighbois, without incur- \\
ring any extraordinary expenditure; but when :!
they are exposed to the danger of being called a h
great distance from home, four, five, or six hun- ji
dred miles, as has happened in this instance, it i
becomes a burden which poveitv cannot bear.
Now, sir, m my view the judicial ermine should
be preserved pure. In my view it is of the most "j
extiemo importance to the people of the United
States that this House should act in such a man- !j
ner as to make if certain that no judge, after he i;
has accepted a seat upon the bench, after he has ;i
become a minister m tne temple of justice, shall
be engaged m any transaction which will be cal-
culated to bias his mind in respect to questions
which may arise before him, or be tempted to
engage in transactions which will necessarily de-
prive those who are ordinarily subjected to his
jurisdiction, of the advantage of having their trials
at home, and subject them to the necessity of
going elsewhere for the adjudication of their cases.
It was not my intention to have spoken thus
long; and I shall therefore now merely say, in
conclusion, that, for myself, such is my convic-
tion as to the danger of failing to visit with proper
condemnation acts of the kind which have been
placed in evidence before us, such is my feeling
as to the duty I owe to the people of Texas, some
of whose citizens have alreadysufferedfrom them,
and others of whom are still exposed to injury
from other acts of the same description; feelings
as to the duty which I owe to the people of other
States who are exposed to the same practice and
the same evils, that I shall vote, heartily vote, for
the resolution of impeachment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, it is proposed
to prefer, at the bar of the Senate, articles of im-
peachment against John Charles Watrous, judge
of the district court of the United States for the
district of Texas. That is a very grave and im-
portant procedure. Judging from the record that
is presented befora^ra, $nd comparing it with the
proceedings in tlSrcases of Judges Chase and
Peck, this impeachment, if it be carried to the
Senate, cannot be completed without occupying
a very large portion of the time of this, the last
session of the present Congress, to the hinderance
of the general legislation of the country, and to
the great detriment of many higher and more im-
portant interests. This, however, is no argument
why Judge Watrous should not be impeached;
but it is a very grave and very weighty consider-
ation, why we should consider well before act-
ing in this regard, whether, in fact, he ought to be
impeached. If we believe, on the examination
of the facts disclosed before us, that he has been
guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors, then it
is our duty to attempt his impeachment; but, if
on our consciences and our personal honor, we
do not believe that he is so guilty, it is equally
our duty to see that he be not impeached.
It has been suggested, by persons apparently
wishing well to the judge, that it would be for
his interest, for his fair fame, and for the support
of his high reputation, that this matter should be
transferred to the Senat«>, and that he should
come out of the ordeal, as they allege they have
full confidence he would, like gold that has been
seven times tried. Considerations of such equiv-
ocal kindness, and considerations growing out
of the clamor of the Texan populace, we are
bound equally to disregard. They ought not to,
and they cannot, justly enter into our considera-
tion of the case. I purpose, in the remarks which
I shall submit to the House, to examine the two
charges that are made against the judge, and to
see whether they sustain the accusation made
against him and require his impeachment.
These two charges are made, as we are told in
the report submitted to us, by one Simon Mus-
sina; he using in the one case the name of his
brother, Jacob Mussina, and in the other that of
a Mr. Eliphas Spencer. The charge contained in
the memorial of Jacob Mussina is substantially
this: that Judge Watrous, either from personal
hatred orfiom a corrupt partiality, sustained a
suit in his court over which he had no jurisdic-
tion; and that he made in it various erroneous
and illegal rulings, every one of which, we are
told, was to the prejudice of the party against
whom he finally decided; that he used his influ-
ence, and used it most unworthily and indirectly,
to prevent an appeal; and that, after ho pronounced
his final decree, he proceeded, without any author-
ity of law, to attach the person of the defendant,
and, failing in that, proceeded to a sequestration
of his property; and moreover, that, when he
attempted an indirect redress in the courts of
the State of Louisiana, and had obtained a ver-
dictand judgment in one of the inferior tribunals,
which had been prosecuted to the supreme court
of that State, Judge Watrous found it convenient
to be secretly and stealthily in the city of New
Orleans, in order that he might corrupt the su-
preme court of Louisiana and induce it to give a
dishonest and erroneous decision; and further-
more, that his conduct was so outrageous that the
Legislature of Texas, by solemn resolution, called
upon him to resign. It is further charged against
him that, in order to prevent men from having
fair trials by juries in the \icmage, he had directed
the marshal of his court not to summon jurors
from that neighborhood, but to go a long dis-
tance and bring jurors from different parts of the
State. These are substantially the charges made
against Judge Watrous, in the memorial which
