62
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
December 13,
comes before us in the name of Jacob Mussina.
It is proper to say, as the House will have seen,
that in the report of the minority recommending
impeachment, only a portion of these charges are
touched, and the rest of them are squinted at very
slightly. The main charge against him rests
elsewhere.
Now, if Judge Watrous wag guilty of the
charge as containecf in that memorial, if he was
the Jeffries he is there represented to have been, it
would be our duty, not only to impeach him, but
to do everything in our power to see that he was
removed from his place, and that the disgrace of
his acts he visited upon him. I understand it to
be our duty to look into the charge, and see
whether we are satisfied it is true—not whether
it is probably true; not whether there may be
ground for suspicion or complaint. So far as we
are concerned here, our action is final and conclu-
sive; not that the case is riot to be tried at the
other end of the Capitol;*bu^fcur action is the
condemnation of this House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what are the facts thatare
disclosed and shown to sustain the charge made
in the memorial of Jacob Mussina? 1 will at-
tempt briefly to recapitulate them. It appears
that certain citizens of Mexico filed a bill on the
chancery side of the circuit court of Texas. They
alleged that they were owners, and had been in
possession, for more than fifty years, of a tract
of land lying in that portion of Texas wluch we
derived under the fifth articlc of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo. They allege that some five
men, citizens of the State of Texas, had obtained
titles that were void—mere colors, pretenses of
title—and had put them on part of that land; that
they had proceeded to lay off a town on paper, ad-
vertised lots for sale, and done other acts of a sim-
ilar character, which would throw a cloud on the
title of these Mexican claimants. And they asked
that the men who were thus operating in specu-
lative titles upon their lands, might be enjoined
from so proceeding; that their titles be declared
void; and that they be forever inhibited from set-
ting up and attempting to assort them. It was a
bilTfiled for the purpose of quitting the titles of
the parties, which, it was alleged, were clearly
valid, and covered lands of which they had been
in possession for nearly, or quite, fifty years.
Now, wo are told very gravely, not only in the
report submitted to us, but in the argument that
has been addressed to us here to-day, that the
case " had no one feature which could give rise to
the slightest pretense of subjecting it to the chan-
cery jurisdiction of the district court." It strikes
me, sir, that that would have been news to Lotd
Eld on or to Mr. Justice Story. Why, sir, I thought
it was an every day's proceeding in a court of
chancery—as I have understood from my reading
and from my practice in that com t—that where a
cloud is thrown over the title to your real estate,
either by forged papers or any other kind of il-
legal title, you may go into the court of chancery
and have such illegal titles declared void, and the
party enjoined forever from attempting to set
them up. That is what was attempted to be done
in this case. And upon the correctness of my
position upon this point I am willing to meet any
gentleman at the proper place, which would not
be here in such a discussion as this.
But we are told that it was not a proper subject
for the jurisdiction of the Kedeidl court, that being
a court of limited jurisdiction, confined to ceitain
particular cases specified in the Constitution. I
believe tbatthejunsdietiou of the Federal courtin
that case can be maintained from the provisions
of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, under which,
as the bill alleges, this territory was broughtinto
the United States, and consequently making it the
duty of the United States, through her legal tri-
bunals, to see tiiat the rights of previous owners
of soil in the territory comprehended within the
provisions of that treaty were properly ascer-
tained and protected. Hut the question has not
been discussed in the House in that view, and I
will not pursue it further. It lias been discussed
with reference to the citizenship of the parties. I
shall not recapitulate the argument; because it has
been presented in such terms that 1 am not aware
that anything I could say would add to the force
of it: and I may be permitted to say, with respect
to one of the gentlemen whom 1 have the honor
to follow, and who is sitting by my side, [Mr.
Ready,] that when he has given a subject like
this the benefit of his investigation, very little is
left to be done by lawyers like me, who come
after him. Here is a passage in the memorial to
which I call the attention of those who are inter-
ested in this discussion, and are listening to it for
the purpose of making up their minds how to vote:
" In the progress of the cause, defendants having reason
to believe."
Now, mark, the word "defendants" is put in
very ingeniously, as you will see when you come
to look into the facts of the case; not "the defend-
ants,"but " defendants."
" In the progress of the cause, defendants having reason
to believe that the said bill, in whole or in part, was filed
without the authority of the parties complainant, a motion
was made that the aforesaid solicitors, Allen and Hale, pio-
dace their authority for filing said bill. The question was
referred to the master, who, having heard the same, re-
ported, June 27, 1849, that the solicitors for the complain-
ants had failed to show any authority to institute said suit.
Without any appeal having been taken, the distnetjudge
subsequently made an order that Tarnava and wife, Ra-
mon Lafon,(the infant,) Manuel Prieto, and F. de Tigerina,
[certain paities in Mexico,] be stricken from the bill as
complainant, and that they be made defendants."
That is the statement of the petition. Now, on
looking to the record in the case, how are the
facts? I have it before me,and pray your atten-
tion to it for a single moment. Here is the order
that was made:
" Rice Garlaud, solicitor for defendants Fitzpatrick and
Shannon, prays the court to order that the plaintiffs, by
themselves or their solicitois, come before James Love,
Esquite, master, &e., and show by what authority they and
each of them, respectively, instituted this suit, or caused
the same to be instituted, and the said master do make re-
poit thereof on or bcfoic the first Monday in June next."
That was ordered. The clerk made the inquiry,
and he reported substantially that the plaintiffs
had not in person shown any authority. But here
is another order that I call the attention of gen-
tlemen to, made on the 30th of June, 1849:
uOn motion of Rice Garland, Esquire, counsel of defend-
] ants, it is ordered, that the motion, heretofore heard, refer-
ring the motion to ihe master to take testimony to show
upon what authority certain petrous named in said motion
wert-' made parties complainant in this cau^e,is withdrawn
from the master and the motion dismissed."
Thatwas done by the voluntary act of the
counsel who had made the motion. And now, it
is gravely urged that Judge Watrous is to be im-
peached because he did not proceed to act upon a
motion which was dismissed or voluntarily with-
drawn by the solicitor who made it! Is it fair ?
Is it right? Is it just? And yet it is by such argu-
ments as these, it is by such villainous pretenses
as these that the judge is attempted to be diser-
mined and dishonored before Congress and the
country'
I might proceed and look through this record.
I have not had time to do it, and I would not do
it excepting for a professional consideration. I
have looked into it, however, to sec whether or
not the charge can be sustained that—
tl Every irregular or wrongful decision of the judge was
in tavor of the complainants and against the defendant,
Mu-^nia, and tho.^e occupying a similar position, and wiw
to their particular injury; "
as made by those of the Judiciary Committee
who recommend an impeachment.
Do the gentlemen of the committee undertake
to say that they have examined every one of the
seventy-five rulings in the record, for we are told
that there are so many, thirty-four in favor of
Mussina, and forty-one against him? Do they
undertake to say that there were no erroneous
rulings excepting such as were made against Mus-
sina? It would seem so. Now, here is one of
the erroneous rulings, relating to the introduc-
tion of the testimony of William G Hale, which,
we are told, is exceedingly erroneous—so much
so that we must send this judge to the Senate, and
let them inqune whether his motives in making
it were not corrupt. Sir, I concur entirely with
my colleague [Mr. Wright] in the opinion which
he suggested m his question to the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] that before we can im-
peach a judge by reason of an illegal or errone-
ous decision, it must appear that he has not only
made such erroneous decision, but that it has been
done through dishonest motives, and with a cor-
rupt intent.
tt seems that it became necessary, in the prog-
ress of the cause, for the complainants to intro-
duce Mr. William G. Hale, not as a substantive
witness, to testify to facts directly in issue, but for
the purpose of substantiating certain documents.
His deposition is taken; it is rejected by the court
upon an exception to the notice; it is retaken; and
he is examined as to his interest. Now, the in-
terest of a witness which excludes his testimony
is very'precisely defined in the books treating'on;
the law of evidence. It is said that where the in-
terest of a witness in the result of the suit is cer-
tain and direct, he is incompetent, and his testi- "
mony must be excluded; but when his interest is "
indirect and contingent; it goes to his credit,-and-
not to his competency, and his testimony rri&y-
be admitted. Mr. Hale was examined upon that
point, and his answer is very clear. It is, as I
understand it, that he had no certain or direct
interest in the result of the suit. He had under-
taken, for a certain fee, to prosecute a number-
of suits, of which this was one—the fee to be no
larger or smaller by reason of results. This fee
was secured upon lands not in controversy in the
present suit; nor had he any interest in the result
of the suit; unless, perchance, the land'now in
controversy should be sold and his fee paid from
the proceeds of the sale. Mr. Speaker, under
these circumstances, I venture to say that there
is no honest, well-informed judge who would not
have decided precisely as Judge Watrous did.c '
Mr. Hale was declared a competent witness, and
his deposition received.
Another question of evidence arose, the ruling
of which is made a matter of complaint. It was
the admissibility of the testimony of Mr. Hord,
counsel for a portion of the respondents. It is
well settled that though a witness be interested on
both sides of a cause, yet if the interest prepon-
derate against the party calling him, he may be
examined. Mr. Hord was introduced on behalf
of the complainants. He testified that his inter-
est, though on both sides of the cause, was
stronger m favor of the defendants. The ques-
tion was then propounded by the counsel of Mus-
sina, which appears in his memorial. The witness
doubtless regarding it as an intended insult, de-
clined to answer. The judge was at first inclined
to decide the question required an answer; but on
more mature consideration held that he could not
be compelled to answer, in which decision I en-
tirely concur.
These are the erroneous decisions, and I believe
the only ones alleged to have been made in the
progress of this great cause", the printed record of
which extends over more than one thousand pages.
Another charge is made against the judge,grow-
ing outof his conduct in connection with thefinal
decree. At the term when the cause was heard,
no final decision was made. The judge took the
case under consideration, or, in legal phrase, took
time until the next term to advise. It is charged
that previous to the time of the subsequent term,
the judge had announced that no court would then
be held; that Mussina, thus thrown off his guard,
did notattend, and thereby losthis opportunity to
appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States.
With respect to this charge, it is enough to say,
that the proof does not sustain the allegation as to
the conduct of the judge. On the contrary, it is
shown that he had stated repeatedly and publicly
that the court would be held. Mussina's counsel
was present m court when the decree was pro-
nounced; made no objection to it on that ground,
only complaining that it was pronounced in the ab-
sence of his associate counsel. The judge held his
court open for nearly two days, until he was com-
pelled to leave to attend another court; no applica-
tion was made in behalfofMussina for an appeal,
nor any notice filed to that effect; nor was any at-
tempt evermade to obtain an appeal, until within
a few days of the expiration of the five years al-
lowed by law for that purpose, and then in such
a manner as indicates either the grossest ignorance
or the grossest bad faith. It would hardly be
profitable, had I the time, to develop the details of
this affair. The whole subject came before the Su-
preme Court of the United States at the last term,
on application by Mussina for a mandamus, and
the decision is reported in 20 Howard,288. The
opinion of the court delivered by Judge McLean,
fully sustains Judge Watrous, and disposes of this
whole charge. Here it is:
"Mr. Justice McLean deliveiedthe opinion of the court.
" A motion was made ar this term for a rule on the dis-
trict judge of Texas, to show cause why a mandamus should
not be issued, commanding hnn to allow an appeal in the
above case. This rule was granted on the affidavit of Simon
Mussina, as agent for a part of the defendants.
" In his answer the judge says;<1 am now ready to allow
