1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
if he pleases, and will have full power to do it,
declaring that no part of the money appropriated
shall be used to pay a minister at Naples or at
Romejcpr at any Oiher place—to pay any public
functionary of a diplomatic charactcr at any of
those places. He may atlain his end in that way;
and, as I said to him at a former time, I should
be very happy to cooperate with him in some
general mode by whicji the number of these mis-
sions shall be limited; but I cannot cooperate
with him to take from the Executive its constitu-
tional duties when the only result will be, not to
give effect to tl\e legislation of Congress, but to
bring the Executive into collision with the Legis-
latuie.
Mr. PUGH. I will obviate that difficulty by
stiiking out the word " sh&ll," and inserting the
word "may." I see nothing, in the objectionj
but 1 will provide that the duties of the mission
at Naples may be performed by the minister at
Rome; and if the President does not tell him to
perform them, they may go without performance.
Mr. MASON.' The Senator knows very well
that "may," in law, is generally construed
•'shall.';
Mr. PUGH. Not always.
Mr. MASON. Generally.
Mr. PUGH. If the English language will not
obviate these constitutional objections, 1 think
they will have to stand. I modify that pait of
my amendment; and now let us have a vote 011
the first branch.
Mr. HALE. I think I shall go for this amend-
ment; no.t because 1 believe any great good will
grow out of it—not the slightest; but because it
will show that there is a disposition to do good.
I think we had a lit-tle ltisuuction on this point
yesterday. You lump hall'a dozen of these little
Hepubhcs together, and. somehod y will go out
there, minister to Guatemala; with thtee or four
Republics tacked on 10 the end of it, discharg-
ing the duties of several missions; and in sonic
ten yeais, perhaps, he will tome here and ask
for an extra outfit and extra salary for every one
of them. We have seen that; we had 11 up yes-
terday. We sent a niiiustei to Guatemala, or
New Granada, and he was gone about a year,
and the thing has lam ten yrais, and now he
comes up and wai ts an extta outfit, and I think
he wuald have trot it if we had taken the vote yes-
terday. If you lump these missions logethej;, the
result will bo that these missions to .South Amer-
ica will be the rno-t desnnhli' ones, because a mail
will have a pocket full of them, and he will have
outfits and salaries to every one of them, and Ins
pay will be some fifteen, twenty, or thuty thou-
sand dollars—the Lord knows what:
But still I am for this amendment, because it
will show what the disposition of Congress is,
and 1 think the best'wuy is to begin now. You
know, Mr. President, and 1 know,and 1 think
almostcvorybody knows, what is the use of these
missions I do not know that the one at Rome
has anything else to do but kiss the Pope's tot-,
but 1 know that the one at Ausnia had another
and higher purpose—a g eat deal higher, sir. It
was to console the wounded feelings of a deleated
Democrat hi a Demociattc, district, [iatightei,] and
hurry him off to the Austrian Court, where lie
would never be 111 danger of having his eais woi-
ried with the sound of Republican triumph. You
would have thought that he would have been safe
from that in old Berks county, but he was not;
and as long as the triumph did reach there, I tlo
not believe, after a Republican triumph distuibed
him in old Heiks county, that there was another
Elace on God's eai th where he could have srotand
een safe slioit of Austria, [laughter;] and it was
wise, in the President to send him there..
Now, sir, I am for limiting this. "I think it has
been carried tar enough; but the result will be
what I have said. This icforin will only be on
the statute-book. There will be some way of ga-
ting around it; there is no doubt about that. There
will be some construction; 1 have had a little ex-
perience of this, and I will te!j it novv while I am
tip, for 1 do not take the floor very often, and
when I do, I do not occupy it long. Gentlemen
talk about the Piesident's authority. I happened
to be in the Senate when we ratified the treaty
with Mexico. The President nominated a gen-
tleman for commissioner, with a salary of j>6,000
a year, and an outfit of 56,000. He went out to
Mexico with §12,000 as commissioner to ratify
the treaty. He got it ratified. Then the Presi- j
[dent sent in his name here as minister plenipo- j
i tentiary to the same place, raising bilsalary from j
t $6,000 to $9,000. I believe it is in order for a man ;
| to tell what he himself did in executive session; I
I I know that was the opinion of Mr. Benton and
! of Mr. Webster, and this was ten years ago. I
j objected to his confirmation upon theground that
I if We confirmed him he would take an extra out-
| fit of $9,000 in addition. I was assured by a man
! who undertook to speak for the Executive, that
j that would not be done; and he was confirmed
| upon a pledge that he should not have the f 15,000
;outfit. Well, what was the result? He got it,
' and, I suppose, if you were to ask the Supreme
Court of the United States whether that was legal,
they would tell you it was, for that gentleman is
a member of thatfliody now, and you would un-
doubtedly have an opinion that that was a con-
stitutional payment and a constitutional way to
get at rt.
I am glad tf> see the amendment the Senator
from Ohio offered. 1 do not want to impeach or
impugn his patriotism at all; I think he has of-
fered it not only with high motives of patriotism,
but because he is willing to lay down safe rules
I for us when we come into power, which we un-
! doubtedly shall. [Laughter.] I was gratified to
' hear the Senator from New York avow his sup-
' port of it; I turned around privately and asked
j him in his private ear if he would stick to it when
: lie was President, and he says he will. [Laugh-
1 ter.] Therefore I am for it.
j Mr SEWARD. 1 hope I may be indulged in
one word of explanation about my part in that
private debate. 1 said " we will." [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE Exactly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
111cK in the chair.) A division bf the amendment
is asked for. The first branch of the amendment,
on which the vote will now be taken, is, to strike
out from line seven to line sixteen of the bill, and
i niseit;
; For salai it41? oi' envoy?* extiaordinarv and minNt^ p!on-
ipoienn.uv of t!io Um'icri trute- ai Great Britain, Fiance, j
■ ijp.im. Hiaztl, Mexico, and China.
i Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to inquire what
I the pay of the minister plenipotentiary to China
; is ?
Mr. PUGTI. Twelve thousand dollars.
Mr. SIMMONS. The law now prescribes the '
salaries of all these men?
Mr. PUGH Yes
* Mr. SIMMONS. But it does not pay them, as
I understand. 1 do not know what we are going
to vote for.
Mr. PCJGII. Thierwiu be $12,000.
Mr. SI VI iMONS. Is it not ]ust so n-ow ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes.-
Mr. SIMMONS. If we vote that part of the
amendment, we have no change in the law.
Mr. PIJGII. No. 4
Mr. SI M MONS. Then what is the use of it ?
Mr. PUGH. We strike Austria and Prussia
out of that list.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas, and nays,
and they were oidered; and being taken, resulted
■—yeas 2G, nays 26; as follows:
| YS \S-Messrs. Jjrod-rick, Chandler, Olav, Clinjman,
; Collitnu'r, Crittenden, Dixon, Donhllle, DniUee, l''t\s>en-
- den. Feet, Halt1, Hanilm, tl.utan, Jrnm-on (U Tennessee,
Kemiedv, Kuis, Polk. Push. Real, Sew,ud, Shields, Sim-
nions, TiuinlMlil, W.ule, and WiKnn— 25.
; NA YS—Alien, IS,lies, I3< njamm, Bailer, Brisht,
Ilrnwn (Jhe.,nnt, D.ivk, Douglas.Fact). Kitzpatuck.Green,
Gwin, Hammond. Houston, ilnnter, Iver-on, Johnson of
1 Aik:uwis, Jonet., Jl.iiloiy, Mason, llice, Sebastian, Slidell,
1 Smith, and Toombs—2o.
] So the amendment was rejected.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
j recurs on the remainder of the amendments,
j Mr. MASON. As I read the amendment, it
! requires that the duties of the mission at Vene-
' zucla shall be discharged by the minister resident
Ecuador.
Mr. PUGH." Vice versa.
! Mr. MASON. That the minister at Venezuela
j shall discharge the duties of minister to Ecua-
, dor?
1 Mr. PUGH. If the first branch of the amend-
ment is lost, I do not know that it is necessaiy to
press the rest, except the last proviso; and the
1, last pioviso I offer.
I Mr. MASON. I understand I was entitled to
the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
. Mr. MASON. I wanted the Senator to show
how the minister at,Venezuela was to get to Ecua-
dor, and e converso, from Ecuador to Venezuela.
The honorable Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mal-
lcrt,] who is more conversant with the geog-
raphy of that country than 1 profess to be, says
that he would have to go to New York first and
then go there. [Laughter.]
Mr. PUGH. J do not think he would. I know
enough about geography to be satisfied that that,
is no.t so.
Mr. MALLORY. He would have to go across
the isthmus, certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is perfectly evident the
Senate cannot now act understandingly on this
subject. There is no single member of the Sen-
ate that really knows what this amendment con-
tains. It ought to have been, printed. It then
could have been deliberately examined. I pro-
pose to postpone, until to-morrow, the further
consideration of this bill, with a view to take up
the bill for the acquisition ofCaba. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] has been entitled
to the floor, and is prepared to speak, and I hope
ho will be permitted to go on. It is perfectly evi-
dent that the Senate cannot now act with that de-
liberation and knowledge that it ought upon this
question.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe two days have
elapsed since the amendment was offered; and if
the Senate have not acquainted themselves with
its contents or its nature in that time, they are
not likely to do so between now and Monday. I
maintain that there is so little time left, that we
should dispose of the appropriation bills first.
The Senator irom Vermont, I have no'doubt, will
be heard in good time; but I suppose, he would
rather speak in the morninz, or some other day,
than go 011 now. At any rate, we have this bill
up, and I hope we shall finish it. We ail know
the difficulties we encounter 111 getting up an ap-
propriation bill. When it is once up, it should
not be laid down until we have a final disposition
of ii.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope the bill will be
proceeded with. The gentleman from Vermont
will, I am satisfied, be perfectly contented wiLh
that course.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to relieve the Senate,
when the Senator from Virginia answered so ab-
ruptly, of the difficulty If the Senate means to
perpetuate the present salaries of the ministers
to Prussia and Austria, I certainly am not going,
after the Senate has confirmed what 1 consider
so wanton waste of the public money as that, to
squabble about these little places; and inasmuch
as the first branch of my amendment had failed,
I was about to withdraw it ail, except the last
proviso, which provides that we will pay no sal-
ary for any minister not already named in this
bill. I want to stop that at least; and therefore,
with the consent of the Senate, I withdraw all
the amendment, except that to come in as a pro-
viso.
Mr. POLK-. I object to the withdrawal. Let*
us have it altogether.
Mr. PUGH. The proviso is that no other of-
ficer except tho'se named in the bill shall be paid.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The Chair un-
derstands that there is a motion made by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana to,postpone the pending bill
and all prior orders.
Mr. SLIDELL. As a preliminary motion, I
move to print the amendment.
Mr. PUGH. It has been printed in the Globe.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 insist on ray motion to
postpone the further consideration of this bill until
to-morrow, and take up the Cuba bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I have only to repeat what I
have said before, that I hope the question will be
tak n.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this motion.
Mr. HUNTER. Perhaps it would be better
to take the yeas and nays. Let us decide whether
we shall go 011 with the appropriation bill or not.
The yeas and liays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Green, Houston, Mallory,
and ShdelJ—5. . ,
NAVS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Bayard, Biclor, I3rodenck,
Brown, Chandler, Cliesiiut, Clark, Clay, Clingmaru Crit-
tenden, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Douglas, Durkee, Fes«en-
den, Fitch, Fuzpatriek, Foot, Haie, UamiJix, Hammond,
