64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IB.
to the joint benefit of the purchasers in Alabama
and of those in Texas, the Alabama gentlemen
having one half and the two Texas gentlemen the
other half.
We are told—and the evidence, I am satisfied,
sustains it—that, in the particulars of the nego-
tiation and trade, Judge Watrous was not an
active participant, and that he had no connection
in arranging or fixing the terms. He-occupied
the position, in homely, country parlance, of a
poor boy at a frolic. He was to take what the
others allowed him; he was not in the condition
to dictate terms. Says Mr. Lapsley, in effect,
" I insisted that the title should be made that way,
and would not have it made in any other way.
It was done for my protection; and I took a war-
ranty from Mr. League because he was a stranger
to me—because I was never acquainted with him
before; and I wanted the strongest legal obliga-
tion, to give me an assurance of his moral integ-
rity and fairness of purpose."
It is said they were contemplating a series of
lawsuits at that time. Gentlemen may argue that
way; but what is the proof? The proof is, from
more than one of these gentlemen, that they con-
templated no such thing; they regarded litigation
as possible, but not as probable.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee if he will please to account to this
House for the reason why Judge Watrous, being
present, assented to an arrangement by which
a retaining fee of $500 was allowed to Robert
Hughes, with a view to anticipated litigation about
this land, when the contract was made between
Lapsley, League, and himself, and others, at
Selma?
Mr. MAYNARD. I can tell the gentleman
that very readily. These men were going into a
large operation, and they wanted to provide
themselves with counsel. Why is it that a bank
or a railroad corporation employs its attorney, or
that a gentleman of large private estate has his
lawyer constantly and regularly employed, to
whom he can apply if he needs any advice, orfor
the purpose ofdrawing deeds, inspecting titles, or
selling property ? Every man who lives under a
government of law, which he does not profes-
sionally understand, will, as a matter of just pru-
dence and precaution, have the service of some
man who is learned in the law, to direct and point
out his course. It is a matter of ordinary pru-
dence and sound discretion, and so was the action
of these gentlemen in this case.
I know that that fact is dwelt upon as though
it signified much. To my mind it not only does
not signify little, but it signifies actually nothing
in sustaining the charge against Judge Watrous;
and I present against it the statement of these
men, that they were not anticipating or looking
for litigation to establish the validity of the title.
We are assured by the witnesses, if their testi-
mony is an assurance, that Judge Watrous had
neverseen the title papers, and did not know what
they consisted of. He relied on the judgment and
advice of counsel who had examined them.
Litigation did follow. The suit has been tried.
The case has gone before the Supreme Court of
United States, and has been there decided, while
we have been considering this very impeachment;
and 1 will ask gentlemen of the House, who are
not satisfied m their own minds, to examine the
decision for themselves, [20 Howard, page 264,
Spencer vs. Lapsley.] They will find that the
advice on which these gentlemen acted in making
the purchase was sound, and well supported by
the law. In process of time, as I have said, it was
necessary to institute certain suits. They were
brought at the instance of Mr. Lapsley, who held
the legal title, and who was a lawyer in Alabama.
By his direction they were brought in the Federal
court of the State of Texas, rather than in the
State courts; and this was in opposition to the
private personal wishes of Judge Watrous himself.
I take it that that fact is established clearly and
fully by the proof.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman permit
me 
Mr. MAYNARD. Not now. I know very
well the statement on which reliance is placed by
those who hold the other side in this argument. I
know very well that the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Reagan] is able to make everything that can
be made out of the fact. ButI beg to say, with all
kindness to him, that I think he has made nothing
out of it, simply because nothing can be made
out of it.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to draw attention to
the fact that Judge Watrous was present when
these writs were issued, and that he expressed no
surprise, and made no objection to their being
issued.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am very well aware of
that testimony, and the gentleman is very well
aware of the answer. I will not consume time in
dwelling further on that point. I say that the
weight of the evidence to my mind establishes the
fact as I have stated.
Be it remembered that it is charged that Judge
Hughes was also one of these confederates or
conspirators. Now, if you look at the correspond-
ence that passed between Lapsley and Hughes,
you will discover the fact, that Hughes was desir-
ous of having the suits tried in Texas, to have
a lawyer not connected in the case to sit at the
trial instead of Judge Watrous. Mr. Lapsley in
his letter says, in substance, " I thought it was
understood they were to be removed to New Or-
leans. I had so supposed; but still I leave it with
you. I may have been mistaken in my supposi-
tion. " Now, if Mr. Hughes was one of these con-
spirators, desiring to get the case out of Texas,
into Louisiana, he would certainly never have
suggested the idea of putting a lawyer on the
bench, and letting the cases be tried before him;
and yet, if you will examine the case, you will
find that he did so. The facts as set forth in the
record furnish, to my mind, a full and complete
refutation of the charge that this thing was con-
cocted with a view to deprive the opposite parties
in the apprehended litigation of the right of trial
before a Texan jury.
But it is said that the causes were kept for several
years in the courts of Texas, first at Galveston
and then at Austin. That is certainly a very
strange charge to urge against JudgeWatrous, and
the other parties who owned the land. A man
whose land is invaded and who brings a suit to
recover possession, generally wants to press his
suit as soon as he can to a hearing, and get the
possession of his property. The man in actual
possession having (( nine points of the law" in
his favor is perfectly willing that the trial should
be postponed until doomsday, he having, in the
mean time, possession of the estate and the en-
joyment of its profits; a fact, which 1 suppose
every lawyer knows. And yet this suit depended
in the courts of Texas, from 1851 till 1854, when
Judge Hughes, finding it impossible to make any
arrangement by which he could geL a Texas law-
yer to try the cause, moved to have it trans-
ferred to New Orleans, and it was so transferred;
and that ^s the only order or action taken by
Judge Watrous in the case.
We are told, however, that Judge Watrous very
improperly presided in a cause known in this
record as the case of Ufford vs. Dykes, in which
he was substantially deciding on the validity of
his own title. I would ask gentlemen of the
House, whose minds have not been made up upon
this or any other point in the case, to look at the
testimony of Mr. Hartley, one of the lawyers
concerned in the defense of that case, and whose
testimony, I venture to say, will address itself to
the mind of every gentleman, as coming from a
frank, candid, and fair-minded man. The reading
of that testimony lias satisfied me that the facts
were these: A man of the name of Ufford had
sued several parties in Texas for the recovery of
an eleven-league tract of land. He had employed
several able counsel, and among them William G.
Hale, who is represented as a lawyer of unusual
energy, care, and ability. The defendants had
employed a young and inexperienced practitioner
by the name of Hughes, who resided at George-
town, a point distant from that where the court
was held. The case came up. Judgment was
had by default in favor of the plaintiff and against
the defendants, the merits of the case not having
been investigated. The superior legal skill of Mr.
Hale having, in the opinion of Judge Watrous,
obtained an unfair advantage by getting a judg-
ment without bringing the case to a proper test,
the judge—doing what I venture to say every
judge has had occasion to do many times, and
what many judges have done within my own per-
sonal knowledge—went to Judge Hughes, (not
the counsel for the defendants, but a member of
the bar in no way connected with the case,) and
said to him, " I dislike to see that case go off
without its merits being investigated; if an affida-
vit be putin showing a meritorious defense, I will
set aside this judgment and grant a new trial."
This was said, be it remembered, to a gentle-
man of the bar in no way connected with the case
—a gentleman in whom Judge Watrous had con-
fidence. Young Hughes (not Judge Hughes, but
the lawyer in the defense of the ease of Ufford
vs. Dykes) employed Mr. Hartley, the witness,
to assist him in getting a new trial. Judge Hughes
met Mr. Hartley, and repeated to him the remark
of Judge Watrous. Hartley and young Hughes
together procured some party to make an affidavit
that the defense was meritorious. The judgment
was set aside, and a new trial was granted. Then
said Mr. Hale, " I am ready to try the cause."
The defendants said, "we are not ready: we want
time until the next court." They put in an affi-
davit asking a continuance. A continuance was
granted. In the mean time the defendants made
up an additional fee of §1,000—half of it for young
Hughes and half for the witness, Hartley—to at-
tend to the suits in the trial. Hartley says that
he was not well prepared in the suits when the
term at which they were to be tried came up, and
he himself went to Judge Hughes and told him
that if he would assist them he (Hartley) would
divide his own fee with him—he taking $250 and
Judge Hughes $25(1. The latter assented, and
they examined the case. They believed the title
under which the plaintiff claimed, to be valid.
They believed, however, that a successful defense
would be made as to part of the defendants'; on
the ground that the title did not cover the lands
which the defendants were claiming, and as to the
other defendants, in addition to that, that they
were protected by the statute of limitation. The
case came on, and the court called upon Mr. Hale,
counsel forthe plaintiffs, to know if he was ready
for trial. He said that he was not; that he wanted
testimony to prove the execution of the power of
attorney, about which you have heard so much
said. Judge Hughes was confident that the
power of attorney was genuine; they all believed
it to be so; it had never been questioned and was
not until long afterwards. They wanted a trial,
and young Hughes, who had to come all the way
from Georgetown, wanted the case disposed of.
Relying upon what they believed to be a valid
and sufficient defense, and believing that any at-
tempt to defeat the power of attorney would be
nugatory, and that Mr. Hale, by the next term,
could establish fully its execution, they agreed
that it should be put in as evidence in the case,
and that no question should be raised about it.
All this was done, and that was the character of
the case, and theseare the facts upon which Judge
Watrous was called to decide.
I might go further into the case, but there are
a great many facts which, in the course of an
hour, I cannot consider, or even allude to. I have
barely touched upon the points as they have pre-
sented themselves to my mind; and with the
views which I have taken of these facts, I should
he doing dishonor to myself, I should be guilty
of a high crime and misdemeanor if I were to con-
sent to the putting upon trial at the bar of the
Senate of this judicial officer, whose conduct, in
so far as I have been able to collect it in this vol-
uminous record, scrutinized and scanned as it has
been, for long, long years, with the keen eyes of
private malice aided by public detraction, has
been blameless. I cannot lend the sanction of
my vote to this impeachment. I think he ought
not to be impeached. It would, in my judgment,
i be a grievous wrong. I think he ought to be sent
I back to preside upon the bench, among the peo-
i pie who, perhaps, will one day come to appre-
i ciatc what it is to have an honest and upright
I judge.
i This is not the only instance in the history of
; the times that clamor has been raised against ju-
dicial officers. The times are sadly out of joint
in that respect. Clamor against the judiciary is
one of the symptoms of distempered popular feel-
ing. I do not propose to make any allusion or
address any remarks which will grate harshly
upon the cars of any portion of the House. I
speak to a fact; and to a fact that is well known
and so notorious, that, I trust,this House will not,
by its action, do anything that shall have no other
effect than merely to add fuel to the flame that
already burns too fiercely.
