1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
Harlan, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of ■
Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, King. Mason, 1'oik, Puirh, i
Reid, Rice, Seward, Shields, Simmons, Smith, Stuart, !
Toomb-, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—4G.
So tho motion was not agreed to.
Tlie PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio withdraws all his amendment, except
that portion which will he read.
Mr. SEWARD. Objection was made to the
withdrawal of the amendment.
Mr. PUGH. The amendment was defeated by
the former vote, and it is not worth while to go
further. I think the Senator from Missouri will'
withdraw his objection.
Mr. POLK. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does not re-
quire unanimous consent to withdraw it.
Mr. DOOLITTJLE. i should like to have the
precise state of the question announced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheCbairwill
state to the Senate, that the Senator from Ohio
withdraws all of his amendment except that por-
tion "which will be read by the Secretary,.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
At the end of the sixteenth lino, insert:
Provided, That no other embassidor, envoy extraordi-
nary, minister plenipotentiary, minister reorient, commis-
sioner, or charge u5 affaires, shall be entitled to any com-
pensation during the said fiscal year.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Add " or diplomatic repre-
sentative."
Mr. PUGH. I accept that.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I confess that I am, as a
general thing, opposed to legislation on appropri-
ation bills; but if I am correctly informed, it is
only by means of the appropriation bills that there
can be any legislation upon this subject; and,
therefore, it is perfectly proper, on this appropri-
ation bill, to introduce provisions of this kind. I
am disposed to favor the amendment offered by
the Senator from Ohio, because 1 sympathize in
subject.. He tells us that the annual supplies of i
the precious metals obtained from America, were j
as follows:
Average per annum.
From 14&2 to 1500  $250,000
" 15UG to 1545  3.000,000
« 1545 to 1600  lTOOO.OOO
" 1600 to J 700   16,000,00
  1700 to 1750    20.500.000
« 1750 to 1803   35,300,(M
McCulloch estimates the annu&l productions
of the gold and silver mines
From 1800 to 1809 $49,000,000
" 1P10 to 1836  30 030.000
" 1836 to 1847  67.000,000
Up to the discovery of the California and Aus-
tralia gold mines, the annual production of all the
mines of the world did not exceed fifty or sixty
million dollars. What has been the effect of these
large discoveries in those countries ? During the
last ten years the annual productions have been
more than one hundred and fifty million dollars.
The effect throughout the commcrcial world is
beginning to be felt, the same that it was two
hundred years ago. After the year 1636, when
the amount of the annual production of the gold
and silver mines of America had been ascertained
to be reliable; from that time onward, for more
than two hundred years, the average price of prop-
erty in England remained about the same. A
quarter of wheat, an acre of land, with equal im-
provements, a horse, a cow, any of the common
necessaries of life, not the result of manufacture
by improved machinery, remained the same upon
the average. Like causes produce like effects,
and we are to-day, undergoing precisely the same
.commercial revolution. 1 do not mean a com-
mercial revulsion from temporary causes, but a
penrument revolution. Legislation cannot pre-
vent it, acts of Congress cannot prevent it, nor
the decrees of the. most powerful potentates on
the object which is avowed and which is sought !j earth. It is controlled by tne laws of tradv it is
to be attained by the amendment. I am, so far jj as certain as the revolutions of the earth. I he
as it can be consistently carried out, in favor of truth is, and we may as well open our eyesto the
retrenchment in the expenditures of the Govern- fact, that money is depreciating in its nominal
ment in every department. I confess, however, j value; gold is becoming cheaper in-comparison
that 1 do not anticipate very large results in that ■; with the other productions of the v/oild; there-
direction from the diminution of the salaries of [ fore it is that those great changes in price are
those officers who are necessarily employed in the
service of the Government. If possible, I would
reduce their number; but so long as they are em-
ployed, we must pay them enough to live.
Sir, I believe we ore in the midst of a great
commercial revolution going on throughout ihe
world; a revolution which does not depend upon
acts of Congress, or decrees of emperors; a revr
olution which is determined by the laws of trade,
and which can no more be controlled by legisla-
tion than you can control the currents of the air
or the currents of the ocean itself. Sir, that rev-
olution grows tu'.L of the great discoveries of gold
and silver which have been made within the last
ten or fifteen years. There is a rapid deprecia-
tion going on, day by day, m the value of money.
The word " dollar"*is changing its signification
every month and every year; and the rate at which
that word is changing its signification is greater
than the amount of interest which may accruc
upon it at six, or even seven per cent. We are
experiencing, to-day, in the commcrcial world
what was experienced more than two hundred
going on, and therefore it is that 1 desire to say
a single word on this subjectof salaries, of which
we have heard so much.
The truth is, that a salary of $5,000 to-day, is
not worth as much as a salary of £.2,500 fifteen
years ago. A salary of $5,000 to-day will not
buy as much of the actual necessaries of life, as a
salary of §2,50U would before the discovery of the
gold "mines of California and Australia. That
levolution is goinf; on, and in tho period of about
twenty-five years we may expect to seethe samp
resultswhich were produced inaperiod oftwenty-
five years of the successful working of the gold
mines ofPotosi and other Ameiican mines,in the
latter part of the sixteenth century.
Whilst, therefore, Mr. President, I am m favor
of retrenchment m ail reasonable wavs, when ap-
plied to the administration of the affairs of this
Government, I u.> not believe that any \ery great
retrenchment is to be found in attempting to re-
duce the salaries of the officers who arc necessa-
rily employed by the Qovenfment. If there are
nv unnecessary officers, discharge them; but
.J.. 1 •  .  X .1  
twentv-five vears, when the annual product of u then for corruption and plundei. _
K. WB fiv'oTimes as great as it had pre- ! causes, and the vast expansion of our temtoiya
viouslv been, the prices of all commodities, the H ranch larger sum in dollars to-day:, compa:ltd with
pricesof all real estate, the prices of all personal what was necessary thn ty-fi\c or foi H , i e e
property, upon the average, trebled in their nom- b twenty years ago, is necessary m the adm.nistia-
inai value* and durinff the next thirty-six years, j tion of the Government.
after the annual product had become over six h I have felt called upon to-say this,l
times as great the average value of property quad- i expect that the party with which I act will come
roptedTnominal^fwhilefro^ 1&6 & V j! into power with the next .""^0
two hundred and ten years, the value of the pre- b desire to say for one that I do-not indu I e e
cious metals underwent no material alteration. hope which I sometimes hear expressed, that the
We are undergoing, to-day, just such an opera- '( expenses of the administration of this ■6°™™-
tion and from the same causes. Previous to the :i ment can be reduced down to *,30,000,000, or c\en
year 1846, tho annual production of all the gold ]j $40,000,000. Still, Mr. Preside n^, wi £
and silver mines of the earth did not exceed forty j I those who are prepared to go furthest m rel e"^
or fifty miHion dollars. At once, in 1846, and ! ment and lopping oft every unnecessary expend-
fro m that time onward, the amount of these pro- |i iture. I am not, however, piepared to reduce
Hiicdons has risen from forty or fifty million <Iol- salaries of officers who actually pertorm seiii
lars to one hundred and seventy-live or two hull- ;i which is necessary to carry on the odmimstrauoi
dred million dollars. I hold in my hand the j of the Government, down to or below the staiv -
statement, as made by Baron Humboldt, on this i. tion point.
Having said this much (and it is all I desire to
say on this whole subject) in reference tp retrench-
ment of salaries, I shall conclude by simply say-,
ingthatl shall support the amend ment which has
been offered by the Senator from Ohio, as it seems
to put some'limit upon Executive discretion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the "chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Olno:
Mr. MASON and Mr. SEWARD called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, •
Mr. HUNTER. I hope my colleague will not
insist on the yeas and nays. .The amendment
only provides that none of the money appropri-
ated shall be applied to new offices to be .created.
We have a perfect right to confine it to those
which are mentioned in the bill.
Mr. MASON. The effect of it will be this:
There is an existing law whiclT provides that
whenever the President, at his discretion, shall
direct a minister at one place to be accredited as
minister to another place, which' he has an un-
doubted right to do, then the minister accredited
to the second place shall receive, as his compen-
ji sation, half the salary of the place to which he Is
li so accredited, in addition. It was put in for the
i: purpose of cutting off those frequent applications
;; that were made, when the President directed the
|| minister at one place to be accredited to another
[! pidcc, fcr the full salary of both. It was intended
;! to cut that off. The effect of this amendment will
ilbe,by implication, to destroy that law. What
j! oiher"effect it may have I do not know; but I do
ij know that when measures of this sort are sprung
'i upon Congress Without deliberation and exam-
l| liialion into existing laws to see what effect they
'j may have, it very frequently operates, and in tho
■ instance I have put it will operate, to defeat the
'i opciation of the existing law, when, I presume,
i; it was not so intended.
!i Mr. PUGH. I fully examined the existing
laws before 1 offered my amendment. The Sen-
;j ator evidently has not, or he would not make the
I objection. The bill already appropriates the full
'i salary of every mission we have, so that the pro-
li viso will not have any such effect as he suggests,
j! It will prevent paying for new missions.
!l The question being taken by yeas and nays,
II lesulted—yeas 32, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS— JIe?srs Benjnmin.-Brnderick, Chandler. Clark,
ii Clay. O'iiiiOTian, Collamer, Ciitirnden, Dixon, Dtwlitlle,
j: Durkce, f'V -onden. Fitch. fliilo, Ilamtin. Uailatt. Hunter,
i Johnson of Tenne-^ee, Jones, Kennedy, ifnis. Polk, Ptigh,
Ij Iteid. ta'invaid. Shield-. Simmons, Smart, Trmiitmll, Wade,
ii Want, and Wilson—3;!.
Ii NAYS—Hew. Allen. Bates, Bifder, Brislit, Brown,
ii Clle-iiul. Davi-, Filzpntrick, Houston, Johnson of Aikaii-
1| sis, Malloiv, M.ison, Rice, Slntcll, anil Smith—15.
' So the amendment was agreed to.
i: Mr. SIMMONS. I believe that amendment
j stops a further increase of diplomatiiexpenditure;
■ no new mission is to be civated under this bill,
j i desire to offer a further amendment, with a view
j to rnako some retienchmeot in the present ex-
i; penduures of the diplomatic service. It is to add
!i this,proviso:
l! Jlnd /.roiiMetl further, That Ihe salaried provided for in
i thw -ection, and Ihe Fal.ines and eonipen^anon OS all oilier
■ j otnerr^ provided for in tiiii net, shall tie computed m the
!i colli coinase Of Ihe United Sl.ltes ; and in no casi: siiatl there
11 IIP auv allowance to any officer upon any draft drawn hy
!l him lor his sat.uy or coiupcn^alion of mere than per
centum upon the amount of Mlclrdr.'i:t. ^
H I will state that this is for the purpose of cut-
• i tmg down a most extraordinary allowance, in the
j! form of exchange upon the salaries of very many
■' of our diplomats abioad. There was a letter ad-
ij diessed to the chairman of tho Committee on Ft-
■' nance, by the former Secretary of the Tieanury,^
!: ill April, 185G, setting forth the enormous loss of
H exchange to witich ihe Depariment was subjected
M by this usa^e of the Government. I called the
I; attention of the chairman of the committee last
year, when the diplomatic bill was up, to this
matter. The exchanges range from four to sev-
enty-five per cent, on the amount of the salaiy.
I propose to limit it, so that it shall in no case ex-
ceed ten per cent- When 1 was up the other day,
, I stated that the Chinese exchange amounted to
I forty pel' cent, on every cargo of goods imported;
that we did not get dunes on more than three dol-
lars for every pound sterling of the value of a
Chinese cargo imported; and that, therefore,
taking the expenses of importation and exchange,
the rates of duty did not exceed one half what
