1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nm
to (Jo with it; but it takes a hundred Mexican dol-
lars to buy seventy-two Carolus dollars. That is
then' real commercial value.
The practice of the Government has been to
pay our foreign ministers, not a certain number
of American dollars in the country to which they
are accredited, not so many dollars under our
unit, but an amount sufficrent to make them that
sura there. This varies according to the differ-
ences in the currency. You see exchange quoted
every day between New York and Liverpool at
$1 09, #J 09j, an.d $1 10. That grows out of
commercial usage. The true par of exchange or-
dirianly is about $1 09|. The reason of it is
that anciently we estimated the pound staling at
$4 44, while the real value of it, the commercial
value, is about ^4 85 or $4 86, and by the present
law we rate it at §4 84. The difference between
§4 44 and $4 85 in the pound sterling is called ex-
change, in commercial transactions, but it is not
exchange at all. If you give a hundred guineas
to a man in New York, you can get a hundred
guineas for it in Liverpool or London for one half
of one per cent.; but if he went to convert your
Federal money he would say the rate of exchange
was $1 09j. It is clear that nobody would be
fool enough to pay nine and a half per cent, for
carrying money from New York to Liverpool.
Real exchange, natural exchange, is the cost of
transportation, the insurance, and the time. That
is not more than from one half to three fourths of
one per cent. Exchange on England is quoted,
in commercial language, at from nine and a half
to nine and three fourths per cent; but that arises
simply from §4 44 having been lon^ ago fixed by
law as the value of the pound sterling, instead of
the leal valGe at §4 85 or §4 86. Last year, dur-
ing the convulsion, m some places exchange was
absolutely more than ten per cent, below par;
for instance, it was worth about eighty-eight or
eighty-nine at New Orleans, during the convul-
sion. There was a very great demand for money
there to maintain their banks; and if they had the
silver in New York to draw a bill upon they
would rather draw than pay the actuat cash in
hand. It was important to those great institu-
tions to save themselves. Probably, and I think
ordinarily, at this season of the year, exchange
on New York is about one per cent, below par in
New Orleans. The cost of carrying an ounce of
silver of a certain fineness from here to China is
the exchange, with a reasonable addition for the
time and insurance; and it is nothing more, "be-
cause if a Chinaman brings his Carolus dollar to
New York, and wants to get it home again, what
it costs him to get it there is all the exchange he
has to pay. There may be a higher nominal rate
of exchange when you come to convert an interior
dollar. I believe we debased the half dollars which
we issued three or four years ago, even below our
ordinary currency, for the purpose ol keeping
tnem in" the country; and the rate of exchange,
as H is improperly called, is largely increased
when you come to couveit an mfeiioi dollar into
Carolus dollars. There cannot be such a thing as
fifty per cent, legitimate exchange between here
and China. There is not a man m New England
who would not have more sense than to pay it.
Instead of doing that he-could make money by
buying Carolus dollars here, and carrying them
there. Just what it cost him to carry them there,
with the insurance and the time consumed, would
be the exchange.
The Carolus dollar in China has much more
than its natural and real value, because they will
take nothing else. You might take a Carolus dol-
lar to our Mint and convert it into an American
dollar of the same fineness and having the same
quantity of* silver, and yet if you carried it to
China you would still have to pay forty or fifty
pur cent, on it as nominal exchange; but if you
took bullion there and sold it, the difference would
not exist. Now, if we pay a man in the dollar of
China, it is no objection that it takes more of our
dollars. We may take Mexican dollars there—
and I presume plenty of them are to be got in
market—and it seems one hundred of them will
buy seventy-two Carolus dollars. Our ministers
say, "we are entitled to what are dollars in China,
and if you only give us an American dollar, you
take off fifty per cent.;" but if you pay in Chi-
nese dollars, you give them this forty or Jittyper
cent. That is all the difference.
Mr. MALLOEY. I wish to ask the Senator
from Georgia a question for information. To re-
duce this matter to a simple point, I will put it
thus; we pay oui minister in China, through
some public agent, either in sovereigns or in
American gold, say,$9,000. He is paid that at
Canton, or Hong Kong, or Shanghae, or where
ever be happens to be. He receives there nomi-
nally f9,0(J0; but that money, to be expended in
China, is not $9,000; but is $9,000, less what
he has to pay to get an exchangeable medium,
and that is Spanish or Mexican dollars., If he.
buys the Mexican or Spanish dollars, he has to
give forty per cent, additional; therefore, when
we say.we pay our minister in China$9,000, we
do not pay $9,000 that he can get the value of
in that country; but we pay him the $9,000, less
the forty per cent, he has to give for the currency
of the country.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is true; and th&t shows
the impolicy of the amendment ,of the Senator
from Rhode Island. Suppose you send a ship to
the eastern seas, and give the purser a hundred
thousand gold dollars to buy supplies for the
Navy. He is chargeable with it; but when he
buys supplies for the Navy, whether coal, or beef,
or mutton, or anything else in China, an"d his
bill is made out in dollars, only one hundred of
his dollars will buy seventy-two of theirs, and
unless you allow him this nominal exchange, he is
that much out of pocket. That would be the case
with the minister to China. If you paid him
$12,000 of yourdollars, as the Senator from Flor-
ida says, he-would get that less the forty-two per
cent, discount. That is, he would only get some
§7,000.
As I am up, I will say one word on the subject
of retrenchment. I think the Senator from Rhode
Island has started too soon. There is nothing to
retrench in your foreign affairs. Your foreign
ministers are limited in number, and their com-
pensation is very small, in the main insufficient to
maintain them in the way every American citizen
would wantthem maintained. 1 believe the whole
bill appropriates for them only $214,000. It is
no place to retrench. You ought rather to en-
large. A friend of mine told me that he had an
interview with Dr. Parker, who has been'in China
for many years, and he says that the salary of
our minister, to enable him to live properly at
Pekm, ought to be carried up to $20,00U, and he
cannot live there properly for less. I had hoped
that the Government would recommend that his
salary should be" raised, and it will receive my
vote with ver^ great pleasure. There is nothing
to reduce in regard to the salaries of foreign min-
isters. You may, perhaps, have some at places
where you do not need them; you may send one
to Rome and pay him eight or nine thousand dol-
lars a year, where he has nothing to do; but you
have only §214,000 m this bill for them all, and
you pay as much for printing, or some nonsense
here. There is no abuse in it. There will be
abirses in armies, and abuses in navies, because
there you have a great many persons, a great
mafiy contractors; but here you have twenty or
thirty or forty persons scattered in distant por-
tions of the world, having no influence to control
legislation. The fact is, that from the beginning
of the Government you have starved them, and
the least reputable of them come away in debt.
As stringent an economist as I am, I prefer to
take up the foreign missions, one by one, and
raise the salaries.
Mr. SIMMONS. I gave way to the Senator
from Georgia to explain this matter, and now I
will analyze his explanation. Tiie difficulty be-
tween him and me originally arose in this way:
I said that when a cargo of teas was bought m
Shanghae, it was invoiced in our dollars, and
that the currency of the south of Clnna was the
Carolus dollar; and that in the purchase of those
Carolus dollars they gave from six shillings and
eight pence to seven shillings and four pence for
each dollar they got; and, therefore, for a pound
sterling at the lowest rate they got but three doU
lars,and it cost five to remit it, and I showed how.
I will tell you another incident, to show how
much the Senator knows about this. I went to
the Department to see what the intrinsic value of
this com was, and they showed me a correspond-
ence with the director of the Mint. The Depart-
ment asked him to assay a Carolus dollar, and
give them its intrinsic value. The director of the
Mint told them there had been none coined for
sixty or seventy years, they had all been taken-
to the east, and they were-not the circulating me-,
dium of anycountry. The Senator says Carolus-
dollars can be bought for $ 1 16. I want to know
if the Senator ever knew them to.be bought?
'Mr. TOOMBS. I have seen them quoted at
|118. ' .
Mr. SIMMONS. Did you ever hear of arfy
being bought?
Mr. TOOMBS.' I am not in the trade. I saw;
it in the prices current.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was making inquiries on
this subject of a merchant, a partner in one of
the largest houses in China, who was here last-
year 
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask tfye'Senator to tell me
what is the value of the silver in a Carolus dollar.
Mr. SIMMONS. One hundrad and six cents
on th& dollar is what they say it is intrinsically
worth. The Senator says there is no exchange
about it, and he has gone into the exchange be-
tween us and England. Now, I undertake tosay
that the pound sterling has as much fine gold in
it, within thirteen cents, as a half eagle, and that
is the reason ourGovernment put it up. It isii>
tnnsically worth more than the old standard of
the law; and when we reduced the alloy in our
coin from one twelfth to one tenth, we depre-
ciated it six or seven per cent; yet" the Senator
says that this is not exchange. He is a man-who
can understand what I state, and I should like
him to tell me if an invoice of goo'ds was bought
in China, and paid- for by a draft on England, as
is generally done, at three dollars a pound sterl-
ing, and that invoice was sent to us as costing
the three dollars, should we get any more duties
than the percentage on the three dollars?
Mr. TOOMBS. No. :
Mr. SIMMONS. Then what are we disputing
about? The Senator said I was mistaken.
Mr. TOOMBS. I said the Senator was mis-
taken in supposing that to be exchange. I stated
the true basis to be natural exchange; and the
whole difference, as he now admits without see-
ing it, grows out of a difference of value m the
unit of currency.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator said I was mis-
taken about the cost of the invoice of teas and
silks in the case I put. I said we did not get over
twelve per cent, on an invoice of silk on %jiat it
cost laid down in New York. I knew I was
right, and I have brought these certificates to show,
that not only is it the case in teas and silks, but
we lose in paying salaries in the same propor- .
tion. The Setfcttor from Florida is entirely wrong.
I was told by the Secretary of State, y'esterday
morning, when I went there for these papers, that
it was the greatest outrage in existence; and I
think he is as gond authority as the Senator from
Florida. The Departments require, when a bill
of exchange is drawn on them, that it shall be
accompanied by the certificate of a merchant in
the place, and the certificate of the consul, stating
what the current rate of exchange is. I have got
the printed regulations on the subject, and I have
brought the certificates here to show exactly what
we do pa v.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the Senator allow me to
correct him in reference to a pon>>t made by the *
Senator from Florida? You say it is a great out-
rage; does the purser make one dollar in the case
[ you put of navy disbursements?
i Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir. '
! Mr.'TOOMBS.- Not one. If he buys goods
I in China, and pays a bill of seventy-two dollars,
| it takes one hundred of his dollars on board the
! ship, and he does not make a dime by the opera-
; tion.
Mr. SIMMONS. If we pay our salaries at the
Treasury of the United States m bills of exchange
: drawn in China at fifty-eight cents on the dollar,
i we pay over twenty thousand dollars, while we
nominally give the minister $12,000 salary. Can
' you deny that?
! Mr. TOOMBS. J admit we pay that much of
, our money, but not of their money.
J Mr. SIMMONS. We pay that much in our
i money. Well, I want to know what are the sal-
j aries on our statute-books? When we say in our
| law that we will pay $12,000, do we mean to pay
in the currency of China, in Carolus dollars that
are not in existence, or do we mean to pay it in
the legal currency of the United States? That is
the question. I say that a minister in China, for
