1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
a salary of $12,000, gets #20,000, and lie can re-
mit his bill heie, wiih his certificate of exchange,
under the regulations of the Department. .Now,
however, they require iiiin to soil it. How easy
it is for him to sell it to anybody there who will
give him the dollars. If he wants to invest, he
can send it heie to JNfew York \ and so he can send
$20,000 to his family here for $12,000 salary.
The Senaie will never find me carping about
$1,00 I for this man or §1,000 for that. If we do
not pay our diplomats enough, raise them by
law; but do not. have a man who, professedly,
goes to China at a salary of $12,000, get more
than you give to a minister at any oilier court in
the world, and have it appear on the statute-book
less. That is what I am after. I have no objec-
tion to raising the-salary, if it is too low; but
Congress never imagined, in fixing the salary of
the minister to China, that he was actually to
get moie than the ministerto England or France.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the Senator allow me a
moment to reply ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not wish to continue this
debate; for 1 find it utteily impossible, when I state
a fact clearly, for the Senator to admit it. The
custom from the beginning of the Government
until now, has been, as t stated, to pay our min-
isters their salaries at the value of money in the
country where they go to; for it is there they
spend it. I have looked through'these tables with
reference to my publicduties here, and 1 say that,
by that rule, the Government, in some cases, ac-
tually makes money, and in other cases loses it.
If you take the report of the Secretary of State,
for the last year, you will see lhat on account ot
the difference in currency in some countries, we
are gamers, and in otheis we are losers, as com-
pared with our own unit of currency. The cus-
tom having been, uniformly, to pay what the
currency is worth in the country where it is ex-
pended, I say it is the meaning of the act to pay
in that way, and no other way. The simple
question is, whether you will do this, or make
the minister lose the difference. If you send him
to a country where the rule works the other way.
the Departmentsaves the difference, and there are
two or three case's of that kind, as I saw in the
report of last year. 1 recollect reading it, as 1 do
all the reports of the Departments. I have not
got it l^y me now; I have not seen it since the
beginning of the session; but I recollect that in
some countries there is a positivo gain to the Gov-
ernment, and loss to the minister, by the univer-
sality of this rule.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to see the gain
in any country. If a man draws exchange upon
the United States in any country, and loses upon
it, he is not fit lo represent us there. If he is not
sharp enough to look out for that, I would not
ti ust him to look out for the interests of the coun-
try. In point of fact, there is a geneial loss, as
shown by the documents to which 1 have alluded.
But the Senator from Georgia is getting off from
this matter about China. 1 know ihe fact, lhat
when I was a boy, Caiolus dollars could be got
foi one hundied and five cents anywhere; but
there has not been one of them coined in sixty
years. I was about to tell the Senator what the
result was of trying to get them coined. The Sen-
ator says if there was such a percentage to be
made, why would not people go around lo get
them? There is an arbitraly rule in regard to
them; but ten years ago there w.as a profit oti the
rupee of Bengal of len* per cent, more than on the
Carolus dollar. The whole of this business in
China is a monopoly; but few merchants can do
the business, and they own all the Carolus dol-
lars, and they establish the rule and make from
sixty-six to seveniy-fii'e per cont. premmm; and
you cannot, pass anything else there.
But the S. nator says this has been the prevail-
ing custom. it is only within ten years past lhat
these difficulties about the rate of < xcliange have
existed. 1 have no doubt that formerly, what the
old silver dollar of the United States was intrin-
sically wonh, was based exactly on one of these
Spanish dollars; It was woith as much; and why
yu..;uld it noi be? A fiiend t>>ld me they sent to j
Iiyl'y «,*;/! had Carolosdollars coined, with the ex- |
act anniui,: of pure silver, and the exact amount ;
of alloy, as lev." a ./Is? -A-mile as could be; they mid |
them sent out the.ifo and brought to China, and j
taijeed them with the .China dollars, and these
Chinamen would throw them out without look-
ing at them, and would not take them.
My object is to prevent this great waste. When
we say that we are paying a salary of §12,000, I
do not want to pay $20,000. I would prefer to
say that the salary shall be $20,000, and shall be
paid in the legal cunency of the United States.
Let us know what we are paying, and I arff con-
tent. There is no more reason for our paying
one of these commercial agents, whose salary is
$4,000 at Shanghae, $6,666, in order to give him
the $4,000, than there is in paying a salary any-
where in South America at the same rate. But
I believe there is a defense here for any extrava-
gance and outrage that is commuted on the Treas-
ury. There is no possibility of making a plain
statement of facts without raising a controversy
as to-tlie money unit of the world, and the ex-
change ofthe world. And what is exchange ? Ex-
change is the difference between the currency of
one country and the currency of another country,
and is so recognized by merchants throughout the
wpild—enlia. ced, to be sure,by the cost of trans-
mitting sometimes the remittances from country
to country. When we say the par of exchange
between our currency and that of Great Britain
is nine and a half per cent., we fix what the in-
trinsic value of their coin is over ours; and that
is called exchange, and has been since the world
began. When exchange is against us, you find
it go up to ten or ten and a half per cent., because
it costs freight and insurance on the coin to send
it, about one per cent.; and bills drawn on Eng-
land generally, when they are quoted, are drawn
at sixty days. Now, at any time it will cost
eleven per cent, premium on American gold to
lay it down and pay a debt in England a sight
debt; but when you pay it by sixty days ex-
change, you save the insurance upon the voyage,
because you draw two or three bills, and if one
fails another will get through. That is about the
history of it.
I say here is an abuse; and when we come to
the naval bill, I shall the attention of the Naval
Committee to see if theycannotfind some method
of remitting Mexican dollars There is a differ-
ence between the Mexican and Carolus dollars of
some fourteen per cent., and Mexican dollars are
the currency m Canton where a part of our dis-
bursements are made; and we had better pay the
Mexican dollais at seventy-two than our dollars,
and lose a discount of forty-two per cent. I
want the-Giivernment of ihe United Stales not to
waste two fifths of all they pay out rn exchange.
1 am willing to allow ten percent, for the differ-
ence of interest and the cost of remittance; but
in "'v v'w    -
there is no reason or propriety in paying the sal-
aries of the officers of this Government at fifty-
eight or sixty cents on the dollar, so that when
our law provides for a salary of $12,000 to the
minister in China, we actually pay $20,000. I
am in hopes the chairman of the Committee on
Finance will see the propriety of some such pro-
vision. 1 am not captious about it; but I desire
to save the Treasury from this great burden. The
attention ofthe Senate has been called to it here-
tofore, and there is a continual chafing and hig-
gling about this exchange, and we ought to rem-
edy it. If the salaries we pay are not such as to
secure ihe right kind of men to represent us, let
us increase them; but let us know what we pay.
Mr. HUNTER. As I undeistand it, the con-
troversy which arose between our foreign minis-
ters and Mr. Guthrie, as to the mode of payment,
originated m the difference between silver and
"old. About that lime, the gold of the world, as
compared with silver, was depreciated something,
I think, like five per cent., perhaps between five
and six percent. The foreign ministers admitted
lhat all they had a right to claim was $9,000, laid
down in Paris, or Shanghae, or wherever they
were; but they claimed, inasmuch as the silver
dollar was then worth five per cent, more than
the gold dollai, that the silver dollar should be
laid down lo them at that place, and not the. gold
dollar. Mr. Guthrie, on the other hand, main-
tained that it was the gold dollar which should be
paid to them. He practiced upon that decision,
and I understand it has been practiced upon ever
since at the TreaoUry Department. He had.con-
troversies originally with the foreign ministers as
to whether it should be the gold or silver doliai,
and it was for that reason he invoked legislation.
It was for the purpose of declaring that it was the
gold and not the silver dollar to which they should
•be entitled. The practice, however, I understand,
has settled that matter. They are paid now in
ihe gold currency; but it is the $9,000, or the
§15,000, 01- whatever the amount is, laid down at
the place where they are, to which they are enti-
tled; and this whole difficulty arises as to their
getting it there. Nobody disputes that, if the
Government were to take the money and pay them
in specie in the place, their claims would be satis-
fied. In most instances, it does not do so, but
allows them to draw; and difficulties arise in re-
gard to the expense of exchange, in regard to what
the exchange costs them. I do not see how that
is to be regulated by law, I do not see how that
is to be regulated in any other way than through
the discretion of the Department, to take evidence
as to what is the real par of exchange between
the place where they draw and the country on
which they draw, or else by sending out the
money to them. These are the only two modes
in which I see that it can be regulated.
I understand, however, in point of fact, that
there begins to be a demand for the old American
dollar in San Francisco. I think the superintend-
ent of the mint there has applied for authority to
the Department—the authority exists by law now
 to coin those old dollars, for the purpose of
transmitting them to China, in order to gain the
premium which they pay for silver; and, if this
be done, I suppose that, so far as China is con-
cerned—which is the place in regaid to which
there have been most difficulties of exchange—
there will soon be abundant opportunities for the
remittance of the silver itself. But, be that as it
may, whatever the actual cost of exchange is the
minister is entitled to; and we cannot Specify by
the law what it is to be, because it is his right to
have his salary paid down to him in the dollars
to which it will amount at the place where he is
living; and, unless you carry them there actually
in specie, you have to resort to the circuitous
mode of exchange, and have to pay the actual
charges, whateverthey are.
Mr. SIMM.ONS. 1 suppose the Senator from
Virginia does not undertake to deny that, accord-
ing to the certificates that I presented from the
State Department, if a minister or consul in China
draws a draft for a doilar, only fifty-eight cents
goes towards the man's salary. That is a dis-
count of forty-two per cent., which is an advance
of seventy per cent.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know what they
pay. All 1 can say is, that is a matter oi Treas-
ury regulation. We cannot regulate the rate of
exchange by law. Whatever it is, they will have
to pay. If, in any such instances as these, the
charges for exchange aie so extravagant, it would
be better, and wiser, perhaps, to transmit the
money itself; but these are things, after all, for
which we have tp trust to the discretion of the
Department. 1 do not see how we can legislate
in rpgard to it. Exchange is a matter of trade,
not of legttl regulation.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator now under-
stands that all payments made in China by the
Treasury of ihe United States, and drawn by our
-officers and disbursing agents there, aie drawn at
the rate of five dollais for three due. It is time
some icgulation of law was made to stop this.
We should either direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to place sufficient funds in the hands
of our consuls and commercial agents to make
these payments of salaries, or w-e should limit the
rate of exchange at which they should be drawn.
There is no mistake about if, that a man whose
salary by the law is $12,000, actually^ realizes
§20,000. If the pay of these functionaries is not
enough, I am willing Lo raise it; but there is no
piopriety in having a man to appear to begetting
$4,000 and yet be actually getting nearly $7,000.
It does not follow that I propose to cut down
these salaries. I propose to remove these me-
! qualities in our missions. There is an inequality
' amounting to almost two thirds advance in some
! cases. There is no difficulty in our saving this.
' This is the only place we can save it by putting
! some qualification on these exchanges. I have
! no objection, if the Senator prefers to draw up
! such an amendment, to a provision saying that
1 the Secretary of the Treasury shall be directed to
I place funds in China for the payment of the sal-
aries of the agents of the Government, instead ot
| being drawn upon at these ruinous rates, i am
