1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GfcOBE.
69
will calf for the previous question to-morrow at
two o'clock.
MARYLAND CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BOYCE. I give notice to the HousS that I
will call up the Maryland contested-election case
as soon as the pending question is disposed of.
The motion of Mr. Wasuburne, of Illinois, was
then agreed to; and thereupon the House (at quar-
ter past four o'clock) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 14, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. P. D. Gurley, D. D.
Hon. Sam Houston, of Texas, appeared to-
day.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Davis on the Committee on
Printing, in the place of Mr. Clincman, excused.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HALE presented six petitions from George
M. Lee and others, clerks of navy-yards, pray-
ing for an increase of salary; which were referred
to the Committee on N&val Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
New Hampshire and members of the Legislature
of the State, praying that a system of instruction
may be introduced on board our national ships
and vessels for the improvement of the personnel
of the Navy; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of J.
Hosford Smith, praying to be allowed to import,
free of duties, three iron steamers, to be used in
the coasting trade, and registered as American
vessels; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. BIGLER presented the amended memo-
rial of Hayne M. Salomon, praying indemnity
for moneys advanced to members of the Continen-
tal Congress, and public securities held by his
father, Hayne Salomon; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DURKEE presented the memorial of Clark
Hoadley, a soldier in the war with Great Britain,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of Orrin W.
Rice, praying to be indemnified for a loss sus-
tained by him as contractor for a military road
in Minnesota; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FOSTER presented a memorial of the Gov-
ernor, Lieutenant Governor, Secretary of State,
and members of the Legislature of Connecticut,
praying for the adoption of a system of instruction
on board our ships-of-war for the improvement
of the personnel of the Navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Wil-
liam Welsh, a soldier in the last war with Great
Britain, and subsequent Indian wars, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to-the
Committee on Pensions, am
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the memorial
of John D. Colmesnil, President of the Ohio and
Mississippi Mail Line Company, praying com-
pensation for carrying the mail between Louis-
ville and New Orleans during the boating seasons
of 1832and 1833; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the Territory of Dacotah, elected under
a resolution passed at a mass convention held for
the purpose of establishing a temporary govern-
ment, praying Congress to approve the laws of
the Territory, and to extend to it a more perfect
organization; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
Mr. HALE. I hold in my hand the pe^tion
of Dorcas Stewart, who represents that she is the
widow of a soldier who enlisted in the service of
the United States in the war of 1812, and died in
the year 1814; that from that time to the present
she has been making continual claim on the Treas-
ury, and succeeded, in 1853—after the lapse of
nearly forty years—in getting a small pension of
about three dollars and fifty cents per month; and
she prays for an additional pension. She further
represents that in'1858 she ascertained that there
was due to her, by the books of the Treasury,
the sum of $130, which they |^d to her at that
late time without interest; andTSie prays that she
may have interest allowed her on the sum found
to be due; and also an additional pension. As
this petition involves two distinct matters, I move
that that part praying interest for money paid be
referred to the Committee on Claims, and the res-
idue to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 hold in my hand the me-
morial of the Rev. Joseph Stockbridge, of the
Baptist denomination, who is a chaplain in the
Navy of the United States. The memorial is
somewhat remarkable in its features^ and I ask
the attention of the Naval Committee for twomin-
utes to the statement which he makes. He sets
forth, in the first place, that while in the dis-
charge of his official duties, he was requested by
the commodore and lieutenant who were in com-
mand of the vessel on which he was serving, to
use the Episcopal liturgy, under an intimation that
if he did not use it, he would be superseded. Pol-
lowing that immediately was a series of indig-
nities, whieh he attributes solely to his refusal to
use the forms which they prescribed, rendering
his services useless, and he himself was insulted.
He concludes his memorial in this language:
" Your memorialist believes there is a design to fasten on
the Navy the Episcopal liturgy, not only from what he has
stated above, but from the fact that already several non-
Episeopal chaplains have conformed, and also from the
significant fact that your memorialist was refused permis-
sion to preach on boaid the razee Independence, in the
harbor of Rio, on the ground that he would not read his
prayers. He therefore asks the enactment of such laws as
will protect him in future, and punish offenders."
If the facts which this chaplain sets forth be
true, they are clearly in derogation of the Con-
stitution. That instrument provides that "Con-
gress shall make no law respecting an establish-
ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise
thereof;" if rules can be established in the Navy,
subversive of this guarantee of the Constitution,
they are equally as unconstitutional as would be
such a law passed by Congress.
I am also informed that the attention of Con-
gress will be called to this subject by religious
denominations of several States in the Union, and
by the Old-School Presbyterians of the city of
Baltimore. It is a matter that invites the atten-
tion of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and I
hope they will give to it that investigation which
its importance demands., I ask that the memo-
rial be referred to the .-Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
It was so referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Joseph Humphries, pray-
ing that the Secretary of the Navy may be authorized to
test his patent " floating anchor or diag," for vessels to ride
by m heavy gales of wind at sea, with a view to its adop-
tion in the Navy, on the files of the Senate, be recommitted
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of citizens of the town of
Mednrv, the memorial of the citizens of Big Sioux and
Medar'y counties, and the memorial of citizens of Pem-
bina county, all m the Territory of Dacotah, praying the or-
ganization of a territorial government for that Territory,
be recommitted to the Committee on Territories.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. RICE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the organization of
the Territory of Dacotah.
Mr. BRODERICK gave notice of his inten-
tn to ask leave to introduce a bill to facilitate
mmunication between the Atlantic and Pacific
States, by electric telegraph.
He also gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the trans-
portation of the United States mail, in steam-
ships, between San Francisco, in California, and
China, touching at the Sandwich Islands and
Japan.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 466) to
establish a system of common-school education
in the Navy, and to found libraries on board of
naval ships; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RICE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 467J extending the provisions of "An act to
enable the State of Arkansas and other States- to
reclaim the swamp lands within their limits" to
Minnesota; which was read twice by its title^ and
referred to the Committee on Public 3Lands. -*
He also asked, and by unanimous oeftsewf ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. JSFol 468) to aid
in the construction of certain railroads to the Pa-
cific, to encourage settlements on their lines, stud
for other purposes; which was read twice W its
title. f
Mr. RICE. I wilt state to the Senate tlvat my
purpose is, when the Pacific railroad bill reported
last session shall come up, to offer, as i substitute
for it, the bill which I hare just introduced. I
move, therefore, simply that jt lie on the table for
the present, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 469) to equalize the compensation of the Min-
isters of the United States to France and England,
during the period therein mentioned; w"hich was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
470) amendatory of existing laws relating to the
punishment of certain crimes against the United
States; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
471) for the relief of Anne M. Smith; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
THE COAST SURVEY.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to communicate to the Senate a copy of the special report
and accompanying papers prepared by the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey and of Weights and Measures,, in De-
cember, 1857, by direction of the Treasury Department,
showing the amount expended and the progress in each
year, and also the weights and measures furnished the dif-
ferent States and custom-houses, and their cost.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT GALVESTON.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S. No.
54) for changing the plan of the custom-house at
Galveston, in the State of Texas, have instructed
"me to report it back without amendment and rec-
ommend its passage. As it is a matter of local"'
interest, and the resolution is recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and does not in-
volve any cost to the Government, I hope it will
be acted on at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution, which proposes to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to make such alter-
ations of the dimensions and plan of the custom
house building now being constructed at Galves-
ton as he may deem best according to the petition
of the people of that city, with a proviso that the
cost of the building when completed shall not ex-
ceed the amount already appropriated.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS.
Mr. IVERSON. I offer the following reselu-
tion; and I hope the Senate will indulge me in its
present consideration:
Resolved, That the 34th standing ruleof the Senate be so
altered and amended as to make the Committee on Claims
consist of six members.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the coHsideration of the resolution?
Mr. MASON. I shall not object to the present
consideration of the resolution; but shall object
to its adoption. I do not like to see the commit-
tees enlarged. The subject was under consider-
ation among a large body of Senators the other
day, and the number ofthe committees was agreed
upon.
Mr. IVERSON. In relation to the propriety
of adopting the amendment which I have pro-
posed to the rules, in reply to the observations of
the Senator from Virginia, I will make this state-
ment : when this committee was formed by the
