1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19.
tion the other day, referring the subject to the
Finance Committee; but as this is one of the
causes of serious complaint, as it is one which
has grown up principally on account of exporta-
tion from Canada, and so on account of that
treaty, I hope this modicum of amendment may
be adopted, and to that extent I am sure it. will
serve some causes of complaint. When this sub-
ject shall hereafter come up, other difficulties may
be modified; but this is one which I think may be
very properly corrected at once. I shall-, there-
fore, vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me, the difficul-
ties of which gentlemen complain, grow out of
the reciprocity Creaty itself. The Senator from
Maine complains that so many vice consuls have
been appointed. Peihaps they were necessary
to certify the invoices in order to see that the re-
ciprocity was fully carried out, and that goods
were not brought in under it which ought to have
Raid duties. That may be necessary for the pro-
tection of the revenue. I do not say, because I
do not know, but I can well see that that might
be the case; and if they are -necessary incidents
to the reciprocity treaty, then Senators from that
section of the country have to consider whether
they prefer the reciprocity treaty, with these ne-
cessary evils, or whether they will put an end to
it. I have no doubt, whenever.they desire it, it
will be very easy to get an end put to the ieci-
procity treaty; but until then, if it be necessary to
keep up these vice consuls and agents in order to
see that frauds are not practiced under this law,
tliey should submit to whatever charges are ne-
cessary. I think they ought to be no greater than
just, enough to keep up sufficientofficcis toguaid
the revenue. It is very possible the charges now
may be too high; but'is the Scnatorsurc that they
will be* high enough as he has fixed the tariff >
"Will not tho consequence ho that they will have
to dismiss all the vice consuls, if they can only ho
paid out of#thc fees? We thus lose thesa guard-
ians of the revenue. That is the point on which
I atjn apprehensive. If the Senator can convince
me thaf there is no danger on that question, that
the fees are high enough to sustain the officeis, I
shall not make much objection to the amendment.
iVlr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to reply to the Sena-
toi Ss intei rogatory. My colleague, who is always
very prudent, has ollVred^an amendment, and (lie
only objection Jo it in that it does not go to tiie
rout of the evil. 1 shall vote for it; but Willi his
great prudence, he has not applied the r- meuy
which he ouiiht to apply. It is not the remedy
which the case demands. Now, sir, I undeitake
to nay, that all these vice consuls along the border
of Canada are as useless things as can exist on
earth. They are of'no earthly importance in the
world except to extort, from the exporter of the
commodity from the provinces into this country,
i\ little foe to pay somebody. AH these articles
go through your custom-house, whether they have
got the consulai certificate or have not got it; and
we iniirht, with just as much propriety, requne
consular tei s for goods imported into this country
from any pan of thcwoild, as to lequue these
ronsuhu o'ltitieates on goods impoiied ttom
Canada. Thoie is just as much ptopi imy in the
one ease as the othei, and there is nothing in it
from end to end; there is nothing about it m any
way or shape, t xcept to put a fee into the hands
oi tiie ctuieul for signing his name, that does no
good on earth.
We had none of this until the present consul
gem rat went there. All these goods came through
the custom-house, and all of them bore the proper
certificate of the custom-house officer. Now,
they have jii son~m way or other, got an old rule
of the Department revised—I have no doubt they
supposed'there might be some necessity, for it—
and this gieat number of vice consuls has been
appoints d. The amount of fees is very large,
a.id it nj a tax on thai free exchange of commod-
ities which we had a right to expect we should
have when the reciprocity treaty was entered-into
between the two Gkwcrnrnenty. AIL they do in
the world is simply to sign their names.
Nov;, { want to answer thequestion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia. He asks, does the amend-
ment offered by my colleague give a sufficient
compensation to the consul for.the service Ire per-
forms? It is fifty cents for writing his name. That
i«s 'us: what it i^. Everything he does has to un-
dergo the supervision of the custom-house officer
subsequently, and his' signature does no good
whatever. He makes no inspection, but simjdy
signs his name to the different certificates and
gets a dollar under the amendment.' I think it is
pretty good compensation. 1 should like to get
a small proportion of that sun^ for every time I
sign my name, and I think it is about as import-
ant in the one case as the other.
I am sorry thattheSenatorfrom Virginiaobjects
to this proposition, because I deem it highly im-
portant, and is it not a case that is limited to the
border, although we feel it more directly from the
lakes all the way down the St. Lawrence along the
border. Here is an evil which has grown up under
this treaty; and though there rftay be a variety of
evils existing under the consular system, and I
think I know there are, when we present you a
tangible point where you can apply a remedy at
once, do not say you-will not apply the remedy
there, because you have not got all the evils that
exist before you." Letusdotlns. I wish we could
apply the true remedy, and abolish all these vice
consuls. This consul general was sent to Canada,
if you will go into the history of the matter, to
collate statistics of the commerce of the two coun-
tries to show the important relations the one bore
to the other. That is the object. We had An-
drews's report on the commerce of Canada. That
was the design of getting up a consul general—
never to send him there with a horde of officers
around him to demand fees 04i the commerce of
the country for consular certificates. They are
as useless as the paper we tread beneath our feet.
Mr. l^ESSENDEN. I stated that this was a
new thing. My colleague has said it is entirely
unnecessary. I agree with him; but I did not
think it proper, as these officers had been appoint-
ed and had the right under the law to charge fees,
to strike at, the whole thing in the manner he has
suggested; lest, by asking too much, I should fail
to get anything. • I have just been informed by a
gentleman who made a purchase of five or six
thousand dollars' worth of lumber in Canada and
sent it over one of the railroads, that he saw no
consul and got no consular certificate, but he was
stopped by a custom-house officer. The custom-
house officer on the other side examined it, and
tlie custom-house officer on our side examined it.
lie certified :o his own invoice; they saw that it
was correct. There was no difficulty about it.
There is no place where goods go from one coun-
tiy to the oilier that theie is not a custom-house
officer on the other side of the line and a "custom-
hou->e ollicer on tins side of the line, under w hose
supervision that property must go. There id no
need of these consuls at all. The English Gov-
ernment have no consuls on our side of the line
to certify invoices. They trust it all to the cus-
tom-house officers. The business is so done, and
well done. 13ut'under the present consul general,
the moment he was appointed, to make money
he ijot this whole list of consular agents ap-
pointed along the line, who embarrass the busi-
ness and live on fees, and make no returns that
are woi thy of credit, as I really believe, to the
Uoveimw nt heie ay to the fees they receive. 1
believe no soit of icliance can he placed on them.
I have no doubt they get from thuty to fifty thou-
sand dollars a year. We cannot, stiike them out,
because the President appoints them; but what I
want to do is to disembarrass the trade between
the two countries, that it shall not be embarrassed
by these fellows whom you send there because
there was nothing else for them do. Let them
have a reasonable sum, and stop it at that.
Mr. KING. J reside on the fi on tier, where
this treaty m us opci ations is under the eye of all
who ate liwng there. There is a custom-house
in the village m which I reside, and one opposite.
[ know that the consular ofTieei opposite is one
of those whose fees are returned. As the Sena-
tor from Maine has said, all goods which are im-
ported or exported pass through the custom-house
of the countiy into which they go; our collectors
supervise them as regularly as they do goods
that pay duty. They are as exact in regard to
them. Whenever there is any infringement of
the law. they arc seized. They are carefully ex-
amined to sue if there is any violation or irregu-
larity m their papers. This system has grown
up from the disposition of people to get places,
in my judgment, and multiply offices, more than
from any scivice they perform to fhe country. I
do not believe they are necessary. I should
prefer to vote for abolishing these vice consular
fees on the Canada frontier; but the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Maine is moderate?
and reasonable, and I shall go for it. I see by the
report of the State Department, that some of these
officers get $1,500 a year for merely signing these
papers. I wish to stop that; and as 1 expect at
some future period, not remote, that this whole
subject will undergo a thorough investigation in
Congress, I am content to take the amendment
which he offers, which gives them fifty cents for
a certificate, and it is a good high price for sign-
ing their names, in my judgment. It is fifty
cents instead of two dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer this amendment by
direction of the majority of the Committee on Fi-
nance:
Jind be it further enacted, That fio more money during
the fiscal year comm<jncin<,'July 1, 1859, shall be expended
for the objects herein provided fm, than the amount appro-
priated in this bill, together with such amounts of the per-
manent and indefinite appropriations as may be applicable
thereto.
The object of the amendment is to do this—and
if the Senate should concur with me, I desire to
offer the same- to all the appropriation bills—to
confine the expenditures to the annual appropri-
ations, and the amounts of the permanent and in-
definite appropriations that may be applicable to
the various subjects of expenditure. It does not
prevent their using the outstanding appropria-
tions in order to pay the liabilities of last year
that are brought in~at this; but it provides, if they
should usojhcm in that way, that they should
economize enough of the annual expenditures to
pay the same sort of liabilities that will go over
into the succeeding year. In other words, the
amendment, if applied to the naval appropriation
bill, for instance, would limit the Navy Depart-
ment.to their estimates of what, would be ex-'
ponded out of the annual appropriations and out
of the permanent and indefinite appropriations,
that is to say, §13,000,000; that is the same amount
they actually did expend in the last fiscal year.
The effect of all this will be, if the Senate will
concur with me m putting this limitation on all
the appropriation bills, that we shall diminish
the appropriations from $73,000,000 down to
$61,000,000. That is to say, we shall act on the
supposition that all that ought to be used will be
the amount estimated for by the annual appro-
priations and the amount to be drawn from the
standing appiopnatiuns, that is, the permanent
and indefinite appropriations, and-act upon the
presumption that as much will be left standing
over of the liabilities of next year, to be paid in
the succeeding year, as will be left of the liabili-
ties of this fiscal year, not to be paid in the next
fiscal year. I think if the Senate will concur with
me in that, we shall be able to limit the expend-
itures, and curtail them m a manner which will
not affect injuriously the public service.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to inquire of the
Senator from Viigitiia whether, m the list of out-
standing appropuations which he read from the
other day, there was any applicable to the diplo-
matic service 5
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know tha,t there
was. It would be a small amount, if there was
any. This amendment would not have much
effect on this bill; but it would have very great
effect on the others, and m order to accomplish
the object, I propose to apply the same limitation
to all the appropriation bills.
Mr. SIMMONS. If it does not have any effect
on this bill, I do not \fish it put in. But when I
hcaid the Senator, the other day, undertake to
limit the amount that would bp expended next
year, by pretending to deduct from the estimates
§12,000,000 for the outstanding appropriations,
1 thought it was the most singular logic I ever
heard in my life. He stated as one instance, that
last year we expended $30,000,000 on the civil
list 
Mr. HUNTER. Twenty-six millions, exclu-
sive of the payment of the public debt.
Mr. SIMMONS. The figures were $36,000,000,
and the Senator said $36,000,000. Perhaps he
meant $"26,OUO,QQO. He said that the Secretary
of the Treasury estimated $19,000,000 for this
year, and asked'libertyto use §4,000,000 that was
outstanding from the appropriations of former
years. 1 was thinking of it, as the Senator was
