1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
that he wants the unexpended balances and
§19,000,000 to make out what he needs this year.
I take it the Secretary does the same thing in that
estimate that the gentleman now does here. He
says "that unexpended balance I want the-au-
thority to expend in the next year, for the accounts
of this year will come in then;" and there will
be just so much more of those that lapse from the
succeeding year into the one afterwards. Then he
says: "Notwithstanding all my accounts, which
•will accrue in the year ending the 30th of June,
1860, and pass over into the next year, I shall
still want $19,000,000 to meet that year, and the
unexpended balances in the Treasury." Now,if
he will need the $19,000,000 and the unexpended
balances to meet what will be presented to him
this year, why should we tell him he must hold
$4,000,000 on hasd, equal to the unexpended bal-
ances at the end of the year ? Has he made any
such estimate as that? Certainly not at all. He
says he wants $19,000,000 t.o use in the year, and
$4,000,000 of unexpended balances. Now, you
turn around on him and say, we grant all that,
but you must have $4,000,000 at the end of the
year besides. I do not understand how that is to
meet the requisition at all. I do not see how it
meets the estimate. I cannot see why this restric-
tion should be imposed, for certainly the estimate
is not made on any such basis.
Mr. SIMMONS. .If I understand the Senator
from Virginia, we spent $26,000,000 last year,
besides wliat was appropriated for the public debt.
The public debt is now about $70,000,000, as I
understand,
Mr. HUNTER. The public debt, including
Treasury notes out, is about $65,000,000.
Mr, SIM MONS. I say last year, including the
Treasury notes passed back and fouli, there were
$9,000,000 of the $36,000,000 of that character,
and about $26,000,000 or $27,000,000 were used
for the civil service. In the $19,000,000 now
estimated for, (here is between' $3,000,000 and
• $4,000,000 to pay the ifiterest of the public debt,
leaving about $15,000,000 to be applied to asei vice
which last year confessedly cost us $20,000,000
or $27,000,000. I ask the Senator fiom Virginia,
if he puts this restriction in, does he believe that
we can get along the next fiscal year wiih an out-
lay of $15,000,000 or $16,000,000, exclusive of
the public debt? If he does, it is safe to limit
it; but I have no idea tluit we can get alum; with
$19,000,000, including these $4,000,000. If", how-
ever, he gives it as his deliberate judgment that
he is going to retrench $11,000,000 during the
present fiscal year, on the civil list, I have no ob-
jection to making the attempt.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. 1 want to offer an amendment,
■which I do with some diftulenee, but I think it
duo to offei it. It is, at the end of line sventy-
seven, to insert:
And that there bo allowed to the consul at Liverpool, out
of the toes received by him, for compensation to the delta
in his office, $'4,001) per annum: J^ovulcd, The whole
amount paid to said consul, including hi-, salary, shall not
exceed the amount ol foes icceived hi any year at l « office
I do this with diffidence, because I am aware
that it would be a grout deal better to remedy any
one evil at the time when other existing evils may
be remedied; but it really has been made to appear
in the case of this consul, that the salary which is
given to him is so necessarily and heavily taxed
by the payment of the clerks- in his office, that 1
think it is due to the public service that he should
be relieved, at least to that extent. There is a
paper which, I suppose, has been sent to other
members, and communicated to us, also, by the
Secretary of State, showing that that officer now
has in his office at Liveipool five clerks, at very
moderate salaries, who, with a messenger, are paid
altogether $4,000; an evidence, f think, that it is
not an improvident expenditure of money to have
this number of clei ks. lie pays the same number
of clerks, and at the t'anip compensation, that he
found there when h ts predecessor was paid out of
the fees of his office, iiis piedecossor paid those
clerks out of the emoluments of his office. The
salary given to this officer is $7,500. IXe pays
$4,000 for his clerk hire; which reduces the salaiy
to less than one half what the law allows. I see
in the report on. the finances, in the table of the
salaries and fees of the different offices, that there
was received during the last yeai\ at Liverpool,
#11 ,169' in fees paid into the Treasury. The
amendment provides that out of those fees shall
be paid clerk hire to the extent of $4,000; with
a proviso that in no event shall the emoluments
of the office, together with the clerk hire, exceed
what shall be received as fees.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator if he moves that amend-
ment by direction of the Committee on Foreign
Relations?
Mr. MASON. No, sir.
Mr. CLAY. The amendment is not in order
if it is not moved by the authority of a commit-
tee.
Mr. MASON. I do not see that it is out of
order.
Mr. CLAY. I understand there is a standing
rule of the Senate that no amendment to an appro-
priation bill can be moved at the instance of an
individual member of the Senate, for increasing
the appropriations. I understand it must be (Tone
by the authority of a committee of the Senate.
You, sir, are more familiar with the rules of the
Senate than I am, and I appeal to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) That is the rule of the Senate. The
appropriation must be estimated for by a De-
partment, or recommended by a committee of the
Senate.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the ruling of the
Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to amend the bill in the
eightv-fifth line, by inserting after the word " hun-
dred " the words " and fifty," so that it will read
" $150,000." This was the estimate. If amended
as I propose, the clause will read;
For compensation of the commissioner, secretary, chief
a^tionoiiujr, and surveyor, assistant ashononwtr and sur
veyor, clerk, and for piovisions, transportation, and contin-
gencies of the commission to run and mailt the boundaiy
line butvveen the United States and the British possesions.
$150,000.
This is the sum which was estimated for by
the commissioner, and reported by the State De-
partment. It has been cut down in the other
House, I understand; but for what reason I do
not know. It appears in the estimate which was
made in the State Department, that $150,000 was
considered the lowest sum which could be prop-
erly asked, and it was restricted to that sum in
view of the condition of the Treasury, so as to
meet the objection which then oxfsted to huge
appropriations. I will merely say that this sur-
vey is now in progress; our surveyois have en-
tered the inteiior of the country; this sum is only
adequate for determining the astronomical posi-
tion, crossing the streams, and such marked lo-
calities as it was thought proper to note. The
British part of the survey has lingered behind our
own; but the British commissioner is now in the
field with adequate means to prosecute the survey
The consequence of cutting down the appropri-
ation, I fear, will be that the American commis-
sioner cannot keep pace with the British, and
some portion of the line, therefore, from the want
of means, will be surveyed entirely by the British,
without that full cooperation on the part of the
United States which I think essential in determ-
ining the boundary. This sum fnlisgreatly short
of wliat will be requited if the line is to be cut
out and traced. It is a heavily-timbered country,
and it was deemed unnecessary, by the commis-
sioner, at that time, to estimate for the amount
which was cu^-put the line agross from Puget
Sound, from tne termination of the last survey.
Since that time, howevei, the attraction of-gold
deposits discovered upon Fraser river, and the
constant influx by migration to that country,
would, probably, render it advisable that the line
should be marked from end to end—cut out
ihiou«h the forest; but as there is no estimate for
that, and I have, therefore, not a light to move
it, I only move to restore the appropriation to the
sum estimated for as the smallest sum which
would suffice for the year's efficient operations.
The motion wasagieed to.
Mr. "WILSON. I see, Mr. President, that, by
the law of last year, there was appropriated, for
consular salaries, $173,750. This bill appropri-
ates $240,000. Here is an increase of nearly sev-
enty thousand dollars, for the pay of consuls,
over last year's appropriations. This may be
right; but, before I vote for the bill, 1 should like
to know the reason why this increase is to be
made at this session?
Mr. HUNTER. Last year there was a balance
of outstanding appropriations, which they used.
Mr. WILSON. Then I would ask another
question. I see that, by the bill of last year, the
appropriation for contingent expenses of all the
missions abroad was $50,000; and, for the con-
tingent expenses of foreign intercourse, $60,000.
Now, 1 should like to know if it be necessary
to appropriate so large an amount for these pur-
poses this year as last?
Mr. HUNTER. The^contingentexpenses of
foreign intercourse" was the old secret-servicc
fund; and, for the contingent expenses of all the
missions abroad, (50,000 was not deemed large.
The estimate, I thmk, was $60,000. .It was cut
down to what was given last year, $50,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KING. I want a separate vote on the
amendment which was offered by the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment may be excepted; and the question will be
taken on the remainder in the aggregate.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now, is on concurring in <the amendment indi-
cated by the Senator from New Yoik.
Mr. KING. Let it be lead.
The Secretary lead it, as follows;
And be it Jw ther enae'ed. That no more money, during
the fiscal year commencing the 1st of July, 1859, shall he
expended ior the objects herein piovided for than the amount
appropnated in this bill, together with such amounts of the
permanent and indefinite, appiopnations as may be applica-
ble theieto.
Mr. KING. When that amendment was read
and adopted before, so far as a limitation of the
"expenditures and a reduction of the expenditures
was concerned, I was perfectly willing to assent
to it. Jtdid not strike me that the amendment
repealed appropriations heretofore made; but I
am given to understand that it may be construed
so as to repeal former appropriations, or provide
that, the Secretary may not expend money for
purposes heretofore appropriated. A few years
ago money was appropnatetlfor certain purposes,
which has not been expended. If it should pass
into the sutplus fund, this amendment, I fear,
from what I am told, may operate as a repeal of
those appropriations. I allude t > appropriations
which were made for oustom-houscs and post
offices, m one of which I am more especially in-
terested from its locality. If this amendment
should be construed as giving authority to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to discriminate' and refrain
from expending that money, I am opposed to it.
Whether it was intended for this purpose, or
whether that is to be the cffect of it, I am not cer-
tain. I certainly would not so understand the
language of the amendment; but if that is to be
its effect, I am opposed to it. The Secretary of
the Treasury was opposed to those appropriations,
and ho has heretofore refrained from executing
these laws, but considers himself bound by the
postive action of Congress in its laws, and would
feel constrained to go on and construct the build-
ings unless some action of Congress be taken
against them. My own opinion is, that so much
of the amendment as applies to appropriations
heietofoie made ought not to be adopted. So far
as the appropiiations of this year are concerned,
I suppose he cannot expend any more than is ap-
propriated; and the limitation of ^19,000,000, if
that shall not be the exact -sum appropriated,
would not amount to much. I desire to ask the
Chair whether an amendment to this amendment
will be in order, if the Senate should adopt it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
Not after it is adopted. An amendment to the
amendment is now in order.
Mr. KING. But will not be after it is adopted ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It must be
amended now, if at all.
Mr. KING. We are then put unfavorably
upon this proposition; but I move to amend it by
adding this proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall authorize
the Secretary to suspend the execution of laws for which
appropriations have been heretofore made.
Mr. HUNTER. I am opposed to the proviso
which the Senator from New York offers, because
