72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
"The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
cause the Secretary to read the pending question.
The Secretary read the amendment offered by
Mr. Polk at the last session; -which is to strike
out of the first eectionthe proposed eastern termi-
nus of the road, namely: "from a point on the
Missouri river, between the mouths of the Big
Sioux and Kansas rivers,"and in lieu thereof to
insert:
From a point on the Missouri river, or in the western
boundary line of the State ofMissouri or the State of Ark-
ansas, between the mouth of the Big Sioux river and Fort
Smith, on tile Arkansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending ques-
tion is on an amendment to this .amendment,
which was offered by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Doolittle,] which is to strike out of
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri the
words, " or in the western boundary line of the
State of Missouri or the State of Arkansas, be-
tween the mouth of the Big Sioux river," and in
lieu thereof to insert: " between Breckinridge, at
the confluence of the Bois-deigioux with the Red
River of the North, on the western boundary line
of Minnesota."
Mr. SEWARD. Is the amendment first read
printed?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that this amendment has not been printed.
Mr. FOOT. I take it. to be entirely 111 order
for the Senator from Mississippi to make the mo-
tion which be has made—to move the bill he in-
troduced as a substitute for the original bill of the
committee; but before the question shall bo taken
upon the substitution of his bill for the bill of the
committee, both of them are open to modification
which any member may move; so that, as I un-
derstand the rule, the first question now is upon
an amendment moved by the honorable Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Polk,] and to that, if I rec-
ollect aright, is pending an amendment, moved
by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doolittle.] After these amendments to the dif-
ferent sections of the original bill, which is first
before the Senate for amendment, shall have been
disposed of, and then after amendments to the
proposed substitute, which will next come before
the Senate for amendment, shall have been dis-
posed of, it will be in order to take the question
on the substitution. We are first to perfect the
original bill, and next the substitute,and then to
take the question on the substitution.
Mr. DAVIS. In moving my substitute I did
not intend to interfere with amendments to per-
fect the bill. It is a well-settled rule to allow that
to be first perfected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desired
it to be read to inform the Senate what is the pend-
ing question. The Chair does not doubt the right
of the Senator from Mississippi to make his mo-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. My motion is to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the original bill, and
insert what is printed on pages 1'2, II), 1-1, 15, 1G,
17, 18, and 19, of the document laid on our tables
this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire to have it read ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; I suppose that all the
Senators have read it.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that in some way,
informally, it may be understood that the amend-
ment and the amendments to that amendment
which are offered by the Senators from Missouri
and Wisconsin may be printed, so that we may
have them at a future s'age of the debate. I ask
unanimous consent to submit this motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ) f there be no ob-
jection, the order will be made for printing those
amendments. ["Agreed."]
Mr. FOSTER. There are also amendments
moved to subsequent sections of the same bill. I
hope that they will be also included in the motion
to print these proposed amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
1)0 made as to all the pending amendments, if
there be no objection. [" Agreed."]
Mr. WILSON. If that be the case, and
amendments are to be printed, I wish to move an
amendment to the first section of the bill, which
I should like to go with the others. My amend-
ment is to strike out, in the ninth and tenth lines
of the first section, the words " on the most eligi-
ble route, rcfcrence being had to feasibility, short-
ness, and economy;" and in their stead to insert:
" on the shortest practicable route between the
thirty-seyenth and forty-second parallels of north
latitude."
Mr. STTXART. I ask the Senator to modify
that amendment by making the northern limit the
forty-ninth parallel.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think I can do that.
There is a northern route talked of, and a south-
ern route, and a central route. My amendment
throws off five degrees of latitude on the south,
and seven and a half on the north, and puts the
road over the central region of the country. I
prefer that it should stand as I have offered it.
Mr. BRODERICK. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to make the southern limit the
thirty-fifth instead of the thirty-seventh parallel.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that I shallob-
ject to that. I will consent to that modification,
at the request of the Senator from California, and
fix the limit between the thirty-fifth and forty-
second parallels.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there remain
but a little over two months of this session; there
is a vast mass of public business to be done; and
if this bill continues before the Senate, it will oc-
oupy, I think, fruitlessly, a great deal of that time.
I think it can hardly pass both Houses. If it is
the pleasure of the Senate to continue it, I shall
of course acquiesce cheerfully; but to test it, I
move to lay the bill and amendments on the table;
and on this motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 23, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Mesbrn. Ailen, Bates, Bayard. Benjamin, Brown,
Co.uk ion, Clay, Chngman, Cuttcnden, Fitzpomek, Hamlin,
Hammond, llouxloa, Ilunier, Tverson, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Mason, Peatce, Eeid, Sebastian, Siidell, Thomson of
Ntuv Jersey, and Toombs—23_.
N'WS—Mot-sr-;. Bell, Biglo'i, Rnght, Broderiek, Chand-
ler, Claik. Coli.mier, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Duikce, Fcs-
Fitch, Foot, Fosior, Green, Gvvin, Uatlan, Jones,
Konnrdv, Km?,', Polk, Rice, Sewaid, Shield*, Simmons,
Stuait, Tiumbuil, vVado, Waul, Wilson,and Wright—32.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the table.
TheV ICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read, for in formation, the amendment of the Sena-
• tor from Mississippi.
j Mr. FOOT. 1 suppose there is no desire on the
j part of the Senate, or any member of the Senate,
to hear that substitute read. It is a long one, and
1 presume we arc all familiar with it. It lies on
ouy tabled. If, however, the reading of it is called
for by any member, I lu\ve no objection.
Mr. HUNTER.. I should like to hear it read
or explained. I do not know what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
prococd with the leading of the amendment.
The Secretary read Mr. Davis's proposed
amendment, which is to strike out all the original
bill, as reported by the select committee, after the
enacting clause, and to insert the following sub-
stitute:
That the Pi evident of the United States be, and he is
heicby, authoiwd and directed to adveitise for pioposals
to cMiibiihh laihvay communication across the territory of
the Untied States, and thus to connect the States of the
Atlantic and the Pacific, and to coimaet lor the tsan&por-
taiion, upon <-;ud taihoad, oft lie United States mails, troops,
^'uinen, munitions of war, supplies foi the Ai my and Navy,
and all other (jovemment service.
^ if.;}. Jiti'l be it further enacted^ That the party con-
ti acting to establish said l ail way communication shall be
required to consiiuct the railroad in a substantial and work-
in trilsko lu.umn, equal m all ict-pects to raihonds of the
fn-tcia-^, With all the necessary diains, culverts, budges,
viaducts, eio^tmis, turnouts, stations, and watering places,
and all othei appuitenances, including equipment and
rolling frock. And the taid railroad, with all its appurte-
nance* and equipment, shall he finished and put into com-
plete operation wtlhin the period often years from the ex-
ecution ol the conlidct.
Sec. 3 *dnd he it jurther enacted,, That, to atd in the
conduction of said load, theie shall he, and hereby is, ap-
propi latcd and set apart the alternate sections of public
i land, for the «pace of t-ix miles on each side of said road,
: to bo held and conveyed as herein provided. The alternate
! seei'ons hereby appropriated shall be those designated in
the public surveys by odd numbers ; and the contracting
party receiving lands under the provisions of this act, shall
be required to bull, and unconditionally convey, one half
of the same within five years Irom and al'ter the issuing of
the patent for the same, and Uie remaining halfwithm ten
yean fiom the issuing of the patents; and all said lands
not so alienated shall revert to and become the property of
the United States.
See. ■!. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the party with
whom the contiaet aforesaid may be made shall proceed
without delay to locate the general route of said road,
and furnish a detailed suivey ami map thereof to the Pres-
ident, who shall cause the public lands, to the extent of
forty miles on each side of said toad, to be surveyed, and
the'lndian title thereto to be extinguished as soon as prac-
ticable j and the provisions of the act of September, 1841,
granting preemption rights, and the acts amendatory there-
of,^hali be, and the same are hereby, extended to the lands
thus surveyed, excepting those herein set apart and appro-
priated for the use of the said road.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in making said
contract, it shall be stipulated that the said road be divided
into sections of twenty-five trul&ji each, and that none of
said lands are to be conveyed to The contracting party until
one section is completed and put into successful operation,
when the President shall convey by patent to the contract-
ing parry three fourths of the land pertaining to the section
so completed, retaining the other fourth for security for the
completion of the next section of twenty-five miles; and
when the next is completedpKhe President shall, in like
manner, convey to the contracting party three fourths of
the land pertaining to that section, together with the re-
served one fourth on the preceding section; and so on with
each succeeding section, conveying three fourths and re-
taining one fourth as security for the completion of the next
until the last section of the road is finished and put into op-
eration, when the President shall convey to the contracting
party the residue of the lands hereby appropriated.
Sec. 6. *&nd be it further enacted, That the land of the
United States, for two hundred feet in width, along the
entire line of said road, is hereby set apart and dedicated
for raihoad and such other purposes, jnot incompatible with
this grant, as Congress may dfothorize and direct; and the
paity contracting for said road may take any earth, stone,
timber, or other necessary materials, for the conduction
and keeping m repair of the road, within the^Rd two
hundied leet, subject to such regulations as Congress may
provide.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacteW, That the contracting
paity for, or owners of, said road may at anytime construct
one or more additional tracks, within the two hundred feet
set apait for the right of way; and it shall be the duty of
said contracting paity, or owneis of said road, to permit any
other railroad, which shall be authorized to be built by
the Legislatuieof any Territory or State m which the same
may be situated, to form connections with it on fair and
equal terms.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized to enter into contiacts for the
tianspoitation, under the direction of the proper Depart-
ments, on the said road, when completed, and for any
available pan theieof, while said road is m course of con-
struction, for the peilod of twenty years, of the United
States mails, and all military and naval supplies, troops,
seamen, passengers, and freights of all kinds for Govern-
ment purposes, with the limitation that the price to be paid
shall not exceed that which the Government would neces-
sarily pay by any existing means of ti asportation, nor in
time of war be higher than the rates stipulated for m time
of peace.
Sec 9. Jlndbe it further enacted, Thatm any ease where
the passengeis and freight shall be greater than the trans-
porting capacity of the ioad,the trovernment shall have
priority of right for all purposes of transportation.
Sec. 10. j.Ind be it Jwthcr enacted, That for and in con-
sideration of the advantages thus to be secured to the Uni-
ted States in the use of said road, auu further to aid in the
construction of said road, $10,000,000-are hereby appropri-
ated, to be Udvanced upon the following conditions and pro-
visions, to wit: As a guaiantee ot the laithtul performance
of the contiaet herembelore described, the contracting
party shall deposit with thr* Secretary of the Treasury the
sum of $500,000, in bonds or certificates of stock of the Uni-
ted States, which may be subsequently wnhdiawn in sums
of $10,000, as the work progresses, on production of vouch-
ers, showing, to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, that an amount equal thereto has been expended
in the constiuction*of said load. When one twentieth part
of the hue of said road, locaied as hereinbefore described,
is completed and put in successful operation, the President
shall cause to be advanced to the contracting party the twen-
tieth part, less ten per centum, of the whole sum of money
herein appropriated. And, in like manner, when each suc-
ceeding section of equal extent is completed and put in
successful operation, an equal amount shall be advanced to
the contracting party until the whole road is completed,
when the ten per centum reserved shall be advanced to the
contracting party, as hereinbefore provided.
See. 11. jlnd be it further enacted, That until the sum of
money thus advanced to aid m the construction of the road
shall have been repaid to the United States, no dividends
shall be declaied to the stockholders of said load, nor other
sum be retained by the contracting party than that which
may be necessary for the maintenance and successful oper-
ation ot the road.
Sec. 32. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That until the said
contracting party or ovvneis shall have lully reimbursed the
United States for the advance of money heiein authorized
to be made, they shall keep books m which shall be entered
reglilar statements of all disbursements, expenditures, and
receipts setfng forth specifically the objects of said ex-
penditures, and the sources whence such' receipts aie de-
nved, together with a particular account of all accidents
that may occur affecting property or persons, or causing
delays upon the load; winch books shall be open at all
times to the inspection of the President of the United States,
or any person authorized by lnm to examine the same, and
to the members of each House of Congress ; and the con-
tracting party or owners shall make a report thereof annu-
ally to the President of the United States, on the 1st day of
October m each year, accompanied by a minute and detailed
exhibit of the expenditures and profits of said road for the
year^R'eceding, to be attested by the oaths of their secre-
tary and treasurer, which report shall be transmitted to
Congress at the commencement of each session.
Sec. J3. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That should said con-
tracting party neglect, refuse, or in any way fail to prose-
cute the work undertaken by them m a manner to secure
the completion thereof in compliance with the contract,
then all rights of said contracting party to the said road, right
of way, lands, or other property pertaining thereto, includ-
ing such amount of the sums of money advanced, if any,
tnat may remain unexpended, shall be and become forfeit-
ed, and the United States may enter and retain the same-
In the event of such forfeiture, to be determined by the Pres-
