1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
—I will be very frank—a part of my purpose was
to enable the Secretary of the Treasury, as he in-
timates in his report, authority ought to begiven,
while the times are hard, to suspend the applica-
tion of appropriations to public buildings which
are going on. That was one of the things I had
in view. If the Senator will not press his amend-
ment, I will offer a modification of my original
amendment which, it seems to me, will perhaps
accommodate both parties. • Instead of saying
*' the whole amount expended during the next
fiscal year," I will say " the whole amount for
the fiscal year." That will give the Secretary of
the Treasury between nineteen and twenty mil-
lions to be spent in the service of the fiscal year;
it will give so much of the §4,500,000 outstanding
as it may be necessary to apply to the liabilities
of this year; but will not allow him to expend
anything of that over what may be called for by
the liabilities of this year. Out of that, if, in his
discretion, he chooses to*go on with the public
buildings, he can go on. It will still be leaving the
matter as it now is. Witli the consent of the Sen-
ate, I should like to modify the original proposi-
tion so as to read '£ for the fiscal year," instead
of " during the fiscal year."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will re-
quire unanimous consenl. The Chair hears no
objection, and it is so modified.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to reserve for a vote the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr, SIMMONS. That has passed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to reconsider it, if it
has passed. I will wait, however, until this ques-
tion is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairun-
derstood the Senator from Georgia to interpose a
motion to reconsider the vote on concurring in the
amendment offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island. The question now is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New York, to the
amendment made us in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KING. I ask (hat the amendment which !
has been agreed to be read as it has been mod-
ified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jinibeit further enacted, That no more money for the
fiscal year commencing Jul\* 1, lboi), shall be expended for
the objects therein provided for, than the amount appiopri-
ated m this bi/i, together With such amounts ot permanent
appropriations as may be applicable thereto.
Mr. KING. I will now ask the Senator from
Virginia to construe it.
Mr. HUNTER. The Secretary, under it, would
be allowed to expend the sum'of between nine-
teen and twenty million dollars, which he esti-
mates for the civil service of the next fiscal year.
He would be allowed to expend, out of the out-
standing appropriations, as much as might be
necessary to meet the liabilities of the preceding
year.
Mr. KING. Would it be matter of discretion
with the Secretary to carry out the previously
existing law ?
Mr. HUNTER. It would be a matter of dis-
cretion the same as heretofore.
Mr. KING. All I wanton this subject is, that
the law shall be so clear that there can be no mis-
understanding about it; and I will state frankly
the views of the Secretary, as I understand them
from him. I trust it will not be regaided as any
impropriety for me to state here his views, for
it is a subject in which 1 have felt some inter-
est, and I have conversed with him m regard to I
it. He considers an act of Congress making an |
appropriation, and directing him to e-xpend it for I
a particular purpose, as obligatory on him; and |
I have no doubt it is, and he does not feel at lib- i
erty to refrain from executing the law, whatever j
may be his own opinion of its fitness or propn- j
ety, without authority from Congress; but as this ,
amendment is now modified by tile Senator from \
Virginia, I understand it gives him that discre- I
lion. ,
Mr. HUNTER. It does not. j
Mr. KING. If it does not, of course I am con- j
tent with it. In all my intercourse with these !
gentlemen I have felt great confidence in relying I
on the statement which they make; but I know !
that in the construction of laws, very honest dif- I
ferences of opinion may exist as to their effect. !
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] has !
prepared an amendment which simply goes to that i
extent, which I hope the Senator from Virginia. 11
1155
will allow me to add for greater security. It is
in the form of a proviso.
Provided. That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to repeal any existing appropriating or to author-
ize the suspension of expenditures authorized by existing
laws. J *
Mr. HUNTER. If you will say nothing slfall
repeal any appropriation, I will not object; but
the Secretary must judge how much he can ex-
pend.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That leaves it as it was
before.
Mr. HUNTER. If you will say only that it
shall not repeal any appropriation, 1' shall not
object; but if you say it shall not suspend it, he
may construe it into a direction to go on.
Mr. KING. I do not ask a d irection that he
shall go on. I only ask that there shall be noth-
ing in the law which can be construed into au-
thority to him to suspend it.
Mr. HUNTER. Would not the Senator's ob-
ject be accomplished by just striking out ail after
the words, " repeal any existing appropriation."
Mr. KING. I think not; and surely the sub-
sequent words only go to that fact. -They sim-
ply say we do not suspend the appropriations. I
say with frankness that I think it creditable to
the Secretary that he would pr-obaby have voted
against most of these appropriations which were
made. I think I should myself if they were ori- '
gwal propositions now here; but they have been
made, and in many instances the sites for the
buildings have been purchased. It has been so in
the place where I reside. I regard appropriations
already made and sanctioned by the two Houses
of Congress, as subjects which ought to be dealt
with frankly and fairly. I do not speak with any
disposition to complain of the opinion of the Sec-
cretary of the Treasury or of his desire to re-
trench; but I deny to him, what I believe is not
claimed anywhere, authority or discretion in him
to omit to execute a law of Congress; and I am
unwilling that, in any appropriation bill,by any
ambiguity of expression, any phrase shall be in-
serted which may be construed to confer this dis-
cretion on him. If it is conferred, there is no
doubt of the manner in which he will exercise it,
and I therefore hope, as this proviso accomplishes
nothing but this purpose, it may be allowed to be
added to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York proposes the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Provided, Thar nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to repeal any exiting appiopriauon. or to authorize
the suspension of expenditures authorized by existing laws.
Mr. HUNTER. That last clausc, I think,
would be a direction. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the words, " repeal
any existing appropriation."
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very clear that the
Senator from Virginia wishes to do away with
the whole force of the proviso, if I understand it.
I do not understand the exactdriftof the original
amendment; but let me suppose a case. After a
certain period, appropriations go to the surplus
fund. Now, if the Secretary chooses to keep off'
for another year that which has already been ap-
propriated and not expended, if he may spend all
the money appropriated within the year at his
discretion, the result will be that the appropria-
tions alluded to by the Senator from New York
will go into the surplus fund. On the other hand,
if this limitation be not imposed, he might use
the monuy which lies over for these purposes, and
leave just so much deficiency; that is, money un-
expended on the appropriations made this year.
Now, the object of the Senator from New York
is simply to prevent that, and the Senator from
Virginia must see that it cannot be construed as
a direction m any way. It provides simply that
what we have said in this clause shall not be con-
strued to authorize him to suspend any appro-
priation heretofore made; that is, it shall give
him no authority on that subject, which he would ;
not possess without the provision we now make.
That is the lesal effect of it, unquestionably. So 1
there is no difficulty about U; but it is simply pre-
venting what the Senator from New York de- !
signs to prevent; and that is, that the Secretary |
shall not avail himself of it to put any portion of j
the moneys thus appropriated into the surplus j
fund; that he shall have no authority,under this |
provision, to suspend the execution of the laws. I
I did not understand, when the original,amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia was submitted
to me5> what the alteration would be in these
cases; it never occurred to me, and J am very glad
that the Senator from New York has brought it
up; for, although I consented in committee that
the amendment should be reported, unless it is
made in the way suggested I shall be constrained
to vote against it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I cannot understand exactly
what the Senator from New York wants to pre-*
vent. I should like him to propose in his amend-
ment, in specific terms, what he wants to do. I
recollect a case in which the Senator from New
York took some interest, where, a few yeafs ago,
Congress, as he states, ordered a custom-hotfs&
to be built at a particular place, and he says a
lot has been bought. It is a place where therfr
is no revenue collected, according to my recol-
lection. So appropriations were made for cus-
tom-houses at Knoxville, at Memphis, .and at
Nashville. They were all put together. There
has been no contract to erect them, and they ar$
unnecessary; and I desire to repeal the act which
authorized them. If it is a bad measure, an un-
executed bad measure, I do not see any differ-
ence between supporting it originally and not re-
pealing it now. If it was a thing; ttfat ought not
to be done, I would not do it. I do not say I
would stop buildings in process of construction;
I do not wish to go that far now, for I have no
information on the subject; but if it is better for
the Government to abandon than to go through
with them, I would stop. F would act as a pri-
vate individual would do. In all that ^lass of
cases in which the Government has mad? no con-
tract for buildings, I ,'at least, desire when we come
to the miscellaneous appropriation bill to putinea
clause.that money shall not be spent foranysuch
purposes. I .do not know a more proper item of
retrenchment. If, a number of years ago, Con-
gress ordered a custom-house to be built where
there were no customs to collect, a building wholly
unnecessary, and difficulties in the Treasury have
prevented them not only from completing it, but
even from beginning it, I would repeal the appro-
priation. The fact thata lot has been boughtaoes
not make "any difference. It can be sold for some-
thing. I do not suppose the Government can
sell it for what they paid' for it; but something
can be got for it. So far as the public is con-
cerned, it is not wise to spend money in 4his
way. If the appropriations were originally un-
wise, and the Senator says he might originally
have voted against them himself, why not aban-
don them now? In many places a lot has not
even been bought; in others alotlias been bought;
hut because you have bought an unnecessary lot,
must you go on and put up an unnecessary build-
ing? It is not a sound rule. My purpose is, in
all cases in which these buildings have not been
commenced, to propose to repeal the law. Why-
should we not remove this injudicious action of
a former Congress when we injure nobody? Why
should we continue what is almost admitted now
by the Senator from New York himself to be an _
unnecessary expenditure, simply because it was
done two or three years ago by ourselves or any-
body else? I know no reason for it. It strikes
me that it is clear that if we would not do this
thing now, we ought not to carry it out, and my
purpose is to repeal it entirely.
Mr. KING. In the remarks which the Senator
from Virginia made, in advocating the passage of
this amendment, he alluded to public buildings;
and although I saw nothing in the amendment
which, in my judgment, as it applied to the bill
before us, would justify such a construction, still,
as he had made that remark in debate, and I have
been disposed to be watchful on this subject, and
not allow it to pass unnoticed, I asked him what
would be the construction of this amendment, and
he frankly stated that he thought it would cut off
those appropriations.
Mr. HUNTER. I was thinking of the general
purpose in my mind. I forgot, at the moment,
that this amendment was applicable only to the
consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. KING. I have that confidence in these
gentlemen thft nothing will be construed different
from what it is intended to be; and if this amend-
ment is not designed to have, as, in my opinion,
a fair construction would not give it, this effect, I
have no disposition to embarrass it by anything
