1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
78
iderit of the United State?, he shall proceed to relet that
portion of t^ie road remaining uncompleted under such for-
feited contract, and provide for the disposition of the work
in such a maurier as will secure the earhest completion of
the road in conformity with the provisions of this act: Pro-
vided, That he shall not stipulate, on the part of the United
States, f#r any higher or other terms than are authorized
and provided for in this act.
Sec. 14. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the proposals for
establishing the railroad coinrmimeatioo, and performing
the service hereinbefore described, shall be opened by the
President of the United States after due notice, in the pres-
ence of his Cahinet and such persons as may choose to at-
tend ; and he is hereby authorized and directed to enter
into contracts for establishing the railroad communication,
and for the transportation provided for in this act with the
party whose proposal shall be by him deemed mo?t advan-
tageous to the United States, for the full and complete per-
formance of &aid contracts*, in compliance with the provis-
ions of this act. All quH«.tton«! of damages and forfeitures
by reason of any breach of said contracts shall be determ-
ined by the express terms and conditions of the same:
Provided, That this act shall be taken and considered as
pari of any contract that map be made in accordance with
its provisions, in like manner, as if the same was set forth
in :%aid contract.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the principal
?ointsof difference between the amendment winch
have proposed as a substitute, and the original
bill, I will, with the consent of the Senate, pre-
sent to them very briefly.
First, no attempt is made in my substitute to
locate the road. The original bill locates the
road. I have always, from the time, at least, when
I first considered the subject maturely, believed
that it was not in the power of Congress to locate
the road so as to be at all satisfactory to the coun-
try at large, or to give any assurance of the con-
struction of the road, unless it is to be built by
the means and the Treasury of the United States.
In Congress, with all due respect to my associ-
ates, I must say the location of this road will be
apolitical question. It should be a question of
engineering, a commercial question, a govern-
mental question—not a question of partisan ad-
vantage, or of sectional success in a struggle
between parties and sections. To relieve it, then,
of that feature, I have only indicated a connec-
tion between the States of the Atlantic and the
Pacific, making neither beginning norending,and
relying upon the contractors, their wits sharpened
by their interests—the men whose money is to be
involved in the construction of the road—to findf
from examinations which have been made or may-
be made, where the road may be best located for
the advantage of those who are to construct it,
which, in other words, is the advantage of the
country. I have very little doubt that if capitalists
come forward to construct this road, they will
discard all political and sectional considerations;
that with them it will be a question of dividends,
of the interest to be derived from the investment;
and with them the location of the road will be a
question of engineering; it will be a physical
problem, determined by the face of the earth.
Thus set apart, and thus fixing it upon the best
route with the concentrated uses of the Govern-
ment, I believe one road may be built. I look
upon itas aherrnlean undertaking. I believe that
that country between the Mississippi and the Pa-
cific, which has been well denominated the desert,
is to remain so; that from its meteorological con-
ditions it can never be densely populated by an
agricultural people; and that, therefore, the road
will never be a paying one, except as it is required 1
for the uses of the Government.
The events of the present moment strongly con-
firm me in the view I have heretofore entertained
as to the want, I might say the necessity, of the
Government of some overland railroad communi-
cation. From time to time our intercourse with
our possessions on the Pacific has been disturbed;
and just at this moment we are threatened with
difficulties on oneof the transit routes,which may,
though I hone not, involve us in national troubles,
which will close all of those routes to us until a
navy shall be constructed which, by force, can
open them. AVhat, tlicn,\vouiil be the condition
of the Pacific coast ? As yet their agricultural re-
sources have not been sufficiently developed to
support even the population of the country, and
still less an army that might be sent there, .sepa-
rated from us by an Intermediate desert, it is not
within the power of the United States to give
them adequate protection.
I once made a calculation, which was read yes-
terday to the Senate, of the expense of transpoi-
tation. I think, 111 the same report, and if not,
in some other, another view of that subject was
taken, which exhibited the fact that, after the
question of expense had been overcome, there yet
remained a difficulty beyond, and that proved it
to be an impossibility thus to supply an army on
the coast of the Pacific. The reason is brief, and
I will state it. The draft animals in crossing this
wide belt of desert are compelled to live upon the
grass. Grass and water are found only at certain
places, and those sometimes so far apart as to
make it difficult for a day's journey to span the
intermediate space. It very soon follows that,
train succeeding train, the grass is consumed or
trodden down around all the watering places, and
then no more trains can cross the desert until there
is another crop of grass. Thus, I say, it is im-
possible with the present means of transport, to
perform our duties of defense towards the coast
j of the Pacific.
| This I hold to be a constitutional obligation
j upon the United States, and from that I derive
j whatever of constitutional power we possess for
; the construction of this road. If the Government
i of the United States, and the Government of the
; United States alone, had use for this road; if it
j had no commercial value; if it was unconnected
i with agriculture and travel: then, I say, the Uni-
j ted States would have the power out of its own
! resources to build the road, and hold it for its own
s uses. That, however, fortunately, is not our case.
, It has commercial uses; and it is right that all the
I interests which are involved in the construction
of the road should bear a proportionate share of
the burden. The United States is but a party;
and as a party it appears both in the original bill
and in the substitute. The $10,000,001) which
the substitute proposes to advance, and which is
to be refunded, is a very small representative of
the money which is annually paid for the trans-
portation of mails alone. If to that you add the
cost of the transportation of troops and munitions
of war for the Army and Navy m time of peace,
it will be found, 1 think, that in several years
that amount has equaled the whole sum which
it is proposed here to advance.
Another point of difference is, that the sum
which is tb be advanced is to be returned by the
company as it has net profits. Instead of re-
quiring the whole receipts of the company to be
paid to the United States until the sum advanced
has been returned, the net profits are only to be
claimed on the part of the United States. My
great object in this was, to prevent the danger of
the road lapsing to the United States. I hold a
railroad to be a sort of institution which the Uni-
ted States can neither own nor manage; that it
must be in the hands of a company. X wished,
therefore, particularly to avoid the danger of the
road, from its becoming unprofitable, falling into
the hands of the United States. And. one of the
changes made was, to remove/rom us as far as
possible this hazard; and therefore it lsthat only
the net proceeds, denying to them all dividends
or reserved funds, are to be paid to the United
States as they accrue, until the £10,000,000 ad-
vanced be refunded. To secure this, the next
section of the substitute provides for keeping an
accurate account of all leceipt and expenditures,
so as to give to the United States whatever of net
profits there is, until the §10,000,000 shall have
been returned. This is about one third of the sum
provided for in the original bill, and, I think, is a
small representative of the interest we have in the
construction and use of the road—I mean the in-
terest of the Government as separated from the
great uses of the people and the uses by the dif-
ferent Departments of the Government for the
transportation of the mail, the transportation of
official correspondence, the sending out of agents,
and the sending out of troops and munitions for
the Army and Navy.
1 have no expectation that we shall ever be able
to pass a bill which attempts to fix the route; and
whether it be the bill of the able chairman of the
select committee, [Air. G-wk,] or the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot,] or any other attempt to locate the route,
it but revives political dissensions and sectional
warfare, of wliich, we surely, have quite enough
011 other questions. If the section ot which 1 am
i a citizen has the best route, I ask who that looks
t to the interest of the country has a right to deny
• to it the road ? If it has not, let it go where lia-
i ture says it should be made. I do not hold that
i any section finds its final interest ill the termini
of this road. Euild it where you will, when-
ever it spans that unpopulated desert, and which
I believe is, the most^of it, to be unpopulated for-
ever, and reaches the agricultural regions, the val-
ley of the Mississippi on the one side, and the
slope of the Pacific on the other, roads will radi-
ate in every direction from the extreme hbrth to
the extreme south and at all intermediate points
There will be cultivated land ana population along
every trace over which the people may choose to
build roads to their particular localities. From
Galveston to St. Paul, to New York, to Balti-
more, to Richmond, to Savannah, to Mobile, to
New Orleans, to every point along the coast and
in the interior, after you reach the cultivated
region, it will be possible to run yonr roads
from the end of this trunk, build it where you
will.
After some years of examination of the subject,
I informed the chairman of the select committee
at the last session, that if the road as located by
himself were constructed, and I wascalled upon
to know how the town of Mobile should be con-
nected with it, my plan would be, to run north
to the beginning point, or within one hundred
miles of the beginning point, as the only place
where it could be connected by private capital;
and the reason is this : a very short distance
from the beginning point, perhaps not over one
hundred miles, you would have an arid region,
where the land would be utterly worthless; grant
as many acres of it as you might, population of
an agricultural character probably never would
exist there. Never, I say, unless they have ar-
tesian wells to render the land fertile. How, then,
is private capital to build its connection with this
trunk road running through an arid desert? The
great power of the United States might do it.
They might build itofbarsofgold, if they would,
and I rejoice that I belong to a country so power-
ful and wealthy as to enable it*to make that road;
but private capital never could. It would remain
an isolated road from its beginning, unless it ran
so far south as to strike the road which the State
of Texas is constructing, and I hope will ex-
tend as far as the Rio Grande.
i have offered this amendment because I
thought it relieved us of all the political difficul-
ties which are involved in the question, because I
thought it reduced the amount of money to be
given in aid of the enterprise to a point so low
that we might well afford to do it, because it
gives no more land than I believe is necessary,
and does not create a corporation owning such a
wide domain as to shut out population from the
country through which the road is to pass. Let
capital locate the road whore it may . Wherever
it shall prove to be profitable to capitalists to con-
struct it, it will prove to be beneficial to the whole
country, and I am willing to take the hazard, be-
cause I am confident that the road will go, if
thus located on the proper route. I do not ar-
raign others, and say they wish to locate it by
Congress, because of the possession of any po-
litical advantage here, or because they hope to
wield a majority of votes here ; but I ask them
if it is not fair to treat this as a physical problem,
and allow money and engineering skill to locate
the road, instead of seeking to know where the
largest number of voters can be obtained ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Wisconsin to
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri to
the first section of the original bill.
Mr. .TONES. I should like to understand that
amendment. How will the section read if it be
amended as proposed ?
Mr. STUART. It will carry the extreme
northern limit for the eastern terminus up to
Breckenridfje.
Mr. JONES. I am in favor of that, and shall
vote for it.
Mr. POLK. Let the section be read as it
would stand if the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin to my amendment were adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER If the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin should be
agreed to, and then the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Missouri as thus modified should be
adopted, the first section of the bill would read:
(< That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized, and directed to enter into a contract for
the transportation of the mailt*, troops, seamen, mumtions
