74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
of war, Army and Navy supplies, and all other Government
service, by railroad, from a point between fireekenridge at
the confluence of the Bois-de-Sioux witli the Red River of
the North, on tfce western boundary line of Minnesota and
Fort Smith on tile Arkansas, to Sail Francisco in the State
of California, on the most eligible route, reference being
had to feasibility, shortness, and economy."
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and njfys were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As I offered the amend-
ment to the amendment, perhaps it is due to the
Senate and due to myself that I should say a
single word. I do not propose to take any time
in discussing it. If there is to be but one railroad
to San Francisco, I desire to have the ground
open from north to south, so that the best road
may be adopted. I shall not go into a discussion
or detail of the facts which appear from the re-
ports that have been made by those who have
surveyed the various routes. I will simply con-
tent myself by saying that I believe the facts re-
ported by those who have surveyed the routes,
show that if you were to commence at Brecken-
ridge, which is on the west line of Minnesota, and
to which point Congress has already granted
lands for the purpose of constructing a railroad
frtimthat point to San Francisco, by the mouth of
the Columbia, or by Puget Sound, it would be
a better route than to follow the line which has
been indicated as the mail route to San Francisco
by this Administration, if that were to be adopted
as the route. I shall not discuss this question
at length; but I simply say that if there is to lie
but one route, and it is to be thrown open for the
competition of capital to determine where it shall
be located, open the whole field, give'us a fair op-
portunity, and let capitalists select the route and
the line of settlement, and the line of railroad,
and the best way of connecting the East with the
West. That was my object in offering the amend-
ment to the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Missouri, which proposed to extend the
line further south than was contemplated in the
original bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to hear the amend-
ment read again.
The Seoretary read it.
Mr. BROWN. I think if the object be to get
capitalists to fix the initial point of the road, it is
better to take a little more latitude than is allowed
in any one of these amendments, and say that
they may commence at any point between the
mouth of the Mississippi and the Falls of St. An-
thony. Leave the whole country open and let
them start where they please. 1 voted this morn-
ing to lay the whole proposition on the table. I
did so, because I had not the remotest hope that
Congiess, at this session, was going to act on this
subject. With such a multiplicity of opinions as
are manifested, and the great number of proposi-
tions coming from vai ious parts of the country,
I had no expectation that m the two months which
are left to us, with a vast deal of business, we
were going to consider a question of so much im-
portance, and therefore 1 thought it was better
that our time should be devoted to something
practical. I have seen no proposition yet for the
construction of a Pacific railroad which can com-
mand my vote, and hence I was prepared to lay
the whole thing on the table.
I expect, Mr. President, if I live to be as old as
the oldest memher of this body, to see a Pacific
railroad built, and I expect to see it built as other
roads have been and are being built, by individ-
ual enterprise, with such legitimate aid as the
Government can give to it. I never expect to see
this Government take the first step towards the
construction of any such work as this; and, pro-
fessing as I do to be a friend to this great enter-
prise, J should regret to sec the Government put
its hand 011 it in any form. The hand of the Gov-
ernment will oppress the work. Instead of being
an assistance to 11, if you undertake to construct
this road it will languish, and languishing it will
die. You will drive individual enterprise out of
the field. Individual capital will not come in
competition with a great Government scheme. I
have not forgotten that it required the whole in-
ternal improvement party of this country, for I
think a period of nearly twenty years, led by the
great mind of Mr. Clay himself, to secure the
construction ofa turnpike road from Cumberland,
in Maryland, to Wheeling, in Virginia. Why?
You had constant charges of fraud and corruption;
and these had to be investigated. When the Clay
party were in power, they would make appropri-
ations.- When the Jackson party were in the
ascendency they would withhold the• appropria-
tions. You would go on a year or two, then stop
the appropriations, and the work would rot away.
Then you would get other appropriations, and go
on a little while longer. It will be so with this
work if the Government puts its hand on it.
Leave it alone; leave it as other railroads have
been left—to individual enterprise, and it will be
constructed just so fast as the traveling and com-
mercial interests of the country require it. You
have a railroad now from Montreal, in Canada,
to the city of New Orleans, with a little gap of
about sixty-five miles in the old States—not
known as the Montreal and New Orleans rail-
road, it is true; but still you have the railroad
connection; built in small parcels by individual
enterprise; built as the commercial and traveling
interests of the country required it should be
built. Leave your Pacific railroad alone, leave it
to individual enterprise; let capital, as has been
said before, and well said, commence the road
where it pleases to commence it, and construct it
in its own way; and noiselessly, and much more
rapidly than by your interfeience, it will go on,
and go on to completion.
I repeat, I want to see this road built. I am not
prepared to say that I would not go to the extent
now of enacting a law declaring that Congress
would give to any company which should offer
sufficient guarantees of its ability to construct a
road, so much land. I will give the land sim-
ply in aid uf the construction of the road. Let
the title pass, not when all the road is built, but
when the company shall actually have constructed
a section, say of fifty miles, and so on as other
sections are completed. I would go further, and
authorize the Postmaster General to contract for
carrying the mail over such parts of the road as
were completed, and as rapidly as they are com-
pleted, and the Secretary of War to contract for
carrying troops and munitions of war in the same
way. I would deal in this spirit liberally and
justly with it; but I would not have this Govern-
ment call a company into being—least of all
would 1 have this Government undertake to fix
the point at which the road shall commence. If
you undertake that, capital will have nothing to
do with it.
It is because I am a friend to the road that I am
opposed to propositions like these. I want the
road built. 1 say agam, I hope to live to see it
built, and see it built as other roads have been, by
individual enterprise, aided by such assistance as
the Government of the United States can, within
the limitations of the Constitution, give to it. Wc
have given land to other rail roads; wo can give it to
this. We have given land to nthercompanics after
they had been organized. We have given it to the
States to assist 111 building roads. We have not
undertaken to build them 011 Government account;
we have not undeitaken in any manner to make
them Government enterprises, but only enter-
prises in which the Government would assist by
such means as were constitutional within the ad-
mission of almost everybody. This I believe, sir,
is about all I shall have to say this session on the
subject ofa Pacific railroad.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, if I under-
stand the amendment offered by the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, it proposes to extend
the northern point of departure of this road so as
to allow a point to be taken between Brecken-
ridge, in Minnesota, and Fort Smith, in Arkansas.
If we are to have but one road to the Pacific, and
that road is to be thrown open to fair and equal
competition, I am inclined to think that this is a
fair proposition. Certainly, it cannot be consid-
ered as sectional in any respect. I differ from my
honorable friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Beoivh.]
1 am not going to make a speech; I am not now
prepared to do so, for I have not investigated this
question sufficiently for that purpose. My im-
pression is—1 state it only as a general impres-
sion—that so far as this Government can, under
the Constitution, favor this enterprise, it is a high
political duty on the part of the Government to
assist in opening communication between the At-
lantic and Pacific States. Wc have a growing
empire on the Pacific, separated, in fact, by nat-
ural obstacles, completely, from the great empire
here on the east. It presents a new problem, as
it were; no other country presents any such spec-
tacle. Here We have two great empires, one com-
manding the Atlantic and opening to Europe; the
other commanding the Pacific and opening to
Asia; and between these two empires within this
Government, there is no direct line of oonjmuni-
cation. I therefore think that so far as the
Government can constitutionally go, it ought to
further this great enterprise.
I am not speaking now of what was stated by
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis,] and to whose observations I listened with
great interest, as to the great commercial advant-
ages of such a communication as this. This com-
munication must and will be made; time will make
it; the public necessities will make it; but the
question now is, whether the Government of the
United States, as a paternal Government, is not
in duty bound, as far as^that duty can be per-
formed constitutionally, to aid in establishing this
great band between the Pacific and the Atlantic
oceans? It is a band between those two gre'at
oceans, as well as between the two parts of this
great empire.
I do not think it fair to the people of the Pacific
slope, to our great and growing empire there, to
leave us in the condition in which we are now
left in regard to Central America, seeking and
trying to open a kind of route through there for
our own people. I am prepared as far as I am
concerned, to go for any fair proposition that
shall be equally just to the various sections of
the country, and to the whole country, in order
to accomplish this great enterprise. I consider
it as one of the greatest enterprises of the kind
in the world, not only in a military sense, and
what is still to be considered so far as the Gov-
ernment is concerned, m a high political sense,-
but also in a commercial and industrial sense.
I do not know what the honorable Senators
from the Pacific coast may think, but it seems
that it is not to be expected that the people whom
they represent will rest satisfied without some
such communication. Look, sir, at the difficul-
ty we have had in getting a little military expe-
dition into Utah in order to deal with the Mor-
mons, and the trouble we have had in furnish-
ing them with supplies. That single enterprise
has cost this Government more than all that is
demanded of it for this railroad, as I understand.
If there is to be a struggle here as to where this
road is to commence, as to the point of departure,
I think I could show that the route between the
great northern lakes and Puget Sound is so ad-
vantageous that if there is to be any selection of
routes, that should be chosen; but whether this
railroad should happen to be established upon
that route, or not, such is the very nature of that
region of country that Lake Superior will in a
short time be connected with it. I will not now
go into that question, however; for I do not wish
to embarrass this proposition. If the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin be adopted, 1 think
it will open a fair and equal rafige from Minne-
sota to Fort Smith, in Arkansas; and then, if
capitalists enter upon this enterprise, they wilt
have the opportunity of selecting the cheapest and
best route to the Pacific. I will vote for that prop-
osition.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not rise, Mr. President,
for the purpose of entering into any discussion
on the general merits of the question of a railroad
to the Pacific. I had the honor to submit some
observations of a genera] character on that sub-
ject at the last session of Congress, and I do not
wish to enter upon it at present. I desire to speak
particularly to this amendment. If I understand
its object and operation, it fixes the eastern term-
inus of the road at some point between Fort
Smith, in the State of Arkansas, and the forty-
ninthparallel, which is tjie ultima thule of the line
of the United States, at the north. Now, sir, 1
want to know from the Senator who offers the
amendment, and its friends, why they confine the
southern terminus to Fort Smith ? Why do they
not allow it to go down to the thirty-second par-
allel ? Is it to force this road on the thirty-fifth
parallel, or some point north-of that? While the
amendment extends the margin up to the very
last inch of ground owned by the United States,
on the north, it excludes three degrees upon the
southern frontier.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Georgia will give way, I will explain.
