1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
Mr. IVERSON. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The original bill proposed
that the starting point should be between the
mouth of the Big Sioux and the Kansas rivers.
The honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr. Polk]
proposed to extend the line still further south to
Fort Smith. According to his amendment, the
point of departure would be fixed between the
mouth of the Big Sioux and Fort Smith. Then
it was that the Senator from Wisconsin proposed,
as an amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
otorfrom Missouri, to extend the line so that the
point of departure might be between Brecken-
ridge on the west line of Minnesota, not as far
north as the forty-ninth parallel,and Fort Smith,
the point which was named in the amendment of
the Senatorfrom Missouri. There was no inten-
tion whatever to prevent the point of departure |
upon'the south being carried still further south, j
if that should be the most practicable point. The i
object of the Senator from Wisconsin was simply j
to amend the amendment as proposed by the Sen- j
ator from Missouri. S
Mr. POLK. I will ask the Senatorfrom Wis- j
consin if he will accept an amendment fixing the i
southernmost limit of the point of departure as far j
south as the thirty-second degree ?
Mr. STUART. And say the forty-ninth de-
gree of latitude on the north.
Mr. POLK. Say between the thirty-second
and forty-ninth degrees.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. For myself I have no ob-
jection to that. If the honorable Senator from
Missouri desires it, I will withdraw my amend-
ment to his amendment for the puiposc of allow-
ing him to amend his amendment, so as to make
the limit of the southern point of departure the
thirty-second parallel; and then I will propose my
amendment to his amendment, if that will accom-
plish what he desires.
Mr. POLK. I withdraw my amendment so
that that can be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays having been ordered on it, the amendment
cannot be withdrawn, unless by unanimous con-
sent. [" No objection."] By unanimous consent,
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
and the amendment to it moved by the Senator
from Wisconsin, will be considered as withdrawn.
Mr. POLK. Now I move to amfnd the first
section of the bill, by striking out the eastern
terminus named in it, and insert:
A point between the thirty-second and forty-ninth paral- |
lets of north latitude. j
Mr. IVERSON. On that I have nothing to ,
say. I rose originally only to protest against ex- j
eluding the route on the thirty-second parallel, be- I
cause I think it would be doing decided injustice i
to that section of country, and, perhaps, to the j
whole question; for it must be remembered that j
the thirty-second parallel has been considered by j
a number of intelligent engineers as the very best I
route to the Pacific; and it has this very important i
advantage over any other route, that seven hun- j
dred and fifty miles of that road,through the State
of Texas to the Rio Grande, have already been 1
secured by the magnificent donation of land and j
money made by that State. There is no longer j
any doubt on the minds of intelligent men but ;
that that road, from the eastern to the western line ^
of Texas, wiil be built by the company now en-
gaged in its construction. That route, therefore, ;
will have the advantage of leaving seven hundred j
and fifty miles less to be provided for by the com- ,
pany which may be organized by the Govern-
ment. It will have the advantage of being practi-
cally seven hundred and fifty miles shorter than
any other route, because seven hundred and fifty
miles will be constiucted by other means through
the State of Texas; and to that extent Government
aid will not be r< tinned. Beyond doubt, it will be
the cheapest road* which can be constructed from
the Atlantic to the Pacific. I do not say that it is
the best route. I do not say that a company or-
ganized to construct a road would select it ill pref-
Cieuce to the route over the thirty-fifth, or any
other parallel of latitude. It may be that, upon
examination of the whole question, they may take
some other route, and not that along the thirty-
second -pai allcl. At any rate. 1 think we ought to
have the advantage of having this route included;
and I rose only to protest against an amendment
excluding it. That is all 1 have to say at present.
Mr. STUART. I suppose the yeas and nays
ordered on the former amendment will not stand.
I ask for them on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment as now proposed, is to strike out, " from a
point on the Missouri river, between the mouths
of the Big Sioux and Kansas rivers," and insert
the words, " from a point between the boundary
of Minnesota, on the forty-ninth parallel of north
latitude, and the boundary of the State of Texas,
on the thirty-second parallel of north latitude."
Mr. BROWN. I much prefer this amendment
to the original proposition; but I do not see the
propriety of stopping even at the thirty-second
parallel. If you want to widen the margin, you
had better throw open the whole extent of our
country. I should much prefer to say, " from
the mouth of the Mississippi river to the forty-
ninth parallel;" and I move to amend the amend-
ment m that way.
Mr. POLK. I accept that amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Very well.
Mr. GW1N. I would suggest that the object
of Senators will be accomplished more directly
by taking the vote on striking out the limitation
in the original bill, as to the eastern terminus of
the road. That would leave the contractors to
select a route to carry the mails between San
Francisco, in California, and the Mississippi river.
That would be the most direct way of accom-
plishing the object. The real contest is whether
there shall be a terminus fixed on the Atlantic
side, and I presume, therefore, it would be better
for gentlemen simply to move to strike out any
eastern terminus.
Mr. FOOT. 1 am quite disinclined, Mr. Pres-
ident, to engage m any extended remarks on this
bill, or on any of the amendments which are pro-
posed; and I do not intend to do so. I have al-
ways favored, by my vote, the construction of a
railroad to the Pacific. I believe I have voted for
every bill which has been brought to the consid-
eration of the Senate for that object. 1 have re-
garded the connection of our Atlantic and Pacific
possessions by direct railway communication, as
an existing, urgent, national necessity; and the
bill before us, the original bill of the committee,
is intended to meet that necessity. The provis-
ions of that bill, its principles, and all its details,
have been very fully ana minutely explained,
both at the last and the present session, by the
honorable Senator from California, the chairman
of the select committee, which, after long and
laborious and careful examination and study, re-
ported it and recommended it to the favorable
consideration of the Senate. I favored that bill
m the committee-room; I intend to vote for it here,
although it is not precisely such a bill, in all its
features, as would best suit my own views. Al-
though I gave notice for a substitute, it was with
the view of offering it only in the event of a con-
tingency, which I do not now think is very likely
to happen,and the substitute, therefore, will prob-
ably not be offered. It was not contemplated as
an antagonist proposition to the bill of the com-
mittee, to which I had given my own assent.
The bill of the committee was drawn with the
view and intent of avoiding the two grand objec-
tions which have hitherto stood in the way of the
i passage of a Pacific railroad bill.
It avoids the constitutional question of the
power of Congress to make a direct appropria-
tion of land or money, or both, in aid of the con-
struction of such a road in this: that the bill
merely authorizes the President of the United
States to enter into contract for the transporta-
tion of the mails, troops, munitions of war, and
for the performance of other Government service
by railroad, instead of stipulating for the^ per-
formance of this service by any other particular
mode; and it holds out certain inducements to par-
ties to enter into such contracts, and to enable
the party to whom the contiacts may be awarded
to perform this service in the particular mode
specified. I see no constitutional objection to
this, more than there is to stipulating for the per-
formance of like service by wagons, or by four-
horse coaches, or by steamboats, as has been
ordinarily done, sirfte the foundation of the Gov-
ernment. -
The bill also avoids, or was intended to avoid,
the practical question which divides the opinions
of Congress and of the country, as to the partic-
ular hue or location of the road. I suppose that
it is to be assumed as quite impracticable to un-
dertake the building of more than one main or
trunk line of road to the Pacific ocean at this time
and in the present financial condition of the Gov-
ernment. And I apprehend, sir, that no bill which
I shall define and mark out the route of but one
road will be able so far to overcome local feeling,
local interest, local prejudices if you please, as to
command the assent of a majority of either, much
less of both Houses of Congress. For example,
it can hardly be expected than an extreme south-
ern route, running along the borders of Mexico,
would command the assent and aid of the north-
ern vote. On the other hand, it is not probable
that the extreme northern route, approaching near
to the borders of the British provinces, would
receive any aid from the southern vote.
And again, the central route, so called, I ap-
prehend would receive but a partial support either
from the North or from the South. Certain it is
that it will receive very little aid from the south-
ern vote. I take it for granted, and the discus-
sions hitherto have disclosed, that but a fraction
of the southern vote can be counted upon in favor
of any Pacific railroad upon any route. Many
southern gentlemen, and some northern gentle-
men, I know, look upon this measure as alto-
gether impracticable, as a wild and visionary
scheme; and some of them regard it as altogether
beyond.the pale of our constitutional power. Ido
notchoose or intend to enter into a discussion with
any of these gentlemen at the present time upon
these questions. The question of practicability
has been settled by scientific surveys and explo-
rations, and by the construction of thirty thou-
sand miles of railroad within our own borders,
mostly by private enterprise. The question of
,, constitutional power has been settled by seventy
years of legislation. The question of expediency
is only a question of time and means.
I ought perhaps to say for myself, in this con-
nection, that I would vote for a bill providing for
the construction of a road over what is commonly
called and known as the central route, running
through the famed South Pass, and near the forty-
second line of parallel. While it is obvious that
j we can make provisions for the construction of
| but a single line of road to the Pacific, at the
| present time, I should regard this as a fair com-
promise between the conflicting claims of the ex-
treme northern and southern roads.
But, sir, for the purpose of avoiding all ques-
tions of this sort, and for the purpose of giving
all the proposed routes a fair and equal chance,
according to the intrinsic merit of each, the bill
fixes the western terminus of the road at San
: Francisco, and the eastern terminus upon the Mis-
I souri river, at some point between the Big Sioux
I and the Kansas—a central point geographically
] to the country, and a point easy of access and
\ connection with the great system of railroads al-
ready built and in operation in the country. The
bill thus fixing the termini of the road, leaves it
to the parties, in forming their contract, to desig-
nate the line between these termini upon " the
most eligible route, reference being had to feasi-
bility, shortness, and economy."
With these terms and under these limitations
and restrictions, all sections and all parties who
are in favor of a railroad to the Pacific and in fa-
vor of making it upon the best line, ought to be
satisfied, in my judgment, and I think generally
would be satisfied provided they had some reli-
able guarantee that these provisions would be
fairly complied with. With an honest and im-
partial execution of the provisions of the bill as
it stands, m reference to the location of the road,
I certainly should be satisfied, and I think I may
say thus much in behalf of the northern section
, i of the country generally. Fixing the termini of
;! the road, as the bill does, under the conditions and
| limitations offeasibility,shortness, and economy,
: i am willing to leave it entirely to the contractors
\ to seek out the best route. Their own direct m-
terest, acting in unison with the public interest,
.i wiil be a sufficient inducement to them to seeit
.1 out and to adopt the best line if they are allowed
J to act independently and without bias from any
' undue or extraneous influences.
: It is suc^ested by some of my friends that, un-
j det- the plan of this bill, somebody is to be cheat-
ed. I hardly know, sir, what reply to make to
that suggestion. I trust nobody is to be cheated.
Some will undoubtedly be disappointed; but 110-
