1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
dollar of unit in this country, and it contains
twenty-three and twenty-two hundredths grains
of pure gold. Talcing it at that, the intrinsic value
of a pound sterling is four dollars, eighty-six
cents and six mills, and therefore, it is nine and
one-half per cent, on the old way of reckoning the
pound sterling at $4 44, and this covers the ex-
change. As we draw on England, I have fixed a
Iimitintheamendment,sufficienttocoverthe nat-
ural exchange. We pay now in the British stand-
ard instead of our own, and will do so under the
amendment I propose. In all those countries in
Europe'to which the Senator referred, the differ-
ence between their currency and the British cur-
rency is less than between us and England; and
therefore, in many of them, the rate is seven per
cent., instead of being nine and a half, as with
us. They give seven and a half per cent in our
currency for a bill on England, which is one
twelfth alloy, instead of one tenth, as ours is.
Prance is one tenth, just as ours; they go by de-
cimals, as we do.
Now, we come to this currency of China. Here
is an artificial currency in China, in two or three
of the principal ports at which we trade. At Can-
ton,.the Mexican dollar is the currency. It is
intrinsically worth more than our gold dollar, as
the common currency of the world goes. There
you can get four dollars for a pound sterling, and
that is the way the draft is drawn; but when you
go to Shanghae, you only get three dollars for a
pound sterling. At Amoy,nhey use the old head
dollar of Spain, and that is thirteen per cent, be-
low a Carolus dollar. All these are artificial, I
admit; but they are treated of in the books. Here
is a letter from one of our consuls in China, in
which he says he uucceeded in getting them to
take Spanish head dollars and Mexican dollars
for duties, but they could not get the merchants
to take them for tea. I say the law contracts with
the minister to China to pay him $12,000 a year,
and-|12,000 in the gold coin of the United States,
according to its legal value. We agreed to pay
him that. We <Jid not agree to pay him Carolus
dollars; we could not buy them for four dollars
apiece in the United States. We agreed to pay
him the legal currency of our own country; but as
he is abroad, for the purpose of allowing him to
make his exchanges so as to draw on London,
where our banker is, I propose to give him the
whole difference between the currencies for his
convenience. I want r.o man to lose adollar; but
if he buys these Carolus dollars, he gets but fifty-
eight cents for the dollar of our standard of value.
I say it ought to be stopped. I have read certifi- ;i
cates obtained from the State Department, show-
ing that, in 1857, we paid forty per cent, increase j
on the salaries in China. Can anybody pretend ;
that there was any such exchange in the world 1
as that? Everybody calls it exchange; all the ;
returns call itexchange. We have been, through- |
out our lives, accustomed to call the difference be- j
tween our standard of value and that of other na- |
tions exchange; but the Senator from Georgia j
says it is not exchange. Well, call it what you
please. What I gay is, that the contract, the legal
too much under the present construction of the
law ? If he gets too much under the present con-
struction of the law, let us repeal that construc-
tion; but if the actual, practical construction of the
law, as given, does not pay him too much for his
expenses, why not let it stand?
Mr. SIMMONS. That remark is more inge-
niously put to get $8,000 added to a man's salary,
than the Senator from Georgia put it; but it
amounts to the same thing in the end. I say,
when this usage grew up, there was no such rate
of exchange existing in the world; and it has
been increasing for the last ten years, until it has
got us very often to pay seventy-five per cent,
advance. In some cases we have had to pay
$ 1 75 here to get a dollar in China. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury told us three years ago that
it was a great outrage, and that we ought to cor-
rect it. tie addressed a letter to the chairman of
the Committee on Finance on the subject. Now,
the Senator says that if a dollar of ours will not
buy a dollar's worth in China, the exchange
should bo added, and that is what was contem-
plated when the law was made. It will buy it.
By no law, or by the arbitrary regulation of those
wealthy men who have the control of the Carolus I
dollars, three Catolus dollars will buy as much '
there as five of our dollars. That is the whole of
it, and it is all artificial. Now the question is,
whether we shall give a man five dollars where
the law gives him three. The usage that is com-
plained of at the Department as an outrage, is re-
fused to be corrected here, because a man gets
$20,000 when the law only gives him $12,000.
I say, as I stated before, let one rule prevail
throughout these foreign missions, and let the
ministers, if it is more convenient for them to draw
on us, do so, instead of our sending the money
directly. I leave enough margin to cover that.
A man can buy in China for three dollars what i
will bring a fair profit on five in any other part !
of the world. Senators talk about a man not i
being able to use the money m China. Why,Tsir,
he can buy food in Chuia for a smaller piece of
money than was ever conceived of in the United
States. Their smallest piece of money is about
fifteen hundred to the dollar; and it is the cheap-
est place in the world to live in. You can hire a
man to carry you about all day for four cents. ^
I have no objection to raising the salary , if it is
necessary to do so; but I have no idea of doing it in
this way. I do not believe m adding fifty or seven-
ty-five per cent, to a man's salary on accountof an
| arbitrary rule in China, occasioned by their pre-
! judices in regard to money. The result has been
nearly to double the salary. Are you going to
continue that? The law ought to be uniform.
The Secretary of the Treasury asked us to make
all these salaries payable in gold coin without any
addition; hutl thought, as we had been along
time permitting them to draw on London, we
ought to provide for that, or else it would be prac-
tically reducing all these salaries to our standaid,
and we have hitherto paid them by draft on Lon-
don and they have 'had the benefit of it. I do
not propose to reduce it; but a usage has grown
contract we enter into when we appoint a minis- j; up in three ports of China, and we ore wasting or
ter, is to pay him his salary in the legal currency i
of the United States. If we permit him to draw ,
elsewhere, it is for his own convenience. . ;
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit ;
me to ask him a question i i
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly. . I
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 think there is very.little ;
doubt that the understanding of members of Con- ;
gress, at the time they fixed the salary, was on- :
ginally as the Senator from Vermont states it: j
when they spoke of dollars, they meant dollars
of the United States; but if a custom has grown j
up the other way; and in point of fact, when yoa i
furnish your American Minister ยง12,000 to j>ay J
his expenses in China, and he gets there, you find .
that that money you furnished him will not buy i
him the provisions and necessaries of life there, .
will not support him there, because it will not 1
pass there, and because he has to give nearly J
half of it in order to convert it into current money ;
where he is; the question then becomes simply a j
question of discretion whether he gets too much '
with that exchange, or whether you intend to
diminish his salary. If you intend to diminish
his salary by changing the construction of the
law, would it not be better for the Senator from
Rhode Island to put it on the ground that he gets
spending a great deal of money there; and 1 shall
insist 011 calling the attention of the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs to the outlays
that we make for the Navy in that part of the
world. It is a great outrage that we should spend
money at such a great loss. These dollars that
are current in the south of China, can be bought
here at six per cent. When a man is there, with
nothing but his salary to live on, I am willing to
let him draw on London, and allow him enough
for the exchange; but I have no idea of paying
sixty or seventy-five per cent, premium on the
salary.
If we ought to pay more, why not vote for it
directly in salary ? I talked with one gentleman
about it, and he said he did not like to vote for it
as direct salary. A salary of $20,000 could not
get three votes in the Senate, and yet that is what
you are practically paying. I want to reduce
these folks, so that they will all faie alike. Let
all that are in China draw at the same rate of ex-
change, and if they complain that their salaries
are notfemunerative, I will agree that the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance shall recom-
mend such an addition to them all as he thinks
proper, and I will vote for it. I do not want to
oartail these men below a fair remuneration for
their services, but I want the law to be executed
according to the understanding of Congress in
passing it.
Everybody admits that when we provided for
this salary, we thought it would be $12,000 of
our money. That is what the Senator from Louis-
iana says. When it passed, We intended to pay
ยง12,000 of our money; but this usage he says has
grown u p. It has grown up until we have to jJay
$20,000 for $12,000, and I say it is time to stop
it. The ten per cent. I allow, would bring his
salary up to $1?,500, and that should cover all the
trouble. I would not say this, but that the "at-
tention of Congress has been called to the matter
for the last three years, and I know when I called
for these papers at the Secretary of State's office
yesterday, he said it was the greatest outrage in
the world.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator's amendment al-
lows the exchange to be paid where, it does n(5t
exceed ten per cent. It pays it yet, if it is ten per
cent. If the rate is no more than that; if it is five,
or six, or seven, or eight, or nine per cent., you
pay the exchange, as the Senator calls it; but if
it is more, you will not pay it. Where is the
principle in that? The present'principle is, that
you pay the amount of the salary with the ex^
change, as you call it, added. According to the
Senator's amendment, you would still continue
to do it in every country in Europe, except- Na-
ples and Turkey; and in these countries the
amount beyond the limitation is so small as
hardly to' be worth notice. The truth of the busi-
ness is, there is no such difference in currency,
and there is no such thing as nine and a half per
cent, exchange between here and England. That
computation results simply from the rule we for-
merly adopted of counting a pound sterling at
$4 44, when the real value, the commercial va-
lue, the legal value here is $4 85. The number
of cents difference between the $4 44 and the ยง4 85
being forty-one cents, makes about nine and
three eighths per cent., and that is very nearly
the-prdinary rate of exchange. Two per cent,
real exchange between New York and Liverpool
would break every bank in America; and when a
year and a half ago the exchange went up to one
hundred and ten and a half and one hundred and
eleven, it stopped every bank in New York, and
would do it to-morrow, and that was not two per
cent, real premium. Probably", one and a half per
cent, premium would drive silver out of the coun-
try in a moment, I speak of real exchange, pot
what the merchants call exchange. That is to
say; when it was cheaper to pay our debts across
the water in bullion than by bills of exchange
drawn on commodities, of course the premium
rises. One hundred and eleven is not two per
cent above the real par of exchange, that is $4 85
to the pound sterling. The dollar ftf exchange
contains three hundred and eighty-six and seven
hundred and four thousandths grain's of pure
metal, worth fifty-four pence.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is what I said.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, you said that was the
United States dollar. Now, by our act of August
8, 1786, our gold eagle was worth at the rate of
fifty-two and twenty-six hundredths pence to
the dollar, and the silver dollar by the same act,
fifty-two and forty-four hundredths pence. The
gold eagle by the act of A.pril 12,1792, "was worth
fifty-two and fifty-two hundredths pence to the
dollar, and the silver dollar by the same act, fifty-
one and sixty-eight hundredths pence. The gold
eagle by the act of February 18,1837, was worth
forty-nine and twenty-seven hundredths pence to
the dollar, and by the act of February 1,1853, we
reduced the silver dollar.to forty-eight and twen-
ty-five hundredths pence. We have never had a
dollar worth fifty-four pence. We never had any
such dollar by nearly two per cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. The old dollar of exchange
was called four shillings and sixpence.
Mr. TOOMBS. You said the American dollar
was worth that sum, and that was the question.
There is a difference between the dollar of ex-
change and our own dollars, for ours are fixed
by aiTts of Congress, and there are so many grains
of gold in it of so much fineness, when turned into
English currency. The dollar of exchange is
different from any American dollar, either gold
or silver. This ten per cent, is not exchange in
any legitimate 3ense at all; but if it is, I put it on
the principle the Senator says he wants to put it.
