1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
He says he will pay what he calls exchange, up
to ten per cent, and no further. He says it is a
monstrous outrage, and that the Secretary of
State told him it was a monstrous outrage. If it
be true, as he says it is, that merchants pay it for
their silks and their teas, I should like to know,
where is the monstrosity that you shall punish
ministers for? Monstrosity upon whom? Go
and whip the Chinese, and make them take opium,
and probably you can fix exchange better. That
was the reason the English are able to fix it on
better terms.  
The Senator is mistaken about there being no
Carolus dollars. There are some of them, though
not many. England went to war with the Chi-
nese to make them take her opium, and the result
was that she had credits in fehanghae and other
ports of China; and she did not have to buy Car-
olus dollars. She bought opium, and made them
take it at the cannon's mouth; and that gave her
credits to draw upon. But now you must pun-
ish your minister because exchange has risen to
sixty percent, in China. This is absurd. Con-
gress having voted a salary on this ground—an
inadequate one, as I before stated—it is unjust
that it should be reduced in this way; because the
basis on which it was fixed was so many dollars
value in China. I did not believe, when I voted
$12,000 salary for the mission to China, that it
was to be paid as the gentleman supposes. I
hardly think he did; for he seems to have been
looking into it for two or throe years, and Mr.
Guthrie has been proposing changes. Mr. Guth-
rie has been proposing to pay according to our
dollar unit; but Congress has not agreed to it.
As for the Senator's calling the attention of the
Government to the expenditures of our naval ser-
vice in the neighborhood of China, the thing is
perfectly absurd. A purser in the Navy, as I
stated before, who goes abroad and buys bread
and beef, and pays for them in dollars, draws his
draft. If it is one hundred per cent., he pays it.
If he accounts for all the sdver he gets for Ins bill
on London, though he has to pay two hundred
per cent., are you going to make him pay it?1 If
he draws for a dollar and gets three hundred and
eighty-six grains of silver and it does not give
him, in China, more than the value of two hun-
dred and forty grains, are you going to make the
purser pay the dift'erence ? He draws for a dollar
on London. A dollar of exchange is three hun-
dred and eighty-six grains and a fraction; but it
is not worth, in China, more than two hundred
and forty grains; but it is such an outrage that
the Senator is going to call the attention of the
Navy Department to it. They cannot control it.
If that be the truth of the case, he will get his two
hundred and forty grains of silver for every dollar,
and he will go and buy for them what he can,
and that is all his power. "If his draft for three
hundred and eigluy-six grains will not bring him
any more, I will not hold him responsible for
more.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofAikansas. Mr. President,
I really believe we mightas well adjourn,butl do
not make the motion yet. I think the debate has
come to such a pass that it seems to me it must be
tolerably plain to us all that it cannot be settled bp-
tween these two gentlemen, who do debate the sub-
ject; itis impossible. [Laughter.] Theycannever
agree. We all know the convictions upon which
each goes, and neither will ever be scarce of words
to maintain the convictions that urge him for-
ward. I know that the Senate is very thin; and
yet those who are here are anxious that this bill
should be disposed of. It has been long pending.
1 feel bound to make that motion, which I think
will give gentleman an opportunity to become
cool, and, at least, in some measure, indifferent
on this subject, so that hereafter it is possible we
may get clear of a very contentious matter—a
matter which is to keep us here, I have no doubt
in the world, until ten or eleven o'clock, on a
single solitary point, one, it is true, that has been
settled before, but it may have been settled
wrong. I am not satisfied that it was not settled
wrong; but at the same time these gentlemen can-
not convince those who listen to them, any fur-
ther than they are already convinced by a very I
elaborate discussion. I move now that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope my friend will with-
draw the motion, and let us take the vote. I think
we can gfet a vote.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Senator
has any idea that we can get a vote within an
hour, I shall have no objection to sitting here.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we can get the vote
at once.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well; I
withdraw my motion.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall not detain the Senate
much longer; but there is one remark which fell
from the Senator from Georgia about the ridicu-
lousness of the proposition I made. I stated that
the Mexican dollar was worth seventy-two cents
in Shanghae, whereas the American dollar would
bring but fifty-eight cents. I said it was lidicu-
lous to be paying the difference between fifty-eight
and seventy-two cents on every dollar, when we
could buy Mexican dollars for five per cent, pre-
mium. I said we should remit money in some
different currency than our own; we might remit
Mexican dollars, for they pass in China, and will
pay duties in Shanghae. The Senator had not
brains enough to sSe it, and ihen says I was
talking ridiculously. I stated that here was a
letter —
Mr. TOOMBS. I stated facts. The Senator
did not state that, and I did not answer it. fie
said he would compel pursers to account for the
difference between the two currencies; he said it
was ridiculous to allow these exchanges. He did
not state, at that time, any such fact as he has
now stated.
Mr. SIMMONS. I know you did not hear it;
but if a man does not pay any attention to what
is said, he ought not to make a statement in reply
that is perfectly ridiculous.
Mr. TOOMBS. You ought not to manufacture
ts*™"™-
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call the gen-
tlemen to order. My point is that the debate has
assumed the form of mere conversation. I calk
the Senators to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
froqa Arkansas is correct in suggesting' that Sen-
ators must address the Chair.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, Mr. President, I have
no idea of consuming; the time of the Senate. I
know the Senator from Georgia does not mean to
reflect on any proposition I make here as ridicu-
lous. In fixing the legal salary for any officer, we
mean to pay in our currency; but if the officer is
abroad, I am willingto allow him to draw on the
common center of exchanges—London. The def-
erence of exchange between us and London is
about nine and a half per cent.; the Senator may
call it what he pleases. I concur with him, that
when exchange rises so that it is cheaper for the
merchant to send coin than to buy exchange, it
will break the banks; butitneverrises in that way,
unless they cannot get exchange enough to pay
their debts. It would break the banks in sixty
days, because we are always in debt to England;
and when exchange gets up to$l 11 J,coin will go
there. That is the reason for the ten per cent. I
have put in the amendment. He asks, why give
the ten per cent.? I give them the ten per cent.,
which covers all the difference between our stand-
ard and the standard of the country on which we
allow them to draw for their convenience. Lon-
don is the common standard of the world. There
is no other difference in China than what is arti-
ficially made. If he means to say that when we
agree to pay the minister in China $12,000, we
agree to pay him at the rate of $1 75 for one dol-
lar, which will make him $21,000 instead of
$12,000, very well;and if that is theopinion of the
Senate, they will reject the amendment. If their
opinion is that he shall be paid like all other offi-
cers, and have the difference of exchange notex-'
ceeding ten per cent., which covers exchange in
any part of the world, so far as the mere differ-
ence in the intrinsic value of the coin is concerned,
then we shall have it right, and serve them alike,
and allow them to draw on the common center
for their convenience, without giving them fifty
or seventy per cent, advance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the reconsideration.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask for the
yeas and nays. I fear there is not a quorum pres-
ent. <*
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs:. Bayard, Benjamin, Bjgler, Rroderick,
Brown, Clay, Clmgojajj, Crittenden, Davis, Uougias, Fitch,
Hale, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Lane, Ma-
son, Polk, Reid, Rice. Sebastian, Shdeil, Smith, Stuart,
Toombs, and Ward—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Clark, Dixon, Durkee, Johnson of
Tennessee, I^ing, Simmons, Wade, and Wilson—9.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on concurting in the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS The only objection I have to
the amendment is, that it does not e;o far enough.
I think the ministers should be paid a salary, and
that that should be measured in the American
dollar, and that to give a premium of ten or
twenty per cent., so as to convert the American
dollar into the Spanish milled dollar in China,„
or to convert it into the money of Naples, or any
other country, is not in accordance with the frank-
ness which should characterize the legislation of
the United States. I object to the ten percent,
allowance, because 1 do not think we should
adopt sterling bills as the basis on which to pay
salaries abroad. We should pay them in the
American dollar; and if $12,000 is not enough, if
you want twenty percent, additional to that, add
it to the salary. I anrwillmg to vote for it there.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will strike out the ten per
cent., if I have the right to do it.
Mr. HUNTER. By general consent it can be
considered as so modified.
Mr. SIMMONS. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment. t
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the amendment will be considered-as
withdrawn. The Chair hears no objection.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be entered.
MECHANICAL PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. FITCH. Wc have just been expending
money liberally, and I now appeal to the Senate
to save a little before the adjournment. We shall
then'have done a very good day's work. I wish
to call up the joint resolution relative to tha
abridgment of the mechanical portion of the Patent
Office report. It is entitled a joint resolution (S.
No. 76) directing the manner of preparing and
printing the annual report of the Commissioner
of Patents on mechanics.
Mr. CLARK. The Senate is very thin; and
I move an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 39, 1859.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. T. J. O'Toole.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THOMAS L. HARRIS, DECEASED.
Mr. HODGES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution, which was unan-
imously adopted:
Resolved, That the Speaker be authorized to pay to Mrs.
Mary J. Hams, widow of Thomas L. Harris, decea&ed,
whatever sum was due him as member of thi* Ilouse at the
tune of his death.
ACCOUNTS OF THE DOORKEEPER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a privileged question.
I call up the report of the select committee, in
relation to the accounts and official conduct of
Nathan Darling and R. B. Hackney, late Door-
keepers of the House of Representatives of the
United States.
The SPEAKER. The bill was read a first and
second time, and the question now is on its en-
grossment. Jt is a bill to provide for the folding
and distribution of documents for the House of
Representatives.
The bill was read. It provides that there shall
be appointed by the House of Representatives a
superintendent of the folding-room, who shall hold
his office for the same term as the Sergeaot-at-
