76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
body is to be cheated, provided the terms and
provisions and conditions of the bill are fairly-
executed and carried out; and that much of risk
we must take in any bill whatever. If the bill of
the committee is not sufficiently guarded upon
this point, let it be made so. This is but the or-
dinary case of submitting a question upon which
opinions and interests are divided, to a compe-
tent, and so far forth as we may be able to do it,
to an impartial tribunal.
Such being the provisions of the bill, Mr. Pres-
ident, in respect to the location of this road, there
is little occasion for discussion here, with regard
to the relative merits of the different routes which
laave been proposed, and which have indeed been
more or less accurately explored, and each of
which has its friends and its advocates. Indeed,
sir, the tendency of such a discussion would be
to excite irritation and jealousy, and to provoke
opposition. The bill itself was framed with a
view to avoid this very diversity and conflict of
opinion. I have my own views and preferences,
as other Senators doubtless have theirs, fixed and
decided, as to the mosteligible route fora Pacific
railroad; but I do not intend to press them upon
the consideration of the Senate at this time. I am
willing, indeed, so far to yield my individual
opinions and preferences as to leave the question
of the route of the road, since we cannot agree
upon it here, where the bill leaves it—to-leave it
to the contracting parties, who, of all persons in
the world, will be most interested in selecting the
most eligible route, and that is all that anybody
demands; it is all that anybody professes to de-
sire.
I apprehend, Mr. President, that a majority
of either or of both Houses of Congress can be
brought together only upon the term? of such a bill
as this, which leaves thequestion of the locality of
the road to bo designated by the parties who, in
making their bids or proposals, will designate and
select the best route. In other words, the best
offers or bids will be made upon the best route,
the route upon which the road can be most easily
and most cheaply built, and which wilt be likely
to furnish to it the largest amount of business;
and no other offer or proposal can be accepted by
the President without a flagrant violation of the
letter and terms of the act itself.
In fact, sir, no bids will be made by responsi-
ble parties, who must deposit half a million dollars
in money in advance, as a guarantee for the fulfill-
ment of their contract—to build a railroad over a
route which runs through extensive and arid sand
plains where the lands would be of no sort of
value to the contractors, and would furnish no
supplies of wood, grass, or water—three indis-
pensable necessities to the building or to the op-
crating of any railroad. The only bids which
would be likely to be made, and of course the
only bid** which could be accepted, would be for
the building of the road over a route running
through a country whore the lands would be
most valuable to the parties, and which, being
most valuable to the parties, would furnish the
largest supplies of business and contribute most
largely to the support and to the value of the road.
Through such a country and only through such
a country can any rail load carry settlements along
with it. Such a country and only such a country
can sustain a permanent population and busi-
ness. Such a country and only such a country
can sustain a raihoad: and through such a coun-
try, and only through such a country, every
ractical railroad man knows that a railroad can
i built.
These are inducements and the very strongest
inducements that can be presented to operate
upon the minds of the contractors to select the
veiy U'.st route; and what is their interest in this
respect is the public interest; and what is the
public, interest is then* intprest; and in this regard
and to this extent their interests harmonize with
the interests of the public.
If a majority of either House of Congress can-
not meet upon the terms of such a bill, or upon a
bill which shall directly and expressly provide for
the construction of a road over the great central
South Pass route, as a compromise of extreme
loutes, north and south, I think it will be in vain
to attempt to bring together a majority of either
House upon any bill which shall be more specific
in regard to the route, or which shall designate
any other general line. I doubt not, sir, that a very
I
large majority of the members of C-ongress in each
House are in favor of a railroad to the Pacific
coast upon some route, and all'will agree at once
that the best route, all things being considered,
should be selected; and there lies the very diffi-
culty^ majority of Congress do not seem to agree
which is the bestrouteforthe country as a whole;
and if they cannot so agree, the consequence is,
that for the want of such a majority no bill can
pass which lays down and defines any particular
route, unless it be, perhaps, as I have before sug-
gested, the great central route, as a compromise of
diverse and conflicting opinions and interests and
preferences.
I repeat, Mr. President, that lam still, as I al-
ways have been, in favor of aPacific railroad,and
in favor of granting all the aid of the Government
which may be necessary to secure its construction;
and while I avow my decided preference for the
northern route so-called, the route explored by
Governor Stevens, I am willing to yield my prefer-
ences so far as to meet gentlemen who'are in favor
of the extreme southern route, upon the terms of
this bill or upon a bill providing for the construc-
tion of the road on the central route. Butif we can-
not meet in a spirit of concilation and compro-
mise upon either of these propositions, and if each
of us shall insist upon and vote for no bill except
such as shall embody our own peculiar views, I
think the prospect anything but a bright one for
our passing any bill for the construction of a
Pacific railroad.
But I did not rise, Mr. President, to prolong
this debate, and am ready for the question to be
taken upon the preliminary questions before us.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, while I profess
to be as much a friend of the general proposition
as any other Senator, I shall have to vote against
this amendment. I differ from other Senators in
another respect. When it is said that we may
well trust the sharp eyes of interest in capitalists
to select the best route, my reply is, I am willing
to give them,all a right of way, and let them go
and select their routes and make their roads when
and where they please. But when you ask the
Government, for the uses of the Government and
by the Government means, to contribute to and
assist in the work, it is the duty of the Govern-
ment not to transfer a responsibility that rests
"upon them to the shoulders of capitalists. They,
to the extent that they contribute and assist in
building the road, have a duty to perform to their
constituents which they cannot constitutionally
transfer. If we are simply to give the privilege
of making a road—to give the right of way to any
and nil companies that maybe formed—I should
be willing to trust them as between the thirty-
second and forty-ninth parallels of latitude, and
let them go where they please; because it would
be a matter of individual enterprise only, and, in
that ease, we might properly trust the vigilance
of self-interest. But when the Government un-
dertakes to put its hands to the work, and looks
to the wants of the Government Sis a justification
for doing so, those who are the agents of the Gov-
ernment must discharge that trust in a becoming
manner, and locate the road which they propose
to assist, in the construction of where they believe
the public interest and duty require.
So far as the Government is concerned, do we
need only one road? I think so. Others may
think we require three. I think one trunk, with
branches at each end, will meet all the wants of
the Government; and, in the location of that
trunk, as it is designed for the Government, and
as the Government must contribute to its con-
struction, we, the agents of the Government, in-
trusted with this power by our constituents, have
a responsibility and a duty to perform, which
we have no right to transfer to interested capi-
talists.
Permit me to ask this question, sir: if those cap-
italists should locate the road by Puget Sound,
or by the El Paso route, would it meet the wants
of the Government ? This would address itself
to our judgment as to the expediency and pro-
priety of investing a certain amountof publiclands
and public money for a road which, when con-
structed, would be local in its character. In order
to make use of it, if constructed 011 the southern
route, New York and Maine would have to trans-
port their goods three thousand miles to get to
the eastern terminus; and if the extreme northern
route were taken, portions of California would
have to transport their commodities two thousand
miles to reach Puget Sound. Just so certain as
you put it on either one of t.hese extremes, you
will either have, in a very short period of time,
a proposition for another road, or you will have
overland mail routes and wagon roads constructed;
because even by a wagon road you can carry the
mail through, and carry munitions of war through,
better and cheaper than you can by a railroad on
either one of the extremes, and then have to dis-
seminate it after you get it over. We find now
that, instead of transporting the mails in ocean
steamers, it is the interest and duty of the Gov-
ernmenUto send them across the plains.
Let the railroad route be as circuitous as the
route of the ocean steamers, or approximate to
it, and the increased facilities of improved roads
across the interior will still successfully compete
with it; because, being so circuitous, when sup-
plies go over it they have to be carried thousands
o'f miles before they get to the point of destina-
tion.
That brings up this question: Will you make
more roads than one? I am now speaking of the
Government, its wants, and its interests. Will
the Government embark in the making of more
roads than one ? If not, one on an extreme route
will not subserve the ends proposed by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] It will not
meet those wants; it will not transport those sup-
plies in that length of time; and under those cir-
cumstances which would make it a matter of jus-
tification for the Government to embark in the
enterprise.
We have not an unlimited discretion to employ
any means we please, even for the accomplish-
ment of a constitutional end. There are limita-
tions to that discretion. Those limitations are,
first, that the means proposed must be necessary,
and next, not only must they be necessary, but
they must be proper. It will not do to break
down these barriers in the exercise of our dis-
cretion, even to accomplish a constitutional end
to defend the country, and say we will make use
of any means we please, though not necessary
and though not proper. It thus must address
itself to our honest hearts and honest judgments;
whetherit be necessary and whether it be proper,
and if not necessary and proper to accomplish a
constitutional end of the Government, we have
no right, in the discharge of our duty, to put our
hands into the Treasury and take one solitary
dollar.
Then, is it necessary and proper to make three
roads or five ? Is it necessary and proper to make
one road On the verge of the Union, and after it
traverses this intermediate space, have three
thousand miles to go before it reaches its proper
point of destination? It is not. according to my
judgment; and I may be permitted to say it is
almost straining a point even to make one road
on the most central route, where it is practicable,
on the best land, over the best soil, with the best
facilities of timber, and of water, and of grains.
Even in that aspect, it may perhaps require a lit-
tle elasticity of conscience. In obedience to a
growing, strong, powerful public sentiment, we
might do it because it is plausible enough; it
seems to be necessary and proper in a reasonable
point of view, and to that extent we may go; but
because it would be necessary and proper to that
extent, let us not go to the wild extreme of say-
ing that we will make numberless roads under
pretexts that do not address themselves to our
judgment.
As I before remarked, I must vote against the
pendingproposition, foritis transferring the duty
which is imposed upon us. If it be necessary and
proper for the wants of the Government, we must
decide that necessity, and that propriety, and we
must not transfer the decision of these two ques-
tions to interested capitalists. I shall vote against
the amendment. I may, perhaps, submit some
other proposition, if I see that there is a common
sentiment in the Senate which would justify me
in anticipating a success in defining the location of
theroad. The Senator from Vermont remarked
that no proposition to locate it south could get
northern support and no proposition to locate it
north could get southern support. *
Mr. FOOT. The Senator will understand me
as speaking of the extreme routes—the one on the
borders of Mexico and the other on the borders
of the British provinces.
