1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
Arms, and shall give a bond in the same penalty,
and to be approved in like manner as the bond of
the Sergeant-a't-Arms,and who shall receive for aii
his services an annual salary of $2,500. That the
superintendent shall have charge of the folding-
room, of ail property pertaining thereto, and of
all documents for distribution to or by members
of the House, delivered to him for that purpose,
and shall be responsible on his officral bond for
the same; that the superintendent shall cause to
be kept a set of books, in which shall be entered,
in proper form, all documents, books, and other
publications which pass through his officc, with
the time when received, who from, and for what
purpose, and also the times wherfand persons to
whom all such, documents are delivered, taking
and giving proper receipts, when the same shall
be necessary, or shall be required of him; and the
superintendent shall furnish the Committee of
Accounts of the House, within sixty days after
the beginning of each session of Congiess, and
every sixty days thereafter during the session, a
report making a complete exhibit from said books
of the condition of the folding-room and of the
business done theie; and the first report made at
each session of Congress shall embrace the oper-
ations of his department from the time of his last
preceding report; that all purchases for the fold-
ing-room shall be made by the proper officer of
the House, on estimates made by the superin-
tendent and approved by the Committee of Ac-
counts, and not otherwise; that the superintend-
ent shall have power to employ not exceeding two
clerks, at an annual compensation of $1,000 each,
and not exceeding ten folders and packers, at a
compensation of $2 50 per day each, and such ad-
ditional temporary force, during the session of
Congress only, as the Committee of Accounts
shall authorize, at a compensation to be fixed by
said committee; provided that no Such tempo-
rary employment shall extend beyond a period of
thirty days without a reappointment.
It further provides that all the employes au-
thorized in the last preceding section shall be ap-
pointed m writing, and the appointments of the
permanent employes shall be signed by the super-
intendent, and dated on the day they are made
and approved, and countersigned by the Speaker
of the House, and shall be void until so counter-
signed; and all the temporary employes author-
ized in the last preceding section shall be ap-
pointed in writing by the superintendent, and the
appointments dated the day they are made, and
approved and countersigned by the chairman, or
some member of the Committee of Accounts, by
authority of said committee, and shall Be void
until so countersigned; that each of said perma-
nent employes shall, before receiving any.com-
pensation, deposit his written appointment with
the proper pay-officer of the House, and so long
as said appointment remains in the hands of said
pay-officer unrevoked, the name or names of the
said employes shall be kept on the proper pay-
roll, and they shall be paid accordingly; and each
of said temporary employes shall deposit his ap-
pointment with the' Committee of Accounts, and
their services shall be paid by the proper disburs-
ing officer, on the certificate of said committee;
provided that in every case where the compen-
sation of said employes, or any of them, shall 6e
paid by the day, or by the piece, the superintend-
ent shall cause the amount of compensation due
to be certified to the Committee of Accounts for
their examination and approval; that whenever
any of the said employes shall be'removed, his
appointment shall be revoked in writing by the
superintendent, and the revocation made and filed
with the pay-officer aforesaid, or the Committee
of Accounts, who shall have possession of the
original appointment; and after the said revoca-
tion is made and filed, as aforesaid, it shall not
be lawful for said disbursing officer, or said com-
mittee, to pay or authorize the payment of said
employe for any services rendered after the date
of said revocation; but no substitute or succcssor
shall be paid, unless regularly appointed in man-
ner aforesaid.
It provides further, that the power of appoint-
ing all messengers, and other subordinates here-
tofore employed in the folding-room, is' hereby
taken from the Doorkeeper of the House, and all
laws and resolutions, vesting such power in the
Doorkeeper, are hereby rescinded and repealed.
That the superintendent of the folding-room shall
be responsible, on his official bond, for all mal-
feasance, misfeasance, and nonfeasance of his
subordinates which would charge him, if commit-
ted by him in person, and shall be liable to be
dismissed from office by the House of Repre-
sentatives, upon resolution of the House. That
if the said superintendent, or any of the said em-
ployes shall fraudulently sell, dispose of, destroy,
or convert to his own use, any book, document,
pamphlet, speech, or any thing, or article of value,
pertaining to the folding-room of the House of
Representatives, or which may come into his pos-
session as such employe, he shall be liable to in-
dictment therefor, in the criminal court of the
District of Columbia, and, upon conviction, shall
be fined not exceeding fifty dollars, to which may
be added imprisonment in the penitentiary not
exceeding six months; and it shall be sufficient,
irr any such indictment, to allege the ownership
of such property to be in the United States. That
the right of members of the House of Representa-
tives to receive books and documents printed by
order of the House, made during their term of
office, for distribution to the people, through their
Representatives, shall cease thirty days before the
franking privilege of the members, respectively,
expires; and it shall not be lawful for the super-
intendent to deliver any such documents to such
members after that time; but all such books and
documents remaining undelivered to the members
at the time aforesaid, shall be delivered to their
successors respectively; and the right of members
elect to such books and documents, shall begin at
the time when the right of the outgoing members
expires, under the provisions of this act.
Mr. KELSEY. How does that bill come here?
Is it a privileged question?
The SPEAKER. The select committee of the
last session reported that bill, under the resolution
authorizing the appointment of the committee;
the House gave them liberty to report at any time.
The privilege to report at any time, involves the
privilege to call up the bill at any timeT
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When the bill is
open to amendment, I want to move that the sal-
ary of the superintendent be reduced from $2,500
to $2,000, for $2,500 is a larger salary than is
paid to any officer, except the Clerk of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. MORGAN. The present salary is $1,500.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am willing to
put it at that.
Mr. HUGHES. Th<! select committee which
reported this bill was appointed at the last ses-
sion, under a resolution, to inquire into the ac-
counts and official conduct of the Doorkeeper.
Their powers were afterwards enlarged, by a res-
olution of the House, so as to include the then
Doorkeeper; and subsequently their powers were
enlarged so as to include an inquiry into any abuses,
affecting the publication or sale of books printed by
authority of the House of Representatives. The
committee examined a good many witnesses, and
the resolution and bill here reported are the result
of that investigation. This report was made some
time in May last; and I have permitted it to lie
till the present time because the press of public
business was such that no suitable opportunity
for action upon it occurred. It is now-within a
few days of the end of the session, and I have felt
it to be my duty, as the chairman of that commit-
tee, to call the matter up and let the House dis-
pose of it in such manner as they may deem
proper. 1 do not wish, Mr. Speaker, to occupy
the time of the House with this matter; and if
there be no disposition to debate it, I will, after
such amendments as gentlemen think proper to
propose, ask the previous question. I would in-
quire if the question will not he first on the reso-
lution reported by the committee, that it may be
disposed of before the bill is acted on f
The SPEAKER. The House has already got
the bill before it; and it must be disposed of first.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina. Is it in
order to move to lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
Indiana yields the floor, it will be m order.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina. The House
has not got time now to consider this matter.
Mr. HUGHES. As the gentleman from North
Carolina indicates a disposition to move to lay the
bill on the table, I wish simply to say, before
yielding the floor, that I hope the House will not
make that dispWsitibn of the bill. I think it is a
very important measure, and one which intro-
duces some wholesome restrictions. *
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman if this measure meets the unanimous
approbation of his cotamittee ?
Mr. HUGHES. Ye's, sir, it does.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move the
amendment which I suggested—ti> strike out
$2,500 and insert $1,500; so that the section will
read;
That there shall be appointed by the House of Represent-
atives a superintendent of the folding-room, who shall bold
his office for the same term as the Sergeant-at-Arms, and
sliaii give a bond in the same penalty,-and to be approved
in like manner as the bond of the Sergeant-at-Arms, and
who uhall receive for all services an annual salary of $1,500.
Mr. MORGAN. That is the present salary*.
Mr. HUGHES. Before moving the previous
question, 1 would state that we propose to place
considerable responsibilities on the superintend-
ent to be elected under this bill, which do not
now rest on the superintendent. The present
superintendent is a mere subordinate to the Door-
keeper of the House; but we propose to make the
superintendent an elective officer; to place re-
sponsibilities upon him, and require him to give
a heavy bond and security. I think the salary
proposed is not too large.
Mr. MORGAN. I never knew a bond to
amount to anything. J
Mr. RUFFIN. This bill authorizes the super-
intendent to employ folders not exceeding ten in
number. I want to know whether the messen-
gers of the House now authorized by law are
to be kept during the recess of Congress, without
any work to do, and drawing their pay? Under
the present management, the Doorkeeper turns
over his messengers, after the adjournment of
Congress, to the superintendent of the folding-
riom.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman from North
Carolina rriisapprehends the provisions of the
bill. The bill provides that the superintendent
of the folding-room, and not the Doorkeeper, may
employ not exceeding ten folders.
Mr. RUFFIN. During the recess he is allowed
ten'folders.
Mr. HUGHES. The messengers employed
by the Doorkeeper, in the discharge of his dutiea
proper, are not affected by this bill at all. This
bill relates exclusively to the folding-room.
Mr. RUFFIN. That is exactly my under-
standing. The Doorkeeper of the House keeps
ten or twelve men during the whole recess,draw-
ing a salary. 1 believe the House decided, the
other day, that the resolution passed at the last
session amounts to nothing, and that the Door-
keeper's messengers are entitled to the full pay
allowed under the law. Under this bill, these
messengers will have nothing to do during the
recess, and will draw their pay from the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HUGHES. This bill does notaffect that
force at all.
Mr. RUFPIN. That is exactly what I said.
That is the reason I complain of it.
Mr. HUGHES. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina to the section of the
bill which gives to the superintendent of the fold-
ing-room the power to appoint his own messen-
gers.
Mr. RUFFIN. That is exactly what I com-
plain of. The superintendent is allowed to ap-
point his own messengers, while the Doorkeeper
is still authorized, under the present law, to have
his permanent messengers here during the recess
of Congress, Unless you repeal the law, there
will be, from the 4th of March to the 1st of De-
cember next, some ten or a dozen men in the em-
ployment of the Doorkeeper who have nothing
to do.
Mr. KELSEY. Has the previous question
been called?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
whether it has or not.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I move to lay the bill
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana has the floor.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman from North
Carolina totally misapprehends the-matter. The
committee have only attempted to reform the fold-
ing-room department; and is it any objection to
that measure that the reform has not been ex-
tended to matters not submitted to th'e cbmmit-
