1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; I will take that for
granted. Well, because that may be the case, are
we to pass a bill which permits interested capital-
ists to locate it? The Senator says the result is,
that nobody will be cheated but somebody will
be disappointed. Will not the public will of the
country be misrepresented by it? You and I, and
all of us, profess to represent our respective States
according to their will. Their will is, not io put
the road on one of those extreme routes; and yet,
by voting this latitude of choice, you superinduce
a certain train of circumstances which may thus
locate it in defiance of the public will of the coun-
try which you and I are here to represent. It is
therefore not right. If that public will will not
concentrate itself and locate this road at a proper
point, then the public will is not ready for the
road. To say that we, as the exponents of the
people and of the States, would not go for either
one of those routes, and yet, that we will super-
induce a train of circumstances that may result in
one of them being taken, I think is stultifying
ourselves. I mustvotedecidedly,understanding^
as to what the proper point is. Whenever that
question comes up I may deem it my duty, as
well as my privilege, to give the reasons for the
vote I shall cast. For the present I simply con-
tent myself with giving these reasons why this
great latitude should not be allowed.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, if I understand
the Senator from Missouri, he argues that there
is a constitutional necessity on Congress to locate
the road before giving it assistance, and argues
that the Government, a sort of myth 
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator will allow me, I
\?ould much prefer to have him, or any other Sen-
ator, not give his understanding of what I say,
but to repeat my words. I merely remarked that
there was a constitutional power to defend the
country, and that if it be necessary and proper in
the defense of the country to make a road of a
certain description to meet the wants of the Gov-
ernment, we had the power to do it on a tolera-
bly liberal construction, but that we must be the
judges as to whether it was necessary and proper,
and that the location of it, to a great extent, would
influence the question whether it was necessary
and pioper to accomplish the end.
Mr. DAVIS. Did not the Senator say that
Congress owed it to the country as an obligation
upon it, to locate the road?
Mr, GREEN. Yes, if they undertake to make
it.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well. Then the Senator
holds that it is a constitutional obligation on Con-
gress to locate the road if they give the aid to the
company which is proposed in this bill, and he
speaks of the Government as though it was a sort
of myth, a thing standing alone by itself, of which
the Senator announces himself an agent, and he
assumes that the Government is to know where
the road ought to be located,and therefore ought
to locate the road; I suppose,understanding this
physical problem, as Falstaff knew the prince,
'• by instinct." The Government, whether com-
posed of Senators and Representatives, or other-
wise, can have no knowledge of the country over
which the road is to run other than as they de-
rive it from the examinations anil reports of
others. He says, and says truly, that one road
will suffice for the wants of the Government; but
then where does he get his public opinion that
makes that road begin from Missouri ? It may
be the public opinion of his own State, and his
own locality.
Mr. GREEN. I assuredly did notnuineMis-
souri.
Mr. DAVIS. You did not name, but you lo-
cated it as exactly as if you had named it. The
predecessor of that Senator used to be m the habit
of idling us of a direct route, a dead level that
used to lay across mountains, which, when sui-
veved, weie found to be ten thousand feet above
the sea. That was a part of the " instinct ' of
the Government that knew just where to locate
railroads. .
The whole proposition of leaving this question
open, rests upon ground purely moral and highly
defensible. It is that we have gathered as much
information as we could collect; that we have no
power without debate, doubt, or error, to decide
where the best line to the Pacific is, but that
having got information enough to enable us to
say some of the routes are practicable, (and that
was more than we knew at one time,) we now
say upon some of those routes found to be prac-
ticable we desire a road to be built, we will aid
in its construction; and to determine which of
them is best we say we will accept bids from cap-
italists for the construction of the road, and in
those who can build the road cheapest and in- the
shortest time must be found the best route. If,
sir, it was proposed to give them so much a'mile,
and to increase it to an unlimited sum, then it
might be supposable that a company would go
around by the most circuitous route; if any route
could be found where they could afford to build
the road for the mere gratuity the Government
offered; but when that sum is limited, when it is
cut down in the substitute which I explained to
simply $10,000,000, it is quite clear that they will
not find that central and level route which was
described in former years, the one over which
they can afford to build the road for that amount
of money, and the other aids offered by the propo-
sition before the Senate.
If there be other inducements, and a company
chooses to go there and build the road, well; and
thus I say let them build it where they will. If
they will cross that desert, it will answer the pur-
pose of the Government, for strike the populated
and agricultural country when and where they
will, roads will run along the meridians of longi-
tude, and reach every portion of our country. It
is that great mass of mountain and desert plains,
which lie in their midst, and on the eastern side
of them, which constitutes the difficulty not to be
overcome by private enterprise.
It is very easy for Senators to say, and it would
be very acceptable to me if I could believe, that
private companies might go. on and build the
roads wherever they pleased, and that we would
give them the right of way; but this pioblem is
the greatest undertaking which has been attempt-
ed for many centuries, and it is a difficulty too
great to be overcome by private capital in the
present condition of the country. The period is
remote, too remote for any man now living to
forsee it, when that desert will so far be peopled
that private capital can afford to build this road
across it. The aid of the Government, and that
aid not so much in this bill as in the contracts it
contemplates for services to be rendered to the
Government, the highest and most enduring in-
ducement m the bill, and the very one that has
not been noticed, may induce capitalists to build
a road across the continent. When that road is
built it will answer the purposes of the Govern-
ment—build it even to Puget Sound. That it
will be built there, under any view which I take
of it, is a thing scarcely possible; but if I should
be in error, (for I have none of that " instinct"
which enables me, though a part of the Govern-
ment, to tell where the best route is,) if it should
be built there, then I ask you, will it be so^re-
mote from the center when it readies the valley
of the Mississippi? Roads are extending up the
Mississippi now, and the great struggle of every
eastern Atlantic city is to tap those valleys of
the West. Everywhere capital is struggling in
rivalry against capital, in neighboring cities, to
see how far it can extend its roads and how much
it can ramify them to reach those fertile plains
that lie to the west; and whether this road come
across through Texas, whether it come across
over those mountains to Missouri, along the
forty-second parallel, or whether it come along
the forty-ninth, whenever it shall reach those cul-
tivated valleys, every commercial city, from New
Orleans to Boston, will be linked to it by iron m a
very short period. Already, a town even further
north and east than the one I have named, is ex-
tendingirs connections, coupling itselt with works
of internal improvement in Canada, and reaching
strongly out towards the Rocky Mountains. It
it were done, though it would not answer all our
purposes as well, perhaps, as some other location,
it would answer our purposes and enable us to
reach any point on the Pacific in eight or ten
days. .
1 do not, therefore, admit the solidity of the
argument of the Senator from Missouri. But I
would have allowed his argument to pass, if he
had not put all those who differed from him in
the attitude of abandoning a constitutional duty,
and failing to perform a function which was im-
posed upon them, and which he claims they are,
without constitutional authority, about- to dele-
gate. It is no delegation, Mr. President, to say
that we will allow capitalists, any more than it is
a delegation to say we will-allow engineers, to aid
us ift the location of this road. Capitalists, sharps
ened by their own wit, studying the soil, the pro-
file, and the natural history of the country as furir- -
ished to them by exploring engineers, come in aid •
of the United States in the location of the road. It
is a valuable aid, and most valuable because it is
necessarily, so far as we are concerned, disinter-
ested. Their interest is to build it for the least
money, and to get the largest returns. Are they
going to build it where it will not answer the pur-
poses 6f the Government? It would be stultifi-
cation, indeed, on theirpart,if they would invest
their own money in the construction of a road,
over a route so remote, so circuitous, so little use-
ful to the country, that it would not, after it was
completed, answer the purpose of the Govern-
ment. It seems to me to be conjuring hazards
from the land of dreams, to imagine that a com-
pany of large capitalists will construct the road at a
place where there would be nothing to carry upon
if, and there would be nothing to carry upon it if
it was constructed in such a locality that it would
not answer the purposes of the country.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I think I must
have been a little unfortunate in my mode of ex-
pression, else I do not see why the Senator from
Mississippi could take any exception to my urg-
ing, as my own reasons for my own vote, what I
regarded as my constitutional duty.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not so understand you.
Mr. GREEN. I think I must have been ex-
ceedingly unfortunate if I was not so understood.
I do not expect to shadow forth the thoughts
and impressions and opinions of other Senators'
minds. Their opinions of constitutional duty and
obligation may be different from mine; but I under-
take tospeak formyself,and to repcesentthe opin-
ions I entertain. Nor need the Senator undertake
to lessen the force of these objections by saying
that the Government cannot know by instinct. I
trust I never laid the foundation for any such idea
as that.
We are required to legislate on other subjects
as well as on the subject of Pacific railroads; but
I who believes that we learn our business with re-
gard to military affairs by instinct; with regard
to the judiciary by instinct; with regard to the
ten thousand interests that affect this vast Union
by instinct? And yet we talk and we act and we
legislate upon those subjects with definite exact-
ness; but because we are so required to legislate,.
no one supposes that it implies an imputation that
we learn these things by instinct. If we do not
know where the road ought to be, and if its loca-
tion is an important element in the consideration
of the question whether or not it be necessary
and proper for the Government, then we arc not
ready, with our information, to legislate on the
subject. And to say that, because my predeces-
sor thought a certain route was a good route.
Mr. DAVIS. The best.
Mr. GREEN. Well, say the best route, and
subsequent explorations show it to be impracti-
cable, affords no argument against our under-
taking to perform that task with the great lights
shed upon it by that branch of the public service
over which the Senator from Mississippi pre-
sided. Because Senator Benton, whose fame will
stand notwithstanding these remarks, made use
of such an expression, what has that to do with
the point of objection that I made to this broad
latitude, and the transferrence of a subject on
! which we ought to act, to other and irresponsible
1 laands ?
j There is another consideration, when capi-
j tahsts and commercial men take hold of this sub-
Iject, they act with reference to their interests,
their benefit, their good, their money-making
I plans. When we act as the representatives of the
I States, I trust no such consideration enters into
| our action. But the only question is, where does
! the want of the Government require it to be placed.'
i Is that place practicable, from the lights and m-
| formation collected in the War Department? Are
J we justified in selecting that as the location ? Ap-
proximate, come as near as possible to it; you
!j can define the termini upon the east and upon the
jj west, because you know the points between which
