1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
tee ? If the reforms are good, so far as they go,
let them be adopted by the House; and if the gen-
tleman from North Carolina has other reforms
to recommend, let him propose them.
Mr. BURNETT. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that lie, and not the gentle-
man from North Carolina, is mistaken. Under
the existing law, the Doorkeeper is entitled to
these permanent messengers for the purpose of
employing them in the folding-room. Now, if
he adds to this bill a section taking from the
Doorkeeper the power of appointment of these
messengers, I think it will meet the views of the
gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. HUGHES. That is provided in the ninth
section, which reads as follows:
" Jind be it further enacted, That the power of appoint-
ing att messengers and other subordinates: heretofore em-
ployed in the tolding-room ih Hereby taken from the Door-
keeper of the House ; and ill! laws and'resolutions vesting
such power in the Dooikeeper are hereby rescinded and
repealed."
I move the previous question.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move to
lay the whole subject on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was laid
on the table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rales be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HUGHES. The resolution reported by
the seject committee has not yet been acted on.
I ask for a vote upon it, and demand the previous
question.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That all extra copies of books and documents
printed by order of tile House of Representatives, and di-
vided equally among the members ofthe House, aie intended
for gratuitous distribution to public libraries, and among the
people, and are given to members respectively m trust tor
that purpose ; and that any other u«e or disposition of the
same is a violation ofthe trust aforesaid, and an abuse which
meets the unqualified disapprobation of this House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, tinder the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee ofthe Whole on the state
of the Union; and I desire to inquire ofthe Speaker
whether, when the committee shall rise, and the
business then brought before the House shall be
disposed of, the morning hour would not then
commence?
Mr. HUGHES. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will lot me dispose of this matter. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the bill ..
ported from the select committee was laid upon
the table.
_ Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. I have no objec-
tion to the motion being entered; but I object to
its consideration at this time. The gentleman has
a right to submit his privileged motion; but it
cannot come up pending the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest to the
gentleman from Missouri that the motion to re-
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar; and on that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes twenty-
eight, noes not counted.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr, PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (S. No. 177) to con-'
firm to the heirs or assigns of Bernardo Segui
title to lands in East Florida; when the Speaker
signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Djckins, their Secretary, notifyingthe House
that the Senate had passed bills and resolutions
of the following titles; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House:
A resolution (No. 80) relating; to the claim of
George Fisher, late of Florida, deceased;
An act (No. 5G5) to legalize the sale of the
southwest quaiter of section ten, in township
thirty-nine, north of range fourteen, east of the
third principal meridian, in the State of Illinois;
and
An act (No. 588) foe the relief of Francis Hiitt-
man.
That the Senate have passed an act (H. R. No.
257) to authorize the claimants in right of John
Iluertas, to enter certain lands in Florida, with
an amendment, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence ofthe House.
That the Senate have passed, without amend-
ment, bills of this House of the following titles:
An act (No. 261) for the relief of Leonard
Lootrus;
An act (No. 273) for the relief of John F. Can-
non;
An act ('No. 461) granting an invalid pension
to John Lee, of the State of Maine;
An act (No. 496) for the relief of the represent-
ative of Henry King, deceased;
An act (No. 524) for the relief of Francis Car-
ver;
An act (No. 525) for the relief of Robinson
Gammon;
An act (No. 526) for the relief of Frederick
Smith; and
An act (No. 335) for th« relief of David Wat-
son.
^ That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
_ ji House of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 177)
• to confirm to William Marvin title to lands in
East Florida.
Also, that the Senate agree to the report ofthe
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 218)
relative to the captors of the British brig Cale-
donia.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question then recurred on the motion that
the rules be suspended, and that,the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
consider is not debatable, and that we might just jj the state of the Union.
as well dispose of it now.
Mr. HCJGHES. If it were debatable, I pre-
sume the gentleman from Missouri could not take
the floor from me. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion. I did not discuss the bill; but
the objections which have been started to it do
not apply to it at all.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move to
lay the motion to reconsidcr upon the table.
Mr. HUGHES. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri waive his motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No, sir; 1 do not.
I see that this matter is going to consume a good
deal of time; and it is important that we should
dispose of the Army appropriation bill to-day.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to move to recon-(
sider the vote by which the resolution in relation '
to the pay of the late Major Harris was passed, !
for the purpose of amending it so as to extend it
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I appeal to the
gentleman from Missouri to withdraw his motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and let the committees be called
for reports on private business.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The committees
can be called when we come into the House, and
have disposed ofthe appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man must know that that is impracticable. 1 hope
his motion will be voted down.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri if he will not waive his motion for one
hour?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No, sir; I cannot.
Mr. HUGHES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, was
agreed to—ayes 103, noes 40.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. John
up to the time when his successor took his seat jj Cochrane in the chair,) and resumed the consid
^erre* ^ jj eration of the bill of the House (No. 667) making
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion i! appropriations for the support of the Army for
will be entered. |j the year ending the 30th of June, 1860.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be on the amendment moved yesterday by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] on
which the gentleman from "Virginia [Mr. Smith]
was entitled to the floor.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Strike out the following paragraph :
Cv For constiueting barracks and other building? at posts
which it may be necessary to occupy during the year, and
for repairing, altering, and enlarging the buildings at estab-
lished posts, including the hiie or commutation of quarters
for officers on military duty, the hire of quarters for troops,
and store-houses tor the safe-keeping of military stores, and
of grounds for summer cantonments, and for temporary
frontier stations, $70t),000."
And insert, in heu thereof:
For barracks antfquarters, namely:
For rents, including hire or commutation of quarters for
officers on miluaiy duty, hire of quarters for troops, of store-
houses for the safe-keepingof military stores, of grounds for
biimmcr cantonments, and for temporary frontier stations,
$100,000. 9
For repairs of the barracks and other buildings at the dif-
ferent military posts m the States east of the Mississippi
liver, $20,000.
For the constiueuon, alteration, and repair of barracks
and other buildings, at the different military posts, winch
are or may be established m the States of Arkansas, Mis-
souri, and Minnesota, and the Territories of Kansas, Ne-
braska, and the Indian territory, ,$70,000.
For the construction, alteration, and repair of barracks
and other buildings at the diffeient military posts, which
are or may be established in the State of Texas, $40,000.
For the construction, alteration, and repair of bairacks
and other buildings, at the different military posts, which
aie or may be established in the Territory of New Mexico,
$45,000. '
For the construcnon, alteration, and repair of barracks
and other buildings, at the different military posts, which
are or may iie established in the States of California and
Oregon, and Territory of Washington, &80,000.
For tlje construction, alteration, and repair of barracks
and other buildings, at the different military posts, which
ale or may be established in the Territory of Utah, $150,000.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to reduce
the appropriation of the amendmentof the gentle-
man from Missouri to $20,000.
Mr. Chairman, I simply desire to call-the at-
tention of the committee to the gigantic appropri-
ation proposed for the structure of public build-
ings. Seven hundred thousand dollars is the
amount in the paragraph of the bill. This large
sum of money, it js proposed, shall be expended
under the orders of commanders of posts; ex-
pended for buildings without plans proposed, and
expended without oiders, I understand, from the
War Department. The amount is frightful. It
is true thai the chairman of. the Committee of
Ways and Means proposes to reduce the amount
of the bill; but at what does he leave it?—$505,000.
Ho still leaves that, sum to Be expended in a mis-
cellaneous way, and without any proper respons-
ibility. •
Now, it strikes me that it may be well ques-
tioned whether, to a great extent, this whole cla^a
of expenditures is not entirely useless and im-
proper. Why should such an enormous amount
be expended as is heie provided? On what prin-
ciple is it that such a vast sum is annually ap-
propriated ? What exhibition had we yesterday
oil the motion of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Seward ?] A proposal to sell property ac-
quired for military purposes, at a sum less than
its original cost, and without payment for the
after expenses of building barracks and other im-
provements. So, also, has it been at other mili-
tate posts of the United States. When a post is
located upon the frontier, we have been in the
habit of erecting splendid palaces for the accom-
modation of officers of the Army. Soon the tide
of emigration comes rolling along, and they cease
to be military posts. They are abandoned, and
become a dead loss'to the Government. Then
new structures are erected, and other hundreds of
thousands of dollars expended. Why is it that
an army cannot do now as they have done before?
Why cannot they put up their tents, remain at
their temporary locations, and, when emigration
renders the occupation of the site unnecessary,
pull up their stakes, and take up the line of march
onward for a more remote location? Why is it
that every one of these posts requires, the expend-
iture of thousands and thousands of dollars? It
seems to me that this system of expenditure is
more likely to pamper the schemes of speculators
than anything else. I want to strike at the root
of this expenditure. I believe that $20,000 is
amply sufficient for the necessary demands of the
military posts of the country.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Fort Laramie is
a point where considerable expenditure is to be
