1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tf 9
House, for reasons that will appear in the course
of my remarks.
Sir, no membei has a higher respect for an inde-
pendent judiciary than myself. I would do noth-
ing to impair it; but I do not believe in that inde-
pendence which is characterized by tyranny and
oppression. I believe in that independence which
is governed by an honest heart and an integrity of
purpose, without fear or favor.
In no country is an independent and fearless ju-
diciary more important than in ours. The pecu-
liar structure of our Government,^hvided, as its
functions are, into executive, legislative, and ju-
dicial, the latter assumes a high character and a
position of vast importance. It may be said to
stand between liberty and despotism, and is the
great bulwark between legislative encroachment
and the rights of the people.
If the Congress enact an unconstitutional law,
the court can declare it void. This great power
that it possesses, renders it necessary that the ju-
diciary should not only be indej eiident, but pure,
honest, and without taint or suspicion.
I do not propose to follow the course of this
debate into an extended investigation, or an analy-
sis of the evidence against Judge Wall ous. There
are some points, however, in this proceeding for
impeachment, to which I would invite the atten-
tion of the House.
I insist that we should hold the right of petition
sacred, a'nd that the exercise of tins great repub-
lican privilege of the citizen should be treated with i
* proper consideration by those who represent the !
rights and interests of the people.
It is not proper for a member of this honorable |
body to reproach any man for the exercise of this j
right. It is not for the House to go beyond the |
subject-matter of the petition, to assail the char- j
acter and motives of the citizen who seeks to se- ,
cure his rights, and invokes the constitutional :
power of Congress for the redress of grievances, j
Sir, if the right of petition—if one of the most ;
important guarantees of our liberties—is to be
subverted, maelea source of invective against the ,
character and motives of citizens who approach j
Congress, in a proceeding of this nature, it is of ;
but little benefit to the people.
feeling in his remarks against the memorialist.
He seems to regard it as a species of effrontery
in him to ask for an investigation into Judge Wat-
rous's conduct.
The House must be sensible that a great wrong
has been done to the cause of justice in permit-
ting the inquiry to be thus diverted from Judge
Watrous, and that an equally great wrong has
been committed towards Mr. Mussina, in allow-
ing accusations, without evidence, to be made on
the floor of this House against his character and
motives.
Sir, f do' not conceive that these proceedings
furnish any occasion for going into an investiga-
tion of Mr. Mussina's claims to the respect, con-
fidence, and'good opinion of honorable members
of this body.
In reply to the assaults upon his character,
■made on this floor without warrant and m lan-
guage I deem not proper, on the part of the advo-
cates of Judge Watrous, it is but just that I
should say Mr. Mussina is a resident of the city
of New York, which 1 have the honor in part to
represent, where he has resided upwards of two
years; and it is due to my convictions to add that
I from personal acquaintance with him, as well as
| from a knowledge of the part he has borne in this
proceeding, I am persuaded of the integrity of his
motives and the entire right he has, and the pro-
priety of his conduct m asking the investigation
of the conduct of ail officer, who, he conceives,
has oppressed, betrayed, and defrauded him.
I do not consider this a proper occasion to
speak further on this subject, except to remind
the House of the fact that Mr. Simon Mussina,
the active prosecuttfr in this proceeding, is con-
tending for the recovery of his own direct and
personal rights in the Cavazos suit—he being
jointly interested m the land transactions of his
brother, against whom the judgment was ren-
dered; and that the right and integrity of the pro
if the judge, m the subsequent proceedings, had shown a
disposition to administer justice witlxaa even band.
" The petitioner, Jacob Mussina, was not made a defend-
ant in the cause until after these proceedings were had.j but
his munest afterwards, appearing by the affidavit of one of
the defendants, although he was not a citizen of Texas, but
a citizen of Louisiana, he was made a defendant by an
amendment to the bill of complaint. The committee find
that, duiing the progress of the cause, the weli-estabftshed
rules of law and evidence were repeatedly disregarded by •
the cuurt, and in all cases m favor of the complainants and
against the defendants. The testimony of interested wit-
nesses was allowed against the objection of the defendants;
and the deposition and affidavits of an attorney for the com-
plainants were received in evidence, against the objection
of the defendants, although it was shown by his own testi-
mony that lie was prosecuting the suit under an agreement
•of champerty—that is, he was to share m the proceeds of
fi- -sale ol the property alter it should have been recovered
:vn'd sold.
•• The court allowed the use of translations of important
documents tending to prove the title of the complainants to
the pioperty#m question, which had been made out by the
same attorney who was by agreement to share in the profits
ot the suit when the land should be rucovered, and sold,
without acting under the sancoons of an oath, and without
the translations being verified by oath. And the court also
overruled the objection of the defendants to the use of such
translations. Thuie is some record testimony before the
committee showing that these uanslations were false in 4
some respects, without showing m what respects they were
tahe.
" A short time previous to the January term of the dis-
trict court of Galveston for i83:2, Judge Watrous caused it
to be undeisiood by rumors, and by declarations given out
by hansel! pubhdv, that he would not hold a January teim
at Galveston, which came to the knowledge of JacobMus-
simi and prevented his attending that £Ourt, and taking
such steps as might be necessary to secure the benefits of
an appeal. But notwithstanding his declarations, he did
hold the January term at Galveston, and rendered a decree
in the said chancery cause, declaiingthe title ot Mussina
to the piopeny m controvei&Y to be null and void, and en-
i joining linn lorever from anther asserting any claim to the
: same, leniaikmg at the tune that he had seen or conversed
i with 'the parties at Austin, and that they had consented
I to, or were satw-dod wnh, the deciee ; which declaration
j or the judge pievented an attorney of Jacob Mussina, then
I happening to be in court, from taking the necessary steps
| foi an appeal; whereas in truth and in fact, Judge Wat-
| rous had not seen or ronveisdd with Jacob Mussina at
Galveston, or elsewhere, or any person representing his
ceedmg he h^insUtuidJor the pun.shmerit of jj
the accused, has never before been questioned by
any authority to which he has submitted Ins case. ,
On the contrary, he has received the indorsement j
i of public bodies, and a sovereign State has united j
lilt limp notion. ui tne ueumc. i! in the prayer of his petition; and he stands to-day :
For myself, I have been taught to regard the i! asking for justice, and justice only, from this hon- ■
right of petition as one of the most sacred secured i! oiable body.
oiable body
In the proceedings of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress it will be seen that the matter of Mr. Mus-
sina's petition was made the subject of careful
investigation, and that the Judiciary Committee
unanimously indorsed it, granted his prayer, anu
recommended the impeachment of Judge Wat-
to~ us by the Constitution, and intimately con |
nected with the liberties of the people; and I be- i
lieve it is the duty of the House to consider the ;
matter of the petition prefericd, and the evidence j
adduced here for the impeachment of a Federal !
iud"-e, solely on its merits, and with a view to ;•    , _
determine the guilt or innocence of the accused ; rous, for high crimes committed m a series of acts
merely and not to permit the issue to be changed of oppression and fraud upon the memorialists,
by an attempt to place his accusers on trial in his j; The report of this committee states in a conve-
stead, by allowing their character to be assailed. | nient and concise form the leading facta ot Mr.
I have noticed, with regret, attempts-made to i[ Mussina's case, and 1 will read from it as far as
draw the attention of the House fiom inquiries j! it may be necessary for the House to be-mformed
into the frounds for the impeachment of Judge |, m this particular, in order to show the giounds
Watrous?by attacks upon the motives of the me- !, upon which the committee unanimously deteim-
morlaZs, including the honor and integrity of the | hfed the guilt of Judge Watrous and recom-
people of Texas who join in the desire tor the r mended his impeachment:
trial of the accused. The memorialists seek, attd :: a'j'he committee would, however,
otitis, aie founded upon ttie conduct ui juuk*.
a chancery suit litigated m his court at Galveston.
ch'U'-'C that throughout the progiess ot the case he was op-
and
away from inquiring; into the grave charge
against a judicial officer of this Government. It
Tvvn<?f bf> hnrnp in mind that it is Judge Watrous , cu
It \IV UlUt lll-.uuj,".""". r-    1,1-.
that is arraigned, and not Simon Mussina; it is his ;; P™ P ^'fawaii'^evi'dince, aud tile rights ofliti-
official character that has to be pronounced upon, e..auii utu
and this investigation should proceed upon its j
merits; the House must do its duty to the coun- j
try, determining whether there is reasonable sus- j; the town
picion of the guilt of Judge Watrous, and if he ,i ^ jjrfnv,l!9V1iiG and to quiet the title as against the claim ot
* •  oiioirofiAMo that liavp hp.pi) !i ^i. _  .*•>,!.> defendants. The bill of complaint. .
oath, alleged that all the complain- j
UiViVU Ul ...Vg..   - - - • o . . , I'UI i->i W W 113   liiv.,
is impeachable upon the allegations that have been j | th(Me vv!l0 wae lmtde
cto„ri;n(  no-ninst. him the last ten years. ! wh.ch was venfied by
standing against him the last ten years.
Let the House determine this question on the ,
evidence, and the evidence alone. The dignity of
the House forbids that it should descend to vitu-
perate private and unaccused citizens, who have
appealed here for redress of wrongs, and not for
inquisition and judgment upon their motives.
From the course of a portion of this debate,
we should suppose that Mr. Mussina was on his
trial, instead of the real party. ,
The name of this gentleman has been drawn
into this debate unjustly. He comes before this :
honorable body uniier a well-defined right, and is ,
entitled to our protection. j
The distinguished member from Tennessee, ■
[Mr. Ready,] particularly, exhibited a prejudiced I
excuse. Five of the eight complainants, who were mate-
rial and neccssaiv parties, had been made defendants man
early .static of the cause, and without any answer or alle-
gations on their pait, except two ot them, a decree was ren-
dered in their lavor against Mussina 5 and to perfect an
appeal, a notice should have been given in open court, at
the time the decrec was rendered, ui, in case of appeal be-
ing taken aftenvaids, by the provisions of the twenty-second
section of the judiciary act, the appellees must be served
with a citation of appeal; and as one of the parties was a
marued woman, and another an infant, all of them resiom?
our of the jurisdiction of our courts, being citizens of Mex-
ico, it became very difficult, if not impossible, to peiiect
an appeal after the court had adjourned.
" Lt tutther appears, that afterwards, 011 or about the —
dav of January, 1854, Judge Wauou?,upori the application
of'the solicitor of the complainants m the chanceiy cause
at Galveston, cited said Jacob Mussina to appear in court
I at that place to answer for a contempt of couit, m contin-
! mng to assert that he had an interest 111 the said property at
I Brownsville. The acts charged to be in contempt of court
! were, that he had commenced and prosecuted a suit
1 m the city of New Orleans, against some of the parties ami
solicitors in the said case of Cavazos el aL %s, Suilman et
al.s for conspiracy, m the proceedings in said case, to de-
fraud and cheat, under color of legal proceedings, the said
Jacob Miissmaout of hisinterest in the property at Browns-
ville. The suit at New Orleans was commenced the ypar
before the decree was pronounced at Galveston, 'ihat de-
cree did not notice the suit at New Orleans, or in any man-
ner enjout it. The other act chatged to be a contempt, wad
the filing of protests by said Mussina m the ofnee ot the
Secictarv of War and in the auartemiaster.General's oltice,
at Washington, against the payment ot money by the
Depaiunent to the successful litigants for the rent ot the
Brownsville property The coui t declared Jacob Mussina
to be in contempt, and issued an oider for his arre&t; and
because he could not be found, not being a citizen ot lexas,
but a resident and citizen of Louisiana, an order was issued
to sequestrate all his property. The committee deem the
proceedings for a contempt to have been jrregulai, unjust,
and illegal, and, taken m connection with the previous pro-
ceedings and rendition of the decree, oppressive and tyran-
nUi?In the case of Cavazos et al. vs. Stillman et ah,, the
record affords sufficient evidence to satisfy ^committee
that there was collusion between the solicitors fortlie c^
b/the attorneys of Oavnzos without the knowleujc or coil-
luded to a conversation between himself and oii„ ott he de-
fendants' solicitors, who m concerned m the collusion,
when he remaiked that the defendants were satisfied with
the decree. The defendant Mussina commenced a suit at
Galveston, a"ainst the other defendants and solicitors m
the wuae,onthe 15th of March, 1830, for such eotispftacy ;
" '•The cause at Galveston was commenced by one. Cavazos
et al. vs. tftillnian ct al.. January 12, 1849, !oi partition ,
amoii" the complainants, ofa large tract of land situated uprm l
Hiiiun, ti'i. >- i  -f  .   ,o tr>\vr  '
ants weii citizen* of "the Republic of Mexico, awl that the
 ttfotcirvt I wn^a\e
They*wouId further state, that there' is evidence to satisfy
S of SI
ordered that the names ot such panics sJiouid be struck (j con&pirac), t suit, and that he al-
out of the compl|iint and insetted as defendants, upon tne
agreement ot an attorney to appear lor tnem, and place
upon the recoid 111 the cause, by answer or otherwise, such
averments as would recognize the jurisdiction of the court,
bv acknowledging themselves citizens of the State of iex-
as, although it was well known that they were citizens of
Mexico, and not of the State of Texas, and. although no
* ' _ . . _ _ -f —.1 n.,„ Ot tliom
111 cid Uteri
finally passed upon in the deciee in this
ouiim u ui."^'7"'tiieir rights were ILbetore the rendition of the decree in the chancery cause,
ggSEaSS£s±R l^.aTOt««saw«!:
