1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1161
made. I ask how far population has gone west
of Port Laramie, already?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Population has
gone to Utah, which is west of Port Laramie.
Foit Laramie is about the dividing point between
the States of Iowa and Missouri and the settle-
ments of Utah.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. I suppose it is in order
to perfect the original proposition proposed to be
stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. FAULKNER. I more to amend by re-
ducing the amount in the original proposition
to $400,000, and adding the following proviso:
Provided, however, That no portion of the money hereby
appropriated shall be applied to the construction of perma-
nent barracks and quarters, until plans with full specifica-
tions and detailed estimates, shall be submitted to Congress,
and the same shall be approved by a special appropriation
for the same.
I indicated yesterday, Mr. Chairman, that it
was the purpose of the Committee on Military
Affairs to move to reduce the appropriation
f30,000. The amendment of the Committee of
ays and Means, would seem, from its charac-
ter, to introduce something of specifications and
certainty in the appropriations. But it does not
do so, in fact. For example, it makes an appro-
priation to provide barracks and quarters at the
different military posts that are, or may be, estab-
lished, in California, Oregon, and Washington
Territory, and the other States and Territories.
This is almost as vague and indefinite, and leaves
as little to the discretion and judgment of the body,
as the original proposition contained in the bill
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
I am satisfied, therefore, that the true interests of
the public service will be promoted by retaining
the section, originally reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means, reducing the appropriation
J.300,000, and adopting the proviso which I have
submitted, and which forbids the Secretary of
War from applyinga single dollar of it to perma-
nent barracks and quarters until there shall be
submitted to Congress detailed estimates on which
we may hereafter act advisedly.
Now, sir, it will be recollected by the House
that, on the 11th of January, I called on the Scc-
letary of War to furnish a statement of the ex-
penditures for barracks and quarters during the
last ten years. I succeeded, this morning,in ob-
taining at the printing office, some of the sheets
of that document, which is not yet printed entire.
From this,it appears that there has beenexpend-
ed# within the last ten years, for barracks and
quarters, $4,146,168 18. This, sir, would seem
to be a most unnecessary sum. The Quarter-
master General, in replying to the interrogatories
which I proposed to him,ps to the expediency of
arresting this cause of expenditure, expresses a
most decided opinion against the system of per-
manent barracks upon our shifting frontiers. The
posts arc, in their-nature, temporary; they are
soon abandoned, and the money invested in their
improvement is lost. «He thinks, under such cir-
cumstances, the appropriate barracks are huts
erected by the soldiers themselves. This used to !
be the old system, before the luxury of modern
extravagance was introduced, before assistant
quartermasters felt at liberty to indulge their taste
in the erection of costly quarters, without any re-
gard to the appropriations of Congress, and before
a redundant Treasury taxed the wits of officials
to squander the public money. It marie, also,
better soldiers, more hardy, more subordinate,
better satisfied troops. It is time to think of re-
turning to the old system, and of dispensing with ;
the army of civil employes which the quartermas-
ter's department has now under itscontrol.
Now, it is manifest that if we adopt the prop-
osition submitted by the Ccmimittee of Ways j
and Means, and appropriate, say so much in the j
general for Utah, so much for California, &c., we
will leave the department very little restrained in
its practice of going on with the present system
of permanent barracks. It is shown by this doc-
ument, to what I have called your attention, that
the expenditures for the last ten years for this
object have reached over four million dollars;
and the Quartermaster also tells you that that was,
in some respects, and in many of its items, an in-
judicious expenditure, and should not have been
made. My opinion, therefore, is that if you will
retain the section as it originally came from the
Committee of Ways and Means, and will cut
down the appropriation |300,000, and will then
add the proviso forbidding the Secretary of War
from expending a dollar in erecting there perma-
nent quarters and barracks, until estimates and
details are submitted to Congress for its approval,
you accomplish every object of military policy,
and, at the same time, guard the Treasury from
that excess of expenditure which has marked this
branch of the public service.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Virginia proposes tg. reduce the appropria-
tion down to |20,000, the appropriation embra-
cing the military stations within the department
of the West. 1 have in my hand an estimate,
prepared at the Quartermaster General's office,
for repairs and erection of .new buildings in the
department of the West, including the Platte dis-
trict; that estimate is for $77,000; and there is an
intimation that more may be required, if it should
be determined to erect temporary store-houses at
Camp Walback, and the posts upon the great
trail leading from the States of Iowa and Missouri
to California and Oregon, through the Territory
of Utah. A stable is required at the post in Min-
nesota. An appropriation is required for the re-
pair of quarters which have been injured by fire.
Does the gentleman expect that the Army is to
spend the winter in that rigorous climate with no
shelter but the covering of their tents? Does he
suppose that these expenditures are entirely for
the comfort and convenience o# the officers? I
say that it is cheaper for you to properly house
and take care of your soldiers, when they are
stationed at these distant posts, than it is to jeop-
ard their health and lives by exposure to the cold.
At your military posts you require store-houses,
in which your quartermaster's supplies and your
commissary's stores shall be kept sheltered. At
each one of your military posts you need a suita-
ble building as an hospital for the sick. At Fort
Leavenworth additional repairs are required. In
the district of the Platte, at Fort Laramie, Fort
Kearny, and Camp Walback, it is estimated that
the sum of $36,900 will be requiied.
I do not see the propriety of the reduction pro-
posed by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Smith.] The Committee of Ways and Means
have endeavored to fix the responsibility upon
the officers of the department. The gentleman's
colleague [Mr. Faulkner] remarked, that the
expenditures in the preceding year exceeded the
estimates which were submitted by this paiticu-
lar department. That is literally true; and yet it
is not true in fact. The law did not appropriate
any specific amount to bo used in any military
department; and the commandants of ceitain de-
partments exceeded the amount estimated in the
Quartermaster General's office to be Expended
there, though there was no excess of the appro-
priation for the construction of barracks and
quarters.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 know that the
Quartermaster General is of opinion that tempo-
iary huts should be erected at our frontier posts.
That is the true policy in regard to those posts
that must necessarily be temporary in their na-
ture; but there are some military, posts which
become the distributing depots.and, where ltbc-
comes necessary to provide for all the munitions
of war. I ask whether ita^ not cheaper for the
Government, if it can safely withdraw a portion
of the mounted troops from the distant posts to
the nearest settlements, wh«re provisions can be
easily got, to do so ?
I submit to any gentleman acquainted with the
operations of the Army,whether, although during
the summer season it has been found necessary
to station a portion of mounted troops at Fort
Laramie, it would not be better, as the winter
season comes on, to bring them in to Fort Kear-
ny and other forts, where supplies of forage and
grain can be procured cheap, and where the heavy
cost of the transportation of supplies is avoided.
I know that in the country now lying_ between
the Territories of New Mexico and Utah it is
contemplated to erect temporary buildings instead
of permanent ones. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia shall prevail, the whole
p00,000 may be expended in any one military
department of this Government. If tlip amend-
ment submitted by the Committee of Ways and
Means shall be adopted, no more money can be
expended during the next fiscal year in any one
military department for barracks and quarters',
than the amount specified in thatamendMentadd
assigned for that military department. It is a step
towards reform to endeavor to restrict these ex-
penditures within the different military depart-
ments.
If youare to retain a military force forajiylength
of time in the Territory of Utah, considerable ex-
penditures will be required there. A larger amount
is estimated to be expended in the military depart-
ment of Utah than in any other military depart-
ment of the Government; because na buildings
have been erected at the posts' already established
in the Territory of Utah; and, if your army is to
be retained there, the Quartet master General says
that, in his opinion, $180,000 will be necessary
in that department; but the Committee of Ways
and Means have reduced it to $150(000. For these
reasons I hope the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia will not be adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
the amendment of my colleague, by striking out
" four hundred "and inserting three hundred."
I am gratified that the proposition of my col-
league has been submitted.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If' the gentleman
will wait a moment, he will see that I am in order.
1 believe in the principle of the amendment; but
I think the amount is too large.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman's amendment
is in the third degree. The gentleman from Mis-
souri submits an amendment. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] moves to amend
that; and this is an amendment to an amendment
to an amendment.-
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] on
the right of the Chair, offered an amendment to
the paragraph proposed to be stricken out by the
chairman ot the Committee of Ways and Means,
and the gentleman from Virginia in front of the
Chair, [Mr. Smith,] offers an amendment to that
amendment. The Chair holds that that amend-
ment is but an amendment to an amendment, and
that it is in order.
JVlr. SMITH, of Virginia. I was stating, when
I was interrupted, that 1 approved of the princi-
ple of my colleague's amendment. Itisevidently
right and pioper, but still the amount is larger
than I think necessary.
Mr. Chairman, you have a curious exhibition
here'to-day. The chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs—which isimmediately and direct-
ly interested m this bill—is trying to economize,
and the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means is trying to prevent it. That is precisely
the extraordinary issue that is presented here. The
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
having the immediate supervision of the bill, and
acting, as 1 conceive, upon Ins official responsibil-
ity, says that $400,000 is enough, but the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means says
§505,000 is the minimum. Now, thatis rather ex-
traordinary, and 1 trust this committee will adopt
the policy of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, especially as it involves a dimi-
nution. Still I think the amount is too large.
The gentleman from Missouri says that his bill
introduces specifics. That is one of my objections
to it So far as Missouri, Arkansas, Minnesota,
and Kansas are concerned, because it assumes,
without any proof of the fact, that §7U,000 is
needed. Wheie is the evidence of the fact that
that amount is needed ? We haye speculations
upon the subject, to be sure, but where is the evi-
dence of that necessity. Those speculations are
well founded, of course, if we are to build mag-
nificent palaces for the officers. The gentleman
talks about the cold climate of the north. Let
your troops do as the Indians do, and as the wild
geese do, travel south tuitil the frosts are over.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then you will
have-to pay the cost of transportation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let them transport
themselves, especially the cavalry. Certainly they
can do it. Besides that, will they not have to be
transported to the posts where these buildings are
to be erected? I say let the men wait on them-
selves. Let them live in tents, or, if they are not
satisfied with that, let them put tip log-huts, and
not have palatial residences put up for them. Let
them cut down trees and erett fog-houses, or eUo
