1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
live in tents as their ancestors did. Where is the
necessity for these permanent establishments and
enormous expenditures ? I say enormous because
the amount of $500,000 annually for these im-
provements is wholly and absolutely out of the
question. I am reconciled, however, to the prop-
osition of the gentleman who presides over the
Military Committee of'this House, because it
provides that the plans for these improvements,
Wore they are undertaken, shall be submitted to,
and approved by, those who will vigilantly watch
the expenditure, involved. That is the controlling
principle which makes me hope that the amend-
ment of my colleague will be adopted.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee here informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Dickins,
its Secretary, notifying the House that the Sen-
ate agree to the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various tribes of Indians, for the
year ending June 30,1860; that the Senate insist
on their amendments to said bill disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, and ask a commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses relative to said bill; and that the
Senate have appointed Mr. Pearce, Mr. Sebas-
tian, and Mr. Bell managers on the part of the
Senate of said conference.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri, by unanimous con-
Bent, moved that the House insist on its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
ARMY BILL AGAIN.
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. CURTIS. It is true, as the gentleman
Virginia [Mr. Smith] says, that we have, on this
occasion, a conflict between the two committees.
That has been "apparent to the committee ever
since this bill has been before it; but it is not the
fact, as the gentleman says, that the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs is trying to re-
duce the expenditures, while the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means is trying to pre-
vent it. The chairman of the Commitiee of Ways
and Means proposes to reduco tlie amount by
$195,000, and the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs proposes to reduce it $300,000.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has proposed to item ize
the bill; and in that he has suggested a very val-
uable improvement in the bill; because it is ne-
cessary that the expenditures should be made in
the different departments.
I do not agree with the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Smith,] that the troops at the north
should be taken south in the winter season, and
should carry their own baggage. I presume it
•would be somewhat difficult for the infantry to
carry their tents and camp equipments upon their
own shoulders, to the sunny South. The gentle-
man proposes that they shall go south, like the
wild geese, in the winter season, and I presume
they would have to go north in the summer sea-
son. We should have Old Point Comfort coming
north, bag and baggage, and the other posts in
the old Dominion moving to the north west.* And
then we will have an artillery school in Iowa,
instead of where it is now, in Virginia. How
ridiculous is this idea of a migratory army ! The
transportation of the Army would then be enorm-
ous. It seems to me, sir, that the Army ought
to be more permanently located than it is; and
it, is for that reason that we will have to have a
reorganization of the Army and a reorganization
of the posts, and to establish them where they
should be, and where they will be of the most ad-
vantage. As a member of the Committee on
Military Affairs, I am bound to support the chair-
man of that committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask
whether the Indians do not migrate south as the
winter approaches, and whether there is not al-
ways around every post enoagh means for the
transportation of all that is necessary for the use
of the Army ? Of course, we ought not to pay
for the transportation of wines, and all the indul-
gences and luxuries of the Army.
Mr. CURTIS. Some of the Indians migrate
south; hut in the northwest, there are the Sioux
Indians, who do not migrate there—the very In-
dians who have committed depredations in the
State of Iowa. That State is constantly annoyed
by them at this time; because the troops which
were there for the protection of that frontier have
been ordered to the south. I do not believe in
this policy of sending troops north and then south.
I think the troops are supported much cheaper in
the north than they are in the south, even during
the winter; and the troops ought to be in the north
during the winter; because, when they are re-
moved to the south, the Indians, who are then in
a starving condition,come down upon the settle-
ments, committing great depredations. It is time
that there should be a stationary military force
there. You want military posts there. They are,
doubtless, necessary there, as well in summer as
in winter. As a general thing, I am opposed to
permanent barracks in the interior of the coun-
try; but there are exceptions, and in some places
you must have them. For the extravagance of
appropriations, against which there has been so
much talk, I hold, this Administration accounta-
ble.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to increase the appro-
priation $100,000. Mr. Chairman, I doubt not
that the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs and the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means are as well advised of the
interests of the Army as they can be; and it is
with no expectation of throwing any'light on the
subject, that I now rise, as others have done, to
participate in this discussion. It is to be pre-
sumed that the object thatgentlemen have had in
view is to give the House some intelligible in-
formation upon which it can act with reference
to a matter of so great importance as furnishing a
temporary protection for the Army of the United
States, while in the service of ihe country. It is
gravely suggested, by the distinguished gentle-
man from Virginia, that, in order to save the ex-
penditures of building temporary barracks, the
Army should be made migratory in its character—
that it should migrate from the north to the south
in winter, and from the south to the north in the
summer. The blazing summer's sun on the prai-
ries of the south produces sickness, disease, and
death, just as much as the frost and snows of
winter in the north. The same character of ap-
propriation is alike necessary for the animals, as
well as for soldieis, in every portion of the coun-
try. The gentleman from Virginia objected to the
appropriation now made on the ground that the
officers have rich wines and other luxuries, which
they require to be transported. Does not the
gentleman know that this appropriation covers
no luxuries for officers; no wines, or anything
that can b'e tortured into luxuries? • Why, then,
should he make such an argument before grave
and intelligent men, who are legislating upon a
subject of the greatest importance ? This is for
the protection of those men who suffer more in
the public service than any other class m this
Government. It is for the soldiers in the Army.
It is f< r the protection of the animals from starv-
ation, and from disease and death.
It seems to me that there is another feature in
this matter, which ought to have some consider-
ation from the House, aside from the consider-
ation of the health and 4fe of the soldiers, and the
interests of the public service. This Govern-
ment has a great future before it. It has immense
territories yet to be settled—territories now occu-
pied by Indians, of more or less hostility, which
have to be overawed by the power of the Gov-
ernment. They appreciate no other course. The
settlements of the country are certainly extend-
ing all along our frontier; and they certainly
enter into the consideration of the necessities of
our defenses. No man who has been on the fron-
tier, (and I doubt not that the gentleman has,)
but will have seen that some character of protec-
tion is essential to the health and life, not only of
the soldier, but the officers of the Army. That
protection, under these appropriations, has usu-
ally been of the cheapest character. Log cabins
have been erected for officers as well as soldiers;
and stables have also been made of the cheapest
material, for the protection of the animals, and the
grain which is designed for those engaged in the
military services of the country. Hospitals have
iftfen built of the cheapest materials. Now, sir,
all these are indispensable to the efficiency of the
service. I am not urging the question of the ex-
penditures. I am willing to take the amount pro-
posed by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. I doubt not that he correctly under-
stands the subject. I perceive that he reduces the
estimates of the War Department $195,000. That
goes, I think, as far as it will be safe for us to
go at the present time. But when gentlemen talk
of retrenchment, they ought to talk intelligently
upon the subject. When they wish to econ.-'
omize, they ought to satisfy themselves and the
House that they have some conception of the
nature and character of the items which it is pro-
posed to reduce."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, STANTON. I desire to call the attention
of the committee especially to the proviso pro-
posed as part of the amendment of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs. It proposes
not merely a reduction in the expenditures of the
current year, but also an exceedingly valuable
permanent reformation. It inaugurates a new-
system. Under the existing order of things, as I
understand it, every commander of a post goes to
work and erects permanent barracks without any
limitation as to the amount expended. This is a
discretion for which he is in no way responsible;
and if any abuse be committed in practice, he has
never been called to account for it.
The amendment proposed by the Committee on
Military Affairs directs that no new barracks
shall be erected until there is a detailed plan and
estimate for their construction, and an appropri-
ation made by Congress for the purpose. This
is not one of those temporary reforms that will
operate only for the present, and that we would
have to appropriate for afterwards in a deficiency
bill. It goes to the permanent legislation of the
country, and cuts up a tremendous source of
abuse m all future time. I*am not so certain that
the chairman of the Committee on Militaiy Af-
fairs has gone far enough in reducing the amount
of this item, when coupled with the limitations
to the expenditure proposed in the amendment.
I am by no means certain that there is a neces-
sity for expending $400,000 merely for repairs.
But perhaps it may be well enough to trust the
department that they will not steal it, and that,
if a balance be left, they will report that balance.
The proviso in the amendment is the essential
thing; and I hope the committee will take good
care that it shall not be overslaughed,either here
or in the House.
The question was taken on Mr. Reagan's
amendment to the amendment; and it was npt
agreed to.
Mr. MARSflALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the amendment, by adding the following
proviso:
Provided further, That any officer of the Army who, as
a disbursing agent, shall heieattei undcitake to engage the
public credit in advance of the appiopnatioas made by Con-
gress, «hall, on conviction beioie a court-martial, be dis-
missed from the service, unless lie shall exhibit as his just-
ification an order m writing, to make such disbursement,
from Ins superior officer, approved by the President of the
United States.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The amendment proposes to in-
graft on an appropriation bill what is a matter of
general legislation.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It is no
more a matter of general legislation than the other
proviso in the amendment, which provides that
no permanent barracks shall be erected without
detailed estimates.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairrulestheamend-
rnent out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to appeal to
the gentleman from Missouri to withdraw his
point of order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have no objec-
tion to that proviso being incorporated in the bill;
and I do not insist on my point of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope the
amendment will be agreed to. It affords the only
remedy that we can apply. It leaves it to the
President of the United Slates, on his responsi-
bility, to engage the public credit; but says to
the subordinate officer of the Army, that if he
attempts fo disburse money beyond the sum ap-
propriated by Congress, he will, on conviction,
lose his commission. Whenever you apply a
remedy so stringent as that, yO'u will effect a rs-
