82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 14,
undivided portion of their distributive shares of the tract of
land mentioned in the bill, but these conveyances were not
to be considered as delivered, so as to vest any interest or
legal fee in us, until the termination of the suits before
stated; and they were not, in any event, to inure to our
benefit, so as to entitle us or to give us an interest in the
land, including the town sites before stated. The convey-
ances wgre intended as a security for our protection, and
to give us a lien or power to enforce the agreement before
mentioned, and were so stipulated form the original agree-
ment itself.
" in answer to tiie second cross-interrogatory, I refer to
my former answer, and distinctly say, that I shall not re-
ceive, in consequence of the agreement referred to, any
greater compensation, in the event the complainants re-
cover, than if the defendants prevail, except in so far as
ruy partner and myself will then have done a part of what
we undertook to do, and will consequently have less labor
before us ; whether we shall make anything in addition to
the amount already paid us by our clients, will depend en-
tirely upon the successful issue of the other suits to be
commenced, as well as of this, and the further sale of the
land so recovered.
" In answer to the third cross-interrogatory, I refer to
my foregoing answers. As to the land, includmgthe town
site of Brownsville, I have already said that I am not, by
any agreement, to have any portion of said land, in any
event, nor any interest m such laud, but only a portion of
the proceeds of sale, should the same be finally recovered
and sold.'-*
William G. Hale's deposition, read in support of the title
of the complainants, (p. 135,) and he was leceived as a
general witness throughout the progress of the cause.
(See pp.65, 71,88,89, 90,110, 111, 117, 140,145, 146, 147,
148, 149, 150, 151.)
See also his affidavits in law case 134—the same title
being in issue, and same counsel, (pp. 635, 655, 656, 657,
659 ;) also, contempt case, (p. 337.)
The principal part of the documentary evidence of the
complainants consisted in what purported to be transla-
tions from the Spanish. These translations were made by
William G. Hale, Esq., and not sworn to, as shown m the
objections and exceptions of the defendants, which were
dferruled, (pp. 109, 110, 153.) Translations were in some
respects false, (p. 660.)
See exceptions of Jacob Mussina, (pp. 95. 108, 109, 114;)
overruled, (pp. 215, 218.) See, also, p. 317.
The court permitted Robert II. ilord, counsel for defend-
ants and witness coveitly interested, to testify at the hear-
ing of said cause, and sustained Ins refusal to answer the
following proper and legal question, intended to show that
he had a collusive interest adverse to Jacob Mussina:
"The solicitors of JacobMussnia put the following ques-
tion to Mr. Hord :
"1 Have you, or have you not, any understanding or
agreement with the complainants, or either of them, or their
agent or solicitor, m relation to the deteimmation or settle-
ment of this causc, or of any of the matters involved there-
in, adverse to any interest or ii^lit claimed by Jacob Mus-
sina, in any property or lights involved m this suit? Aie
you or not interested in any such understanding or agiec-
inent ?'
"Which question Mr. Hord declined to answer; and
thereupon the court decided that the question need not be
answered.
"And thereupon the said Robert II. Hord, being sworn
in chief by the court, deposed and said as follows."
Hord's testimony taken by leave of the court m support
of the title of complainants,"(p. 137.) objected to on account
of the interest of said Ilord, (p. 137.)
Affidavit: R. II. Ilord, solicitor for defendants, in sup-
poit of the testimony of William G. Hale, solicitor for the
complainants, (p. 119.)
The decree (p. 119) covers a much laiger tract of land
than the giant relied upon in evidence,and adopts different
mid more extended boiindancs than those described m the
grant and included in the testimony explaining the surveys
made by the holders of the giant, (pp. 160, 163, 171, 156.)
Judge Watrous caused it to bo understood, by declara-
tion given out by himself publicly, that he would not hold
a January term at Galveston. (See repoir, p. 2; see
depositions, M. M. Potter, D. O. Atchison, F. H. Mern-
man, B. C. Fianklm, and John S. Jones, pp. 180,181, 183,
185,187, 190, and 195; interrogatories, 11, 14, and 16, and
answers thereto.)
Transcript, chancery docket, January term, 1852, show-
ing that there was no othei chancery business done at said
term, (p. 125.)
November 1,1851, Jacob Mussina instituted a suit in the
court of his domicile—New Orleans—against William Ail-
ing, Charles SUihnan, Samuel A. Belden, Elisha Basse, and
Robert II. fiord, among other things for a conspiracy m
the Oavazosc.iutie to defraud and cheat, under color of legal
proceedings, the said Jacob Mussina out of his interest m
the property at Brownsville. For a full transcript of ail
the proceedings and testimony in that ^uit, see pages418 to
882 inclusive This suit resulted in the following veidict,
rendered May 21, 1853, and which verdict was aviitual
finding of guilty as charged, except as to Stillman, on whom
service was not had.
Jury.— P. A. Giraud, John E. Currin, A. David, J. Calder,
J. A. Lum, Robert Ilendeison, S. L. frowler, Dennis Ful-
vey, W. IC. Day, S. E. Mooie, Amilcar Roux, A. Durand.
Verdict and Judgment, 2ls£ May, 1853.
Jacob Mussina. )
vs. S 4,726.
Willi am Alling ef al. )
This cause, continued from yesterday, came on again to-
day.
Roseliusand Wolfe & Singleton, Esqs., for plaintiff, Bon-
ford & Finney and H. D. Ogden, Esqs., for defendants.
When the jury sworn in, having come into court, were
called, and alter receiving a written charge from the court,
the jury retired to deliberate on the verdict; and after de-
liberation they returned intocourtand delivered the follow-
ing verdict, to wit:
" We, the jurv, find that the defendants shall convey unto
Jacob Mussina," the plaintiff, by good and sufficient title, all
the rights of property acquired by Basse and Hoid, under the
transfer of convcyance of the 14th December, 1849. and
31st January, 1850, within ninety days from the date hereof,
and that Elisha Basse, It. H. Hord, S.,A. Belden, and W.
Ailing pay to the plaintiff the s'um of ,$25,000 damages.
" Wo, the jury, further find, that S. A. Belden aud W.
Ailing convey to J. Mussina thepropeity purchased by them
from Basse and Hord, on the 5th Januaiy 1851; and on the
said defendants complying with the above, the said plain-
tiff shall retund the said amounts advanced by the defend-
ants for the purchase ot the property; and in default of the
defendants making the above conveyances within ninety
days, we, the jury, find a verdict in favor of the plaintiff,
J. Mussina, for the sum of $214,0J0, in lieu of the title to
the property. S. L. FOWLER, Foreman.
" New Orleans, May 21,1853."
Judgment was afterwards rendered upon this verdict in
accordance with its terms. The defendants appealed to
the supreme court. The judgment was set aside by the
supreme court foi wat t of jurisdiction in the court below.
The proofs that Judge Watroushad knowledge of the con-
spiracy between the solicitors for the complainants, and
pait of the solicitors for defendants, also part of the defend-
ants, to defrdud Jacob Mussina,are as follows: Jacob
Mussina commenced suit against the conspirators, Ilord and
others, in the United States cuurt, at Galveston, March,
1850, (p. 475;) thu admission of Hale, solicitor for the com-
plainants, of his interest in the subject-matter of the suit,
(p. 133 ;) the question to Hord us to his complication in the
conspiracy, and his refusal to answer sustained by Judge
Watrous, March, 1851, (p. 136;) the rcceptiou of the testi-
mony of Hale and Hoid, and his declaration that he had
seen tln> pames, and that they were satisfied, (pp. 183, 185,
192 )
Motion for a rule on Jacob Mussina to answer for a con-
tempt of court, January 4,1854, (p. 2.%;) served upon Jacob
Mussina, at New Oilcans, January 18, to appear Febiuary 1.
The service was less than twenty da>s be tore the next lule
day—1st Febiuary—and onto! the State of Texas. Jacob 1
Mussina, by counsel, Januaiy 31, peiitiom-d the couit lbi
further tune to answer, under the mle allowing time until
the next rule day, Match 1, in cases wheie the service was
less tnan twenty days, (p. —.) This petition was ovei ruled ;
but the lule to show cuu^e, &e., was extended until Peb-
ruaiy 18, (p.258 ) 'On the 15th February, he filed excep- :
tious to the jurisdiction of the court, as lollows, (p. 259 :) j
" District Court of the United States, ?
u District of Texas, at Galveston. >
" Between Raphael Garcia Cavazos et al., complain-
ants, and Charles Stillman et al., defendants. In chan-
cery, No. 41.
" And now conies Jacob Mussina by his solicitor, and ap-
pealing for the purposes herein set fotth, respectfully sub-
mits to this honoiable court .whether he ought, or i  bound
to appear and answer the lule to show cause why a per-
emptory attachment should not issue against him, &.c.—1.
Because no copy of the motion and exhibits, upon which
said rule^vas granted, was ever served on htm. 2. Because
the said Jacob Mussina was, at the tune of the filing of the
original bill of complainants, and is now, a citizen of the
State of Louisiana, ami not within the jurisdiction of this
honoiable couit. 3. That this couit has no power to issue
piocess, to be served upon parties who are, and always have
been, bejond us juiisdiction ; aud lor other causes, &tc.;
and he refeiv t*> the various papers in thu cause m suppoit
heieof, &c. JACOB MUSSINA.
"By his Solicitor, DANL. 1). ATClitNSON."
Jacob Mussina, to piotect his property in Texas, liled his
answei, <md pinged himself of the alleged contempt. The
following is the iirst part of his answer, (p 259 •)
v' Tin.-, i e.-pondent, Jacob Mussina protesting that he ought
not to be called upon to answer said luie, because he has
not been seivcd with the motion, with the exhibits te-
fened to therein, upon which the same was gianted, and
that the said motion, exhibits, and lule are wholly insuffi-
cient m law, without waivmgany benefit that may oi might
be taken by exception to the manifest enor and impeitee-
tions thereof, for answer unto said mle, says, that he has
never, knowingly or intentionall), treated with disrespect
the laws, or any of the tribunals oi the United States ; and
that uhas always been Ins wish and purpose to fhow a be-
coming respect to the laws, and to all the tribunals of the
United States; and that he has never intended to violate,
or attempted to vm..,te, the injunction of this honorable
couit.
"And being satisfied that there can be no contempt when
none was Intended, and not hems awaie that theie has been
any disobedience to the injunction, he denies that he basin
any way been guilty of any contempt to, or disobedience of,
said injunction since the same was served on him, about
May, 1852.,>
lie also insists that he was not prosecuting the suit at
New Orleans when the lule was served upon huri, but was
defending, as appellee, in the supreme court. He insists that,
having been made the victim of a conspiracy in the suit at
Galvesion, as is evidenced by the verdict of a juiv,and the
judgment of acourt theioupon, which verdict and judgment
he made a part of his answer, it was not competent foi the
United States court in Texas to prohibit him lroiu prosecu-
ting the conspirators in the courts of the State of his resi-
dence. Particular attention to the whole ot the answer and
exhibits is requested by the committee.
Fehtuaiy 24, 1854.—Court decided that Jacob Mussina
was guilty of a contempt, as charged, (p. 337.)
February 25, 1854.—Attachment issued, (p. 338.)
Marshal's Return.
Received February 25,1854; and having made diligent
inquiry, I find that Jacob Mussina is, and has been, for
many years past, a resident of the city of New Orleans,
State of Louisiana, and is not at present, nor has been,
within my district. I therefore return this writ not execu-
ted, he being not found in my district.
benjamin mcculloch.
United States Marshal.
By e. t. 4ustin, Depviy.
Galveston, February 27, 1854, (p. 339.)
Motion for sequestration against Jacob Mussina, filed Feb-
ruary 28, 1854.
And afterwards, to wit, on the 16th day of March, of the
same year, the court here made an order, which is in the
words and ot the tenor following, to wit:
" Order,
"Maria Josepa Cavazos and another)
" Charles Stillman and others.
" The motion of the complainants jn the above-entitled
cause for a wut of sequestration against Jacob Mussina,
one of the defendants, filed on* the 28th day of February,
1854, having been heard at a former day of this term, and
the couit. having then taken time to consider the same, and
being now fully advised, and it appearing to the court that
the writ of attachment heretofore issued has been returned
not found, it is nowmdered by the court that a commis-
sion or writ of sequestration, in due form, at once i&.sue to
Israel B. Bigelowand 13. D. Koftmau, of the county of Cam-
eron, and William G. Webb, of the county of Fayette, in this
State and district, as commissioners, empowering and di-
recting them, or any of them, to enter upon the messuages,
lands, tenements, and real estate of the said Jacob Mussina,
and collect, receive, and sequester, not only the rents and
profits of his leal estate, but also his good*, chattels, and
personal estate, and to retain and keep the same under se-
questration m their hands until the said Jacob Mussina shall
clear his contempt, and this court make other order to the
contraiy."
And afterwards, to wit, on the 23d day of March, of the
same yeai, a writ of sequestration was issued from the
clerk's office of our said court.
It appears that Spencei settled upon what he supposed
to be public domain of Texas, November25, 1847, (p. 350.)
Suit was commenced against him at Galveston by Laps-
i ley, January, 1851, (p. 347;) afteiwards it seems to have
i been removed to Austin, (p. 352,) and remained pending
| in the di^tnctcourtofTexas until Novembei7l854, (p. 352.)
! Transferred by order of tiij couit to the United States
: circuit court, eastern district of Louisiana, on account of
the interest of the judge in the land in controversy, (p. 352.)
Spencer would have pleaded the interest of the judge as
matter in abatement, but did not know of such interest
when he filed his answer, (pp. 355, 356.)
Numerous other land suits were transfeired to the United
States circuit court m Louisiana tor the same cause, (p.
380.)
The deed of Williams and Menard, trustees of Sophia !st.
John, for the land in controversy, to Thomas M. League,
bears date July 1,1850, (p. 393.)
League to Lapsley, same day, (p. 398;) see the answer
and affidavit of Spencer, (p. 355.)
By tracing the title set up to the land in question by Laps-
ley, (as shown upon pp 393,394,395,396, 397,398,399,) we
conclude that the interest of Judge Watrous, refeired to in
the order, was acquired in 1850.
The title claimed by Lapsley in the land in controversy
originated in three eleven-league grants, made by the Mexi-
can States ofCoahmla aud Texas, to three persons in seve-
lalty. (See p. 388 et seq., and p. 401 et seq.)
By the record of the verdict and judgment in the case of
Ufiord rs. Dykes el al., (p. 406;) aud the bill of exceptions,
(p. 410;) and the testimony of Williams, (pp 407,408, 409,
410, 411, 412, 413;) and the opinion of the court, (p. J14,) it
appeared that Judge Watrous tiied certain cases, and pro-
nounced judgment therein, involving a claim to land de-
pending upon the same title as the land included in the suits
transferred to the United States couit, m Lou&iana, on ac-
count of his interest, after the change of venue in the
Spencer case.
APPENDIX No. 2.
The following passages of testimony of Judge
Watrous's witnesses are taken as examples, to
show the effect of their having their recollections
refreshed by the judge on their examination by
1: the committee:
; I Testimony of J. fV. Lapsley.
j; " Question, (by Mi. Evans.) Since you gave your testi-
j, mony on the first day of jour examination, have you not
'; had frequent conversations, on the subject oi} our testimony,
j ■ with Judge Watrous and bin counsel, Judge Hughes ?
j: " Answer. Ihavchadiepeatodconveisationswiththo.se
!; gentlemen in relation to the subjects about which I have
j been testifying.
1: Question. Were not some of the explanations, qualifi-
;' cations, and alterations m your testimony made at the sug-
j, gestion of Judge Watrous or Judge Hughes, or suggested by
' - one or both of ihem ?
i; •« Answer. I will state this : that in my testimony the first
I daj I was examined about a number of matters which ap-
1 pe.ued to me to be immaterial, and I spoke without very
; much reflection, when the testimony came to be read over, I
! found I liad not been as definite as I desned to be when I
1 asceitained that some portions of my testimony might be
i regarded as mateual. On conversing with Judge Hughes
| and Judge Watrous, after my testimony was taken down,
! and on my attention being called to one or two matters as
j to which it was desired that I should be more definite, I
reflected on the subject, and I came to the conclusion that
it was proper that I should speak more definitely. It was
desired that 1 should be as definite as my recollection would
enable me to be. The matter 1 now refer to, particularly,
is in regard to what transpired at Selma at the time of the
contrac t; but the larger portion of the corrections were made
