1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1105
•which broke out last fall in the Territory of ?few
Mexico, has been brought to a termination. I
understand that it is in contemplation to move a
portion of the army now in Utah to the southern
portion of the Territory of New Mexico. Even,
however, if it be necessary to call out these two
regiments, $200,000 will not pay half the ex-
pense. There is their monthly pay, and the cost
of their transportation, and the transportation of
tlieir subsistence. You must furnish them with
provisions, clothing, and all the supplies of war;
and, if it be proposed to make the appropriation
asked for by the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia, there is no reason why the amount
should stop short of $800,000 or $1,000,000.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 believe that
the two regiments raised by Georgia to repel In-
dian hostilities cost $200-,000; and I thought the
amount suggested in my amendment was fair
and reasonable, and sufficient for the purpose.
Whether that is so or not, 1 will not undertake
to say. I do not know whether it is the inten-
tion of the War Department to call these regi-
ments into service; but if so, this appropriation
will be necessary. If the regiments be not called
into service, the adoption of this amendment will
not necessitate the outlay of a single dollar.
Mr. CURTIS.' I propose to amend the amend-
ment by a proposition which, m my judgment,
would, if adopted, reduce the expenses of the
Army.
The proposed amendment was read, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That all officers of the Army,
who have attained the age of sixty-five yeais, or may here-
after attain that age, may, with the approval of the Piesi-
dent of the United States, retire from the active Aimy list,
upon the rations and other emoluments, exclusive ot pay,
which may be tlue to their rank in the service; subject,
howevei, to be recalled into the service in the time of war,
at the diacielion of the President, when they shall again
receive full pay, according to the rank held when they
tired from service.
And be it further enacted. That all officers of the Army,
(except the Uommander-in Chief and the Quartermaster
General,) who have attained the age of seventy years, and
have maintained a fair fame in the service, shall be relieved
and honorably letiredfrom the active list, subject to recall,
at the diacieuon of the President, in time of war; and,
while so retired, they shall receive, in addition to rations
and emoluments due to their rank, only half the pay due to
their rank in the service.
And be itfuitker enacted, "That a joint commission of
members of Congie«s and officers of the Army, to consist
of one Senator, to be named by the Vice President, two
Representatives, to he named by the Speaker of the House,
and six officers of the Army, to be selected by the President,
as follows: one officer to be taken fiom one of the staff
corps, one from the artillery arm, one from the infantry arm,
one from the dragoon aim, one from the cavahy arm, and
one from the mounted rifle regiment, shall be assembled as
soon as practicable after the adjournment of Congress, for
the purpose of levising the existing militia and volunteer
laws of the States, und for the revision of the Army laws,
organization, and regulations ; and it shall be the duty of
fpid commission to present to the next Congress their re-
port, with such sugge>tsons for further legislation of Con-
gress as they may deem necessary for the better organiza-
tion, efficiency, and discipline of the said military foices.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The amendment is not germane
to the bill It proposes a retired list.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I wish to say that at the
proper time I will propose that reform.
Mr. FAULKNER. I propose to amend-the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia, by
reducing the amount $100,000. The gentleman
from Georgia has truly said that, during the last
session of Congress, we" authorized the creation
of four regiments of volunteers; but, it will be
remembered that, subsequently, we received a
communication from the President, informing us
that the volunteers were not needed,and that the
appropriation for their support might well be dis-
pensed with. Early in the session, m view of the
recommendation of the President m reference to
the establishment of military posts in Sonora and
Chihuahua, a communication was addressed by
me, on behalf of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, to the Secretary of War, to know whether,
in the event that Congress should decide to carry
out the President's policy, on our southwestern
frontier, any increase of the military force of the
country would be necessary? and he replied that,
in his judgment, noadditional military force would
be required.
So, again, sir, when a bill was referred to the
Commiuee on Military Affairs, during the pres-
ent session, asking us to vest in the President
power to call out one regiment of volunteers for
the defense of New Mexico, we referred to the
Department of War the inquiry, whether the-pub-
lic interests required any such addition to our
military force? The Secretary informed us that ad-
ditional force was not necessary; that all difficul-
ties, for the present, in New Mexico, had ceased,
and that it was his purpose to transfer troops to
New Mexico sufficient to quell any future dis-
turbance that might arise. With these facts be-
fore the committee, presenting a disavowal by the
Executive of the want of any such force as that
now asked for, I presume the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia will hardly receive the
sanction of the committee.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia, if he and the House under-
stand the law of last session as being a continu-
ing law, operative in all future time; and whether
the President,can call out these regiments when-
ever Indian difficulties render it necessary; or
was it not a law providing for a temporary emer-
gency, and ceasing with the exigency?
Mr. FAULKNER. There is no doubt of the
fact that the law to which the gentleman from
Ohio refers was passed with a view to an existing
temporary emergency; but, nevertheless, until
that law is repealed, the powers created by that
law exist in the President of the United States,
and are only rendered nugatory and unavailable
by the refusal of Congress to make the necessary
appropriations to carry the law into effect.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
know that I address the committee with any hope
that the appropriation will be made that is asked
for by the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia. But I desire to'say here, that in my
opinion a very serious responsibility rests some-
where, and is to be'discharged by the proper ex-
ective officers or by Congress. The President of
the United States, when he hears of disturbances
at the frontier, finds an ample excuse for not call-
ing out these troops, in the fact that, although
Congress has pass-cd a law authorizing their em-
ploy ment, it has not made an appropriation-to pay
and subsist them.
I am in favor of supplying that deficiency and
placing the responsibility where it properly be-
longs, by affording the means of executing the
law, and of defending the frontier, if, in his opin-
ion, the emergency shall arise. We are told by
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs that the Secretary of War has intimated his
intention to transfer a portion of the troops from
Utah and Washington to the southwestern' fron-
tier. 1 do not know how other gentlemen on the
committee feel, but I confess That I read with
shame and mortification the message of Pesqui-
era, the Governor of Sonora, to the Assembly .of
that State.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee here rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Asbury
Dickins, its Secretary, informing the House that
the Senate had passed, without amendment, the
bill of the House (No. 445) for the relief of Sam-
uel A. Fairchilds.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (No.
596) to authorize the enrollment, registry, and
license of certain steamboats or vessels owned by
the Buffalo and Lake Huron Company; and
A bill (No. 551) legalizing certain entries of
land on Leavenworth Island, in the State of Mis-
souri; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
ARMY BILL AGAIN.
The committee then resumed its Session.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. At the very
time that President Buchanan was proposing to
assume a protectorate over Sonora by our troops,
the Governor of Sonora was proposing to the
Assembly of that State to protect our frontier,
becouse it was left in a state of lawlessness and
disorder, and subject to the ravages of the Ap-
ache Indians. He states in his message that he
was only restrained by neutral considerations
from punishing the Apaches, who come into his
country and commit outrages, and then return to
the United States, whose denizens they are.
Now, sir,as a member of this liouse, I do not
want the Government of the United States to be-
come an object of pity and commiseration for
Mexican chieftains. I would place such a force
upon that frontier as would protect our citizens
there, and insure the respect of our neighbors.
You have, by treaty stipulations, drawn a set of.
people into your system who have never yet felt
the protecting hand of your Government. 'They
came here last session, and asked for a juSicftl,
district, and you refused jt to them. They asked'
for a branch of the surveyor general's office, and
you refused it to them. They came here this yeaf
and asked for a territorial government, and you
refused it to them, by laying .the bill reported fot
that purpose upon the table. The very last mail-
that has arrived from'that country shows that
our military force on that frontier is not able,
even, to guard its own rations; that our soldiers
are shot down at the very edge of the town;-and
that the property of the citizens is carried away.
There are two thousand Apache warriors upon
that frontier, and there are no soldiers there to
protect the people. Sir, I believe that this is crim-
inal negligence on the part of Congress; and that
a Government "that cannot extend protection to a
people, ought not to expect fealty from that peo-
ple. I want the saddle put upon the righthorss.
I want the responsibility to be left with the Ex-
ecutive, and I want Congress to furnish him with
the means of meeting that responsibility. I want
the people of the country to feel that there is a
protectingcareoverthem; and I w&nt the Indians
upon the frontier to be made to feel that they
cannot commit their depredations with impunity,
I will take this occasion to say that I was in
favor of establishing a territorial government for
Arizona. I have no idea of leaving men to go
nine hundred mites through a forest to reach a
court, or to execute a deed, or record a title. And,
in my opinion, whenever the Government is so
careless of the wants of the people of the frontier,
the time has come when it has no longer a title to
their allegiance.
Mr. FAULKNER, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Stephens, of-Georgia; and it
was rejected.
Mr. BRYAN. 1 move to amend the bill by
adding, after line one hundred and nineteen, the
following:
For the payment of the regimentjof volunteers author-
ized by law to be raised in the State ot Texas, for the pro-
tection ot the frontier of that State, $1,000,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
It will be recollected by the House, Mr. Chair-
man, that at the last session of Congress a bill
was passed authorizing the President of the Uni-
ted States to call out a regiment of volunteers in
the State-of Texas. An appropriation bill passed
the House for that purpose, but was not reached
in the Senate. This amendment provides for the
payment of that regiment, should the President
deem it necessary to call it into the field. That
that necessity now exists, no one can doubt who
is at all acquainted with the condition of the fron-
tier of Texas. We have heard it asserted by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] (who ia
not now in his seat,) that if the people of Texas
would stay at home and attend to their own busi-
ness, they would have no difficulty with the In-
dians. Such language, sir, is not becoming from
one who represents an old State, that long since
has ceased to be upon the frontier. The time was
when Virginia was upon the frontier, and had the
same difficulties and dangers to encounter that
Texas and the other States now upon the frontier
have'to encounter.
Sir, when Texas was brought into this Confed-
eracy—and I allude to the fact with all becoming
deference to other members upon this floor
pledges were made to her which have not been
complied with, and, as a Representative
Texas, I would be recreant to my duty if I did
not remind the members of the House what were
the pledges made to her at that time. What was
her condition when she came into the Union ? Shs
was at peace with the whole world. The Presi-
dent of the Republic of Texas said, in his last
message, that—
'• The Executive is happy to announce to Congress that
Texas is at peace with the world ; that with all foreign
Powers, with whom we have had intercourse, friendly re-
lauonsare maintained. The different tribes of Indians on
our borders, with whom treaties exi>t, have continued to
observe the same with good faith, and, within the last few
days, information has been received that the only band of
Cainanchea witbin our limits, who had maintained uutu
