84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 14,
lishfng his innocence; that it was sort of a humane
method, in order to afford the accused an oppor-
tunity to vindicate himself.
Now, sir, with great respect, I entirely dissent
from those views. I take it—and in this I hope
to be corrected if I am mistaken—that our posi-
tion and authority is precisely the same as that
of the Commons House of Parliament in cases of
impeachment. We not only occupy the position
of a grand jury, we are not only an accusing
body, but we are a prosecuting body. We unite
the two offices of the grand inquest and the pub-
lic prosecutor. Every member of this House who
votes for this impeachment, affirms that Judge
Watrous is guilty of high crimes and misde-
meanors. The theory of this proceeding is, that
we appear at the bar of the Senate as the prose-
cuting body, demanding his conviction and his de-
position from his high office by that body. And,
if I understand the rule by which we are to be
governed, it is, that no member can vote for this
impeachment who is not prepared upon this evi-
dence to vote that he is guilty. We demand his
conviction; we go^to the Senate through our
managers, and present him as condemned by us,
and ask for a verdict of guilty at the bar of the
Senate.
Now, if gentlemen are prepared to give a vote
of guilty upon the case of Judge Watrous, then
they are at liberty to vote to send him to the Sen-
ate; otherwise not. The rule would be the same
if we were but a grand jury. What is the rule
' in that case ? It is that no indictment can be found
by the accusing body except upon evidence which
is sufficient to warrant the conviction of the ac-
cused before a petit jury. The evidence on its
face must be sufficient, if unexplained, to justify
conviction. This is the rule. And I understand
that no further evidence is anticipated or expected
in this case. No further accusing evidence can
be brought or will be given; and I submit to the
House whether his impeachment will not be a
mere waste of time of this body and of the Senate.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I am not aware that
any information has been given by the committee
that the testimony in this case is exhausted upon
either side. I certainly, as a member of that
committee, have not so understood it. It may
be that the House and the accused might consent
to go to trial before the Senate upon the evidence;
but it is not pretended upon either side of the
committee that the .testimony is by any means
exhausted.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I do not mean
to say that there has been any public declaration
to that effect.
Mr. CHAPMAN. As one of the Committee
on the Judiciary, I think it proper to say that,
in the course of my remarks, I distinctly stated
that there might be evidence adduced before the
Senate both exculpatory and criminative. I cer-
tainly did not say, nor hear any member of the
committee say, there would be no other evidence
product® before the Senate than what has been
used.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. The statement
of the gentleman had escaped me. But whether
it be so or not, we are bound to have sufficient
evidence here, and now, upon which we are pre-
pared to vote a conviction. That is the rule by
which we are to be governed.
Now, sir, in my judgment, that case is not pre-
sented to the House. If I could be persuaded
that Judge Watrous was brouglitinto the original
negotiation and arrangement at Selma,for the pur-
pose of disqualifying him from hearing those
causes, if brought, and thereby work their trans-
fer to New Orleans, and that Judge Watrous was
cognizant of that fact and purpose, then I would
vote for his impeachment, because I should be
willing to vote for Ms conviction. But a careful
examination and reexamination of the evidence
has failed to convince me that he was privy to any
such original arrangement. The evidence does
satisfy my mind, and I think it may be inferred
from the testimony, that the parties in Alabama
had a consultation, perhaps, and came to the un-
derstanding that it would be better to try the causes
in the Federal courts; but I believe that the testi-
mony in this case, and the correspondence which
took place between Lapsley and League, and be-
tween Lapsley and Judge Hughes, are utterly in-
consistent with the idea thattheTexas parties had
been parties to any such original arrangement. I!
That correspondence was written in the confidence
of business, at a time when it was not dreamed by
any of the correspondents that the contents of
their communications would ever be made pub-
lic. From a careful perusal of that correspond-
ence, I am satisfied that neither Judge Watrous
nor League understood that any agreement had
been made, that any understanding had been ori-
ginally entered into, by which those suits were to
be brought in the Federal court, Judge Watrous
ousted wf jifHsdiction, and the causes transferred
to an adjoining State. I think, so far as Judge
Watrous was concerned, he entered into this ar-
rangement for the purpose of speculation and
money making, without a thought or understand-
ing that he was thereby to be disqualified for the
purpose of carrying out an original arrangement
to that effect, between those parties.
Now, sir, it has been said that any misbehavior
in office is a cause for grave impeachment by the
House of Representatives. I concede that Judge
Watrous has been guilty of imprudence and in-
jjiscretion; that it would have been better and
wiser in him to have had nothing to do with this
speculation in any way or form. But I do not
concede that any misbehavior, even in a judge,
is a cause for impeachment under the Constitu-
tion of the United States. What is the language
of the Constitution?
" The President, Vine President, and all civil officers of
the United States, shall be removed from office on impeach-
ment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, ami oilier liigh
cnmes and misdemeanois."
What other crimes and misdemeanors ? Not
bribery and corruption, certainly, but crimes that
are kindred in moral turpitude—that are related
to the crimes specified -, crimes which come in that
^;reat class which lays hold of the heart and in-
tention of men, and makes them guilty in the
sight of God and honest men. It is not every
misbehavior or dereliction of duty or error of
judgment, however gross, that is worthy of im-
peachment here. Crimes and misdemeanors are
things which relate to the heart and to the intent,
not to the head or to the judgment. Can it be
that every misbehavior in ajudge makes cause
for grave impeachment? Why, sir, the fathers
of tile Constitution provided that every judicial
functionary who is convicted of a high crime and
misdemeanor shall be beyond the reach of exec-
utive clemency; that tho President of the United
States shall not interfere to relieve the infamy or
the punishment of the party thus convicted; and
is it to be believed that executive clemency is re-
stricted, and the Executive forbidden to exercise
it in favor of a party who has only been guilty
of some misbehavior in officc? No, sir; that is
not the rule. That is not the position of this in-
quiry. The judge must have been guilty of wrong
and criminal intent in relation to his high office.
He musthave consented to the prostitution of his
office for the purpose of private gain; and the
evidence has failed to satisfy me that he has been
thus guilty. I yield to no member of the House
in my appreciation of the purity and incorrupti-
bility of the judiciary, of the importance of pre-
serving the judicial ermine pure and unspotted.
But I know that to err is not only human, but that
to err sometimes belongs to the judge and to the
bench; and I do not think it wise on the part of
this body, in a case which I affirm is at least
doubtful, to send this party to the Senate as an
accused criminal, and on our constitutional re-
sponsibility and oaths assume the attitude of de-
manding his conviction at the bar of that body.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not rise to
speak upon the facts in this case, nor, indeed, to
discuss anything; but rather to state briefly the
conclusions at which I have arrived, and the rea-
sons which control my vote.
I begin just where the gentleman from New
York [Mr. C. B. Cochrane] began. Before in-
quiry into the facts in any case, it is essential first
to comprehend clearly the law or the principles to
which they are to be applied. By what law, then,
are we governed ? Upon what principle ought this
House to proceed in ordering an impeachment?
In what scale shall we weigh, by what rule shall
we measure, the facts in this case ? What, sir,
is an impeachment under the Constitution of the
United States, and by the House of Representa-
tives ? Sir, this case has been heard and argued
all along as though it were a tric0, and a trial by
criminal law, and under a penal statute, and it has
just been so argued by the gentleman from New
York. Certainly the mistake is most natural; and
the course pursued by the committee—I speak it
most deferentially—a course sustained by but one
precedent, and that not in the United States, has,
in my judgment, caused all this embarassment.
They have heard the whole case; have examined
witnesses in full and at length on behalf of the ac-
cused, and have reported not only the whole tes-
timony before them, but elaborate arguments in
defense of the conclusions at which they have
severally arrived. But all this does not change
the nature of an impeachment, nor the duty of
the House.
And here, sir, at the very threshold, it becomes
us to lay aside old habits and associations. Who-
ever hears of an impeachment, thinks involunta-
rily of great orators and great criminals; of Cicero
and Verres, of Burke and Hastings. Splendid
i visions rise up before him. Every lawyer, too,
| turns at once to Hale!s Pleas of the Crown, or
; Chitty's Criminal Law, for the rule and practice
! governing impeachments. Now, sir, against all
this, I maintain that impeachment with us is not
a criminal proceeding at all. We are not a grand
inquest; we arc not a grand jury; and all analo-
gies drawn from them, tend only to mislead and
confuse. Impeachments in England and the
United States are two esentially different things.
They differ in the persons who may be impeached;
they differ in the object of the impeachment;
they differ in the nature and jurisdiction of the
tribunal, and inthepunishmentthatfollowsupon
conviction. In England, the high court of Par-
liament is strictly a criminal court, and a court
of public and general jurisdiction. It is so treated
in all the books; and it is^ much, and as closely
bound by the rules of law and evidence, as is the
Court of King's Bench. All persons—Lords and
Commons, officers and private persons—may
alike be tried by it; they may be tried for any of-
fense, and may be put under arrest pending the
trial. The punishment is the same as upon con-
viction in any other court, extending even to the
death penalty; and the nature and purpose of the
tribunal is the punishment or repression of crime.
Not so under our Constitution. The Senate of
1 the United States is not a criminal court estab-
! iished for any such purpose. It has no criminal
jurisdiction, ltexercises no judicial powerother
than impeachment; and even here its power is not
strictly judicial. None but civil officers are sub-
| ject to impeachment, and the judgment—not the
I punishment,forthat word isnotused—extendsno
I further than removal from office and political dis-
j ability. The accused is not liable to arrest, and
I the case may proceed, though he should refuse to
| appear. There can be no conviction unless two
I thirds of the Senate concur; and neither life,
! liberty, nor estate is affected by it. Though the of-
. fender were the President of the United States, a
j great State criminal, convicted of treason, hatched
and consummated here within the very capital;
yet could not a hair of his head be touched. You
could not even put him under arrest pending the*
trial. And more than this, neither conviction nor
acquittal by the Senate can be plead in bar of an
indictment for the same offense, pending in a
court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction; nor can
the judgment of the Senate be given in evidence
upon such trial.
These incidents, sir, all indicate unmistakably
that impeachment with us is not a criminal pro-
ceeding, and that we are not to look for the rules
and practice which govern it to the common law
of England, nor yet even to the usages of Parlia-
ment, but only to the Constitution of the United
States and our own practice under it. By that
instrument it is limited and defined; and we are
as much bound to respect these definitions and
! limitations as any other part of the Constitu-
i tion.
What, then, palpably, are the objects of im-
; peachment under our Government? I answer,
first, restraint upon public officers; and secondly,
the removal of such as shall in any manner mis-
demean. Except,indeed, so far as it maybe re-
garded as a restraint upon those who hold office
for a fixed term, it is of value only or chiefly as
to offices held for life. These are the judges of
our Federal courts, and they are answerable be-
fore no other tribunal; they are subject to no
other check; our Constitution has exacted no
other security for their good behavior. And even
