1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendment to the amendment; and it was re-
jected.
The question recurved on Mr. Faulkner's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I propose the following
amendment, to come in after line one hundred
and twenty-eight. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of VVays and Means to offer it:
Page 6, after lino one hundred and twenty-eight, insert:
For the payment of the Florida volunteers called into the
service by General Harney and Colonel Loomi-*, ill the
years 1857-58, wtneli shall be jn full satisfaction and pay-
ment for the services of said volunteers during the years
aforesaid, $413,600.
That amount of money is necessary for the
purpose of paying the volunteers called into ser-
vice in the State of Florida.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
It is perfectly clear that there must be some rule
adopted in the committee in regard to the claims
of the several States to reimburse expenses. The
Chair has already decided that the claim set up
far Texas was not in order as an amendment to
this bill. Massachusetts and Maine, and other
States, have claims of a similar character. I trust
the question of order will bo settled now defin-
itely. The circumstance of one State being so
fortunate as to get the recommendation of the
Committee of Ways and Means, does not entitle
it to be taken out of the operation of the rules
that are applicable to all the others.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand the point
of order to be, that there is no existing law au-
thorizing the payment of this money
Mr. STANTON. It is a private claim, in favor
of a State, the same as the case of Texas.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I want the Chair to un-
derstand the point of order; because, ifl'do not
misunderstand the matter, we are authorized .to
offer this amendment on the ground that the law
of 1795 authorized the Secretary of War to call
into service such volunteers as might be necessary
to repel invasion, or to prevent insurrection on
the part of Indian tribes; and it is under that law
that we insist that this amendment is in order. I
have the law before me, and will read it, if the
Chair has any doubt on his mind in regard to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is under the
impression that the amendment is of the same
character ns that offered by the gentleman from
Texas, [Mr. Bryan,] and is in the nature of a
claim; and therefore out of order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I must appeal from the
decision of the Chair; and I desire to ref^r the
Chair to the law of 1795, which declares that,
whenever the United States shall be invaded, or
shall be in imminent danger of invasion from any
foreign nation or Indian tribe, it shall be lawful
for the President of the United States to call for
such militia oi volunteers from the State or States
most convenient to the place of danger, as may,
in his judgment, be necessary to repel such inva-
sion, and shall issue his orders for that purpose
to such officer or officers of militia as he may
deem proper. It was in pursuance of this law,and
under this law, that the volunteers were called out.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
Georgia state in whose hands these claims now
are?
Mr. CRAWFORD. They are from the State
of Florida, and have not been paid by the War
Department at ail. The money is due to the
soldiers, and not to the State.
■The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sees no reason
for reversing its decision.
Mr. CRA WFORD. I hope the gentleman will
waive the point of order.
Mr. STANTON. I would rather not. I want
the States to stand upon the same footing.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is not for the Slate of
Florida.
Mr. STANTON. It is for money paid by the
State.
Mr. CRAWFORD. No, sir; the gentleman is
misinformed. The State has never paid it.
Mr. STANTON. So much the worse. If the
claims are in favor of individuals, the amendment
is certainly not in order. This is a bill making
appropriations for the expenses of the Army for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1860, and it is not
in order to tack on to it old claims.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The Department asks for
this money to pay the soldiers.
Mr. HAWKINS. Mr. Chairman, these troops
were called out by virtue of the law just read by
the honorable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Crawford,] and—
Mr. DEAN. I object to further debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in or^ler.
The question was taken on the appeal; and the
decision of the Chair, ruling the amendment out
of order, was sustained.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I now move to strike out
"$150,001)," in the one hundred and twenty-ninth
and one hundred and thirtieth lines, and to in-
sert in lieu thereof "$300,000," so that the clause
will read: _
For the-ariHament of fortifications, §300,000.
I offer that amendment for the purpose of re-
storing the appropriation to the estimate of the
Department. I find, by the report of the Depart-
ment, that $300,000 were appropriated for this
purpose for the last fiscal year, and that $300,000
is estimated for the next fiscal year.
1 offer the amendment, also, for the purpose of
showing to the committee, if possible, the neces-
sity of arming the fortifications of the country. I
suppose it is an admitted fact, and need not be
expressed here, that this country may, by possi-
bility, be forced into a war. Now, what is the con-
dition of the fortifications of the country? We
have already expended upon the fortifications of
the country $20,500,000, whilst for the armaments
that have been put into those fortifications we
have paid but $3,000,000; and it would require
over eight million dollars to complete the arma-
ment of the fortifications of the country already
erected. Well, suppose we go on and make ap-
propriations for this purpose as we have done in
years past: I find, by consuhing the report of
the Secretary of War for the year -1856, that, at
the rate we have been progressing in arming the
fortifications of the country for the last ten years,
it would take forty years to complete the arma-
ment of those fortifications. You have expended
over twenty million dollars in erecting fortifica-
tions all along your extended coast, and yet you
have but $3,00(^,000 worth of armament in them.
Now, sir, the head of this bureau says:
(i Jlrmament of Fortifications.'—'The object of this item
of the estimate i* to procure cannon for the sea-coast and
garrij-ons, and the means of mounting and equipping them
lor the defense of the Atlantic, Gulf, Lake and Pacific
coasunfthe United States, including the repair and preserv-
ation of the armament already m place. The amount ap-
propriated wiii be applicable to the purchase of the cannon
mentioned, and materials for sea-coast and ganison car-
nages, with then-implements and equipments, and^pavments
of iiie mechanics at the arsenals employed m their manu-
facture. The amount asked for is the same as that of last
>earJa appropriation.""
What would be the position of the United States
if a fleet of twenty British ships-of-the-line were
to appear off the harbor of New York to-day?
Gentlemen grudge every shilling that is to be ex-
pended for the protection of the vast levenues of
the country. Unless these fortificationsare armed,
there is no security for this country in case of a
collision with any other. We are told gravely—
men are preaching it everywhere—that " in time
of peace we should prepare for war." Well, sir,
what preparation for war ace we making ? Why,
we are cutting down the pitiful appropriation of
$300,000, for the armamentof the fortifications of
the country, to $150,000. Sir, unless this country
is prepared to enter upon a system of defensive
armament and to equip the fortifications already
erected, the best and cheapest thing, that the
House can do is to appropriate money to buy
powder and blow them up, instead of leaving
them standing along our coast as monuments of
the folly of the country. I would sooner vote for
their total annihilation and destruction, and trust
to the citizen soldiers of the country, with their
warm hearts beating in favor of liberty, for de-
,CMr. DAWES, (in his seat.) Trust in Provi-
(J cncc ■
Mr.' CHAFFEE. Yes, sir; one of the greatest
generals the world has ever known believed in
that, " trust ill Providence;" but he added, " keep
vour powder dry." I would not only do that,
"but I would equip these fortifications so that we
might be prepared to meet, with the most perfect
assurances of success, the most formidable Power
that could assail us.
I know very well that the argument is made
use of, that in consequence of the introduction of
railroads and steamboats and telegraphs, you can
concentrate at any given point a sufficient force to
repel invasion. What would be the consequence
if forty British ships-of- the-lineshouid enter New
York harbor?—and I undertake to say that.sucll
a fleet could come up the harber in spite of all the
defenses you hatfe there. True, you might,"in
forty-eight hours, bring one hundred thousand
men together in the city of New York. But what
could they accomplish? They would simply
encumber each other, and furnish no means of
defense; whereas, if you will expend this miser-
able pittance yearly, and continue it longeno.agh,
you will be able to garrison the port of New
York, or any other port. . .
Mr. Chairman, I object to this miserable re-
trenchment that is cutting down these appropria-
tions dollar by dollar.
Mr. HUGHES. I am Opposed to the appro-
priation of the public money for fortifications on
the sea-coast, and 1 am in favor of appropriating
it to the payment of pensions to the soldiers.of
the war of 1812,-so that a military spirit may be
encouraged among the' people of the country by
rewarding the veterans of former wars.
When the hour comes that this country shall
need fortifications on the- sea-coast, it can a'*ail
itself of those telegraphs and railroads to which
the sentleman has referred, and to that citizen
soldiery which will be ready at the call of duty
and of patriotism, and can present to an invading
army fortifications of men, whose strong arms and
true hearts will be a better defense than any walls
of stone that the public money of the country
can erect. The times have changed since this
policy of -building fortifications was inaugurated.
There is no longer any necessity for this system,
and it is a waste of money to expend the public
money in this way.
Gentlemen say that-the system of rewarding:
the soldiers of 1812 is an extravagance-, that it will
bankrupt the Treasury; that it is wrong; and the
cry of economy is interposed to prevent them from
receiving a public recognition of their services.
But, sir, I say that there are two words which
never ought to be mentioned in this House: one
of them is "economy" and the other is "order."
I have never seen either "economy" or "order"
since I have been here. I have seen this House
economize by striking down the just claims of
citizens for fifty or a hundred dollars, when the
private individual has come and humbly peti-
tioned the Government for what was his due,
when you are ready to pass the French spoliation
bill, appropriating $5,000,000, and opening the
door, as I believe", fbr $40,0(10,000. In my opin-
ion, there is a decided majority of the House in
favor of it; and it is too much the case that large
claims pass without merit, while small claims fail,
though founded injustice.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman is notopposing the
amendmentof the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Chaffee,] but is speaking on the French
spoliation bill. •
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is well
taken. The gentleman from Indiana will confine
himself to the amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 am sorry that I failed to
observe the instructions given by the gentleman
fiom Missouri, two or three times to the House,
to the effect that gentlemen must confine them-
selves to the point; but the gentleman has so
frequently violaied his own instructions, that I
thought 1 might plead his example against his
precept.
Mr. Chaffee's amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BRYAN. I submit the following amend-
ment:
Jn&ert after line one hundred and thirty-one as follows:
For tlic erection ot fortifications on the Gulf sine of <«al-
vestoil I&land, near tlie city of Galveston, iexas, $4tl,lUlu.
! Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
, tion of order. The amendment of the gentleman
from Texas may be germane to a fortification
bill, if we have one, but it certainly has no place
in this bill. . .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order, and rules the amendment to be
out of order. -
Mr. BRYAN. Then, for the purpose of bring-
ing the verbiage of the amendment within the
rule, I modify my amendment by substituting in
it the word "armament" in place of the word
" erection."
