86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
MAN,] that the sale was a fraudulent one; as re-
ported in the Globe, it reads:
" Mr. Reagan. I find, Mr. Speaker, by the report in to-
day's Globe, that my colleague [Mr. Bryan] made a state-
ment yesterday winch I did not hear distinctly at the time,
but to winch I desire to call his attention. He is reported
as having said:
" < As one of the Representatives of Texas, I state here
that Stephen P. Austin has stated, under his own hand,
that he purchased the three eleven-league grants, and that
Samuel M. Williams had full power of attorney to sell
them.5
"The purpose for which I rise is to ask my colleague
whether it is convenient for him to lay before the House
the paper on which he made that statement, as such a
statement coming from my colleague, who is a relative of
General Austin, must have a very important influence on
the House.
" Mr. Bryan. I state on the authoni y of a Kepresenta -
tive who has beeji sworn at your desk to discharge his
duty, that such is the fact; and no membei here will ques-
tion it. I state that Stephen F. Austin has declared, over
his own signature, that he made the purchase; and I trust
my colleague will not require the paper to be laid before
the House.
" Mr. Reagan. That is not an answer to my question.
Will the gentleman from whom my colleague derived his
information be good enough to place the paper before the .
Hougf? I repeat, that anything coming from the great
Stephen F. Austin, and vouched for by the Repiesentativc
of an aggrieved and injured people, who aie here seeking
for the impeachment of one of their judges, must have an
important influence in this matter? WiU my colleague
present the paper, or can a copy of it be had ?
" Mr. Bryan. I state that I have the paper, and it is
not necessary to present it. At a proper time, and in a
proper place, however, X will, if called upon, present it.'5
My colleague, the chairman of the Judiciary !
Committee, or any member of the committee of
this House, could have seen the paper had they
requested me to show it to them. But I did not
consider that that was the time, or the House,
then, the place to present it. And I was convinced
of this, for, since that time, and in a conversa-
tion with the chairman of the committee, he said
he should have objected to the presentation of it,
because it was notevidcuce before the committee. I
Hut, as a part of my speech, I will give the exact
words of Stephen F. Austin; and i will state to !
the House the circumstances under which they
were given. In 1833, Texas was a province of
Mexico. The people of Texas met in convention
to frame a constitution, and sent Austin with that
constitution to Mexico to ask for admission into
the Federal Republic of Mexico as a State. Pre-
vious to his leaving, as the trip and the duty were
attended with great hazard, he made out a mem-
orandum of instiuction for his brother-in-law,
my step-father—which paper I have in my pos- j
session. In these instructions, in reference to his
private affairs, he says:
" I have three eleven-league grants in the name of
Aguirres and Vega that 1 bought last year; they are in
VVilhams't< hands."
This is dated April 19,1833, and was a private
document i'or the government of bis brother-in-
law.
Again, when he left Texas as one of the Com-
missioners appointed by the Republic of Texas—
or Texas in a transition state from a province to
a republic—for the purpose of soliciting aid from
the people of this country, he uses this language
in a similar letter of instruction:
" I purchased three eleven-league tracts of Aguirre, of
Saltiilo—the power of attorney to take possession of this
land and sell it was mven to Williams by Aguirie. Ot these
tracts, one was sold'toMi. St. John, by Williams, with my
consent; one was sold to John Austin, without my consent,
and one still belong-, to me, and was located by me 011 the
east side ot Colorado, at the foot of the mountains, sur-
veyed by Sam Blown, lor which J paid him."
Samuel M. Williams says to James P. Perry,
July 23, 183G, that one of the tracts belongs to
S. F. Austin:
" One of the other traets belongs to Doctor Hoxey. and
his fiiends in Alabama; and the other to Samuel St. John,
sr. Stephen F. Austin is entitled to receive $2,100 for the
last two mentioned tracts, and is an offset to $2,000 drawn
for by him on the house of Beers, St. John, &■ Co., of New
Orleans."
Now, sir, I,was in possession of these facts when
the charge was made that the sale was a fraudulent
one, and that the power of attorney was a forgery,
and I would have been recreant to every honora-
ble sentiment had I remained silent and heard that
charge fastened upon a man who was innocent of
participating in the sale. Here you have the dec-
laration of Austin in 1833, and in 1835, that these
grants were purchased by him, and that S. M.
Williams was authorized by power of attorney
to sell them. You have the declaration of Wil-
liams in 1836 as to their disposition long before
J udge Watrous knew any thing abou t them. Then
he could not have participated in the forgery, if
there had been any; and, so far as the sale and
power of attorney were concerned, was as inno-
cent of wrong as you or I, sir.
But the charge is made that Watrous was cog-
nizant of the forgery, that he was a participant
in it, and I have heard it insinuated, outside of
this House, that he concocted it with others.
Now if the other charges that are made against
him are as baseless as this, they are entitled to
no consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. I feel it my duty, if the gen-
tleman will allow me, to ask him a question. He
seems to be presenting testimony to the House
which, if in the shape of testimony, might very
well have been called by the committee. I desire
to know of the gentleman from Texas, whether
he was in possession of this information during
the last session in such a shape as that he could
have placed it before the committee; and why, if
he had the papers and evidence, he did not offer
them to the committee for their action?
Mr. BRYAN. I will answer the gentleman.
I told the chairman of the Committee 011 the Ju-
diciary, and several of the members of the com-
mittee, that Stephen F. Austin had been the pur-
chaser of these three eleven-league grants, and
that I believed 1 had at home the evidence; but 1
had not that evidence with me. I told the same
to Mr. Chapman and Mr. Billinchurst; and
when I rose on the floor at the conclusion of last
session, and was called to order by the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, and the point of order I
sustained by the Speaker, I intended to declare to j
this House the facts, and the members of the
House will recollect that I was not allowed to j
proceed. 1
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know that I am
authorized to refer the conversation to which the
gentleman refers, but as he has done so, I will prob- :
ably be permitted to do so likewise. I did have \
a conversation with the gentleman from Texas, 1
or he had it with -me, hut not on the evidence
which he is now giving, other than incidentally. ]
The gentleman had a conversation with me as to
the extentto which his uncle 'scharacter was con- ;
nectcd with this investigation. I told him then \
that I thought there was nothing before the com- !
mittee implicating his uncle's character at all. I j
think so now. I remember hearing the gentleman j
say, substantially, that he believed his brother j
probably had some communication from his un- I
cle; and I suggested to him that if he thought it j
important he should go before the committee, and ;
I suggested to him the propriety of having his !
brother and the evidence both brought here.
Mr. BRYAN. I did not consider it important
for the reputation of Stephen F. Austin that any
0110 should go before the Judiciary Committee.
I acquainted the chairman of the committee with
the facts; and it was not for me to point out to
the committee their duty.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman does not meet
the point 1 present. I myself suggested that his
brother should be called before the committee;
and, if I remember correctly, he said he thought
itunnecessary,and that he would correspond with
his brother. As a member of the committee, 1
was willing to have him before the committee.
I wanted no ex parte evidence to control this case.
I do not desire the House to send this case to the
Senate, unless a trial ought to be had. I want no
advantage; I wanted no advantage during the
progress of this investigation; and if the gentle-
man had acquiesced in my suggestion, his brother
would have been brought before the committee as
a witness, had the committee sanctioned what I
would have proposed.
Mr. BRYAN. The gentleman and myself are
directly at issue, as to the subject-matter of the
conversation. I did say I would correspond with
my brother, but not as to his coming here. It
was as to the examination of the papers; and I
did write to him on that subject. The papers,
however, were not convenient for him to exam-
ine; they were in the hands of one who was writ-
ing the history of Texas. But, sir, it was not for
me to indicate the course which the Committee
on the Judiciary should pursue; for, on some oc-
casions, when I did propose to do so, in my
zeal to serve my constituents, a cold shoulder was
turned on me by the chairman and other members
of the committee; and it was only from a high
sense of public duty that I "ever approached the
committee on the question at all.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I desire to know from the
gentleman whether he includes me in the category
of those who showed him the cold shoulder?
Mr. BRYAN. I do not. I have always been
treated courteously by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Now, sir, in regard to the testimony) which is
spoken of. The testimonio, if examined at all
by Judge Watrous, he was bound to regard as a
valid instrument; as on its face it was properly
authenticated, and nothing to show that it was a
forgery. I will read from the Texas Reports of
the Supreme Court, (page 332, volume 7,) as to
the power and effect of a testimonio:
" The teslimonio. though denominated a second original,
is still an oiigmal. It was executed and delivered cotem-
poraiieously with the making of the protocol. It consti-
tutes the ouginal evidence of authority m the tribunal to
which it was dnected, and invested them with power to
act in tiie premises. It lemains with them, as the basis of
their authouty, and the foundation of their proceedings. It
was an original, as much so as a patent issued under the
great seal.
" Tins point was expressly decided by the supreme court
of the Republic, m the case of Smith vs. Townsend, (Dal-
lam, 560;) and the punciples of that case were fully recog-
nized and affirmed bv the courtin the case of Houston  s.
Peiryand Williams (5TexasEepoits,462.) In pronouncing
the opinion of the court in the former case, the chief jus-
tice, after citing authorities, said •
" 1 From the authorities and laws to which we have re-
ferred, as well as from the facts proven in tins case, we con-
elude that copies of notorial acts weie (at tile time of the^
execution of this mstiument) regarded in contemplation of
law as original; that they were the only evidence of title
winch the party interested was entitled to retain 111 his pos-
session ; and that they aie properly admissible for all the
purposes wiueh, by the introduction of the originals them-
selves, could be effected.' " *
Again, on page 363:
" Wc all concur as to the effect of a teslimonio in evi-
dence ; but, perhaps theie might not be ail entne unanim-
ity of opinion to the elfect of a second certified copy of
the Oliginal remaining as an archive 111 a now foreign coun-
try. It must be remembeieil in all cases of this character,
that the paity is not entitled 10 the possession ot'the original.
He can by no possibility have control overit, for tile leasoa
that it is not his propoity, but constitutes an archive of a
public office. It woul'Jf be just as reasonable to require a
patentee under the State to produce the book from thegen-
eial land office, in which his patent may be recorded, as to
require a party holding a testimonio or copy of title under
the iormor Government to produce the original instead of
the teslimonio, or copy, neither the one or the other having
ever been, or by law "could be, in the possession or under
the control of the claimant. The properdisposition of ques-
tions of this character, so as to attain the ends of justice
where the original archive lemains abroad, is environed
with difficulties. If testimonios, or copies, arc admitted
without restriction, a wide door is opened for tgffiadmission
of fraudulent and torged titles. Their falsiljHir fictitious
character cannot be tested by onqinal records or evidence
within the limits of our own junsdiction ; but, on the other
hand, when the fonnei Government, was oveithrown and
the new sovereignly was created, the testimoraos, or copies,
were the only evidence ot title which individuals had in
their possession."
That, sir, is the decision of the supreme court
of Texas, defining what a testimonio is, its legal-
ity and its effect; and it was such a testimonio as
is here defined by the court which was presented
to Judge Watrous, and upon which his opinion
was based, if he had an opinion. But we know
from the evidence, that he made no examination
of that paper; that he was not required to give an
opinion; that he did not even see the document,
because it was admitted by agreement of parties.
Now, sir, in Texas Reports (vol. 8, page 218)
we find the following:
" The commissioner must give a ccitified copy or testi-
monio to the interested party to seive him as evidence of
title, jHSt in the same way, and to the same extent, that a
testimonio or copy of any and ail public instruments, ex-
tended before a notary selves the parties thereto as the ev-
idence of their lights. In neither the one ease nor in the
other; neither in the grant of land nor n> contracts or agree-
ments between individuals executed before a public officer,
, or the paities entitled to the original or protocol of the title,
i or of the instininent of conveyance or agreement. Ill all
; cases these lemain wilh the officer; and ceiutied copies or
1 testimonies are the only evidence of light which the pames
■ in any case can possibly require."
In the case of Jones vs. Menard, (Texas Re-
I ports,) the name of the commissioner was not
signed to the. original title to Menard for a league
ofland remainingin the commissioner's office, and
thence transferred to the general land office of the
Republic ofTexas. Menard's title was attempted
to be proved by a certified copy, from the general
land office, of this original title. The testimonio
to him was not produced or accounted for. The
supreme court held that the pap*r without the
