1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 19.
Mr. Chairman, objection was made by the
State of Texas to annexation, on the ground that
there were too many M contingencies surround-
ing the resolutions of annexation; that Texas was
not sufficiently provided for in the resolutions of
annexation. In response to this objection the
minister of the United States, then in Texas, act-
ing under the instructions of the then Secretary
of State, now President of the United States, said:
" The undersigned doubts not thatthete are objeetrons to
the terms prop.osed, winch, under oidmary circumstances,
ought to be obviated before a basis which admits thein is
adopted. But the circumstances are not ordinary ; and the
objections, when weighed in the scale of importance with
the magnitude of the interests involved in the success ot the
measure, become secondary in their character, and may
well be postponed until the natural course of events re-
moves them. If annexation shouldnow be lost it may never
be recovered. A patriotic and intelligent people, in pursuit
of a measure of general utility, if they commit a partial mis-
take or inflict temporary injuries,.were never known to (ail
in making the proper reparation. If they have, in this in-
stance, inade pioposals of union to Texas on terms* which
deprive her of means that should be exclusively hers, to eh-
able her to pay the debt contracted in the war for her inde-
pendence, it has been accidental; and no assuiance fioin
the undersigned can be needed to givo value to the antici-
pation that such an error will be corrected, whenever it is
communicated to the Government of the United States.
"It is objected that Texas, in burremleung her revenue
from customs, paits with tha ability to put into efficient ot-
ganization her State Government This objcctron must
result from an undue examination of the expenditures which
the United States, 011 the other hand,, will make in the
many improvements necessary on the sea-coast of Texas,
td protect and facilitate her commerce., in the removal of
obstructions in her numerous hajsciud rivers, and in the
military organization necessary to guard her extensive fron-
tier against the inroads of a foreign enemy."
Now, sir, 1 contend that, in not one single par-
ticular, has that pledge been redeemed~Our fron-
tier has not been protected, our spa-coast of near
five hundred miles, has not one gun on it, and our
harbors have not had one dollar expended upon
them; this amendment now proposes to provide
an armament for a fortification on the Gulf side of
Galveston Island in order to save, in case of war,
the city of Galveston from destruction. The
largest vessels can now ride in the open roadstead
within less than two miles of the city, and destroy
the whole city, in destroying the shipping in port,
for the city would be between the vessels and the
shipping. The United States have novercrectcd
a single fortification on our frontier, or placed a
single gun on the' sea-coast of Texas, nor has it
redeemed any pledge which she gave us for pio-
tection. What allegiance, sir, do we owe to a
Government which affords us no protection what-
ever? We, sir, have surrendered much, and have
got but litllo in return.
The question was taken on Mr. Bryan's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move to amend the clause
which the Clerk has just read, being an appro-
priation for ordnance stores and supplies, includ-
lng horse equipments forthe mounted regiments,
$150,000, by increasing the sum to $250,000.
I find that the amount for this item in the reg-
ular estimate is—
" Toproeure f,ie«e and field guns, tarriaRes, caissons, and
battery wagons, with their implements, equipments, and
harness; side arms and aeroutpiineiHs lor tlie ditiereiit kinds
Ol troops composing the Aimy ; and to dehay the <:.\pi iim;
of making and repairing the same ; and for the purchase ot
materials tor, and prepamig ammunition ; and for procuring
horse equipments (or me mounted troops. Hume amount
as appropnated last yeai."
.Now, Mr. Chairman, what kind of economy is
this that the Committee of Way s and Means have
adopted in reference to this appropriation bill?
This ordnance bureau is required by law to fur-
nish, upon the requisition of the officers of the
Army, and of the several States of the Union, the
articles mentioned in this item of appropua-
tion, and yet we find the estimates cut down
$100,000. Here comes a request from an officer
of the Army for horse equipments, and what is
the answer? The answer simply is, that Con-
gress has refused an appropriation to furnish those
items, and the consequence is, that the troops
must go without. Here you require "brick with-
out straw." You require the ordnance bureau
to furnish these items according to law, and you
refuse the bureau the money necessary for the
purpose of arming the troops.- You require thetn
to furnish side-arms and accouterments for the
different kinds of troops composing the Army,
and for arming the militia of the country, and yet
the appropriation is cut down to the pitiful sum
of $150,000. Why,sir, the amount asked for m
the original estimates is trivial enough, in all con-
science. The estimates were cut down by the
officers to the lowest possible degree consistent
with the efficiency and the exigency of the ser-
vice. You cannot go a dollar lower, unless the
service suffers; and yet gentlemen, in their fits of
economy and retrenchment, ay, sir, this wild and
insane hand of retrenchment itself, proposes to
paralyze the service, and requires the officers of
that bureau to violate the law, because the law
requires them to furnish these articles.
if this is good economy, I yield the whole argu-
ment, and leave it where it is; but my convic-
tion is that this bill has been trimmed enough;
trimmed enough in the Committee ofWWays and
Means; trimmed still more in the Committee on
Military Affairs; and now it is trimmed until its
skeleton bones rattle here in the. Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOWARD. The gentleman, in propos-
ing his former amendment, referred to the forti-
fications of the country. I believe it is univer-
sally conceded, in this country, that in all the
money we have ever expended, we have expended
more money foolishly upon fortifications than in
any other way. Of all the things in the world,
fortifications are what we do not want. There
may be exceptions to the rule. It may be said,
indeed, that a hostile army may march into our
country anywhere. That is true; but it is equally
true, that they would never get out alive.
1 will simply say—for I do not wish to detain
the committee—that the Committee of Ways and
Means reduced the estimates for fortifications ten-
fold; they have recommended an appropriation
of only one tenth part of the estimates of the De-
partment. In reference to ordnance stores, equip-
ments, &c., we only reduced them one half, and
recommended only that appropriation; and we
reduced the items contained in the clause under
conatderation only forty per cent. Now, 1 sub-
mit, if we have errtd at all, we have erred in not
reducing the estimates enough, and I hope the
amendment will be voted down.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to insert,
after line one hundred and thirty-eight, the fol-
lowing;
For aims and equipments for the whole body of the mi-
litia of the United .Slates, in addition to the amount appro-
priated by the act of April 'J3, 1808, $300,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that
amendment in order?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. What is the point
of order?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is, that
the amendment proposes general legislation in an
appropriation bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Upon that I de-
sire to say a word.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable. The Chair hardly thinks the amend-
ment germane to the bill. It is general legisla-
tion; but the Chair will hear the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The usual formu-
lary of an objection of this kind to an amendment
proposed to'an appropriation bill is,, that "it
changes existing law." This is not a correct
statement of the ground of objection. I know of
but one rule of the House under which the ob-
jection can be made. That is the 81st; and it
provides, m the first clause, that—
" No appropriation shall be reported ill such general ap-
piopuation bills, or be in ordci as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authonzed by law-—
I understand that to refer to the subject-matter
of appropriation, not to the amount; and, if so,
the amendment is clearly in order; because the
subject matter of expenditure is authorized by
ji the act of 23d April, 1808. But, if not in order
jj under that portion of the rule, it clearly is under
that which follows:
jl —"unless in continuation of appropriations for such public
l; works and object as aie ahead; in piogiess, and tor the
!' contingencies foi cariymg on the several departments <?f
'! the Government.*'
]! The arming and equipping of the militia of the
ji United States is one of the " objects " which is
ij already in progress, and has been for more than
!• fifty years.
!; Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ii ask the gentleman if the object which he wishes
jl will be accomplished if his amendment is not
jl adopted? If not, then his amendment is legisla-
l! tion.
11 Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I only propose to
increase an appropriation which has been regu-
larly made for fifty years.
" The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the committee are. considering a bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 18G0, and this amendment
purports to make an appropriation for the equip-
ment of the whole body of the militia of the United
States. The Chair thinks the amendment is not
in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. But I will state to
the Chair that the last provision of this bill is
" for the continuation of the survey of the north-
ern and northwestern lakes, including Lake Su-
perior, $75,000." What connection, I would in-
quire, has that appropriation with the support of
the Army for the year ending June 30, 1860?
The CHAIRMAN. That is a question for the
committee to consider and decide when they reach
that clause.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois I move to reduce the
appropriation $50,000. Mr. Chairman, before
making any remarks, I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs the number
of arms we have now on hand, and also the num-
ber of troops in the service of the Government?
We ought to have that information, in order to
see whether it is necessary to manufacture any
more arms.
Mr. FAULKNER. The number of improved
arms—fori regard theold arms of but little value-
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Give us the number
of each now on hand.
Mr. FAULKNER. I know there arc several
hundred thousand of the old arm in the arsenals
of the United States, and elsewhere. But I regard
the improved arm as now the only effective weapon
of war. There are, of the new arm, thirteen
thousand two hundred and ninety-nine in the ar-
senals and ordnance depots, and eleven thousand
seven hundred and forty-four in the hands of the
troops, making a total of twenty-five thousand
and thirty-nine. The number of troops is some-
thing upwards of seventeen thousand. The old
muskets are now abandoned as a weapon of war,
both in this country and in Europe.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I am ready to vote
the necessary appropriations for the manufacture
of arms, but not more than is necessary. Let
gentlemen go back to thedaysof the Revolution,
and see what were the services rendered by our
forefathers with the weapons they then had. They
were but a Handful of men, but they achieved
their independence in a war with one of the most
enlightened and powerful nations of the globe.
Iiow will the arms, the half a mtllion now upon
hand, comparc with the weapons our forefathers
used ? Were theirs any better?
We talk of retrenchment and reform. Here we
have arms enough already manufactured to crush
under the load the Army itself, and yet we are
asked to manufacture more. I think that it is now
time for us to stop the manufacture of any more
muskets. Let us wait until the right kind of arm
is invented. If the arms in the arsenals and de-
posits are useless, why keep them and pay merr
for burnishing them ? Why not sell them, or de-
stroy them? When my friend from Virginia talks
of reform, I say that I am with him, and I am
willing to give' him this year $25,000 to keep that
beautiful establishment at Harper's Ferry in op-
eration. I appeal to my friend from Massachu-
setts, and to my friend from Virginia, to show
their patriotism, and that sectional and local ap
propriations have no weight with them. Let
them show that they are willing to retrench ex-
penditures in their own districts until the Treas-
ury is replenished.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Chairman, I feel in
some degree the embarrassment of the position in
which the gentleman from Illinois has placed me.
I have been, throughout this bill and for the last
three days, the advocate for all proper retrench-
ment, and I am very well aware that in opposing
any reduction in the appropriation for the national
armories, I subject myself, in some degree, to the
imputation ofpeisonal oi sectional feeling, as one
of these national establishments happens to be in
my district. But, sir, I defy any man to indicate
a single amendment suggested by the Committee
on Military Affairs, and which I have brought
to the attention of the House, which, however
much they may reduce the appropriations, will,
