88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
and bail in civil cases in ihe courts of the United States,
duly appointed by the district court for the district afore-
said, at the request of. Robert Hughes, attorney for the
plaintiff herein, this day called and caused James Hewit-
eon to be and appear before me, at my office m the city of
Galveston, in the district aforesaid, between the hours of
nine o'clock of the forenoon and six of the afternoon, to
testify and the truth to say in a certain action at law and
matter of controversy now depending and undetermined in
the circuit courtof the United States for the eastern district
of Louisiana, at New Orleans, wherein John W. Lap&ley
is plaintiff, and Eliphas Spencer is defendant, in behalf of
the plaintiff.
" 'The said James Hewitson being of lawful age, and being
by me first examined and cautioned, and sworn to testify
the whole truth in regard to the matter of controversy afore-
said, deposeth and saith as follows, to wit:
' That he is acquainted with the handwriting of Juan
Gonzales, whose certificate and signature to the original tes-
timonio of the power of attorney, purporting to be executed
hy Jos6 Maria and Raphael Aguirrcand Thomas do la Vega
in the city ofLeona Vicario, on the 5th day of the month of
May, 1«32, before the said Juan Gonzales, regidor of said
city and second alcalde in turn, arid which is now presented
to him, and that from his knowledge of the handwriting of
said Juan Gonzales, he does verily believe that the whole
of said testimomo, including the certificate and signature of
said Juan Gonzales, is in the handwriting of said Gonzales;
that he is well acquainted with the handwnting of Jose
Manuel Moral and. Jos6 Nazatio Ortie, the pei&onswho
ptirpott to b« assisting witnesses to &aid tcstimonio, and he
is well satisfied and does verily believe that the signatures
to said tcstimonio, 'Jos6 Naz. Ortis,' and 'Ml. Moial,'
are in the handwriting of said Orlis and Moral. The saul
Gonzales and Ortis, when living, lesided m the State of
Coahuila. They aie now both dead. Said Moral now re-
sides in said State of Coahuila. in the now so called Repub-
lic of Mexico, and is, as he believes, now there. The tcs-
timonio above spoken of, in oider to identify it, is marked
A, and his (this deponent's) signature thereon, and which
the commissioner taking this deposition has certified to be
the document referred to in this deponent's evidence, and
has been returned to plaintiff's agent.
u<And further this deponent saith not.
" ' JAMES HEWITSON."
"'Erased in the seventeenth and eighteenth lines from
bottom of first page, the words, "he is well satisfied and
does and the words a he does" inteilincd befoie signing
" 'A. M. HUGHES, Commissioner."
(< 'And f, the said Archibald M. Hughes, the commissioner
aforesaid, do ccrtify that the reason for taking the deposi-
tion of Die said witness is, that the said witness, the saul
James.Hewit<on, reside* and lives in the city ot Saltillo,
in the Republic of Mexico, more than one hundred miles
from the city of New Orleans, the place of trial of the action
at law or matter of controversy'aforesaid ; and I do further
certify that I gave no notice to the said Eliphas Spencer,
or his attorney, to be present at the talcing of this deposi-
tion, and to put interrogatories if lie or they thought proper,
because neither the said Eliphas Spencer nor lus attorney
is within one hundred mile* ot the city of Galveston, the
place of the caption of tin* deposition,and whoie the same
is taken ; and I do further certify, that, being attended by
the witness, as stated m the caption, after being duly
sworn, he testified in my pr«>ence as befoie set out, which
was reduced to writing hy jno in the presence of the witness,
and by him Mgned in in* presence; and X do fuither cer-
tify, that I am not of counsel or attorney to either of the
parties in the action at law or matter ot contiover&y afore-
said, or m any manner whatever interested m the event of
the same. 1 have retained this deposition to be sealed up,
directed, and transmuted to the circuit couit aloie^id, in
accordance with the act of Congress in such case inside and
provided.
Uk Given under my hand and seal, this 23d day of Febiu-
ary, A. JD. ifc£5, aforesaid.
£l. s.J "'A.M. HUGHES, Commissioner.'"
The paper which I have read is the deposition
made by one Dr. Ilewitson, a citizen of Saltillo,
in Mexico, on the 23d February, 1855, in which
he declares that he is acquainted with the hand-
writing of Gonzales the regidor, who purports to
have executed the power of sale in the De la Vega
title; that he is acquainted with the handwriting
of the two assisting witnesses, and that their sig-
natures arc in their handwritings respectively;
that the body of the instrument is in the hand-
writing of Gonzales, as are also the certificate and
signature.
It may be asked why I present this evidence,
•which goes to the validity of the title of the De la
Vega tract? I do it because every particle of this
case ought to be brought to the consideration of
the House. The subsequent testimony will show
that tins man Hewitson, an extensive litigant in
Judge Watrous's court in eleven-league grants,
as is proved by his own witnesses, was guilty of
base perjury in swearing to that testimony. It is
a part ot the evidence, and it is one of the circum-
stances upon which we rely to show the falsity of
the instrument.
We next come to the testbnonio of Thomas de
la Vega, the maker of thegrant in question. That
was taken the 24th of November, 1856, by the
proper officer in Saltillo, before winch officer De
la Vega swears he never signed such a paper; and
at the same time says he did, in connection with the
two Aguirres, sign a power of attorney to Samuel
May Williams, authorizing him to take possession .
of thirty-three leagues of land, to which they were
collectively entitled under the concession. He
says he neversigned such an instrument as this
power of sale, though, upon examination in the
archives of Saltillo, he finds a paper which he
execu ted, authorizing Williams to take*possession
of this land; and he also finds a power of sale,
which is signed by one of the Aguirres,'and not
by,the other, nor by himself, nor any assisting
witness. That is the oath of De la Vega, who
is alleged to be the maker of this grant. His tes-
timony is as follows:
On the 24th day of November, 1856, peace having been
reestablished m this city, the (seiior) judge caused to appear
Mr. Thomas de la Vega, to whom was administered,indue
foi m, the oath prescribed for one who comes forward to say
the truth, according to his knowledge; and he having been
mteirogated conformably to the interrogatories which are
contained in the first of the translated documents which
were read to him, he said, in answer-,
To the first. That he is forty-six years "of age, and, by
occupation, a merchant.
To the second. That he is not acquainted with, and that
he has never been acquainted with, Samuel M. Williams.
To the third. That he has examined the copy, (in ques-
tion,) and that he never signed the original which it pur-
ports to repieseiu; that he did, conjointly with Don Ra-
phael and l)on Jos6 Maria de Aguirre, grant a power to the
effect that the Williams referred to should take possession
ofand maik off eleven tracts, (ofland,) which the Governor
had granted to each one of the appealers ; but that he did
not grant, and that he never has gianted, any power, as to
his part, to alienate or sell these tracts; that, consequently,
the power which is exhibited to hnu is false.
To the fourth. That he has always signed Thomas de la
Vega, and ihat he does not rccollect ever having done so
under the name of Thomas Vega.
To the fifth. That he has never signed any power for
the alienation of Ins lands, and that he does not know
whethei there is a copy of the document exhibited to him
m the archives of Saltillo; but that there cannot be, for he
repeats his statement that lie has never given any such
power.
The sixth is omitted, because no such case has arisen as
the question refers to.
To the seventh. That he does not understand the ques-
tion.
To the eighth. Thar, a short time since, he granted a
power to Mr. Simon Mussina, a resident or New Oileans,
to settle, in hi« name, this matter, conformably to the pow-
ers given to him ; that what he has stated is the truth,.un-
der the obligation of his oath, which he confirms and ratifies,
feigning it with tiie judge, before mo, as I attest.
AC UN A,
  THOMAS DE LA VEGA.
Domingo V. Mejia, Notary Public.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I desire to
ask the gentleman if, after De la Vega made that
grant in 1832, and after Mussina, the presentpros-
ecutor, had lost his suit in New Orleans, in which
the court decided that Lapsley had the title, De
la Vega did not make a contract with Simon Mus-
sina, the prosecutor, by which he authorized him
to sell this same tract of land, and to give him one
fourth of the land for his services ?
Mr. REAGAN. I will say to the gentleman
from North Carolina, that I have heard it said that
Mussina, in 1857, made some such contract with
La Vega; but that was a year after this testimony
was taken.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Mussina
so swore before the committee.
Mr. REAGAN. Let it be so; but that is not
the question with which [ have to deal. I say
here is La Vega's oath made when he was a
party to a grant which might inure to his own
benefit, and there is this ground of interest going
to his credibility; but fairness requires the state-
ment.
Next comes the deposition of Jose Cosme De
Castaneda, the custodian of the archives of Sal-
tillo, dated December 24, 1856, which is as fol-
lows:
On the satne day (November 24, 1856) appeared Mr. J.ose
Cosme de Caslaneda before the judge, and he having taken
the oath in due form of Jaw which is prescribed for every
one who appcais to tell the truth, according to his knowl-
edge ; and having been interiogated on the.question& which
correspond to and are contained in the inteirogatories read
to linn, lie said in answer:
To the first. That since the year 1840 he has, in fact,
been the custodian of the archives of the most honorable
council of tins city, as secretary of the said honorable body.
To the &ccond. That he has examined the records, and
m fact has found a power granted by Messrs. Jos6 Mana
de Aguirre, Raphael de Aguirre, and Thomas de la Vega, to
Mr. Samuel May Williams, a resident of the city of Aus-
tin, winch (power) is legally authenticated by the second
regidor of the honorable council, who officiated as second
alcalde, Don Juan Gonzales, dated the 28th of April, 1832,
by which the aforenamed Messrs. Aguirre and Vega em-
power Williams m their name to take possession o&*hirty-
three tracts of land, which the said appearers (grantors)
acquired by purchase from the supreme Governor of the
State, and to select the spot in which the surveys of these
tiaets should be drawn. There is also another power
which tiie same gentlemen drew out before the same regi-
dor and second alcalde, Don Juan Gonzales, dated the 5th
of May, 1S23, by which the said Williams is authorized to
proceed to the sale of the abovemwitioned tracts of land;
but this power was signed only by the alcalde, Don Juan
Gonzales, and Don Jose Maria de Aguirre, and not by Don
Raphael de Aguirre or Don Tho'mas de la Vega, or the as-
sisting witnesses, wherefore the said documents can be of
no effect. That in verification of all that he has stated, he
refers to the original documents which exist in the archives
under his charge.
To the third. That he is unable to furnish the copies
asked for, because he has not due authority to do so, but
that if the judge officiating should, deem it indispensable
to grant authenticated copies, then recourse should be had
to secure thein to the president of the honorable council.
That what he has stated is the truth, under the obligation of
his oath, which he confirms and ratifies, adding that he is
an adult, fifty years of age, a resident of this city, and by
profession secretary of the honorable council. And he has
signed with the judge, before me, which I attest.
AC UNA-;
JOSE COSME DE CASTANEDA.
Domingo V. Mejia, Notary Public. *
Now, here is the oath of Castenada,the keeper
of the archives of Saltillo, duly sworn to and cer-
tified, in which he says he ha.« been the keeper
of these archives since 1840; is familiar with them;
has examined them carefully, and has found a
power to take possession executed by the two
Aguirres and La Vega to Samuel M. Williams,
signed and properly authenticated; and that he
also finds a power of sale signed by one of the
Aguirres, but not signed by the other Aguirre or
by La Vega, or by either qf the assisting wit-
nesses. Who is this man Hewitson, who swore
he had signed it? And yet it appears from the
document now in the archives that it was never
signed at all.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether it is, or is not, a fact that after the
date of this power of attorney, purporting to be
from La Vega to Williams, and after the sale of
this property, and after possession was taken
under it, and tracts sold, and tenants in posses-
sion adversely, a period of twenty-five years and
upwards did not elapse without La Vega's at-
tempting to assert his right to it ?
Mr. REAGAN. Oh, no; the country was far
in the wilderness until ten or twelve years ago,
and nobody was in adverse possession of the
land; and I tell the gentleman more,"that although
this sale was from Williams to Menard, and Wil-
liams as trustee for Mrs. St. John, his sister,
purports to have been made May 1, 1840, for a
consideration paid in 1834, yet they never thought
enough of their title to record it till March 9, 1849.
Gonzales's testimony in the case of Lapsley
and others, it will be recollected, was taken in
1856, at New Orleans, after the case had been
tried and pent to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and when there was no use for the evi-
dence, exccpt for the purpose of sustaining the
perjury of Hewitson. His deposition was taken
and filed in the circuit court of New Orleans. I
am authorized to state, from the evidence in the
case, that old man Gonzalez was induced hy the
parties, at a cost to them of near six thousand
dollars, as much as League gave Mrs. St. John
for this tract of land, which ne testified is worth
$300,000, to come to New Orleans, and testify that
he signed, as regidor, the power of sale from La
Vega and the Aguirres to Samuel M. Williams,
after they had appealed to his passion and his
prejudices, after they had spent near six thou-
sand dollars in bringing him to New Orleans to
testify in a case that had been decided. What
was his testimony ? That he did not write the
body of the instrument, and that he did notknow
who did write it. Now, Hewitson, the first wit-
ness, had previously sworn that he knew the
handwriting of Gonzales well, and that Gonzales
did write it. He also swore that Gonzales was
dead. Two years afterwards, when it is thought
necessary to give $6,000 for a living witness,
Gonzales comes forward and swears that he did
not write the body of the instrument. There he
stands, a living six-thousand-dollar witness, to
contradict the false oath of that miserable Hewit-
son, who was litigating extensively these eleven-
league grants in the court of John C. Watrous.
Sir, if that had been honest testimony, it would
not have cost fifty dollars to get it. Who is there
that does not know that?
Now, sir, this poor Mussina, who has exhaust-
ed a fortune in trying to have punished a judge
who had robbed him, who has resorted to every
proper means to give this House intimation that
should cause them to bring John C. Watrous for-
