nn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
doubt of that; but the very fact that it was bor-
rowed. shows that the President o'f the United
States can, within the lines of the law, according
to las construction, divert the whole fund and
expend it at Harper's Ferry and Springfield, so
that, in truth, the amendment is $450,000 instead
of $350,000.
[Here the hammer fell.] .
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I withdraw
my amendment.'
Mr. MASON. I desire to speak in opposition
to the amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I object to debate. The
amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. MASON. I rose and objected to the with-
drawal of the amendment, the instant my col-
league announced his- purpose to withdraw it; but
if the committee do not want to hear my speech,
I will not inflict it on them.
The question being on Mr. Faulkneii's amend-
ment,
• Mr. CHAFFEE demanded tellers.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton,
and Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty-one; a further count not being de-
manded. . ^
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move to amend by in-
serting as follows:
For the construction of a national artno.ry at Atlanta,
in the Suite of Geoigia, $200,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. That amendment is changing the
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment to be out
of order.
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire to say one word
upon that point of order, i think I cun satisfy
the Chair, as well as the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Way* and Means, that if this amend-
ment is out of order, one-third of the items in
this bill arc out of order. I will not, however,
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair,
because two or three appeals have been taken
from his decision to-day,and the Committee have
universally sustained his decision. 1 have no
doubt that my appeal would meet with the same
fate if I were to take one.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out from
line one hundred and thirty-nine to line one hun-
dred and forty-^nine, inclusive, as follows:
'• For the -Vlleglmny .tiscnal, ^OOU.
*• For the Uemetann>eiul, jjOO.UiK).
ih Vol Fort Monroe atonal, $14,QUO.
For Now York arsenal, $:tyi00
For Noi th Carolina arsenal,
" Tor Texas araenal, $15,000. *
For Washington ai enal, 4S,5M.
'"For YVatertown arsenal, $1,000.
For Waturvlict arsenal, $-2o,OUO."
I will state that th'e object of the amendment is j
to strike out the whole appropi mtion for icpairs j
and improvements of arsenals, except $20,000 for j
•eonun^eneits. I am not certain thjt ought notJ
to be stucken out likewise; but 1 am willing to i
leave that in the discretion of the Department, to i
apply if it shall become necessary. 1 have ex- !
aruined thoestimatesofappropriations,and 1 have
been struck with the entire absence of any neces-
sity for the outlay demanded. 1 have been struck
with the trifling nature of the objects for which it
i*j proposed to appropriate one hundred and thirty
or one hundied and forty thousand dollais. If
the committee will look at the repoit oi the Sec-
retary of War on the subject, they will f*ee that a
gioal poition of this appropriation is for grading
and fencing grounds. Now, sir, I submit that tins
is no time for beautifying our public buildings
and grounds. Here is one arsenal, for the build-
ing of which an appropuation is asked,-in refer-
ence to which, if gentlemen will look at this re-
port, they will discover that there is now a con-
troversy existing in reference to the site for the
arsenal; that it is now proposed to sell the site
which was purchased last year, and buy another.
Then, in reference to the arsenal m North Caro-
lina; when 1 look into the report of the Secretary
of War, to see the operations of the last year, I
find there:
<v Extensive repairs of boundary fence, for which 1004
p< units spikes were extracted fiom decayed parts 5 walls of
magazine for fixed ammunition repainted and }eilQW-
ua"h-\!; wall'? of arsenal, b.irmck and line of shop*, oj-o
yellow-washed; 9 axe? and 1 grubbing hoe repaired ; wheels
and body of wagon repainted, and 2 cart wheels newly tired ;
wheel, buckets, and other parts of apparatus tor drawing
watef from the well, repaired, renewed, &e.
i{ Other work done.—Care and preservation of battery,
small arms, tools, implements, &c.; 45 rifles issued to the
militia; 2 boundary cornerstones cut and (etteied; 192 cubic
feet of stone received from quarry ; 7,060 superficial feet of
lumber received fiom mills, and 1,700 hauled; 19,4G0 bricks
received from kilns; stores and lumber temoved from shops
to timber store; 2 wrenchcs and 6 cold-clnaels made; 6
pieces samples of North Carolina oak, hickory, and pine
timbers, prepared and sent to Alleghany arsenal lor exper-
iment; care and grooming of 1 horse and 2 mules."
And for an arsenal whose operations for one
year were so extensive, we are asked to appro-
priate, for repairs alone, more than $2,500.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BRANCH. That shows the economy
with which the money has been expended. I ven-
ture to say there is not another arsenal in any
other State where they would draw old spikes out
of decayed fences, in order to save the expense
of new ones.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to oppose this amend-
ment. Thes<3 items are necessary, in the condition
of the arsenals and armories, and to the military
service of the country. Bat, sir, I especially de-
sired to say, that so far as the remarks of the
gentleman who last addressed the committee seem
j to indicate a reproach that no work has been done
I at the North Carolina arsenal, the best answerto
j give is, that, until the last session of the last Con-
j gress, no appropriation had been made to pur-
j chase machinery. It has now been done, and the
j machinery has been placed, and the arsenal, pre-
j pared to execute work. This arsenal was origi-
nally located by General Jackson. It has just
: been completed. That it has not been done be-
i fore, perhaps may have been the result of the con-
I tmuous opposition of the present head of the
1 ordnance coips—a hostility which, I trust, has
| not proceeded from sectional prejudice.. The late
distinguished head of the Department of War, in
his last report, recounted the putting in operation,
for the manufacture of the material of war, the
arsenal in Springfield, that in North Caiolma, and
one at some point 011 the Pacific coast. It was in
consequence of this suggestion that the last Con-
gress made a liberal appropriation for the pur-
chase of machinery. It has been honestly and
faithfully managed by the present and preceding
commandants who have had charge there. Con-
nected by iniiroad, as it soon will be, with exten-
sive and valuable deposits of coal and iron, some
j forty miles distant, it will compete, I am sure,
! with any similar establishment in the country,
' when put under construction.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to say
one word The esthfjates submitted to us for the
repair and improvement of the various arsenals
in the United States were $224,0U6. The Com-
; mtttee of Ways and Means, upon an examination
! of the matter, ca-mc to the conclusion to reduce it
] to the amount stated in the bill which is before
! us. Vye believed that some repairs were neces-
j rfary to preserve the property, atfd also to finish
■ one or two buildings which were in progress of
1 construction.
! Mr. DEWART. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. VALLAND1G1IAM. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw it until we can do some work,
and imitate the example of the Senate, which
meets at eleven o'clock, and woiks until seven or
eight 111 the evening.
Mr. DEWART. I cannot withdraw my mo-
tion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring on-the amendment to
strike out all the appropriations for arsenals,
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
• and Peyton were appointed.
j The committee divided; and the tellers reported
: —ayes 72, noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I propose to sub-
mit an®amendmcnt, and it is for the purpose of
terminating the session of the committee. I move
to strike out the residue of the clauses in the bill.
I am willing to vote for it in committee; but m
the House, where we can have a separate vote
upon each clause, I intend to vote against the
concurrence in the action of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to inquire of the Chair,
whether, if this motion prevails, we can have'fci
vote upon the separate items when we act upon
the bill in the House ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I appeal to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means not to press his motion. There are two
clauses here making appropriations for repairs,
improvements,"and new machinery for thearmo-
nes that I want a separate vote upon.
Mr- PHELPS, of Missouri. I withdraw my
motion, as it was only intended to expedite the
disposition of the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The next
clause in the bill is for contingencies of arsenals,
$20,000. As we have stticken out all the detailed
estimates of appropriation for the arsenals, I pro-
pose to leave this contingent appropriation as it
is. Then I propose to move to strike out the two
next clauses, which are as follows:
For impair* and improvements, and new machinery, at
Springfield .umory, Massachusetts, £53.910.
" For lepairs and nnpiovemeiit<, and new maclimeiy, at
Harper's Feriy aimoi>,
The committee will perceive, by looking at the
estimates, thatthe amount proposed to besuichen
out fiom these clauses was mostly estimated for
grading grounds, for general repairs, and im-
provement of grounds, for building culverts, erect-
ing iron fences, bridges, &c.
1 move to stiike those clauses out.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Is it in order to move to
Strike out the enacting clause?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I make that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the enacting*
clause be stricken out, we cannot have a separate
vote upon any part of the bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky. 1 desire
to state that some of the estimates in the clauses
which he proposes to strike out, aie essential to
the manufacture of small arms. The impiove-
ments are now in progress of construction; and if
we withhold the appropriation, it will be impos-
sible to go on with the manufacture of arms.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I de&ire to
have a separate vote upon Miiking out each of
those clauses. I do not want to combine the
strength of the Springfield and Harper's Ferry
armories together.
The question was taken on Mr. Marshall's
amendment; and it. was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit thatthe item now
up is not in order. The gentleman from Ken*
tucky expressly stated that he wanted a separate
vote on the two paragraphs of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection was made. It is
now passed; it is too late to make a point of order
on it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky whether he did not. propose to strike
out first one portion of the paragraph, and then
the other portion ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 certainly
did; kfut I understood the Chair to oveirule me,
objection having been made.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to strike out
the following:
" For surveys for military defenses, geographical explora-
tions, and rcoonnoissanees, for rinhtarv purposes, and sur-
vey* with armies in the field, $<">0,000."
Mr. Chairman, what are the officers of the Army
engaged at that they cannot perform that duty out
of the ordinary Army appropriation ? What are
these officers for but for the performance of the
duty here stated ? I think it is right that we should
have some explanation of this amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 oppose the
amendment. Let us have a vote.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
increase the appropriation $100,000.
Mr. Chairman, that is an appropriation which
it has been usual to make from year to year, and
I esteem it to be the very life and soul of our mil-
itary service. It proposes the means for furnish-
ing information which enables the Department to
direct the movements of troops. Perhaps under
no other appropriation has so largo an amount of
valuable information been collected. lean refer
to several parties which have furnished the mil-
itary arm with important information. One is
