90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
been guilty of all that my colleague imputes to
him. I care not. But, sir, when I found myself
in possession of this information it would have
been very wrong in me to withhold it. I was
unwilling that this House should pass upon this
case of Judge Watrous without having these im-
portant facts before it. Thoy could have been
brought forward by me at any time if the com-
mittee had seen fit to call for them.
Now, sir, in reference to the instructions of
the Legislature of Texas, I have read them to the
^|ouse. I presume my colleague and myself
construe them to mean the same thins. Each of
us isresponsible to ourconstituents. I seek noth-
ingfiom him, and he will seek nothing from me.
These instructions are merely that we shall see
that the charges against Judge Watrous are look-
ed into, examined, and brought toa final decision,
"without expressing any opinion as to his guilt
or innocence." I, sir, in deference to the State
in which J was raised, consent to give up some
of my personal independence in this House, and
I shall therefore vote for thc resolutions of im-
peachment in order to obtain "final actionBut,
sir, I have stated the facts which 1 have brought
forward, and I ask that they may have their
due weight in making: up the decisions of those
who are called upon to judge in reference to the
testimony of the case so far as they weigh.
Sir, the Legislature of my State, in 1848, passed
resolutions requesting Judge Watrous to resign.
I was at the time a member of the Legislature,
and voted against those resolutions.
Mr. REAGAN. I intended to have stated that
I was also a member of that Legislature, and that
I voted for the resolutions in connection with all
the members of the House of Representatives,
with the exception of my colleague and four
others, in a House of sixty members.
Mr. BRYAN. I voted against these resolu-
tions at a time when I did not know Judge Wat-
rous, and had never spoken to him or seen him.
I regarded the facts then presented as not satis-
factory or comincing, and therefore voted against,
the resolution.
Now, Mr. Speaker, T do not regard ihese reso-
lutions of the Texas Legislature as instructing
me to pursue any othei course than Ihavepui-
sued, to impartially examine into the charges and
try to obtain " final action" upon them.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I have been
slow to believe that Judge Watrous should be
impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors. I
am not accustomed to sit in judgment upon the
guilt or innocence of my fellow-citizens accused
of crimes and offenses against public justice and
personal rights. It would have been to me a mat-
ter of pleasure if I could have concluded upon th<*
testimony before us that the accused was not
guilty.
Sir, with gentlemen who have spoken on this
side of the House and upon that, 1, too, would
maintain the independence of the judiciary; but I
would maintain its integrity and purity as well.
To your judiciary is intrusted the issues of life
and death. Those, therefore, who hold and ex-
ecute its great trusts, should not only be inde-
pendent of all extraneous and undue influences,
but they should also be above suspicion, and
without leproach. But who will contend that the
juaiciary should be irresponsible to the people
under the Constitution for confidence betrayed
and officii^ trusts violated ? The high power of
impeachment conferred upon this House for the
accusation of ail civil officers ofthe United States,
is absolutely essential to secure to all and to each
of us piotecrion against the oppressive abuse of
the poweis intrusted to them only for the pur-
poses of just and good government.
Mr. Speaker, this powerofimpeachrnent should
be exercised strictly within the limitations of the
Constitution. The House, in my judgment, can
only prefer articles of impeachment against any
civil officer of the United States, upon proof that
he is guilty of treason, bribery, or oiher high
crimes or misdemeanors. But, sir, I cannot agree
that, to the exercise of this power, the party ac-
cused shall have been guilty of an offense indict-
able either under the laws of the United States
or at the common-Saw. It is sufficient to the im-
peachment of a judge of the Federal court that
he shall be guilty of an indictable offense, or of
an offense not indictable, but winch is in deioga-
tion of his office, a virtual violation of his official
oath, and a wanton denial of justice or of public
or private right. It is too late to construe the
Constitution to mean, by the words " other high
crimes and misdemeanors," only offenses indict-
able at the common law or by statute. Upon two
occasions, this House has preferred articles of
impeachment against judges of the United States,
in which there was no charge that the accused was
guilty of an indictable offense. I refer to the ar-
ticles of impeachment preferred against Judges
Chase and Peck. Against the latter there was
but one article presented by the House; it charged
Judge Peck with having, unjustly, and with the
intent to wrongfully oppress him, arrested and
imprisoned Mr. Lawless, upon an attachment, for
contempt. This act of Judge Peck was not an
indictable offense under the Federal statutes. No
man can be indicted under the Federal Govern-
ment but for crimes and misdemeanors made in-
dictable by statute of the United States. Com-
mon-huv crimes are not indictable merely as such
under our national Government. It may well be
doubted whether Judge Peck could have been in-
dicted for the act specified (in the article 'of im-
peachment) at the common law. On his trial
before the Senate, he was defended by counsel
who, for legal ability and learning, wefe scarcely
second to any lawyers in the world. That article
of impeachment, although it charged neither a
crime or misdemeanor indictable under our laws,
was not deemed insufficient by either of the em-
inent counsel of the accused—Mr. Wirt or Mr.
Merideth. This House, under the guidance of
such minds as McDuflie and fcJtorrsanil Buchanan
and Spencer and Everett and Burgess, deemed the
accusation sufficient as charged, although it speci-
fied no indictable offense.
In the argument of that great case, it was con-
ceded on all sides that Judge Peck had full and
complete jurisdiction to order as he did the arrest
Mr. Lawless for contempt, and to commit him for
contempt; there was no question made upon the
fact chatged, that the judge did cause the arrest
and imprisonment of Lawless for contempt; nor
was it questioned by his learned counscl that he
should be found guilty by the Senate of high
crimes and misdemeanors iri his office, if the intent,
as charged, was present and constituted the object
and purpose of his action in the premises. While
it was conceded in that case that Judge Peck had
complete jurisdiction to act as he did in the prem-
ises, it was also conceded that he had no right,
under color of his admitted and undoubted au-
thority, to abwe his power as judge to gratify his
malice or revenge upon the citizen, by arresting
him as for contempt without sufficient cause, and
with the intent, the criminal intent, to oppress him
and unjustly deprive him of his liberty. That
accusation, sir, like this, was on^ of oppression
m office, wheiein the judge used Ins position with
the intent to deprive the citizen of his right under
the law, and by which he wrongfully and unjustly
and with the intent aforesaid, did deprive the cit-
izen of his legal right.
I maintain, sir, that Judge Watrous is guilty,
upon the testimony before us, of this abuse in
his groat office; that he did unlawfully, and with
the intent to injure citizens of Texas, and deprive
them of their rights under the laws of the land,
and to secure to himself an unjust advantage, to
their injury, in his own court, enter into, and
carry out to the fullest extent, a fraudulent ar-
rangement with Thomas M. League. I charge,
that by his fraudulent combination and arrange-
ment with League he intended to, and did unlaw-
fully and unjustly, deprive the tenants in pos-
session of the lands in Texas, (described in the
deed to League,) of their right under the law, of
trial of that title in the courts of Texas, and by
a jury of the vicinage; that he corruptly advised,
and procured the transfer of the legal title in these
lands, to Lapsley, a resident of Alabama, with
the intent thus to deprive the tenants in possess-
ion of their just legal rights; and, with the fur-
ther unlawful intent to secure a pecuniary advant-
age to himself; that by this arrangement he
secured the bringing of the actions touching these
lands, m his own court, in the name of Lapsley,
but for the joint benefit of himself and League,
as well as Lapsley, and thereby in further pur-
suance of ins intent to injure and wrong and
oppress the tenants as aforesaid, did certify and
transfer the cases to Louisiana, a distance of
some five hundred miles from the residence ofthe
tenants, thereby subjecting them to an expense
in defense of their possessions which many of
them were ill able to bear, and virtually depriv-
ingthemof their rights by an ex parte trial. If
Judge Watrous has done all this, as I am con-
strained to believe he has, I submit that he is
guilty of oppression in office; of high crimes
and misdemeanors," within the meaning of the
Constitution, for which this House should prefer
articles of impeachment against him, and compel
him to answer therefor befoae the Senate and the
country.
Sir, I do not say that it was a crime for Judge
Watrous to buy lands; in Texas or elsewhere. I
do not say that it was a crime for him to form a
partnership with League in the purchase of lands
for profit; but I do say that it was a crime, a high
crime, for him to advise and procure the transfer
of sixty thousand acres of land by League to
Lapsley, m trust for himself and others, with the
corrupt intent thereby wrongfully, unjustly, to
give to himself original jurisdiction thereof in the
trial of the title, and to enable him to transfer the
causes out of the State, to the direct injury of the
possessors thereof, and in deprivation of their
right under the law to a trial by the vicinage.
That the judge did this, and with the intent
charged, appears to me clearly proved and estab-
lished by the testimony now before us. I know
that it has been asked, and reiterated in the course
of this debate, where is the proof of the criminal
intent ? I ask, when was a criminal intent ever
established by direct proof, save in the compara-
tively few cases of criminal acts where the ac-
cused confessed or declared it himself? The crim-
inal intent of an unlawful and criminal act is not
usually capable of direct proof, and is most gen-
erally inferred by the triers or jury, from facts
proved. To find the intent of Judge Watrous in
these transactions, the House need only apply
the well-established rule of the common law—
that a man shall be held to intend the natural and
necessary consequences of his acts. What, then,
are the acts of Judge Watrous, established by the
proof from which resulted the wrongs and inju-
ries to the Texan claimants, to which I have re-
ferred, and to the accomplishment of which he so
well adapted the means to the end ? I shall only
refer to the testimony of his chosen confederate,
Thomas M. League. If by that testimony it is
established that Judge Watrous did enter into the
arrangement with League, as I have stated, and
with the intent thereby to wrong and injure the oc-
cupants of the lands in Texas, as I have charged,
then it seems to me itis the imperative duty of the
House to adopt the proposition of the report to
the effect that he be impeached for high crimes
and ipisdemeanois, and to appoint managers to
prefer articles of impeachment against him, and
send him before the Senate for trial.
How, then, are the facts upon League's tes-
timony? In 1850, League was a citizen and res-
ident of Galveston, in the State of Texas. In the
case of Jones et al., vs. Thomas M. League, (18
Howard S. C^Reps., 77,) the court decided that
League was a citizen of Texas on the 1st of July,
1850, notwithstanding his temporary removal to
Maryland. On or about the 1st day of July, of
that year, Mr. League acquired a title to this sixty
thousand acres of land by grant of J. D. Cordova,
as attorney in fact of Sophia St. John. In antici-
pation of that purchase, he consulted with Judge
Watrous in respect to the purchase and in respect
to the great profits likely to arise out of it. What
then takes place? Judge Watrous confederates
with League and others, as partners in the profits
likely to result from the purchase, to the extent
of one fourth part in his own right, amounting to
fifteen thousand acres, and worth $75,000, as the
proof shows, his share of the land, as also of the
whole tract, being estimated to be worth five dol-
lars per acre. But how shall he make sure of this
title? He is the man, and it is an indisputable
fact that he is the first man, who suggested the
transfer of that title to Mr. Lapsley, a non-resi-
dent of the State of Texas. For what purpose?
For no other purpose, I undertake to say, than
the corrupt intent to deprive the persons m pos-
session of the benefit of a trial by a jury of the
vicinage. - Under the eleventh section of the judi-
ciary act of 1789, League, holding the title and be-
ing a resident citizen of Texas, could not bring
his suit in the Federal court. That section has
been repeatedly construed by the Supreme Court
