1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
of the United States to mean that each of the per-
sons', citizens of any other State, entitled to sue
m the Federal court, must be competent, by rea-
son of their non-residence in another State, to sue
in said court. That where there is a joint inter-
est among several j each must be a non-resident, or
jurisdiction cannot be entertained. (Ward vs.
Arredenda et al., Paine's C. C. II. 410; Straw-
bridge t-s. Curtis, 3 Cranch, 237, and 2 Cranch, 9.)
Now, if League had taken the deed to himself,
Watrous, and Lapsley, in common, Watrous and
League, being citizens of Texas and holding a joint
interest with Lapsley in the lands, could not avail
themselves of the benefit of Judge Watrous as a
Federal jud<;e, to take jurisdiction of the cases m
his court. "That League and Watrous expected
and intended to institute suit for the lands is
clearly although reluctantly confessed by League
and sworn to by him. (See pa es204 and 205 of
League's testimony.) As suits were to be brought,
lo try which Judge Hughes had to be retained, and
a retaining fee of $500 for these suits to be com-
menced paid to him, it became absolutely neces-
sary, that Judge Watrous might obtain jurisdic-
tion of these suits in his own behalf, to make over
the entire legal title then in League to a citizen of
another State! Accordingly Watrous and League
did it, and for that purpose.
Jf Watrous did not suggest to League the per-
sons in Alabama, Lapsley and others, in orderto
give himself and League this benefit of having
this darling project of gam and profit committed
to his keeping as the sole judge of the Federal
court for trie district of Texns, then, pray, for what
purpose did he do it? Was he really desirous
to extend the great profits of the purchase to non-
residents of the State from mere charity; or was
he anxious to reduce his own anticipated gains,
by inviting these non-residents to share with him
and League to the extent of one half the so-mi^ch-
coveted prize? I do not behove it.
But, sir, it was decided by Judge Watrous ab-
solutely necessary to transfer the title. Gentle-
men have undertaken to say that this transfer
became necessary in order to procure the money
to pay for the land. I tell the gentlemen who say
so, that they have not looked carefully into the
evidence. League, the confederate of Watrous,
swears that he held at that time the legal title
himself; that he had secured the payment of the
purchase money to the vendor, by his note, in-
dorsed by a third party; and that the purchase j
money was not, at the time, alien upon the prop- ;
erty. Why, then, did he and Watrous go to
Alabama to find men able to advance the sum of
$<7,000? League was a man of property. And !
who believes that they could not raise £7,000
within the limits of Texas, if they desired it?
No, sir. He and Watrous went to Selma about
the 9th of July, 1850—nine days after he had the '
title vested in himself, free from all incumbrance.
Watrous has the title drawn up, transferring the
whole body of this land to Lapsley, an inhabit-
ant of Alabama, who holds, as secret trustee for
himself and League, to the extent ef one half, or
thirty thousand acres; so that the suits might he
brought before Judge Watrous, within his own
court, to try the title to his own property. There
was no other object or purpose in view. 1 hey
intended by that transaction simply to vest Laps-
ley with the title, so that he might remove the
causes for trial to Louisiana, and thus deprive
the tenants in possession of the land of the benefit
of a trial before a jury of the vicinage. It was a
substantial denial of justice to the parties to tuul
them some six or seven hundred miles trom home
—men ill able to bear the expense—to defend
their title to their properly. And 1 undertake to
say that if the fact had tianspired before the cir-
cuit judge at New Orkans, that Lapsley held as
trustee fen Watrous, nnd was so vested with the
ti tie to gi ve t <> "Watrousjurisdiction, he would have
dismissed the ca<>e trom hjs docket, and denied
the original jurisdiction of Watrous. Look at
the evidence of this guilty purpose, as ^stands
out upon the face of this trai'sler to Lapsley. l>i
the transaction of 9th July, J850, when the ab-
solute title was made over bv League to Laps-
ley, we find that the deed did not convey the title
to all the pai tnersjomtly. Yet League swears they
were joint owneis—he to own one portion of fif-
teen thousand acres, Watrous to own another por-
tion of fifteen thousand acres, and the Alabama
^t'litlemen, Lapsley* Frow, and other?, to own
the remaining half of the land. Why not, then,
make a joint deed ? I will give you the answer
to that. Because Judge Watrous, who was pres-
ent, directing the matter and adapting the means
to the end intended, knew that it was well settled
that the true construction of the eleventh section
of the judiciary act of 1789, as I have before
stated, was, that all the parties jointly interested
as plaintiffs must be non-residents and citizens
of another State, in order to entitle them to claim
the jurisdiction of the Federal court in Texas
against residents therein. In order, then, to se-
cure to Judge Watrous jurisdiction m his own
case, he has the absolute legal title made to Laps-
ley, who is a citizen of the State of Alabama,
and has, at the same time, a. secret trust deed
made, declaring on its face that Lapsley is the
trustee of Watrous and League to the extent of
half the land, worth, according to the proof here,
$150,000. And what did League anfl Watrous
pay fortius? Not one dollar, to this day. They
gave their note to Mr. Lapsley for $5,500, paya-
ble in five years.
These are the facts, Mr. Speaker, which lead
me to the conclusion that Judge Watrous, in en-
tering into the speculation, in hunting up a matt
outside of the State of Texas, to take the actual
title, and in concealing his own interest in the
suits, could have had no other object or purpose
than to sccure to himself the control of the suits
involving his own interest, and to depnve the
tenants of their legal right to a trial, as against
him and League in the State courts of Texas.
That was as much a corruptand oppressive abuse
of the jurisdiction of the Federal court m Texas
as i.f Watrous himself had held the absolute title
at the time, and had gone over to Alabama and
hunted up a man of stiaw there, and conveyed the
title to him, without any consideration, and in
secret trust for himself exclusively, and then
come bflck and had suits instituted in Ins own
court, to establish his own title 1 Does any man
stand here to say that that would not be a mis-
demeanor within the true intent of the Consti-
tution, and impeachable as such? I admit that
Watrous had the right tc^buy land. I admit
that he had the right to go into partnership with
League in the purchase of land; but I say that
as a Federal judge he had not the right, ana was
not at liberty, under the obligations of his office
and his official oath, to enter into a combination
for the purpose of depriving a suitor within his
jurisdiction of his legal ri^ht, to have a fair trial
before a*jury of the vicinage. Such an act done
by ajudge, with such an intent, in my judgment
is as distinct an offense as was ever committed
against any man in a court of justice, by a minis-
ter of the law. Such an act, in my judgment, is a
high crime, for which the guilty offending judge
should stand impeached. Such conduct in ajudge
should clothe him with infamyas with a garment.
Bat, say gentlemen, what evidence have you
of the intent? I have answered that question
already. What evidence, I ask them, have you
of the criminal intent of any man, except the proof
of a fact inconsistent with his obligations under
the law, and his duties to his fellow-citizens i You
infer the criminal intent under that wholesome
rule of the law that a man is held to have intended
the consequence of his own deliberate act. The
legal and necessary consequence of this act of
Jud.^e Watrous in transferring the title to this
property from League, a citizen ofTexas, to Laps-
ley , a citizen of Alabama, was to put it in his own
power to tiansfer the juu-sdiction from the btate
courts of Texas to his own court, and thus to
enable him to have control of the eases* to the in-
jury of the suitors in his eouit, and to the abso-
lute exclusion of their legal rights as against him
and League. Did he not intend tins result from
his act? He could have intended nothing else.
It seems to me that it is not necessary that I
should waste the time of the House with any fur-
ther remarks in regard to this matter; but I ask
the House, when it comes to make up and pro-
nounce its judgment, to bear in mind that the facts
which I have stated are testified to by League
himself, and are most abundantly established.
To be sure, Mr. League did not condescend to tell
us exactly on what day of the month of July,
he got the title himself, In regard to that,
as m legard to other matters, he is a little obliv-
ious of the facts; but one thing is very certain,
thdt he had the title before, and when he and
j Watrous went together in person to Selma,' Ala-
i bama, to execute the conveyance to Lapsley; for
■ he says the conveyance was drawn from his own
! deed ! (p. 204.) By the recital in Mrs. St. John's
| deed, (p. 207,) the deed of her attorney, Cordova?,
| to League, was made about the 1st day of July,
| 1850; so that these gentlemen had about nine days
| to go to Selma to make and conclude the arrange-
« ment, and transfer these lands in secret trust to
j Lapsley!
| Now it seems to me that under circumstances
! of this kind, this gentleman may well be held to
\ answer upon the proof, and to-show any other
I intent than that I have assigned herey'-for tr&v*
j eling all the way from Texas to Alabama to find
! a man in whom he might vest his title in secret
, trust for himself. He certainly could have ac-
| comphshed that in Texas. He could have found
j men in Texas capable of taking the title, and to
! whom he could have as securely committed this
1 secret trust. The reason assigned by this Mr.
League, and by those gentlemen who have op-
posed the impeachment here, that Watrous and
League went to Selma to get some person to ad-
vance the purchase money, is, m my opinion,just
no reason at all, in the light of the fact established
by the testimony of League, that he had„bcfore
that time purchased and obtained a deed for the
land, and had given his bond and secured the
purchase money, and that there was no lien on
the land for any part of it. Then I ask again,
why these two men traveled so far to find a trustee?
The answer is that they did so simply in order
to enable that trustee to bring suits and to enforce
their claim to the land in Judge Watrous's own
court, and thus to give him the control of the
whole matter for his own benefit, and to the direct
injury and wrong of the then claimants and
occupants.
It is no answer to the conclusion at which I
havearnved forgentlemen to say that Judge Wat-
rous had manifested a desire to have some of
these suits brought-in the State courts. He never
manifested that desire until after he had been de-
tected m this criminal combination. I want to
see the proof that Judge Watious manifested any
desire to bring any suits in the State courts of
Texas until the complaint and accusation hadi
been made against him by Alexander, and the
fact had leaked out to the public that he held an
interest in these lands, secured by a secret trust.
You will also note the other fact in passing
here, that Judge Watrous did not record this trust
up to the time of his accusation, nor indeed has
it yet been recorded so far as the proof shows;
yet, sir, upon its face it was expressly agreed
that it should be recorded in the proper county
court in Texas. The registry laws most gener-
ally, if not universally, provide that the with-
holding the deed from record within the time pre-
scribed shall work a forfeiture of title in any case
where a transfer shall be made to a third party
without actual notice; still all this risk of a grant
j; by Lapsley to third persons without notice must
!' be run by Judge Watrous, for the simple pur-
!; pose of enabling him, without suspicion from any
|i quarter, to entei tain jurisdiction of asuiun which
is he was personally interested, and which m point
1; of fact, as the proofs show, he got up for his
'J own especial benefit. The accusation is estab-
lished. Lapsley was invested with this title to
, enable him, under the act of 1739, to bring suits
I for these lands before Judge Watrous by Judge
Y/atrous's own act and for Judge Watrous's own
:i benefii, as well as for the benefit of his trustee,
whom he would, of course, reward for his ser-
, vices in that way, and for the benefitof his con-
/ federate League; and with the criminal intent,
, therefore, of depriving the persons in possession
, of these lands of their rights under the laws to a
fair and impartial tiial in the courts of theirown
n State and by a jury of the vicinage. And this
i conduct of Judge Watrous, I submit, is a high
1 crime, a perversion of justice, and a denial of
right, which ought to be punished and for which
i, there is no remedy but by impeachment.
1 I shall, therefore, upon this view of the case,
;! without detaining the House longer, be cou-
strained to vote for the resolution appended to the
report of the Judiciary Committee, which is in
terms, "that John C. Watrous, United States
j1 district judge for the district of Texas, be mv
'j peached of hisjh crimes and misdemeanor."
f( Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, the pressure
