92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
upon all sides for the termination of this debate,
induces me now to ask for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish very
much to address the House briefly upon this
question, but not this evening. I trust, therefore,
that the previous.question will not be sustained,
and I promise the House not to trespass upon
their attention for more than half an hour to-mor-
row morning.
Several Members. Go on now.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have some
extracts to .which I desire to refer, but I did not
Jjring them up with me to-day. I promise the
House not to detain them longer than half an hour
in the morning.
Mr. HOUSTON. As it seems that there are
gentleman who desire to address the House this
evening, and as the vote cannot be taken before
to-morrow, I will not insist on the previous ques-
tion if any gentleman will go on now.
Mr. EUSTIS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
[Loud cries of " No !" " No !"]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I believe I have
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand whether the gentleman from Alabama
yielded the floor or not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I only yielded the floor to
the gentleman from Georgia temporarily. I in-
dicated that I should ask for the previous ques-
tion, but I stated also that if any gentleman de-
sired to go on now, I would withhold the call for
the previous question for that purpose. 1 feel
bound, under what I stated to the House yester-
day, and under the frequent calls that have been
made upon me to do so, to ask for the previous
question, and thereby put it in the power of the
House to do as they please. Whatever may be
the decision of the House, I shall be satisfied". If
the House chooses to continue the debate, I have
no objection.
Mr. CURTIS. I believe the gentleman from
Georgia has the floor, and I ask him to give way
for a motion that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will yield for
that purpose, if 1 have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Georgia under the supposition
that the gentleman from Alabama had yielded the
floor. The gentleman fiom Alabama states, how-
ever, that he had only yielded it temporarily, for
a particular purpose, which the Chair docs not
understand to be in the nature of a surrender o
the floor, and the gentleman from Alabama, be-
fore resuming his seat, as the Chair understands,
demanded the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. KEITT. As the gentleman from Georgia
desires to address the House, and I have no doubt
the House desires to hear him,and as the House
may also be disposed to wind up this discussion,
which has gone on for a considerable length of
time, I suggest that the matter bo arranged by
agreeing to take the previous question to-morrow
at half-past one or two o'clock.
[Loud cries of "Agreed!"]
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Say one
o'clock.
Mr. KEITT. Well, one o'clock.
[Cries of" Agreed !" " Agreed !"]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That will suit
me.
Mr. KEITT. Let the previous question be
ordered at one o'clock to-morrow, and the House
can adjourn now.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
House adjourn. That motion, I believe, is in
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not feel authorized,so
far as I am concerned, to accept any modification
of my own notion. If the House desires to hear
the gentleman from Georgia they may do so by
voting down the previous question and adopting
the proposition of the gentleman from South Car-
olina. I shall have 110 objection to that. But, so
far as I am concerned, I do not feel at liberty to
make any such motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Thegentleman
from Alabama says he has no objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Keitt.]
Mr. KEITT. Then let us adjourn now.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I have moved an
adjournment.
Mr. DEWART. I ask the yeas and nays on
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. KELSEY. If the House now adjourns,
will the gentleman from Georgia be entitled to the
floor in the morning ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. K'ELSEY. Then I hope the House will
vote down the previous question before we ad-
journ, so that we may hear the gentleman from
Georgia. For one, I wish to hear his views upon
this question. My own mind is not made up in
regard to it, and I desire to get all the light I can
before I am called to vote upon it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentle-
man from Alabama stated that he had no objec-
tion to the arrangement suggested by the gentle-
man from South Carolina.
Mr. SiVflTH, of Tennessee. All the difficulty
will be obviated by an adjournment now.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Are remarks in order at this
time ?
The SPEAKER. The question of adjourn-
ment is not strictly debatable, but the Chair has
fndulged gentlemen in suggestions with a view of
accommodating this matter.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. It seems to
me that the matter might be accommodated by an
agreement that the previous question shall be sus-
tained at one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I insist on my
motion that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. DEWART. And I insist on the demand
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to suggest
to the gentleman from Alabama, that he waive
the demand for the previous question until the
House can indicate its sense upon the proposition
of the gentleman from South Carolina, that the
previous question shall be called to-morrow at
one o'clock.
Mr. HOUSTON. So far as that is concerned,
I will say that the House has the whole power
over the question. If they prefer that the previous
question shall be sustained to-morrow at one
o'clock, they can vote down my motion and adopt
the proposition of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina.
Mr. GROW. I ask the Speaker to put the ques-
tion upon the proposition of the gentleman from
South Carolina, and see if any one objects.
Mr. LOVEJOY objected.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentlerflan from
Tennessee will withdraw his motion to adjourn;
let us vote upon the demand for the previous ques-
tion, arid then the House can adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Very well; I with-
draw the motion.
The House then refused to second the previous
question—ayes 62, nays 9G.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, obtained the
floor, and yielded to
Mr, EUSTIS, who moved that the House ad-
journ; which motion was agreed to.
And thereupon the House (at twenty minutes
before four o'clock) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 15, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. P. D. Gurley, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the following
enrolled bills which had heretofore received the
signature *of the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sen tatives:
A bill (H. R. No. 35G) for the relief of P^oswell
Minard, father of Theodore Minard, deceased :and
A bill (H. R. No. 565) to confirm the land claim
of certain pueblos and towns in the Territory of
New Mexico.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Postmaster General, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 10th of June, 1858, information
respecting stock held by foreigners in ocean mail
steamers, covered by the flag of the United States,
running between New York and Liverpool, New
York and Havre, and New York and Bremen?-
which was ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of James Roye, of Arkansas, against the
admission of Kansas into the Union as a slave
State; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAYIS presented the petition of Mrs. H.
B. Macomb, widow of General Alexander Ma- .
comb, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of Fred-
erick Griffing, praying payment of an amount
claimed to be due to him for land purchased by
the Secretary of the Navy for the navy-yard at
Brooklyn; which, with his papers already on
file, was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Ann
Scott, widow of William B. Scott, deceased, pray-
ing that authority be given to the accounting offi- *
cers of the Treasury to allow her a commission
upon the disbursements of her husband as pen-
sion agent; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Sam-
uel Lockwood, a commander in the Navy, pray-
ing to be allowed expenses incurred in defending
himself before the court of inquiry established by
the act of January 16, 1857; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of the watch-
men in the Washington navy-yard, praying to be
allowed the benefits of the second section of the
act of 12th June, 1858, making appropriations for
the naval service;, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Henry
G. Carson, administrator of Curtis Grubb, late
of the firm of Curtis & Peter Grubb, praying the
payment of a final-settlement certificate, with in-
terest; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. At.i.en, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed aresolution
for the appointment of a committee whose duty
it shall be to digest and revise the rules of order,
and to suggest alterations and amendments, and
report the same for the action of the House at an
early day in the next session, and authorizing
tins committee to join such committee as may be
appointed by the Senate, to revise the joint rules
of the two Houses;and had appointed the Speaker,
Mr. Winslow, Mr. Grow, Mr. Bocock, and Mr.
Israel Washbitrne , the committee on its part.
PUBLICATION OF BOOKS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was for-
warded to the Chair last spring a memorial by a
Mr. Beebee, of the State ofNew York, which by
some accident or neglect was mislaid. The me-
morialist requested that it should be read to the
Senate. As it is very brief, the Chair will direct
the Secretary to read it.
Mr. SEWARD. Who is the memorialist?
The Secretary. Pierre Ogilvie Beebee.
Mr. SEWARD. What is it about?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the Senate of the United States .•
The author of a work on American law, in minute ques-
tions adapted to Kent's Commentaries, with examples of
answers to the first part, respecting the law of nations,
humbly shows that he desires to publish the same under the
patronage of Congress, with a corresponding appropriation,
because, without such aid, from the ab,tru*e and simple na-
ture of the work, he fear« it may not be brought into use
with that zeal, tact, and judgment, which its intrinsic merit
wit] justify; and as it was abundantly examined and ap-
proved by the chancellor, in his life tune, the voice of pos-
terity silently prays that his research should not be slighted,
while from the brief specimen of the annexed examples,
since prepared, your petitioner hopes it will appear to your
honorable body and the House of Representatives, whom
he beg-, to harmonize in the solicited appropriation, that it
will be pioficiently serviceable to those blanches of legal
science which legislators, people, and sovereigns are inter-
ested to promote. PIERRE OGILVIE BEEBEE.
Utica, New York, March 24, 1858.
Mr. SEWARD. The memorialist is in the
lunatic asylum at Utica. [Laughter.] I move
that his memorial be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the petition of James
0. Wright and his comrades, publishers, at No.
377 Broadway, New York, setting forth that,
there being a great deficiency of copies of the
