1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
tween that time and 1857, the then President of the
United States, General Pierce, and the Secretary
of War, Colonel Davis, now a Senator from Mis-
sissippi, had the question under consideration
whether General Seott was to receive the extra
allowances which he claimed. The Secretary of
War held that he was not entitled to these al-
lowances, and the President sustained that deci-
sion. But the Congress of the United States it-
self decided the question in the following year.
The act making appropriations for the support of
the Army, passed in 1857, contained this section:
" Sbo. 16. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the joint res-
olution, approved February 15,1855,'authorizing the Pres-
ident of the United States to confer the title of lieutenant
general by brevet,' shall be so construed from and after
March 29,3847, in favor of the brevet lieutenant general ap-
pointed under said act, while exercising command accord-
ing to that rank, as to entitle liim to the pay, allowances,
and staff specified in the fifth section of the act approved
May 28,1798,' authorizing the President to raise a provis-
ional army,' and also the allowances described in the sixth
section of the act approved August 23,1842, ' granting ad-
ditional rations to certain officers.' "
1 have only time to add, sir, that I trust we
shall not furnish another illustration of the oft-re-
peated declaration that Republics are ungrateful.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to submit
a question of order on the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from South Carolina. We have
passed from the sonsideration of all that portion
of the bill which relates to the commutation of
officers' rations, and we cannot go back now and
amend it in this mode. If this amendment is in
order, you can still-go back, and amend every
section of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I submit
that the point of order comes too late, even if
there were anything in it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal from.that
decision.
The question was taken on the appearand the
decision of the Chair was reversed.
So the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved that the
committee rise and report the bill to the House,
with the amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. John Cochrane reported
that the Committee of the Whole oil the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the bill of the House (No. C67)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th of June, I860,
and had directed him to report the same to the
House with sundry amendments, and with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 524) for the relief of Francis
Carver;
An act (H. R. No. 261) for the relief of Leon-
ard Loomis;
An act (H. R. No. 535) for the relief of David
Watson;
An act (H. R. No. 218) for the benefit of the
captors of the British brig Caledonia, in the war
of 1812;
An act (H. R. No. 461) granting an invalid pen-
sion to John Le , of the State of Maine;
An act (H. R. No. 526) for the relief of Fred-
erick Smith;
An act (H. R. No. 496) for the relief of the
representatives of Henry King, deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 273) for the relief of John
F. Cannon; and
An apt (H. R. No. 525) for the relief of Robin-
son "Gammon.
And then, on motion of Mr. HICKMAN, (at
four o'clock and twenty-eight minutes, p. m.,)
the House adjourned to Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 21, 1859.
Prayer by the Rev. M. Aug.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to what IJjelieve to be
a privileged •uestion. I understand the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] entered a mo-
tion to reconsuter the appropriation bill which
was passed on Saturday; and I believe, under
the rules, that is the first thing to be acted on this
morning. I think we ought to act on it. Let us
dispose of that bid at any rate.
Mr. DAVIS. Petitions and reports come first.
Mr. HUNTER. Before that motion to recon-
sider?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
so.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 19th instant, information as to what
changes have been proposed in the armament of
the United States mounted troops, with a view to
economy and increased efficiency of that force on
the frontiers; an estimate of the additional ex-
pense, if any, and the means provided, or neces-
sary to be provided,for paying the same; which,
on motion of Mr. Lane, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Aifairs and the Militia; and a
motion by him to print the report was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memo-
rial of the Chamber of Commerce of St. Louis,
Missouri, and citizens of Shawneetown, Illinois,
praying the establishment of a branch of the
United States mint at St. Louis; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GREEN presented a memorial of the St.
Louis Chamber of Commerce, and of citizens of
Roanoke, Howard county, Missouri, and its .vi-
cinity, praying the establishment of a branch
mint at St. Louis; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS. I present the petition of Thomas
O'Sullivan, asking to be enrolled on the pension
list. His claim is founded on twenty years'faith-
ful service as a soldier of the United States. It
constitutes a case somewhat new in the Senate,
and entitles him, 1 believe, to favorable consider-
ation. Having served until he had passed the
age at \yhich he could be reiinlisted, he was
thrown upon the. world with the mere profession
of a soldier, having lived upon a pay too small
to leave him any means of future support, and
unable, at that period of his life, to commence
labor. With these remarks, 1 move to refer the
petition to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to. *
Mr. STUART presented a petition of citizens
of Newaygo, Michigan, praying the establishment
of a mad route from Newaygo to Greenwood, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens
of St. Cloud, Minnesota, praying the establish-
ment of an overland mail route from the head of
Lake Superior, via St. Cloud and Sauk Rapids, to
Puget Sound, on the route surveyed by Governor
Stevens, in 1853; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has re-
ceived, and will lay before the Senate, a memo-
rial from residents of the parishes of Ascension
and Iberville, in the State of Louisiana, claiming
to be owners of the Houmas lands in that State,
and asking Congress to repeal the act of June 2,
1858, which they deem detrimental to their inter-
ests.
Mr. DIXON. I have been requested by a con-
stituent to ask for the reading of that memorial.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to be a long memo-
rial, and I believe it cannot be read except by the
order of the Senate. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his request. It is important that we
should get at the appropriation bill, which is hung
up here by a motion to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the memorial is a brief one. Does the
Senator from Virginia object to the reading of it ?
Mr. HUNTER. If I "have a right to object, I
do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Connecticut move for its reading?
Mr. DIXON. I make that motion.
Mr. STUART. I submit that a Senator has
not the right to object to the reading of a memo-
rial. Any Senator has a right to have it once
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. I believe that is
the rule.
Mr. HUNTER. Let it be. read. I will not
waste time about a point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the memorial.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
New River, Parish op Ascension,
State of Louisiana, January 19,1859.
To the Honorable Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled:
The undersigned, residents and owners of the Houmas
lands, in the parishes of Ascension and Iberville, in the
State of Louisiana, most respectfully petition your honor-
able bodies:
Whereas a bill was introduced into the United States Sen-
ate, by a Senator of that honorable body, which we find
approved June 2, 1858, the title of which being "An act to
provide for the location of certain confirmed private land
claims in the State of Missouri, and for other purposes
The second section of this bill makes valid a claim in
Louisiana, that, for nearly half a century, previous sessions
of Congress have refused to recognize, and our highest
courts of justice have decreed against.
That the confirmation of this claim by Congress, if un-
disturbed, would reduce to the greatest distress and ruin
about five hundred families in the parishes of Ascension
and Iberville, and who claim to have an incontrovertible
title from the Government of the United States, Spanish
grants, and otherwise.
That at the lime of introducing this bill into Congress,
1:1 order to get the confirmation of such a claim, a suit was
pending in the circuit court of the United States, fifth dis-
trict, Louisiana, to try the validity of the original title, en-
titled " United States vs. Donaldson and Scott;" a suit was
instituted in 1837 or 1828, entitled "Minor vs. Tillottson,"
in winch the Houmas claimants, under the " alleged" grant,
were defeated; and, again, we would most respectfully
submit that the claimants who shield themselves under the
second section of the bill, complained against by this peti-
tion, obtained a " judgment" from the circuit court of the
United Slates, fifth district, Louisiana, in a suit entitled
" United States vs. Daniel Clark et alinstituted 1846;
that pending the suit their pretensions to that claim were
proved fiaudulent, and a judgment rendered that their pat-
ent be annulled.
That we would respectfully submit to your honorable
bodies, foi a full and lucid exposition of all facts referring to
the claim, the report and opinion of the Hon. Nathan Clif-
ft>id, Attorney^General of the United States, to the Presi-
dent, in pursuance of a joint resolution of Congress, 25th
June, 184G, entitled " A resolution in relation to the issuing
of grants of certain lands in Louisiana."
And in conclusion, we ask your honorable bodies to make
such investigation in the premises as you see fit, and peti-
tion for a repeal of that iniquitous bill. And for which, as
in duty bound, we will ever pray.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no motion be
made, the memorial will go to a committee.
Mr. GWIN. I move to lay it on the table.
Mr. STUART. Let it be referred to a com-
mittee.
Mr. GWIN. What committee ?
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Private
Land Claims.
I Mr. GWIN. Then I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT PROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, who were instructed, by
a resolution of the Senate, to inquire into the
propriety of extending, to the center building of
the Capitol, the System of heating, now applied
to the wings, submitted a report accompanied by
a joint resolution (S. No. 81) providing forheat-
ing the center building of the Capitol. The joint
resolution was read, and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked, and by unani-
! mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
! resolution (S. No. 82) to allow a credit to certain
jj disbursing officers therein mentioned; which was
read twice by its title.
!j Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will state that thia
;; joint resolution proposes that a credit shall be
; allowed to certain officers who were charged with
II the disbursement of money for the improvement
'' of the navigation of the Ohio and :
