1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rivers, and with the disbursement of a sum' of-
money appropriated at the same time and by the
same section, to build steamboats and other ma-
chinery necessary for executing the work. It was
found, in the progress of the work, that the ap-
propriation for the necessary machinery cost more
than was estimated, and, in the exigency of the
case, they took the responsibility of applying a
portion of the money that had been appropriated
for the purpose of improving the river, to finish
the boats; the appropriation for that specific ob-
ject being insufficient. This resolution proposes
that credit shall be allowed them for those expend-
itures. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
" The motion was agreed to.
RED RIVER RAFT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senate will
recollect that this Government has made many
efforts to remove the Red river raft. The States
of Louisiana and Arkansas have passed acts of
legislation incorporating a company, by which
they Imve attempted to secure the navigation of
that river through their own exertions. It is very
desirable that they should be aided, so far as to
be granted the-concurrence of Congress to their
action. I present those acts for the purpose of
having them referred Jo the Committee on Com-
merce; and at the same time offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and are
hereby, instructed to inquire into the propriety and neces-
sity of a law of this Government approviii^ and concurring
with certain acts of the States of Louisiana and Arkansas,
concerning the raft of Red river, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
NEGOTIATIONS WITH SPAIN.
Mr. BELL. I present the following resolution,
and ask for its immediate consideration:
Remixed, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if not, in his opin-
ion, incompatible with the public interest, copies of a  the
correspondence addressed to Mr. Marcy, Secretary of State,
in the years 1854 and 1855, by Horatio J. Perry, Secre-
tary of Legation at Madrid, together with copies of the
letters of Mr. Marcy. in reply; and also a copy of an over-
ture for a treaty, made by the Spanish Minister of Foreign
Affairs, which accompanied the correspondence ol Mr.
Perry, together with the programme of a treaty, if any, and
which he described, in a letter to the President, a? con-
ceding immense benefits to our commerce, and securing
the prompt and complete protection of the political, reli-
gious, and social rights of our citizens, in future, in every
portion of the Spanish domain, in consideration for similar
benefits conceded to Spanish subjects and their commerce
by the United States."
Mr. MASON. Let it go over.
Mr. BELL. I want to appeal to the Senator
from Virginia. Does he mean to block this in-
quiry ?
I
Mr. MASON. Let the resolution go over,
obiect to its consideration to-day.
Mr. BELL. Unless it can be acted on to-day
it can be of no service, I suppose, in the further
discussion of the important subject to which it
relates. I trust the Senator from Virginia will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. MASON. I am sorry I cannot do it. X
make the objection out of no sort of discourtesy
to the honorable Senator; but I think we had bet-
ter examine the resolution a little. _ _
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution lies over.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
bv Mr. Allest, its Clerk, announced that the
House insists upon its disagreement to certain
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
664) making appropriations for the current ana
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June dU, iobU;
agrees to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. A. B. Greenwood, of
Arkansas, Mr. J. S. Morrill, of Vermont, and
Mr. Samuel A. Smith, of Tennessee, managers
at the same, on its part.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No 667) making ap-
propriations for the support of the, Armyfor the
year ending the 30th of June, 1860; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. "
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 455) for the relief of Samuel A. Fairchild;
and it was signed by the Vice President.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I must now submit my mo-
tion to take up the motion to reconsider the bill
which we acted upon on Saturday. We ought to
finish something; and I understand it can only
come up by my calling it up now. I move to
take it up.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I appeal to the Senator
from Virginia to let us get through with the re-
ports. It is very likely that the motion to which
he refers will cause discussion,and -he will there-
by defeat the very object he has in view, to get
through with something. I think we had much
better get through with the ordinary morning
business, and then I am sure the Senator can get
the floor for the purpose of making his motion.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Arkansas
can get his reports in to-morrow, but this is the
only chance we have to get this question acted
on. We want to send the bill back to the House
at once.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The morning business
will only occupy a few minutes. I hope the Sen-
ator will allow us to present petitions and reports.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot give way. I must
submit the question to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the Senate take up the motion to
reconsider the vote passing the bill (H. R. No.
666) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1860.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is, will the Senate reconsider the vote passing the
Mi-
Mr. FITCH. Can a motion be made to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table, without car-
rying the bill with it ? My object in asking the
question is to make the motion, in order to cut
off debate, if it can be made without carrying the
bill with it. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the rule of the Senate is different from that of the
House of Representatives in that respect.
Mr. S-TUART. That motion would certainly
carry the bill with it.
Mr. FITCH. I am satisfied.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President 
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will allow me a
moment. The reconsideration is for the purpose,
as I understand, of introducing the amendment of
the Senator from Rhode Island. He wished to
try the sense of the Senate upon it, but I think
when he comes to find that the practice of the
Department has been what I stated it on Satur-
day to be, merely to give the minister the gold
dollar at the place where he resides, and that he
is allowed in the way of exchange only the actual
expense of taking it to the place, he will scarcely
press his motion for a reconsideration. In order
to prove that that is the case, I want to read the
circular of the Treasury Department on that very
matter, which shows that the minister is paid in
the gold coin of the United States, according to the
value of the gold dollar, and the Government as- (
sumesto put the gold dollar at the place at which .
he resides, which it can do either by carrying it ,
there, or by paying the actual expense which it ,
takes to get it there. 1 think this circular will put ,
an end to the question: _ i
[Circular.] j
Treasury Department, ;
Comptroller's Office, October 1,1808. i
To   ? United States of - : 1
Sir: The Secietary of the Treasury having decided that
when payments are made to our foreign ministers, consu  ,
TommS agents, &c., &c., for salary by means of drafts I
drawn m the foreign countries where they are accredited ;
andlocated, they shall be entitled to payment m a gold or
adver currency of equal value to the gold coinage paid ,
at thp United States Treasury; and also, that only *>uch ,
charges forTosses by exchange as shall be shown to have i
been actually and necessarily sustained m the negotiation ,
or sale ofsuoii drafts will be allowed at the Treaty* '  
become necessary to prescribe forms of certificates eoi
iog to these decisions, and, as far as practicable, to establish
fixed and uniform standards of value for the various fpreiga
coins in which such drafts may be paid.
You are therefore instructed that hereafter, in making tip
your accounts, you will be" required to present vouehersia
accordance with the forms herewith, containing an exam-
ple, and exhibiting:
First. The date of draft}
Second. The amount of draft in the United' States cur-
rency ; , •
Third. Gross amount of draft in foreign currency;,. .
Fourth. The me of exchange 5
Fifth. The cost of negotiation or sale of draft;
Sixth. The net proceeds in foreign turrency j
Seventh; The net proceeds in United Stalescurrency;,
Eighth. Upon whom and on what account drawn;
And in estimating the relative value of the foreign curfency,
in which you may receive the proceeds of yonr drafts to the
gold coinage of tbe United States, you will %se the value
placed upon the same in the table given belowj namely:
Table of foreign coins, with their equivalents in United
States currency, gold valuation, prepared at the request of
the Comptroller of the Treasury, November, 1857.
Austria Specie dollar...Silver.,
"  Florin  " •.
Brazil Double milreis..
Belgium..
D.C.M.
. 1 02 5
. 51 2
. I 02 5
Franc Gold   19 2
   "  Silver   19 6
Bremen Rix dollar Money of account, 75 0
Buenos Ayres... Doubloon.  Gold  15 50 0
Central America,Dollar Silver   1 00 0
Chili  " Old      106 0
«  " new  "   "
China  Tael Money of account, 1 48 0
Denmark Speciedaler....Silver  X 10 7
«  Riga-bank daler. "    55 3
England Sovereign Gold  4 84 8
France Franc  "    ^
«  20-francpiece.. " being....... o'84t>
«  Franc Silver   19 6
GermanyNorthjThaler......... "   0
" South,Florin  "   £17
Hamburg Marc- banco.. <. Money ol account, 37 O
India Rupee..... Silver  46 6
.. Star pagado — Gold     1 81 j*
.. T,ir.i Silver   171
1 06 2
1 00 5
• 07 5
2 48 O
Lombardy...... Lira Silver
Mexico Dollar  44
Naples Scudo  "
«  Carhn  "
Onzia, (ounce).Gold
83 O
41 4
1 10 7
95 0
1 06 O
1 18 0
72 0
« ^  1 06 0
79 4
19 6
05 0
4 96 3
1 01 5
1 11 4
• 04 4
27 7
« ......... Ducat  Money ofaccount,
Netherlands... .Guilder v.. Silver,
Norway  Specie daler.... " .
Peru Dollar, new  " .
£.    K Old.. . ... " «
Portugal Milreis  " .
Prussia Thaler.. .'.
Rome Scudo 
Russia Rouble    
Sardinia Franc or lira.... "  • ••••
Spam Real vellon  "  
<c ...... r...New doubloon..Gold   •
< New Peninsula Silver, (peso of >
 \ dollar, 20 reals,) 5
Sweden   Specie daler... .Silver  
Turkey     • Piastre Gold or silver 
Tuscany   Florin Silver 
N B. Four of the above, being moneys of account only,
are estimated by their
Director of the Mint*
Mint of the United States,
Philadelphia, November 12,18o7.
As United States diplomatic and consular officers are in-
structed to tian&mit their accounts % contingent, miscel-
laneous, and authorized expenses, in the cwrency of the
United States, and to draw their drafts for the reimburse-
mentof the same, not in foreign money of account or cur-
rencv. but for its equivalent m money of the United states,
the same rule will apply, and the same vouchers will be
required to accompany, in all cases, this class of accounts.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
5 ' J , j Comptroller.
Mr. GWIN. I want to raise a point of order.
It is stated here that a motion to lay this motion
to reconsider on the table carries the bill with it.
If that is the decision of the Chair, I want to ap-
PtThe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair made
no decision whatever. The Senator from Indi-
ana withdrew his motion. .
Mr. GWIN. I ask if I make a motion to lay
this motion to reconsider on the table, whet lerit
carries the bill with' it or not? If we lay the.mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.^will not the bill
be sent to the other House?
The VICE PRESIDENT- The ;Senator f rom-
California can make the motion. The Chair will
then determine whether it is 111 order.
Mr GWIN I make the motion, lheben-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] made a motion
some time ago to lay the motion to reconsider the
Pacific railroad bill on the table; and he atoted
that if his motion prevailed, it would cairy the
bill with it. If that be the case, and sucli is the
decision of the Chair, I want to appeal.- .
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the Senator will not
nress that point of order.
Mr. GWIN1. I want to stop debate. •
