94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
to our railroad companies, who will be benefited
by the use of a better quality. Wo have seen that
an ad valorem duty of tinny per cent, on the aver-
age price iis the Now York maiket, for the last
five years, will be $9 96. I venture to say that the
iron masters will be content with a specific duty
of nine dollars per ton on pig iron, and of eighteen
dollars per ton on bars.
I move that the usual number of copies of this
memorial be printed for the use of the Senate,
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will,
under the rule, go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
subsequently reported in favor of printing the
memorial; and the motion was agieed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, Tliat the petitfon and papers of the heirs of
Stephen Moylan, deceased, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Ordered, That lhe petition and paper's of Mrs. Emily L.
Slaughter, widow of Commander Slauchter^ of the United
States Navy, praying for a pension, on the files of the Sen-
aie, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BAYA RD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom were referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 13) in relation to certain liabilities
assumed by the State of Wisconsin, and three
memorials of the Legislature of Wisconsin, pray-
ing the adoption of such measures as will secure
to that State the amount due from the soles of
public lands therein, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration, and that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Milwaukee and
Rock River Canal Company, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the hill (S. No.
469) to equalize the compensation of the Minis-
ters to France and England during the periods
therein mentioned, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, to
whom was referred the resolution offered by.Mr.
Bell, providing for an allowance to the unmar-
ried daughters of Isaac Holland, late Assistant
Doorkeeper, of $150 for funeral expenses and an
amount equal to one quarter's salary of the de-
ceased, reported in favor of the resolution; and it
was adopted.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee cm Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the re-
port of the Secretary of the interior relative to
expenditures by the Government in the District
of Columbia, the number and value of lots and of
those now owned by the United States in the city
of Washington, and the estimated value of pri-
vate property m said city, reported m favor of the
motion; and it was agreed to.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. IVERSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bid to allow back pay to
certain officers of the Navy, who were dropped
or put on the furlough list, by the action of the
late retiring naval board, and who have been sub-
sequently restored or placed on the " leave list."
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BIGLER, in pursuance of previous notice,;
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. |
No. 472) for the relief of Henry G. Carson, ad- !
mimstrator of Curtis Grubb, deceased; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary CIa;ms.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask that the resolution
in regard to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, which I
offered on Monday, be now taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for the yuas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS— Me^r^.Batc-s, Bayard, Benjamin, nmler.IJiown,
Clay, Ohngrnan, Davis, Fitzpatnck, Green, Houston, Iver-
sonyJohnsoft of Tennessee, Jones, Polk, Reid, Rice, Seb&3- .
tian, Shields, Shdell, Stuart, Toombs, Waid, and Wright
—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Broderick, Cameron, Chandler, Colla-
mer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doo!ittfe,Durkee, Fessenden.Foot,
Foster, Gvvin, Hale, Hamlin, Hammond, nai1an>(]uiitct,
King, Mason, Pearce, Seward, Simmons,Tiiimbull,Wade,
and Wilson—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senate to take up a
bill from the Ho-use of Representatives, which
was passed by that body at the last session. I
allude to the bill (II. R. No. 2) donating public
lands to the several States and Teiritories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts.
Mr. GWIN. At one o'clock, the unfinished
business must be taken up, which is the Pacific
railroad bill; and I think the Senator had better
wait until(hat time. His bill will certainly lead to
a good deal of discussion if it be brought up. I
wish the Senate to take up the Pacific railroad'bill
at one o'clock.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I wish to say to the
Senator from Michigan, that I have received a
communication from the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Pugh,] in which he informs me that circumstances
over which he has no control have detained him
at home, and that he will be, in all probability,de-
tained for several days yet. He feels an interest
in this bill; I think he was a member of.the Com-
mittee on Public Lands when the bill was before
that committee. He requested me, when the bill
should bo brought up, to say to the Senate that
he wanted to be heard, and heard fullyon it, and
that it would be out of his powei to be here sooner,
perhaps, than the last of the month. I suppose
these facts were not known to the Senator from
Michigan, for I feel assured that if they, were
known to him, he would not ask the Senate to
take up the bill and have action on it before the
Senator from Ohio could be heard on the subject.
Under the circumstances, I trust the Senator from
Michigan will not insist on the bill being taken
up and discussed at the present time.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, if I under-
stand the Senator fiom Alabama, he states that
the Senator from Ohio does not expect to be here
until tho last of this month. On the very first
day of the session, I gave notice to the Senate
that I should cull this bill up, as soon as the Senate
should be usually full. I gave the notice in order
that Senators who desired to speak on the sub-
ject, or to vote on it, might have a reasonable op-
portunity to be here; but I certainly think it
would be very unreasonable to ask me to post-
pone calling for the consideration of this bill
until the lastof this month, thus disposing of one
third of the session, in order to give the Senator
from Ohio an opportunity to bo heard against it.
If this were the long session, the application now
made would present a very different case; but to
take one third of the whole session, it seems to
me, is asking a courtesy that, however much I
should be glad to oblige the Senator, would be
really omitting a proper discharge of my own
duty.
Now, one word, sir, in regard to the suggestion
that fell from the Senator fi om California. I think
it is perhaps tacitly understood that the Pacific
railroad question may go over until Monday. If
there be any conflict of opinion upon that point,
it will be time enough to decide it when the hour
arrives for taking up that bill; but I think, per-
haps, the Senator will find that the friends of the j
measure will prefer that it should go over until |
Monday. What I desire is, on my part, and I i
think I may speak for the friends of this bill gen- |
erally, not a discussion upon the question, but a j
vote upon it. As a matter of course, Scnatois jj
who are opposed to it will take their own time to
deliver their views on the subject, but I hope we
may get a very early vote upon the question.
T will recur again for an instant to the point on
which I first spoke, simply to say to my friend
from Alabama, that I would go as far as my sense
of public duty would permit me to oblige the
Senator from Ohio, or any other gentleman here;
but 1 really think that, inasmuch as he is not to
be here until the last of this month, it would not
be a proper discharge of my duty as chairman of
the committee to accede to his request. I hope
the Senate will agree to take up the bill. #
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Michigan, that the Senator from Ohio
is detained by sickness; not, to be sure, in his
immediate family, but in his family connections.
He informs me that, unless there be an absolute
necessity for his being here, he does not know
that he can conic sooner than the time I before
mentioned; but he will endeavor to get here as
soon as possible. He feels a deep interest in this
bill. I am not on the Committee on Public Ifnds,
and hence will not undertake to speak authorita-
tively of what occurred inthat committee; but,if
I understand the case correctly, the bill to which
the Senator alludes never received the sanction
of a majority of that committee, of which the Sen-
ator from Ohio was a member. It is a bill of
great importance, one which he says should be
discussed and thoroughly understood before it
receives the sanction of the Senate. In addition
to the absence of the Senator from Ohio, the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] who is also
a member of that committee, is detained at home
in consequence of the indisposition of a member
of his family.
It seems to me that with these facts before the
Senate with regard to a bill which did not receive
the sanction of the Committee on Public Lands,
when two of the members of the committee who
oppose the bill are absent, and one of them ex-
presses an anxiety to be heard upon the bill, it
would not be fair, nor would it be in accordance
with the usual courtesy of the Sencvte, to force the
body to action upon it. We all know that before
the holidays there is not much important business
transacted—especially not business of a general
character. Local matters are taken up, and mat-
ters of imperious necessity; but here is a bill that
proposes to grant a vast quantity of land to the
several States to endow colleges, which is not
sanctioned by a majority of the Committee on
Public. Lands, and two members of that committee
absent, one of whom desires to be heard upon it.
It does seem to me that the Senate ought not to
force action on this bill until the Senator who is
anxious to be heard can be informed of the fact.
I shall inform him as early as convenient, and
when the Senate come to some conclusion, let my
friend from Ohio know what is the action of the
Senate on the subject.
Mr. SHIELDS. I beg leave to state to the
honorable Senator who has charge of this bill,
that Minnesota was a Territory when the bill was
introduced, and there was, therefore, no provis-
ion in the bill for her, as I understand. It is ne-
cessary that there should be some examination of
that matter. I have not had time to prepare an
amendment to satisfy that case, and consequently
I am hardly prepared to act on the bill now.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, if we give all
the weight that can be justly claimed for the ar-
guments of the Senators from Alabama and Min-
nesota, they only go against a decision on the
merits of this bill to-day. 1 see very little reason
to believe that if the bill was taken up and de-
bated, we should be able to reach a decision to-
day. I do not see the least reason on earth why
the bill, if it is ever to be brought up, should not
be brought up now, and let those who desire to
debate if, have an opportunity to do so. It will
be then time enough to consider the propositions
made to postpone it for the convenience of those
Senators who may not be prepared for the final
vote, or who, being absent, may wish to be here
before it is finally passed. I hope the bill will be
taken up.
Mr. MASON. I have understood generally—
other Senators are better informed upon the sub-
ject—that the probability is that the friends of
the bill introduced by the Senator from Califor-
nia may desire to lay n over until some day next
week. But whether that be done or not, I shall
feel it incumbent on me to ask the Senate to-day,
at as early an hour as practicable, to proceed to
the consideration of executive business. There
are some matters of urgent necessity requiring
to be acted upon in executive session, which may
occupy an hour or two, or possibly more; and if
it is agreeable to the honorable Senator from Cal-
ifornia, I will make that motion now. I shall
ask the Senate of necessity to go into executive
session at a sufficiently early hour to dispatch
what the public business seems to require. I
believe, however, that there is a question pending.
Mr. SEWARD. Let us have the question on
taking up this bill.
