1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. MASON. I cannot move for an executive j
session now, there being a motion pending to take i
ur> a bill. ;
Mr. STUART and Mr. FITZPATRICK called'j
for the yeas and nays on the motion; and they
were ordered. i
Mr. KALE. As the yeas and nays have been I
ordered, I feel bound to say that, although I am j
a friend to this bill, and desire to secure its pas- ;
sage, I shall vote against taking it up now, be-
cause I do not think there is time for it at present,
and I do not consider it fair to the Senator from
California, who has another measure pending
which is of great importance.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Stuart's motion, resulted—yeas 24, nays
24; as follows: \\
YEAS Messrs. Allen, Bell, Brodrrick. Chandler, Colla-
mer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolmlc, Durkee, Fessenden, j
Foot, T<Mer, IJamiin, Ilarlan, Kmneriy, Kins, Reward*'J
ShiokK Simmons, Stuait, Trumbull, Wado, Wilson, and
Wnabt—24.
3VAY.S—Messrs. Bates, Benjamin, Ciller, Clay, Cling- i
man, Ddvi>, Fuel). FjlApati ick. Green, (iwm, Hal<", I lain- i
mond, Hiu.ter, Jvci^-on. Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, ;
Mason, Polk, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Slide!!, Toomb?, and i
Ward—24.
The Senate being equally divided, the Yice
President voted in the negative.
So the Senate refused to proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate pro- ,
ceed now to the consideration of executive busi- j
ness.
Mr. DxWIS. I ask the Senator from Virginia i
to postpone that motion long- enough to enable us j
to take up the Calendar and dispose of those cases j
t on which adverse reports Ifave been made. We j
weekly print the order of business, and I find that j
there is a constant reprinting of the titles of bills j
on which adverse reports have been made. Prob- j
ably, in some cases on which I made adverse j
reports myself, the expense of this continual re-
printing has exceeded the amount claimed, and
we had better pay the money to the claiman t than
pay it to the Printer for constantly repeating on
the order of business the names of bills and the
adverse ieports made upon tliem. I should be
glad to have them disposed of during this week,
so as to avoid the expense of reprinting them for
next week.
Mr. MASON. I would yield with great pleas-
ure to the honorable Senator; but there are so
many of those adverse reports that I am now in-
formed that even reciting them by their titles will
occupy a considerable time. Perhaps we had bet- '
ter take some interval when it can be done with
greater convenience.
* Mr. SEWARD. With the leave of the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, I wish to ask the
chairman of the select committee 011 the Pacific
railroad—the Senator from California—whether
he assents to this motion to go into executive ses-
sion, and whether he intends to call up the Pa-
cific railroad bill to-morrow r .
Mr. GWIN. I believe it is in order at all times j
to move that the Senate go into executive ses- t
sion, without disturbing the order of business, i
The Pacific railroad bill is now the unfinished ;
business of yesterday; and if we go into exeou- i
tive session at this time, it will come up to-mor- .
row at one o'clock, as the unfinished business, j
Mr. SEWARD. You intend to call it up
then ?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Pacific rail-
road bill is no At properly before the Senate as the
unfinished business of yesterday; but the Chan
understood the Senator from Virginia to appeal
to the Senator fiom California to allow him to
make the motion'for an executive session, and
that motion is the pending question. _
Mr. MASON. The Senator from California
assented to it. It does not derange the order ot
business. , . ,
Mr. GWIN". No;it docs not derange the orin r
of business. The railroad bill will come up to-
morrow. , a
Mr. Mason's motion was agreed to; ana tin.
Senate proceeded to the consiileiation of execu-
tive business; and after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and t.ie Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 15, 1858.
be:
l] IMPEACHMENT OF JGDG.E WATROUS.
I1 The House then resumed theconsideration of
Ji the resolutions submitted by the two branches of
The House met at twelve o'clock,m. Prayer >' the Committee on the Judiciary; on which the
by Rev. G. W. Dorjeiance. j; gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]'was en-
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and approved. titled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. In compliance
with the promise I made yesterday, I propose to
address myself to the House this morning for a
very brief space of time. An analysis of all the
facts set forth in the voluminous mass of evi-
dence before us would require too much ume.
That is not my object. It would be useless to do
so. But there are some matters connected with
the subject I wish to be heard upon. This is the
first case of impeachment which has ever come
directly before me, since I have been a member of
this House, for consideration and action. I shall,
in what I say, attempt to down somegeneral
principles by which my ownconductshall begov-
erned in this and all like cases. I feel it due to
myself, due to the party, due to the country, and
also due to the House.
It has been said in this debate that this is the
first instance of impeachment, in this country, of
a judicial officer, where there has been an impu-
tation upon his integrity and honesty—where cor-
ruption has been charged. I believe that is true.
It is a matter of congratulation to us, looking at
our past history; and I think the same cannot be i
said of any other country upon earth with a his-
tory as long as ours. This of itself gives an in-
terest to th question before us, which,in its very
nature, is one of the gravest character, The
power we are called upon to exercise is a great
one. It is a wise power; it is a right power; it is
a just power; and it ought to be justly exercised.
We are acting, however, under limited powers;
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
te SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, kid .
ethe House a communication from the Post- j
master General, transmitting copies of contracts j
entered into for the transportation of the mails to |
foreign countries; which was referred to the Com- j
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and j
ordered to be printed. j
Also, a communication from the Secretary of j
State, asking for authority to pay th® salaries of j
certain foreign ministers out of balances of former t
appropriations; which was referred to the Coin- ;
m 1 ttee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be ,
printed. |
 ' CHANGE OF TARIFF. j
Mr. COMINS. I give notice that I shall, on i
some early day, introduce a bill regulating the
duties on impoits, and for other purposes, with
a view of increasing the rate of duties as to sev-
eral of the schedules under the present law, of
levying specific duties upon iron and several other
articles to which they can be properly applied.
Mr. BOWIE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolutions; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Agriculture:
Joint resolution in relation to the tobacco trade of the Cni-
! ted States with foreign nations.
) Resolved by the Senate and House of Rcpresentatiresof
the United States of America, in Congie.s assembled, That
I the trade 111 tobacco with Great Britain, France, i?pmn, l>or-
| tnnai, Austria, Biazil, and all otlifr foreign nations, 13
I cloemd with restrictions and limitation*, wholly lncomiit 1 1 1 j„ i™„,„ ,u„t I skm.lil h vp
I em with that fair and leciprocal condition oi commerce |i and I do not know that 1 should have adm eased
I winch oii"lit to exist between the United States and those ;i the House at all, had it not been tor principles
I nations lespectively; and is, therefore, unsatisfactory to the . | atl(] doctrines advanced by some gentlemen, by
I Stall'!, of Virginia, Kentucky, Mdi viand, Nonh C'liohiia, .j j ;ch g sJ10u!d be governed, to which I do not
! Missnim, Tennessee, Ohio, and Connecticut, in viwii the_; | " *  ■= s >
1 article of tobacco is an lmpoitant, if not the chiet staple, ot , assent.   
a«Ticuituiai production. \\ "What offenses are impeachable, ooroe gen-
a- ' -   ' 1 m''' '   -<■ - iVVlciri iltivp t lint "misdemeanor" is a
Sec. 2. Be itfurther resolved, That it is the duty of the : t|emen have argued that
Federal Government to use its utmost power, by ncsotia-] j
tions or other constitutional'means, to obtain a roodifioa- ||
tion or reduction 011 the part 01'said foreign nations, of the I
dunes and restrictions imposed by them on the importation !,
of American tobacco, and to this end to employ all tile dtpio- ^
tnatie and commercial powers ivhieh the Constitution lias
con(ificii to it, m producing amore just and equal iccipro- ,:
city in a trade so deeply involving the value of that portion •
of the agricultural labor of the country in which at least
one fourth of the Confederacy is concerned. h
Sec. 3. Beit further resolved, That the treaties ot the
United States with China and Japan present a lair and lit- :
ting occasion tor the enlargement and e.\tension of the to- , ■
bacco mule of the United States, and it is the duly of the
i Government of the United States to use all their exertions ,j
within the limits of constitutional power, to foster and en- 'j
courage the introduction ot American tobacco as ail aiticle ,'
of urc among the people of those nations
      misdemeanor'
term in the Constitution used,m contradistinction
to that conduct known as "good behavior,"
during which a judge can hold his ofiice. To
demean is to behave, and to misdemean is to mis-
behave; and any misbehaviour is a misdemeanor
—that is their argument. I do not, sir, agree to
that construction of the word " misdemeanor" in
that clause of the Constitution under which we
are acting. The Constitution authorizes us to
impeach for " treason, bribery, and other high
crimes 01-misdemeanors." What is to be under-
stood by thifj term " misdemeanor?" _ Is it what-
evera majority of this House, ora majority of the
s..  -- - Senate at any one time may think is misbehavior ?
Sec. 4. Beit further resolved,.That diplomatic negotia- , [ tliinlc not. From the days of magna ckarta 111
 .1- r> I I T?,.or.r. CJn.uri rillH A 11 Ctrl n . n « U'pll 3 5 I 1 1 I 1.    : *1. ITv^fs'x-J Ofntnrt
tions with England, France. Spam, and Austria, as well as
with China and Japan, ouglu to be commenced as soon as
piactieabiG, by the Government ot' the United State*, with
the view of obtaining a modification of the existing sys-
tetns of icvenue and taxat'on ot those nation?, in respect
to Ameucan tobacco; and for this purpose instructions
ought to be given to our foreign minister'', consuls, and
commercial agents tn those nations by the Executive of
the United Stare-*, to use ail tlieir constitutional and legiti-
mate functions m pioduemtjeo de.-uabie a result.
APPOINTMENT OF MIDSHIPMEN.
3\lr. H UG-HES. I ask the consent of the House
to introduce a biil to provide for the appointment
of midshipmen in the Navy where vacancies occur
under the provisions of the law now in force.
Mr. GROW. I objcct.
England, and much more so in the (Jmted States
j under our Constitution, no man can be deprivad
i of life, liberty, or property, " ant aliqno modo
j distriiaturor in any other manner be injured
,! in his estate or reputation) but by the judgment of
! his peers, and the laws oj the land. The offense
11 must not merely exist in the breasts of a majority
'! —questions of propriety, questions of what may
i be deemed good behavior or not; but it must be
';! some offense known to the law or Constitution;
1 and I will lay down the broad principle that the
offense, to be impeachable, must be within one or
:i the other of the classes of acts, known to the
> law either as mala prohibiia, or mala in se.
I ]Vow  sir, some iiave asked it no act is impeach-
Mr. HLGrHli&. Due notice has been &iven. ,, ^ Houge except SUch as violate some
The SPEAKER. The bill cannot be intro- ,■ g(amte ofthe Umted States? I am free to say that
statute Oi     ,   ?
my individual opinion is tbatnoneothers are; and
before you try a man for violating law, you must
make thelaw,ordeclareit; and where there is no
law, there is no sin. Either in the Divine or hu-
man codes, where there is no law there can he no
Mr REAGAN. I ask the consent of the House j transgression. No man ought to1 be^
that Senate insolation (No. 54) for changing the j and trfd"but ft is noTneces
plan of the custom-house in Galveston, in the State £
of Texas, which was pas£U>y th^e„o« a d y f= u, „rp the. ^ J ^ J?
rluceil if objection bo made.
Mr. HUGHES. Then I take this occasion to
say, that*T shall hereafter object to everything
winch requires unanimous consent.
GALVESTON CUSTOM-HOUSE.
sent here a few days ago,
referred.
Mr. BRYAN. The bill is merely to change the
plan of a custom-house within my district, and I
hope it will be referred to the Committee on Com-
| '"The biil was read a second time, and referred
! to the Committee on Commerce.
tlO V ^ "" v ,  
... the precedents of our past Government,it has
! not been practically recognized, and for all es®eQb
tial purposes, so far as this case is concerned, it
is not necessary to do so. This,however,is the
commencement of a criminal prosecution, and it
j must be prosecuted according to the known rule
| 0f jaw as recognized by the precedents, at least;
