96
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15.
and according to them it must be for a violation
of some one or more of the great principles of the
common law.
This, I state, is the practice of the Government,
and I do not care to deviate from it in this case.
It is settled by the highest authority; and I refer
the House to what Judge Story has said upon
the subject, in his treatise upon the Constitution
of the tTnited States. I believe it will be admitted
that this eminent jurist, of whom our country
may well be proud, of whose fame this generation
may be proud, whose name extends wherever
civilization extends and civil jurisprudence has a
foothold, was highly federal enough. That he
was in favor of giving the Government quite as
much power as it ought to possess, I think will
be conceded. Now, in considering the power of
impeachment, and the offenses which are impeach-
able, he says: #
"The next inquiry is, what are impeachable ofien&s?
They are ' treason, bribery, or other high crimes and mis-
demeanors.' For the definition of tieason, resort may be
had to the Constitution itself; but for the definition of bri-
bery, resortis naturally and necessarily had to the common
law; for that, as the common basis of our jurisprudence, can
alone furnish the proper exposition of the nature and limits
of this offense.
" The only practical question is, what are to be deemed
high crimes and misdemeanors? Now, neither the Consti-
* tution nor any statute of the United States has in any man-
ner defined any crimes, except treason and bribery to be
high crimes and misdemeanors, and as such impeachable.
j In what manner, then, are they to be ascertained ?"
He goes on to say that they are to be ascer-
tained by the common law; and I beg leave to
read particular parts of what he does say:
"It is the boast of English jurisprudence—and without
the power of impeachment would bean intolerable griev-
ance—that in tuuls of impeachment the law differs not in
essentials from ciiminal prosecutions befoie inlerior
courts."
Some gentlemen have argued this case as if it
was not in the nature of a criminal prosecution.
In my judgment it is a criminal prosecution of the
very highest order; in England it is undoubtedly
so, because the loss of the life cf the party was
often the result of the judgment. It is true, that
in our Constitution we have limited it; with us,
the result of a conviction is disqualification from
holding office. It is, nevertheless, here as there,
as Judge Story says, in the nature of a criminal
prosecution. Now, mark you:
" The same rules of evidence, the same legal notions of
crime and punishment prevail."
"The same legal notions of crime." Gentle-
men said yesterday that any conduct which would
disqualify a party from occupying a seat on the
bcnch, is misbehavior. What, sir, is misbeha-
vior ? What different notions people have on the
subject—it is often a matter of tgste. " De
gustibus 11011 est dispulandixm^ is an old maxim.
There is nothing that there is more difference of
opinion about, than what constitutes misbeha-
vior, or good behavior. Rut to go on:
" Impeachments are not framed to alter the law, hut to
carry it into more eUeetual execution where it might beob-
fetiuotfd by the influence of too powerful delinquent-., or
not easily discerned m the ordinary r*otir«.e of jiiiu-dtetion,
by reason of the peculiar quality of the alleged cnmes."
Again:
u It seems, then, to be the settled doctuneof a high couit
of impeachment, that though the common law cannot be a
foundation of a jurisdiction not given by the Constitution
oi laws, that jurisdiction, when given, attaches, and !•> to
he exercised according to the rules of the common law;
and that what are and what are not high crimes and mis-
demeanors, is to be ascertained by a recurrence to that great
basis of American juuspiudence."
Judge Story did not go to the extent of the
Federal doctrine, that there is an American com-
mon law under which indictments may be found;
but he says that the common law is our guide, and
that when the statute is silent on an offense in
the high court of impeachment, rules to ascertain
the nature and extent of crimes have to be de-
termined by that great basis of American juris-
prudence.
Now, sir, one more extract, and I will drop
this authority, for it is uniform:
" It is not every offense which, by the Constitution, is so
impeachable ; it is not every offense even against the com-
mon Laic that is impeachable ; it must not only bean offense,
but a hi%h crime and misdemeanor."
That is what Judge Story says. We are first
W determine the offense according to the princi-
ples of common law, and then it must be a high
crime and misdemeanor under that. To this ex-
tent he lays down the rule, and on this principle
I shall consider this case. These are the general
principles I intent! to apply to the facts of this
case.
All that he has said in this debate about the
purity of the bench, and the importance of pre-
serving the judicial robes unsullied and untar-
nished, I fully concur in. Every word that ha§
been uttered on that point I indorse, f would
have the ermine of your judges as unstained as
my honorable friend near me, [Mr. Vallah^j-
ham,] who declaimed so eloquently on that theme
the other day; and if there was a. single fact in the
case which led me to believe that the purity of
the bench had been tainted in the person of Judge
Watrous, I would not withhold my vote to send
this case as charged—that he is guilty of having
used a forged instrument knowingit to be forged—
to the Senate.
What, then, are the accusations and what are
the facts ? 1 propose, Mr. Speaker, to present to
this House succinctly the gist of this accusation.
I will not undertake to detail all the minutvf of
the case, but merely the strong points—those on
which the impeachment must or ought to stand or
fall. I am not giving my views to the House for
the purpose of influencing any gentleman's mind;
I am only giving the views which govern my own
action. 1 have drawn from the memorial of the
parties the gist of what I consider to be the accu-
sations in this case.
First, there is the memorial of Spencer, stating
that, in ltJ50,Watrous, while judge of the United
States court "for the district of Texas, purchased
or acquired an interest, secretly and under cover of
another man's namt, in a certain eleven-league
grant of land in Texas, with the understanding
and intention of litigating and determining the va-
lidity of said eleven-leagne grant in the Federal
court of Texas, of which he was the sole presid-
ing judge.
That is the gist of the first charge. Well, Mr.
Speaker, if that were true, I do not hesitate to say
that, according to the principles laid down, we
ought to vote to have this case sent instantly to
the Senate, and the Senate ought instantly to con-
vict him, or as soon as the charge could be proved.
1 do not hesitate to say that notwithstanding this
is not an indictable offense by the statutes of the
United States, it would be by the common law a
high crimeand misdemeanor;andifhe were guilty
of it he ought to be impeached on those princi-
ples. Buthow stands the fact? The allegation is
that Judge Watrous became interested, secretly
and covertly, in a certain title, with the purpose
of litigating it in his own court. If there was one
particle of evidence, from the beginning to the end
of this case, establishing that charge, I have not
read it. lie with others bought a tract of land;
that is true. But I have not seen ..any evidence
that he intended to litigate the title in his own
court. In the whole volume of evidence—that
seems to have been a drag-net, bringing up every-
thing—there is not a particle of evidence which I
have yet seen that he either acquired his interest
secretly, or intended to litigate the case in his own
court. So far as the charge of secrecy is concerned,
the testimony shows that quite a number of per-
sons knew of the purchase at the time it was made;
Judge Hughes, of Texas, knew it, and Mr. Love,
the clerk, testifies that he knew it from common
hearsay.
And then as to the intention of adjudicating the
validity of his own title in his own court, the tes-
timony shows that even before the writs were filed,
when he first saw them in the clerk's office, he
spoke of his interest. Here is the testimony:
(i Mr. Love, sworn, says: He [Judge Watrous] came into
my office at the tune the writs weie~being issued, I think,
anri sauLin pubatunce,' this is one of my cases ; I am in-
terested in this ease. You will lose your fees, because they
will have to go elsewhere to be tried.' "
The same fact he disclosed and spoke of openly
in court at the April term, to which they were re-
turned in 1851. There is not a particle of evi-
dence going to show that he ever concealed the
fact from mortal man. The allegation is attempted
to be sustained only by persons who never heard
of it; and who cares for the testimony of a hun-
dred thousand witnesses of that character ? Not
only the clerk, but the record shows that this his
interest was announced in court, and he refused
to act or pass orders in those cases involving the
validity of his title. There is not, then, one par-
ticle of evidence to show that there ever was an
intention that his interest should be concealed.
But, Mr. Speaker, it was argued yesterday that
the conduct of Judge Watrous was fraudulent
and corrupt because he made the purchase with a
View coiTupJiy t<xtransfer the case from Texas to
New ^f1i®%t53?hB4;evMgnce conclusively and
•eom'plet^iy'refufes ihe'^i charge of intending to
try it himself, and the argument now is, that he
corruptly bought the land in ordep, that the case
might be transferred to another State? The ori-
ginal accusation against him failed, and now'he
js pursued with a distinct disavowal of the ori-
ginal ground of accusation with another wholly
inconsistent with the first.
Well, sir, League, according to his evidence,
was a non-resident of Texas, and the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] said yesterday that he
was a partner with Watrous, and that the title was
given to Lapsley, in order to get the case into the
Federal court Now, Mr. League, himself, was
a. non-resident, and had a right to bring the case
in the Federal court. Is not that straining the
evidence a long way, in order to cast an imputa-
tion upon Judge Watrous, where there is not a
particle of evidence ?
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Allow me to say that
the Supreme Court of the United States has de-
cided that he was not bona fide a non-resident and
dismissed the case which he brought upon that
ground after Judge Watrous had decided in such
a way that he was held to be a non-resident of
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. When was
that? At what date?
Mr. BILLINGHURST. It was in the case
of League vs. Jones et al., which is reported in
18 Howard.
Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia. They decided
that League was not a non-resident?
Mr. BILLINGHtfRST. Yes, sir; the court «
decided that he had removed to Maryland for the
purposes of litigation, and hence turned him out
of court.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. When was
that decision made?
Mr. BILLINGHURST. In the December
term, 1855.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That does not
at all interfere with my argument. The Supreme
Court may have decided that he-was not a&ona
fide non-resident; but if he sued as such in the
Federal court, that showed that he thought he
was, and would not have got Lapsley joined in
the purchase for the purpose of suing in that
court. The decision that he was not, made long
after this transaction, could not have influenced
his motive at the time of the trade.
I come now, sir, to the second allegation. The
first charge has been substantially abandoned, and
the second is, that several suits were brought in
the Federal court of Texas, of which said Wat-
rous was sole judge, in the year 1851, to test the
validity of said grant; that they continued pend-
ing there until 1854. In the.mean time various
orders were entered in said causes, said Watrous
acting as though no such interest on his part ex-
isted ; that during this period of nearly four years,
he fraudulently and corruptly concealed his in-
terest in the subject-matter of litigation before
him; that his interest was finally detected and be-
came publicly known; then the cases were trans-
ferred to the Louisiana circuit.
Well, sir, if this charge be true; if, as stated,
he did act in his own case; 1 say according to the
principles laid down, put the brand of infamy
eternally upon him. But, sir, when I take up
this book of testimony, I see that when the writs
were filed, Judge Watrous announced hie inter-
est, and published it to the bar, and that from the
beginning to the end, he never passed a single
order on the merits of the case. Here is the tes-
timony:
Mr. Love, the clerk, swears:*
" Question. Do you recollect the occasion when you first
heard the subject mentioned in court ?
'* Jtnswer. When the eases were called in court, Judge
Watrous bAid distinctly, (I have the minutes and memo-
randa of the court, and I know it was then,) 41 am inter-
ested in these suits-.' Somebody wanted an order in these
caso^; says hp, ' T will give you no Older in these cases,
for I would not touch them with a forty-foot pole.5 "
Again, the minutes show thisorder:
" John W. Lapsley vs. Charles Duncan. .
" This day came the parties by their attorney, and there-
upon the judge presiding having stated that he could not
sit in this cause by reason of a personal interest, and of an
interest of persons with whom he is connected by blood,
