THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G. .
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1858.
Njew Series.....No, 7.
in a part of the subject-matter in contest, the said parties
by their attorneys agree that this cause be removed and
transferred for trial to the district of Austin,"
Now, sir, in the face of this record, it is as-
serted that he acted in his own case, and kept his
interest secret for four years, until he -was de-
tected—that is, from 1850 to 1854. Why, the
accusation is utterly disproved; the testimony is
directly to the contrary.
Mr. BILLINGPIURST. Did I understand the
gentleman from Georgia to say that Judge Wat-
rous's interest was discovered at the first term
after these causes were instituted? The causes
were instituted in January, 1851, and this entry
on the recorcf was not made until January, 1852.
Two terms intervened before it was made.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. This is the
way I read it:
"At the United Stated di*nict court for the State of
Texas, held in the city ot Galveston, on the 21st May,
1S51," &c.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. The gentleman will
find that the entry he has just read relates to
" continuances." If he will read from the record
before him a fewHnes further on, he will find that
the judge did not make the disclosure of his in-
terest until January 4, 1852.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That does not
affect the merits of the case at all. When his in-
terest was disclosed or announced, the case was,
and it ought to have been, continued. The great
fact is, that his interest was not concealed, and
that he made no order touching its merits. This
the record shows, while there is not a single wit-
ness who testifies that Judge Watrous ever de-
signed at any term, or ever did, in fact, conceal
his interest for a single moment. The testimony
is positive that the announcement was made when
the writ was issued, before it was fi!ed even, and
that he never made a single order in the case, ex-
cept to continue by agreement of attorneys until
the transfer way made.
Mr. PwEAGAN. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from Georgia if he is apprised of the fact that
Spencer states that he never knew of Judge Wat-
rous's interest, until the order for the transfer
was made.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I know noth-
ing of Spencer's statement, further than appears
upon the record; nor would his statement, under
the circumstances, have much influence with me.
For any man who comes before the House of
Representatives of the United States, and charges
„ a high judicial officii' with having concealed his
interest in a. case fur four years, during which
time he tookoiders m his own case, and was then
detected, when there is not one solitary fact to
prove the allegation, but the contrary appearing,
as in tins case, I say that a man who thus delib-
erately make such a groundless chargc, for the
purpose of blackening the character of another
man, high or low, 1 would not believe under oath
in anything. But whether his statement be true
or not, whether he know of the interest of the
judge or not, is not the question.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Pascal
swears that he knew of the interest long beioie
the time when Spencer says it was detected in
1854.
Mr. REAGAN. He knew it; but he said he
received his information in a way m which he did
not fe<-l authorized to make it known to any one.
Mr. CRAIG E, of North Carolina. Pascal was
an enemy of .ludge Watrous, and had no object
in concealing it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That is imma-
terial. Why, sir, Alexander came here in 1852,
and tried to get Judge Watrous impeached, not
for the matters now alleged; and this same in-
terest of Judge Wcitrous was then_disclosed or
spoken of before a committee of this House.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to point to a word or syllable in this record
which disrlo«esthe interest of Judge Watrous.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The order
which I have hist read, shffcvs it.
Mr. REAGAN. That order was made two
years after the case was filed. It was made in
1852.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The order was
made in January, 1852,the suits were brought in
January, 1851, returnable |o April term 1851.
His interest was then disclosed as proved, and
the cases continued by consent of parties. If
Judge Watrous ever passed any order in any one
of these cases touching the merits of the cause, I
defy any gentleman to point it out. I have looked
for it in the testimony in vain. Yet Spencer says
he took orders in his own case for four years,
until his interest was detected.
I now, sir, pass to the third charge. It is, that
after the transfer of said eases to the Louisiana
circuit, and on the trial of the issue involving the
validity of the title in which su!W Watrous was
so corruptly interested, under said grant, the
plaintiffs, Watrous's associates and confederates,
amongst other documents, introduced what pur-
ported to be a certain power of attorney from one
La Vega and others, to one Williams, dated the
5th May, 1832, which said instrument, or pre-
tended power of attorney, was a forgery, and
known as such to the parties offering the same,
and all of which was done with the previous
knowledge, advice, and assent of said Watrous,
judge as aforesaid.
This allegation is, that when his interest was
detected; when, as judge, he could not try and
passupon his own case, it was transferred to New
Orleans. He followed there; and as one of the
links in the chain of his ti'Je, he caused his con-
federates to offer an instrument which was forged,
and which he knew to be forged.
I say again, if that be true, condemn him, ac-
cording to the rule laid down. If that be true, if
it is supported by a single particle of evidence
even of probable cause, I will say, let his im-
peachment be voted. But so far nuui it, there is
not a particle of evidence even that he ever saw
this Le Vega power of attorney in his life. It was
never read to him, and he never saw it. It was
one of the links in the chnin of title; but whether
it was forged or not, there is no evidence to show
that Judge Watrous knew it. I call upon the gen-
tleman to show the evidence that Judge Watrous
knew it to be a forgery.
Mr. REAGAN. '1 call the attention of the gen-
tleman to the record ma<-'e by Judge Watrous
himself upon the trial, of Ufford v. Dykes, upon
a judgment by default, and upon wr.it of equity
awaided, where thee was no resistance by the
defendant. Juds;e Watrous choired the jmy, on
that trial, that the title was good and conveyed
the land. And these were the identical title pa-
pers under which Watrous ehvmed his interest
in the La Yega grant, the same concession, same
power to locate, and the same power of sale.
Mr. STEPHENS, cf Georgia. Did lie say he
knew it was forced p If he said the title was good,
does that show that he kn*w if was fo^-.d?
Mr. REAGAN. Thai is not the point.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is precisely
the point. How can you sustain a charge ag-vnst
Judge Watious on trie ground of this forged in-
strument unless he knew it was foi zed -
Air. MILLSON. The gentleman has made a
conccssion which I do not think he intended to
have made.
Air. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Perhaps the
gentleman will not Hunk so wiun he hears me
through.
M\\ REAGAN. I have see-! the gratloman's
adroitness before in avoiding the point at issue; and
now he essays to displcy it at my expense;and I
wish to show how he dees if. Pie assorted thai
the judge never saw the power of attorney; but
he has passed over the allegation that the judge
never saw the power of attorney, and contented
himself with saying thai he did not know it was
a forgery. My point is, that Judge Watrous could
not have adjudicated die default case before him
without looking, at the time of the suit, at the
power of sale, and he was bound to look at it.
, Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What 1 said
to the gentleman was, that there was no evidence,
no witnesses, to*show that Judge Watrous gver *
saw it even, much less that he Knew it; was
forged.
Mr. REAGAN. There is the record.
M r, STE PH ENS, of Georgia. The record-does
not show that he ever saw the power of attorney.
The gentleman draws an inference. In the case
of Ufford vs. Dykes, this question wris in issue;
but the attorney says the power of attorney was
not read; that the plaintiffs would not go to trial
because he did not have it; that he permitted them
to use his copy, but that no question was raised
upon it, and that it was not read in court; and
that when the defendants acknowledged its valid-
ity, then only the judge said that the title as ad-
mitted was good. But there is no evidence in the
world that the judge ever saw it, or examined it,
or knew anything about its genuineness. The
gentleman argues inferentially that he did see it,
but the testimony is that he aid not see it; but if
he had seen it, that would not prove that he knew
it was forged.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman has shifted
his ground again. I said he must have seen the
title papers, when he charged the jury that the
title was good, and conveyed the land at the time
the default judgment was taken; but he has gone
off, and answers me*by stating what occurred on a
subsequent trial of the same case, this default
judgment having previously been set aside, and
a new trial granted. And if, in the charge I speak
of, there was no power of sale, then the judge
gave a false charge, and ought to be impeached
for that.
M r. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then let him
be impeachcd for that; but I am dealing with the
charges as they are preferred.
In reference to the case of UlTord ts. Dykes, I
will say that the plaintiff claimed lands, and that
this De la Yega power of attorney was a link in
the chain of evidence*, and it is said that Judge
Watrous corruptly acted as judge in that case,
because, in its tiial, that link in the chain of title
of the plaintiff was permitted to go before him,
and he passed corruptly upon it. Now, suppose
a judge, residing in this District, should buy a
piece of land under the grant of Mr. Carroll, who
held this whole tract of country, and a suit should
be brought in leference thereto; the title to that
piece of land would have to be traced in the court
from the King's giant down through Carroll. I
suppose it would be held by the gentleman from
Te^as and otheis that a judge of this District,
who might hold his own title from the same
snurcc, could not sit on the trial of the case. It
is monstrous.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Georgia that the power of attor-
ney from La* Yega was not a link in the chain
of evidence in the case of Utford vs. Dykes.
Air. REAGAN. It was an essential link.
Air. MILLSON. There were three eleven-
h-ague grants of land to the two Aguirres and La
Yega. severally; and, although the two Aguirres
and La Yega united m a power of attorney which
was written upon the same paper* yet they^ were-,
m losal contemplation, separate and distinct
powers. In the Ufford vs. Dykes case, the plain-
tiff claimed under As^uirre; and even though the
judge might have known that the signature o'f La
Yega was forged, it did not affect the power from
AGiurre.
"Mr. STEPI-] ENS, of Georgia. If that were so--
if the La ^cira power of attorney was a link in
the chum of Uffoid's title—it is not corrupt neces-
sarily, because the judgment in the case could not
possibly ever have affected the judge's interest. I
see no corruption in that; none in the world.
But the truth is, that the judge did not see th£
power of attorney; it was not read; and there ip
hot the slightest shadow of proof that he ever
knew thst it was the same paper. Not a single
witness swears that Judge Watrous ever saw it,
or knew that it was a forgery. The gist of the
charge is, that a forged instrument was used in
court; that the judge knew it, and sent it there.
If so, according to the principles laid down he
