1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
from the^acccssion of the younger Adams down
to the last Pie.sident, one uniform expression of
opinion, that this country is perfectly content that
Cuba should remain in the possession of Spain,
and will not interfere in regaid to it, unless it is
attempted to be transferred to some other coun-
try. it appears to me that there should be shown
to us some occasion, some new cause, some in-
tervening subject-matter, which has arisen to
change our national policy. The President says
be has had no communication with Spain on the
subject; he has nothing new to lay before us; he
has no new matter to present. Of course, then, it
follows that what we are now called upon to do,
is to do the very thing which we have assured
Spain and the world over and over again it was
not our policy to entertain.
The proposition for the acquisition of Cuba is
presented to our attention m the message of the
President, and in the report of the Committee on
Foreign Relations which accompanies this bill.
\Ye have m thus report, i take it, the gre&t prin-
ciple, the substratum on which it is claimed we
should cuter upon this policy. Now, what is *t?
It all lies in a very narrow compass, and is this.
I read from page 9 of the report:
"The law ol our national exigence is growth. We can-
not, tl' we would, difoliey it. Wwle we .should do nothing
to htimnlaui it unnaturally, wo should be careful not to im-
pose upon omt-olvvs a lecuwn ?o stiict a-> to prevent us
healthful development. The tendency of the age i*= the ex-
pansion 01 the gi eai Powers of the world ftuclaud, France,
and Russia, all demonstrate the existence of tln*  pei viuhng
pnneiple. Then giowth, it is true, only opeiate*, by the ab-
sorption, partial oi total, of walker lJowci«— geneially of
infenor uices. So lung as this cAtenMon oi lerriuny
lesnU of ui ogiaphical po-itiou, a higher civilization, ami
greater aptitude loi goveinnient, and is not puiMied in a di-
leetion to endangei our safety or impede our progress, we
have neuhei the light noi the di^posnion to lind fault with
it. Let En«lrtud pursue her march of conquest and annex-
ation m India, Fiance extend het dominion* on tin' soutli-
etn shores oi the Mediteriane.in, «ind advance hei Uonmus
to the Rhine, oi Russia snbjugaie her hdtb.uou's neighbors
in Asia; we shall look upon tiieu pi ogress il not with fa-
vor, at lea^t with indiOerencu, Wi; claim on this tiemis-
pnere the same privilege that they exorcise on the other—
' Hane vemam petnnn-.que datnu.squu vicissim.*
In this they aic but obeying the law-, of th^ir organiza-
tion. When they cease io enow, they will &oon commence
ttiat period of decadence which is the late ot all nauon.s an
of individual man "
There is the groat principle onunciafed in a
very well chosen form of expression; and what
is it? 11 la that great nations must increase in
their territorial extent: that they do it; that Fiance,
England, Russia do it, mid do if how? Do it by
conquest, do jt hv force: and what is claimed liete
is that we must do u for the same cause; that is,
that when we cease to increase in temtory we
whiill commence our decadence; that it is the !asv
of national existence and that we shall do it, too,
as they do it, because not only their acquisition,
but the martrter of chat acquisition is here quoted
with approbation and as worthy of our imitation;
for the report says:
" We claim on this heniHpheic the f-ame privilege that
they exeic^o on the other."
That isj the privilege of extending our territory
by arms and by force:
In 1'us they an; hut obeying the ln\v« of then organiza-
tion. When they censo to kiow, they will soon commence
that period ol decadence winch is the tale ol all nations."
There is laid down the broad principle, the
substratum oflhe course of national policy, which
we are asked now to inmate by the passage of
this hill. It needs very few words to explain or
enlarge on these views. They certainly are very
clear; they are very distinct; and the question
vow is, will the Congress of the United States in-
dorse them by the passage ot this bill? because
that is but an initiatory step m this policy. It
here becomes me, in the first place, to say that I
utterly deny, J entirely take ihsue with, the first
principle laid down in this proposition. I deny
that it is a law of national progress and improve-
ment that a nation must extend its territory.
That entirely depends on how much it has al-
ready, and how far that which it has is adapted
to ifs wants. If it is tiue, that when a nation
ceases to extend its territory its decadence com-
mences, it must be on the ground that this people ;
and tiiis nation are uttei jy incapable of any prog-
ress m the way of maturity; that they are utterly
incapublo of any progress by way of improve-
ment on what, they already possess. It goes upon
the ground Jhat nothing can be gained to the
nation; that it can make no progress in national
grandeur and greatness and power, unless it
steals from its neighbors. 1 utterly deny that
there is any such principle of national growth. £
nation may grow in numbers, in wealth, in civil-
ization, may grow for centuries, and never en-
large us territories one inch. The commandment
of God to the family of men jthat they should go
forth, multiply, and replenish the earth, and sub-
due it, that is cultivate it, applies with equal
force to a nation like ours. Improve what you
have, multiply and replenish, and subdue your
country. That word "subdue" is not a com-
mandment to filibuster against your neighbors.
But, Mr. President, it will become us to con-
sider whether there is not a very broad mark of
difference between the political condition of our
country and those countries which are cited to us
here as examples worthy of imitation. What
use do England and France and Russia make of
their conquests of the countries which they sub-
due abroad? What do they want them for ? Take
England, with which we are most acquainted:
they subdue a country, take possession of it, and
occupy it, what for? For a colony; for a colo-
nial dependency, forever to be holden in a condi-
tion of colonial dependence; to be subsidized to
their own use; to be the hewers of wood and the
bearers of but dens for the country at home. Those
colonies have no participation in the Government
of England itself. They never have any partici-
pation in the laws, the tegulations, the proceed-
ings for the administration of the home Govern-
ment and the shaping of the destinies of the
! mother country, F.nghmd; and they never are to
| have any participation. But how is it with us?
: Can we hold colonics? In the very much noted
Dred Scott decision, in which certainly there are
some general principles announced that vve*may
agree in, though not in ail the particulars, the
Supreme Court say:
"Theto Is ceitatnly no power given hy the Constitution
to the Fedeial Government to establish oi m.unmin colonies
boiderniy on the United States oi at a distance, to he ] uled
and governed by the pleasure ot Congics-s."
This is more fully lepeated and enlarged upon
in another part of the decision which I shall not
take time now to read; but clear it is, that we have
no power to obtain colonies near to us, and at a
distance, and to retain them and govern them as
colonies, as dependencies. Whatever country
we take becomes a pari of our own. It must, as
soon as its population and condition will pennit,
be represented. It iw to be leceived as an integral
pai t of our Government, to contribute to the form-
ation of our own institutions, to the molding of
our national affairs, to have an equal participation
in everything that is done by this Government.
While other nations, by foreign conquests, obtain
colonies which may be serviceable to them, we
can never do so. All that can ever be of any ser-
vice to us is lo ohtam territory adjoining our own
which we may incorporate into our own national
Government, into which we can march our mil-
itia, or our Army, to defend and maintain them,
and frotn which they can march to us for the same
purpoye.
Another thing: the manner in which they ob-
tain these foreign countries is entirely unadapted
to our condition. As this report says and ap-
proves, they obtain them by conquest, and it is
claimed that we are to exercise the same power
on this continent. Now, sir, we go upon the
ground that ours is a popular system of govern-
ment; that it is the go\uinmentof the people's
own choice. Therefore, to ohtam a foreign coun-
try, even if you annex it to this, against the will
and pleasure oflits people, to obtain it by fraud or
by force, is as inconsistent with the principle of
our Government'as it is to attempt to propagate
Christianity by the sword. Do you suffer that
people to have the choice of their own govern-
ment if you pursue this policy ? Clearly, not at
all.
I have thought it proper to call attention to
these two leading features, attempting to show
that what the committee approve of, and lay
down as the basis of the policy which this Gov-
ernment is to initiate by this bill, is a policy ut-
terly inconsistent with the whole framework of
our Government. That is, the obtaining, by
conquest and by force, foreign acquisitions.
Besides, Mr. President, theobtaniing of a coun-
try not bordeung on our own, into which we can-
not march our armies to protect them, and when
they cannot contribute to our protection, neces-
sarily implies that the nation which attempts to
make such^eonquests, and hold such colonies,
must always have a large standing army and a
large and powerful fleet. England may hold col-
onies at any distance from home. She has a fleet
to hold intercourse with them, to send to them to
protect them against invasion. She has an army
which she can transport by h' r fleet, and put in
a position to hold and to defend any colonv of
which they may choose to take possession. That
is all contrary to our institutions. We have no
large army, and we expect none; and we desire
to avoid all that policy which shall require one.
In the next place, we have no great and exten-
sive and powerful navy. We expect none, and
we are opposed to any policy which shall require
us to have one. Both these things will be neces-
sary, however, when this policy of foreign ac-
quisition is once entered upon.
Mr. President, I think it cannot be disguised
that the undertaking to entertain a policy of this
kind seems to be based upon the notion that our
people have a certain voracity for obtaining land
and country, which is utterly irresistible and un-
controllable. This has been designated by high-
sounding names; it is said to be an mfiimity of
the Aniilo-Soxon family. I do not know that it is
peculiar to them. 1 am sensible that our people
have a great desire for land, but they want it to
bo pretty good soil and such as they can use them*
selves. 1 have thought that one of the most pow-
erful reproaches of that sort of feeling was found
in an incident recited in Stone's life of Brandt.
Our people would go beyond the Ohio against the
Indiana. The Indians thought, after our treaty
with England, that we had no right beyond the
Ohio, without a treaty with them. Our people
would go there. They went there from all quar-
ters of the country, and got into a controversy
with the Indians. They had a severe Indian war,
and they penetrated at one time, under General
St. Clair, pretty tar inio the Indian country. They
encountered the Indians there, and were most
fatally defeated. They fled from the field and left
lar^e numbets on the ground. When a few days
afterwards they returned to bury their dead, they
found the mouths of all those dead people stuffed
full of earth, saying in the symbolic language of
the Indians, " you would have earth; take your
fill of it.55 it is supposed that this great desire for
obtaining land is so uncontrollable and so vora-
cious, that you have nothing to do but present a
project to obtain land, and it is totally immaterial
with what 11 is encumbered, it is totally immaterial
where u is situated, the blind avidity of this peo-
ple is such that they can be made to swallow it
without discrimination; and the proposition is
piesented to them much as if they were like the
ostrich, or like the shark following a ship, to
which you can throw even a hot stone, no mat-
ter whether it is digestible or not, they will swal-
low it. I do not behove that this presumption upon
the voracity of our people in relation to land, oil
account of their supposed indiscrimination and
blind proceeding, is well founded. I believe the
people of this country, notwithstanding all their
desne for land, are capable of understanding
whether what is now piesented to them is adapted
to their wants, and to reject it if it is not.
If we search the history of our country for
manifestations of the disposition of this nation
upon that topic, I think I shall be fully borne out
in my presumption that their proceedings have
been conducted with great discrimination, and
they have obtained only such acquisitions as were
adapted to their wants. What have they been?
The first was the obtaining of Louisiana. What
was it ? Almost a million square miles of country,
about one third of all we own now, almost utterly
uninhabited, with only a French settlement doww
at the mouth-of the Mississippi, and here and
there a scattered Indian post. It was a territory
adjoining to ouiselves; it was an extensive region
of country, of great fertility, exactly adapted to
the wants of our people, open to their settlement.
The small French settlement at the mouth of the
Mississippi, though it might be regarded as a
slight incumbrance, being composed of people
who were foreigners to us, was so slight as to be
a matter of very little or no consideration. It was
clearly seen that when that country was settled '
up to any considerable extent, it would be Amer-
icanized; whatever French population there waa
would disappear in the progress of our own fain-
