98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
ought to be impeached; but there is not.a particle
of proof, not a shade of a shadow, or a semblance
of proof, to sustain any such charge, if it is true.
But, as I understand the fact, there was an issue
of non tit factum made upon that power of attor-
ney in the Louisiana court; and, upon the trial,
the jury found it was not a forgery.
Mr. REAGAN. They did upon the testimony
of He wilson, who swore that Gonzales was dead;
and Gonzales came forward and testified as a wit-
ness in the case two years afterwards.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am not going
to bring up all the records to show how it was
done; but there was a judge of the Supreme Court
of the United States presiding, all the witnesses
were there upon both sides, and the result of the
verdict of twelve men was, that the paper was not
a forgery. Nov/, I take it for granted that they
were as competent to judge of that fact as this
House is. Are you to say that that instrument is
a forgery? Why, before you could impeach Judge
Watrous upon this indictment, you are bound
upon your oaths to say it was a forgery—winch
that jury could not do with all the evidence before
them. You have got to say not only that it was
a forgery, but that Judge Watrous knew it.
But, in addition to that, is the statement of the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Bryan] the other
day, from the private papers of Stephen F. Aus-
tin, executed in 1833, I believe, in which he al-
ludes to this identical paper, and says it conveyed
the power of sale. To my mind that is conclu-
sive, if there was any other evidence wanting, that
that power of attorney is good and valid.
Mr. REAGAN. My colleague never said what
the gentleman supposes he did; and there me no
such papers in the case.
Mr. BRYAN. My colleague says there were
no papers in the case. My declaration upon this
floor, the extracts I read, and the assertion that
1 would present to him and to any other persons
the originals, should be sufficient to him and any
other persons.
Mr. REAGAN. I spoke of the title papers,
and in no one of them is that fact given.
Mr. BRYAN. The fact is given, and that is
sufficient, without any title papers. I agree most
thoroughly with the gentleman from Georgia.
Mi. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I must go on.
I have stated the most prominent parts of this
case. There is one rule which governs me, and
1 think it is a wise and good one. When any
person makes an accusation against another's fair
fame and reputation, and deliberately publishes
what turns out to be a most gross and outrageous,
if not jnahcious, charge against him, and 1 find
that he has committed a great wrong against his
fellow-man by accusing him falsely, I watch very
closely the smaller mattcis of his accusation; and
when those great matters are proven to be untrue,
1 apply another maxim of law to the smaller
ones—deminions non curat lex.
As to the rulings or errois m the Mussina case,
in which it is not pretended that Judge Watrous
had the remotest personal interest, I have read
them all carefully; and this is what I have got to
say to that: that if these were errors, Mr. Mussina
could have appealed. In myjuclgment, he comes
now falsely, and says he did not appeal because
Jud^e Watrous would not let him.
Mr. REAGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will show him that it was impossible for
him to appeal ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, I will.
Mr. REAGAN. Well; let me tell the gentle-
man that by the action of this judge, a married
woman and a minor child, resident in Mexico,
were made parties defendants—the one without a
husband and the other without a guardian m the
jurisdiction or under the power of t^e court; and
Mussina never could have had the necessary
papers served on them to bring up the appeal as
to them, and without them no appeal would lie.
The matter was so ingeniously arranged by the
judge that there was no possibility of appeal.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Did Mussina
make that point before the judge?
Mr. REAGAN. He could not. When could
the point have been made?
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia. When the error
was committed, why did he not except then and
take it up to the supreme court? Why could he
not ? and why did he not ? He did not; and it is a
pretext for him to do so now. I do not think there
was any error in these rulings. In my judgment,
every ruling of the judge that is complained of was
right. That is my opinion as a lawyer. But if
there was any error in them, our judicial system
provides for the means of correcting errors of
judgment; but not by impeachment.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish now to have the gen-
tleman from Georgia answer this question: Was
it right in the judge to admit a party to the ^uit
to swear as a general witness, in his own case,
against the objection of the adverse party ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As to all such
questions as serving notices and interrogatories,
it is uniformly allowed by the courts.
Mr. REAGAN. But I ask whether a party
should be admitted as a general witness ? Let the
gentleman go the whole length of the record.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. State the point
in the rec'ord.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask you if it was right in
the judge 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Just wait. If
there was error in that, why not have excepted
to it, and have it taken to the Supreme Court?
Mr. REAGAN. I have answered, that Mus-
sina could not do it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Why?
Mr. REAGAN. For the reason that the neces-
sary process could not be served on the married
woman and minor child, who resided in Mex-
ico, and whom Judge Watrous improperly and
unlawfully took jurisdiction of.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Why did he
not except to that?
Mr. REAGAN. Pie did except.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Why not bring
it to the Supreme Court ?
Mr. REAGAN. I stated in my argument the
other day, an additional reason that Mussina be-
lieved that the appeal taken by Shannon would
have settled his own case.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Does Mussina
show that he ever thought that Shannon's case
carried up his ?
Mr. REAGAN. He employed Mr. Benjamin
as his counsel in that appeal, and did not know
that Shannon's case did not carry his until Mr.
Benjamin told him that it did not.
Mr. STEPE-3ENS, of Georgia. Pie went to
see Mr Benjamin, to get him to defend his case,
after nearly five years had elapsed, and Mr. Ben-
jamin swears that he did not understand what
case Mussina was talking about; so little did he
know about it, that he could not describe it cor-
rectly. But he had ample time to appeal after
Mr. Benjamin told him of the defect; and Judge
Watrous notified his lawyer after Mr. Benjamin's
opinion was given, that he was ready to certify
the appeal when he complied with the terras of
the law. Rut he did not do it.
Mr. REAGAN. In justice to Mr. Mussina let
me say that Mr. Benjamin did not state that that
was the fault of Mussina, but a mistaken inference
on his part. He supposed that Mussina referred
to another case in which his name was mentioned.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Well, let those
things go for what they are worth.
Now, Mr. Speaker, to return. As to all these
rulings, as my attention has been directed to them
out of the line of my argument, and by which so
much time, unexpected, has been consumed, I
repeat, in my judgment, they were correct; wit-
nesses were allowed where their interest was mu-
tually balanced; and in one instance complained
of, the preponderance of interest was against the
party calling the witness. In my judgment every
one of them was correct. But a sufficient answer
for me is that if there was an error of judgment,
an appeal might have been taken, and if the party
lost his appeal by lacheSf he cannot now get re-
dress by impeachment.
Mr. REAGAN. If the gentleman will allow me
time, I will show how often he tried to get an
appeal.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Not now. I
have talked with some gentlemen on this matter,
who told me that they tlnnk it was wrong in Judge
Watrous to have gone to Alabama and join with
citizens of that State to buy these lands. All that
I have got to say on that is, that it was no offense;
and I say further, that if Judge Watrous was
the man that they pretend to think he is, and
charge him to be, Spencer, instead of complain-
ing of what he did, ought to thank him for it, for
if he had not been interested, Lapse y could have
sued in his court and got a trial before him—this
most corrupt judge as they charge him to be"
But as he became interested, the case complained
of was transferred and tried before Judge Camp-
bell; against him there is no charge or imputation.
By the arrangement he got an able, competent,
and acknowledged honest man to try his cause. If
he lost it as he did, he has no reason to complain
of Judge Watrous. No one pretends that justice
has been defeated or anybody been wronged. If
Spencer has lost his case, it was because the law
was against him. The burden of his complaint
now is, that, by the conduct of Judge Watrous,
his cause was tried before an honest judge and
impartial jury.
One word about the action of the Legislature
of Texas. This was in 1848, not about any of
these transactions; the reason why the Legisla-
ture requested him to resign, as I understand it,
was because he held that certain statutes of limi-
tation did not run until the parties*got within the
jurisdiction of the State of Texas.
Mr. REAGAN. That was not the cause of
the action of the Legislature. The reason they
requested Judge Watrous to resign was because
he was believed to be engaged in dealing in fraud-
ulent Uind certificates and fraudulent eleven-
league grants.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Well, at all
events, Mr. Speaker, they could not have alluded
to this transaction, because the resolution was
adopted in 1848, and this purchase was not made
till 1850. I do not think that spiritual lappings
had been known so early as 1848, or that there
was any media at that day , which could tell in
3848 what would be done in 1850, and from that
on to 1854.
Mr. REAGAN. But, fraudulent certificates
and fraudulent eleven-league grants were known
then, if spiritualism was not.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then all I have
got to say is, that the Legislature was worse than
Mussina, for they allowed ten years to pass and
have not yet brought witnesses to prove this fact.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman stop
there ?
Mr! STEPHENS, of Georgia. "Ees, right
there. [Laughter.]
Mr. REAGAN. I offered to prove that before
the Judiciary Committee during the last session.
I went before them with a record of the circuit
court of Louisiana for that purpose, and asked
to have witnesses examined, as I> have said be-
fore; but I was denied the privilege by the action
of this House and the committee.
I also offered to prove that he had sold three
fraudulent league certificates to Mr. Low, of Illi-
nois, and swindled him out of about six thousand
dollars, when he knew them to he fraudulent,
void, and worthless; for which, by the laws of.
Texas, he subjected himself to a most ignomin-
ious punishment; but was denied the opportunity
of doing this, too.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then it would
have been much better to have proved it in Texas,
and have had him whipped.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLAY. I move that the gentleman have
leave to proceed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gian can only proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the rule
may be enforced.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] is entitled to the fioor.
Mr. HOUSTON. lam perfectly willing that
the gentleman fiom Georgia shall go on as long
as he chooses.
The SPEAKER. Objection has been made.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was not by me.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the rule
being violated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the time
!; at which I shall be entitled to address the House
l will be after the mam question is ordered.
The SPEAKER. That is the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON Ynoved to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered; and
