118*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"1 February 21,
in this proposition? Why* we aye asked to pass
a law to take in Cuba, and thereby take&nto our
country two hundred thousand free blacks. That
is rather a startling proposition. But, further, you
are disturbed about the naturalization of foreign-
ers, with the facility with which it is done, and
their great and rapia increase of numbers. There
have not been quite so many foreigners imported
this year as there have been for some years past,
and 1 take it some persons begin to be alarmed.
They fear they are not going to get them in fast
enough, and now it is proposed to pass a law by
which, by taking in Cuba, we shall take in a
Spanish Creole population of five hundred thou-
sand foreigners in one day, and naturalize the
whole of them; because, when we acquire the
country, as I have already shown, we cannot hold
it as a colony, it becomes an .integral part of our
country; it contributes to the forming of our des-
tinies, and our institutions. Have any of the
people who lived in New Mexico, or California,
when Mexico ceded them to us, or have the peo-
ple of Louisiana, that were there when we took
it,"ever gone through any process of naturaliza-
tion ? Never* at all. They all became citizens at
once when we took them in, and now it is pro-
posed by this process, bya single law, to take in
five hundred thousand persons of Spanish descent
nnd naturalize them at a single sweep. Even if
we could make the purchase, even if wc could
secure it peaceably and quietly by paying out, if
you please, one hundred or one hundred and fifty
million dollars to buy that people from Spain,
isuch as they are, never consulting them about it,
we should pay from two hundred to three hun-
dred dollars a head for them, black, white, and
gray—the whole of them, and agree to incorpo-
rate them in our family, set them down by our
threshold to participate in our institutions, and
to select our officers to administer our Govern-
ment.
The next topic to which I wish to direct atten-
tion is this: .It is said that the obtaining of Cuba
would check, and perhaps put an end to the Af-
rican slave trade. I am sensible that if that were
a well-founded idea, it would be one that would
address itself with some considerable force to a
large body of my people. It would be with thorn
a question of humanity. But 1 have seen, on all
occasions like this, a vast deal of pretension,
which was utterly unfounded. If any man had
heard and eould recollect all the various addresses
which were made to the people of this countiy,
in order to induce them to take in Texas,and how
utterly they failed, how thp people were deluded;
and 1 do not know but that many of them desired
to be deluded—I fancy he would hardly listen to
propositions of this kind without very serious
examination. We were told that by acquiring
Texas, the slave would move on down through
Texas, and slide away into Mexico and disap-
pear. lias any man seen that process commence
jn the fourteen years since that day? Can an in-
stance of that kind be found? And yet it is said
that many people were deluded with that. So,
too, it was said, if Texas were obtained, all the
manufactures of the North would flourish; there
would be an outlet for them all; and there, too,
as they would raise cotton, was to be found a sale
for all the productions of the northwest. There
has never a bushel gone to them, never a single
particle of it, been realized. It has been a total
failure.
In relation to the African slave trade, wc must
look at the present condition of slavery in Cuba,
and the present condition of the slave trade, fo
judge what effect would be produced by annexing
Cuba to the United States. 1 have in my hand
a production by Mr. Torrente, a Spaniard, a man
of high intelligence,- a former member of the
Cortesof Spain, who resided manyyearsin Cuba.
This gentleman was in England when much fault
was found with the conduct of the Spanish Gov-
ernment in the Island of Cuba in relation to the
slave trade. It was contended that they had acted
with insincerity, and thereupon he published a
memoir, giving, as he said, the true condition—
and no doubt it is,for it has never been disputed—
of that subject as it existed m Cuba; and he agrees
entirely with the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Benjamin,] who informs us that the island i«
utteily valueless, and of no sort of importance
unless it be cultivated by slave labor, or compul-
sory labor, as he termed it—labor by Africans,
if you please—whites not being adapted to itsr
cultivation.
It will be recollected, that in 1817, Spain made
a treaty with England by which she agreed to
abolish the African slave trade with Cuba, and
she received $2,000,000 in consideration of it. At
that time, or immediately afterwards, there was
a further arrangement made by the setting up of
a mixed commission in Cuba, which was to judge
of all the negroes brought before them said to be
imported contrary to law, and set them at large,
if it were proven to be so. From that time for-
ward, England has surrounded the coast of Cuba
with fleets to break up this trade. They have
placed their fleets, too, on the coast of Africa,
made a treaty with us, by which we assist in
putting a naval force on the coast of Africa, and
what has been the effect? The truth is,the slave
trade to Cuba has gone on in the same degree as
before, with very little check. The slave trade
to Brazil, to be sure, has been broken up within
a few years, by the action of the Government of
Brazil; but the slave trade with Cuba has gone on
the same as before; and he says it is utterly im-
possible for that people to have any value left in
their land on any other ground. He says:
" I will pass on to the fifth and lan part of my disserta-
tion, which is confined to proposing the means for terminat-
ing amicably and peaceably tiie negro question—the never-
ending source of annoyance and contention. These moans
England herself has furnished. WtTy have so many diffi-
culties and compromises been raised, .since the signing of
the treaty for the abolition of the slave trade ? Why have
the English had to maintain, and still keep up at immense
expense, numerous squadrons on the coasts of Africa and
Cuba? Why have thevbeen compelled to establish super-
intending commissions in both places ? All these sacrifices
have been nece^&aiy for suppressing that illicit traffic. And
have they attained their object, or can they attain it? We
can well advance the same negative answer as woukl be
given to whosoever should question the possibility of put-
ting down the smuggling of English produce, which is un-
ceasingly carried on in the Peninsula."—To?rente's Slave-
ry in the Island of Cuba, page 47.
The same author says these expeditions are
fitted up, and subscriptions made for them, by the
planters themselves. They agree to take shares
in the expedition, as low as $500 and $1,000 up
to $5,000 or mofe. The slaves are landed and
partitioned out to these people; and the secrecy
with which it is done is never broken,and never
can be broken. Such being the character of the
slave trade there, it is pursued,and pursued not-
withstanding all that England can do, and not-
withstanding the aid which the United States give,
and notwithstanding the aid within the island it-
self. I cannot here but refer to what is quoted in
the report of the committee, on that subject, as
coming from Admiral Hotham. His examination
before the British Parliament is alluded to on page
14 of the report:
" Sir Charles Hotham, one of the most distinguished offi-
cers of the British navy, and who commanded on the coast
of Africa for seveial yeaxs, was examined by that select
coimtutiec. He said that the force undei his command was
m a high ^tateof discipline; that his views were carried
out by his officers to Ins entire satisiaeti on ; that, so far from
having succceded m flopping the slave tiade, he had not
even-crippled it to the extent of giving n a peimanent
check ; that the slave tiade had been regulated by the com-
mercial demand for slaves, and had been little affected by
the presence uf hi<? squadron, and that expmience had
pioven the system of repression by cruisers on the coast of
Africa futile—this, too, when the British squadron counted
twenty-seven ve.^sels, computing several steamers, carry
mg about three hundred guns and three thousand men.
The annual expense of the squadron is about $3,."300,000,
with auxiliary establishments on the coast costing at least
$1,500,000 more."
The honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Benjamin,] who seems to be famiiiar, as he con-
siders, with that country, says on the same sub-
ject:
11I aflhm, then, Mr. President, that this magnificent fab-
ric, built up by the slave labor of Cuba, must pensh,or mu^t,
whilst Cuba is a Spanish colony, be sustained by the slave
trade ; a trade bianded as piracy by her own laws, by our,,
by those of Great Britain ; forbidden to her by treat v volunta-
rily made by Spam; forbiddon by our treaty with England;
and which, by the treaties of the three nations, each is sol-
emnly bound to prevent. The la?t r-'luge on eaith for tlu<
trade is now iouud in the !>land of' Cuba. The combined [
power of England and the United States is now exerted at
the costot nearly six millions, pur annum m the suppression
of this traffic. Its continuance hue, on more than one occa-
sion, brought us toHhe very veuje of hostilities with Great
Britain foi the piotection of our flag, and yet teus of thou-
sands of slaves are annually imported into Cuba."
Notwithstanding the united forces of Great
Britain and the United States tire kept up at this
great annual expense, and although the trade is
contrary to the laws of Spam over Cuba, so great
is the demand for slaves that they will run all
these hazards, and successfully run them too,
and carry into that island ten thousand ayear.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Twenty-five thousand.
Mr. COLLAMER. No matter; I will say ten
thousand, at least. I want to be moderate in all
statements of this kind. Now, what is it that
carries these slaves there? My opinion is, that
any people who desire to have slaves, and will
pay enough for them, can have them in any coun-
try. They went by from forty tQ fifty thousand
a year to Brazil, as long as Brazil would take
them. The people of Cuba buy these slaves and
use them; and no doubt now a large majority of
the slaves in that country are imported, are
known perfectly to be so, and yet all the power
of that Government, with a mixed commission
court sitting in the Island of Cuba, does not re-
lieve one of them, and does not prevent their
being taken there. They pay for them—that is
all; and they will not themselves execute the laws
of Spain against their own interest. I have no
doubt that our people of the Gulf States, if they
desire to have slaves, will have them. That is
a point which will regulate itself; as Admiral
Hotham says, it depends on the demand and sup-
ply; it depends on the price of the article. But,
now, what is the price of these slaves in Cuba ?
The extreme has been $500; and yet that price
has been a sufficient inducement to men to beard
and defy the whole power of England and Amer-
ica with the laws against the trade.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont allow me to say that the price is fifty ounces
—$850?
Mr. COI<LAMER. That is since the recent
rise here. Our price here is $1,600 or $2,000;
but that does not alter my proposition. When
Cuba belongs to the United States, what will be
the price of the slaves? You cannot expect that
when you have between three and four million
in the United States, their price is to be lowered
down to the price of the less than half a million
in Cuba; not at all. The price of slaves m Cuba,
when it belongs to us, will be the same as the
price of slaves of the same ability here; because,
I take it, you can bring a cargo of slaves—of
couise |ou can do it according to law when the
country belongs to us—from Cuba, into Charles-
ton, or New Orleans, for a dollar a head. The
transportation cannot cost more than that.
Mr. MALLORY. Ten dollars, at least.
Mr. COLLAMER. That will depend on
whether you can pursue the business legally. I
suppose now it would cost something, because
you have to run the gauntlet, and a man has to
import them "with a halter around his neck; but
the moment you make it-lawful, the moment Cuba
belongs to us, I venture to say you will find Yan-
kee vessels enough to carry them in cargoes of
five hundred for a dollar a head. I say Yankees,
because there is nobody else, in fact, who navi-
gate your vessels to any considerable extent, and
there are probably men enough in all our cities
of the North, ready to supply the market with
slaves, if you will give price enough. Then the
price of slaves in Cuba, when it belongs to us,
will be the price of slaves here, and vice versa;
because the price of transportation from one place
to the other is merely nominal, when it can be
done lawfully.
Now, I simply put the proposition thus: If
$500 a head is enough inducement to bid defiance
to the whole power of England and America to
prevent the traffic, what will $1,000, or $1,500, a
head do ? The very statement of the proposition
furnishes a reply: $500, $600, or $800, now, as it
is said, does defy all power to stop the trade.
What will the $1,000, or $1,500, a head do? It
i is said Cuba is the only place to which African
slaves are now carricd; and if we receive Cuba
! into this country, I take it the British will stop
the keeping of their fleet on the coast; because,
| they will say, now there is no country tliatallows
their importation. If their fleet is withdrawn, it
will be simply left'to what the United States may
do. We know what little they will do by know-
ing what even they and England puttogether could
not do. Suppose, further, we should really un-
dertake that business, and undertake it with suc-
cess. Now we find that $6,000,000 a year, laid
out by England and America, does not stop the
trade at all, I ask you how much will stop it alto-
gether if we should build a fleet, and sustain it,
