1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
the negotiationsat the time they were going on,
and which resulted m the purchase, and the only
purchase, of that land to which Judge Watrous
was a party. It will not be pretended that he had
any interest in the land until the trade at Selma,
Alabama:
" Questtem. When you met on the second occasion for
the purpose of executing the papers, was your attention
called at any time, and if at any time, at what time, to the
fact that Judge Watrous was present ?
"•Answer. We all met there—Judge Watrous and the
rest of us.
** Question, When you first arrived was he there, or did
be come in afterwards ?
" Answer. it puzzles me to say. I cannot recollect.
" Question. State what occurred in relation to the war-
ranty being urged on him; did Judge Watrous urge him
to sign it ?
" Answer. I think he did.
" Question. Did he participate otherwise actively in the
proceedings towards the execution of this instrument, be-
sides in that particular, except when he came to sign it?
« Answer. I think all the parties werepiesent when it
was read. 1 read it over. Mr. League protested that it
was wrong to require him to execute such a deed. 1 think
I remarked, * It is nothing more than you yourself assert.
You say you have undoubtetLconfidence hi your title, and
that your counsel, Judge Hughes, has given you this ad-
vice; why not sign it?' Judge Watrous told him, 4 You
can sign it with perfect safety, Mr. League, because I am
satisfied that the title is good.5 As to urging him particu-
larly, I do not know that he was very urgent about it; but
he advised him to sign the paper. Mr. League hesitated for
some time. I am inclined to think that tUe reason of his
hesitation was to see if I would not recede. The other
gentlemen seemed to leave it to me to fix that matter. I
think, perhaps, I made this remark, or something equiva-
lent to it, that unless that paper, or something equivalent
to it, was signed, I would not go into the matter; and it
was at that ume that Judge Watrous advised him, or rather
urged him to sign the paper, and he did sign it.
" Question. Do you recollect his participating in what
was said or done there, beyond that advice, and the sign-
ing of the agreement when it was read ?
« Answer. No further than his stating that you (Mr.
Hughes) had examined the papers, and that you had pro-
nounced m favor of the title, and that he was entirely sat-
isfied that the title was good.
« Question. I understand yod,then, to say that you can-
not specify any other participation than that in the thing
going on there ?
" Answer. Judge Watrous spoke of the quality of the
land. That the lands were valuable, being situated on the
Brazos river. That was a matter which came up in the
course of conversation."
Turn to page 335, and you will find the follow-
ing, in Love's evidence, speaking of Judge Wat-
rous's interest in the Lapsley land. He says:
" Question. You had your information from hearsay ?
" Answer. From Judge Watrous himself.
" Question. Judge Watrous himself had told you who the
parties in interest m these suits were ?
" Answer. He told me betore the suits were brought.
" Question. How long betore the suns were brought?
" Answer. I tlnrik a very short time before the writs were
issued ; or it may have been at the time that I was issuing
the writs. 1 was interested in these suits; they were very
profitable.
« Question. And either at the time of your issuing the writs
or shortly before you had a conversation with Judge Wat-
rous about them ? . •
" Answer. It was a voluntary communication on his part.
Judge Watrous and myself have been fnends for twenty"
years. He had been a stranger to me, and never been in-
troduced. He used to come into my office. We had dis-
cussed all these questions years and years before. He came
into my office at the time the writs were being issued, I
think; and he said, in substance,4 this is one of my cases;
I am interested in'this case. You will lose your fees, be-
cause they will have to go elsewhere to be tried.'"
This shows that Judge "Watrous saw the writs
when they were being issued, and evidenced no
surprise or objection to the suits being instituted
in his court. He treated it as a matter understood
and expected by him; yet the gentleman from
Georgia very confidently and unconditionally as-
serts that there is no evidence tending to fasten a
knowledge or understanding upon him. What
an overpowering thing this book of evidence has
proven itself to be !
Mr. League says:
« Question. The question I am asking you is, was any-
thin" said about the tribunal, m which any litigation might
result, owing to the peculiar character of land titles m Texas,
Hhoukl he conducted—whether they should be in the btate
court or Federal court? . ,
''answer Mv impie^ionis. there was something spoken
of it at the time. Tin- ease of Santiago del Valle was soon
to come up, ami to be decided, and the decision was looked
upon as {settling the question of our title.-
And now, Mr. Speaker, I fee! authorized by
the evidence m saying that it was agreed atbelma,
at the. time of making the contract, and we are
bound to believe as a part of the contract, that the
suits should be brought in the Federal court of
Texas, presided over by Judge Watrous, for the
purpose of getting the case out of Texas avoid-
ing the trial before aTexas jury, and that Judge
Watrous was present when that agreement was
made.  
Mr. TAPPAN. I desire to correct the gentle-
man.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; I cannot yield. If
I had time, I could show that the gentleman made
many gross mistakes in the statement of the tes-
timony in his speech.
Mr. TAPPAN. I want but one minute.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; I decline to yield.
The gentleman did not confine himself to the tes-
timony in his own speech, and I do not wish to
b£ interrupted by him now. I am endeavoring
to give this case a candid, fair, and impartial ex-
amination before this House.
Mr. TAPPAN. 1 merely want to refer the
gentleman to 
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot yield. And to
corroborate that testimony is the statement of
Thomas M. League, a witness whom I confess I
believe wholly unworthy of credit; but Thomas
M. League, himself, says that this thing was
talked of during the negotiations at Selma, Ala-
bama; that the court in which the suits should be
brought was spoken of in conversation there, so
that the evidence upon that point, as I understand
it, is wholly, or nearly so, on one side. It is true
that in one part of League's evidence he says his
recollection is confused upon these points; but the
very fact of his recollecting such conversation,
though confused as he states it, is in itself proof
that the whole matter of suing, and the court in
which the suits should be instituted, was talked
over and agreed upon.
[A message, in writing, was here received from
the President of the United States, by J. B.
Henry, his Private Secretary.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am admonished that my
time is fast passing away. I wish briefly to speak
to a few other points. It is said that there was
an agreement between the lawyers representing
the case, that it should be removed to Austin,
and there tried before a lawyer selected by the
parties. I deny that there is sufficient evidence
to prove any such agreement. On the contrary,
while the testimony of two or three witnesses
tends to prove the existence of such agreement,
the letters of Colonel Lapsley, which I have be-
fore said are more reliable than the memory of
the witnesses who have spoken of it, satisfac-
torily disprove it—they show that Judge Hughes
contemplated such an arrangement. They do
not^how an agreement made, and the lawyer on
the other side swears no such agreement was
ever made; and if such agreementwere not made,
why transfer the cases from Galveston to Austin,
Judge Watrous being the judge at both points?
And if they could agree for a lawyer to try the
cases, why take them to Austin? Why not try
at Galveston ? The whole thing is an absurdity.
Mr. Taylor swears he made no such agreement,
and I am entirely satisfied he told the truth.
I must pass rapidly on. It is said that Judge
Watrous disclosed his interest in these suits at
the first term after they were instituted. The
gentleman from Georgia stated that the interest
of Judge Watrous was disclosed at the first term
after the suits were brought; he said the record
proved it, and read from the minutes of the court
of the third term. The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Billinghcrst] showed that the orders
to which the gentleman from Georgia referred, in
which that interest was disclosed, were not made
at the first term, thereby disproving the state-
ment. Now, let me refer the gentleman to page
482, where the record shows that at the April
term, 1851, the Lapsley cases were continued;
that they were so marked on Judge W^atrous's
docket, and in his own handwriting.
" Dunn" the examination of James Love, the clerk of
1 the Federal court at Galveston, he was requested by the
! committee to furnish transcripts, of tlie orders entered m
' the Lapsley cases, m the books produced by him before the
; committee, and of the docket of those eases, to which he
and his deputy, John S. Jones, were examined, and sucli
transcripts wei e produced, as follows :
<< Arii. 1.—Trial docket, Jlycil term, 1851.
" Hughes 346. John W. Lapsley vs. James Mariin; filed
January 11, 4851. Continued.
" Hushes 347, Tavlor. Same vs. Charles Duncan ; filed
January 11,1851; executed March 5, 1851. Continued.
"Hughes 318, Taylor. Same vs. Brown; filed January
11 1851; executed February 17,1851. Continued.
•> Hu«hes 319. Same vs. George Bernard; filed January
11 1851; executed February 1*, 1851. Continued.
" Hn hos 350, Taylor. Same vs. David Barton ; filed
January U, 1851; executed February 17,1851. Conunued.
" Hughes 351, Taylor. Same vs. James Barton; filed
January 11,1851; executed February 18,1851. Continued'.
" Hughes 359. John W. Lapsley'ra. Blipbas Spencer;
filed January 11,1851executed February 18,18S1. Con-
tinued."
You will find from the evidence of Colonel £<ove
that this entry was made by Judge Watrous him-
self, and that not one word was said disclosing
his interest, or about his interest in any way;
and that these entries on the minutes were read
to Judge Watrous and not in thedeast objected to
by him; and notwithstanding these facts,during
the January term of 1852, Jones, the deputy clerk,
swears that JudgeWatrous insisted that he should
make an entry changing the continuances marked
in his own handwriting, to make them read asby
consent; and he did so. Again: Taylor says he
never made such an agreement, and that he never
heard of it until he saw the evidence of it ex-
hibited in the committee-room here. Why did
Judge Watrous direct that these entries should be
made to read by agreement of parties? Had he
the right to do so? The attorney swears he never
consented to the change. Jones swears he did it
at the instance of Judge Watrous. Yet, in the
face of this mutilation of the record, gentlemen
say he should not be tried.
Bat it is said that he disclosed his interest to
certain parties. Whatis a disclosure of interest,
unless the disclosure is made publicly or to the
parties in interest—the parties who have a right
to avail themselves of it it they can ? Yet there
is no proof that he did so disclose to the parties
to this suit. On the contrary, the evidence is that
the suits were carried from term to term without
such disclosures being made or put upon record.
Mr. Tay.lor, who was then the attorney for most
of the defendants in the Lapsley suits, not only
says he made no agreement to substitute a law-
yer to try the cases in place of the judge; that he
made no consent or agreement to transfer the
cases to Austin; that he made no agreement to
change former entries, as JudgeWatrous insisted
that Jones, his deputy clerk, should do, and as
was thus done. Mr. Taylor swears, however,
that he made a regular motion in court to have
certain suits transferred to Austin. And when
he argued it, the judge granted his motion; and
he supposed his case went to Austin#by virtue of
such motion and orders upon it. There are orders
on the minutes marked as erroneous, and are pre-
cisely as Taylor remembered them. Those orders
were entered upon the record of Judge Watrous'a
court. Afterwards a consent or agreement was
entered upon the record, and the former orders
marked erroneous; which Taylor swears he never
made or agreed to, and never heard of until he
came into the convmittee-room. Those orders go
on to say that the counsel agree that all former
orders shall be changed, so as to read as if entered
by consent, when the evidence is that they were
changed otherwise.
Now, sir, one word to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Miiason.] _ He seems to feel the
force of the arguments which have been present-
fed within the last few days—that there was a
certain powerof attorncyin which Judge Watrous
was interested, and that that certain power of
attorney was admitted on the Uflord and Dykes
case, with the knowledge of Judge Watrous of
the fact that it was a power on which the judge
himself was interested; and he presents the point
that the power of attorney may have been good
for La Vega and not for Aguirre. If the gentle-
man will look' ipto this case, he will find from the
evidence of Hartley, one of the lawyers in the
case, that they objected to the introduction of the
original concession as evidence.
In the case of Ufford vs. Dykes the same con-
cession gave LaVega and the two Aguirres eleven
leagues of land each; and that concession, if good
for one, must have been good for all; if bad for
one, bad for all. That concession was not ad-
mitted by consent. It was objected to by the
lawyers; and was objected to upon the ground
that the laws of Coahuila and Texas did not au-
tborizc the OovernnfiGftt to grant so rciuch land in
a concession. The judge overruled the point of
the lawyers, and permitted the concession to go
in evidence to the jury, and charged upbn that
evidence that the concession was good and con-
veyed the title.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen-
tleman doeg not state the facts, which appeared
in the testimony, that the concession never was
