102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
read before Judge Watrous, in the Ufford and
Dykes casej that the case went off upon the
statute of limitation? that the defendant admitted
it to be read, and that no question was raised as
to its validity.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. No, sir;
the proof is complete and full as to those facts.
Mr. HOUSTON. My hour has nearly expired;
but if the House will give me time I will show
whether that is so or not. I stated that Hartley
swears that he objected to the introduction of the
concession, and I am satisfied that I can show
that he did object. He goes on to state that he
did object because it conveyed more land than the
law allowed.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I challenge
the gentleman to show that the case did not go
off upon the statute of limitation.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thatis not the question be-
fore us. Here is Hartley's testimony, and I leave
the House t£ determine the question. I have no
feeling in this matter other than the discharge of
my duty. I have no pride in having a' trial or-
dered if the circumstances and proof do not re-
quire it; but I have a pride in making good what
1 say.
Mr. CRAIGE of North Carolina. I have as
little pride as the gentleman; but the gentleman,
having the conclusion of the argument, should not
misstate the testimony v
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not say the gentleman
had any pride, nor do I care whether he has or
not. I am arguing the question upon the facts.
I am going to read the evidence, and the House
can judge whether I am right or wrong.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the House will allow
me to read a short extract from Mr. Hartley's
evidence sustaining my statement.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move that the gentleman
be allowed thirty minutes longer.
[Cries of " No !" "Yes !5' and " Go on !]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired, and objection is made to extending his
time. The question is now upon the resolution,
and the amendment offered thereto.
[The following is the evidence of Mr. Hartley
to which Mr. Houston referred:
" Question. You stated that the original concession em-
braced the two titles of La Vega and Aguirro?
tl~invvcr. It was to La Vega, Raphael Aguirre, andJos6
Man a Aguirre.
k< Question. It was a single concession embracing three
grants?
jijiswer. Yes, sir; and I think one of the objections to
it was taken upon that ground. 'Die objection was lhatit
embiaced thirty-thiee leagues, when the law of Mexico
piovided that no more than eleven leagues should he united
in the hand.-* of any one person.
•' Question, (by the Chairman.) In your argument you
and your colleagues attacked the original concession from
the State of Coahuila and Texas to the two Aguirres and
La Vega?
" Jlnstcer. Yes, sir; Thomas P. Hughes and myself. We
did not argue that question to the jury. We resisted its ad-
mission as evidence on that giouud at the trial."J
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That John C. Watrou«, United States district
judge for the district of Texas, be impeached of high crimes
and misdemeanors.
The pending amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the word £k Resolved," and insert:
That the testimony taken before the Committee on the
Judieary, in the case of Hon. John C. Watrous, judge of
the di^tuct cotiit of the United States for the eastern dis-
trict of Texas, is insufficient to justify tlje preferment of
article of impeachment against him for high cumes and
mif-deineanois.
The question being first upon the amendment,
Mr. KELSEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS — Me-^rs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Avery, j
Bocock. Bonham, Bowie. Boyce, Blanch, Brauon, Ratlin
ton, Burhngame, Burns Canithei.>, Ca-?e, Cavanaugh, Ezra
Olaik, Horace 1°. CI.uk, John B. Claik, dawson, Claik B.
Cochrane, Cragm, Button Craigo, Cuius, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of fowa, Dttrfee, Ed-
mundson, Elliott, English, Farnsworlh, Fenton, Giddinas,
Gilman. Gilmer, Goode, Grangei, Gregg, Grow, Bobeit B.
Hall, Harlan, Hams, Ha%kin, Uoiton, Howard, Hughes,
Jackson, Jowett, Keim, Kellogg. Kilgore, Knapp, Lamai,
Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, Maclay, Samuel S. Marshall, May-
nard, Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Morgan, Momll, Ed-
warti Joy Moiris, Isaac N. Morris Freeman H. Morse,
Oliver A. Mouse, Murray, Niblack,Olm, Parker, Pendleton,
PetUt, Potter, Puiviance, Ready, Rieaud, Robbms, Royce,
RutTin, Savage, Scales, Scott, Seward, Aaron Shaw, John
Sherman}Rotfeit Smith,William Smith, Sttmtdn> Stephens,
James A. Stewart, Tappan, Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe,
Underwood, Vance, Wade, Waltpn, Cadwalader O. Wash-
burn, Ethhu B. Wasliburue, Israel Washburn, Watkins,
Winsl«w, Wood, Woodson, Wortendyke, John V. Wright,
and ZollicofFer—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Barksdale, -Bennett, Bil-
linghur&t, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Bryan, Burnett,
Chaffee, Chapman, Clay, John Cochrane, Coekerill, Colfax,
Comms, Corning, Cox, James Craig, Curry, Davidson,
Davis of Indiana, Dawes, Dean, Dtinmick, Dodd, Dowdeil,
Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gannett, Gar-
treii, Gooch, Goodwin, Green wood^Groesbeck, Lawrence
W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Hoard, Hopkins,
Houston, Huyier, Jenkins, George W. Jones, Owen Jones,
Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey, Landy, Lawrerrce, Leidy, Letcher,
McQueen, Mason, Miles, Moore, Palmer, Peyton, John*S.
Phelps, William W. Phelps, Pottle, Reagan, Ritchie, Rus-
sell, Sandidge, Searing, Henry M. Shaw, Jiidson W. Shpr-
man, Shorter, Singleton, Spinner, Stevenson, William
Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer,
Vallandighani,Wal bridge, Waldron, Ward, Warren, While,
Whiteley, and Augustus It. Wright—91.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the vote,
Mr CASK1E said: As I am a member of the
Judiciary Committee, I desire to say that I de-
cline voting upon this resolution for the reason
which induced me to decline any investigation of
this subject. I shall not trouble the House with
a statement of that reason. Suffice it to say, in
my judgment at least, it involves a matter of per-
sonal delicacy upon my own part.
Mr. MOORE stated that Mr. Cobb was de-
tained from the House by sickness.
Mr. COVODE stated that he had paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Kunkel.
Mr. EDIE stated that he had paired off with
his colleague, Mr. Phillips; otherwise he should
have voted in the alfirmauve.
Mr. NICHOLS sated that he had paired off
with Mr. Kunkel, of Maryland.
Mr. MOORE. I wish to say that, my vote
in this case, I intend to cast no aspersion upon
those citizens of Alabama—Price, Lapsley, and
others—who were associated with Judge Watrous
in his speculation. On the contrary, 1 know them
all personally—one of them being my constit-
uent; and 1 know them to be honorable men,
whose characters are above suspicion.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution as amended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Avery,
Bocock, Bonham. Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brayton, Butfin-
ton, Burhngame, Burns, Cai uthers,Ca&e, Cavanaugh, Ezra
Clark^IIoiace F. Claik, John B Clark, dawson, Clai k B.
Cochrane, Crngm, Burton Craigc, Curtis, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dick, Durfee,
Edmundbon, Elliott, Farnsworth, Fenton, Giddings, Gil-
man, Gilmer, Goode, Gianger, Gregg, Grow, Ilobeit B.
Hall, Harlan, Ila^kin, Horton, Howaid, Ilugiies, Jackson,
Jenkins, JeweU, Keim, Kellogg, Kilgoie, Knapp, Latnai,
Leach, Leiter. Lovejoy, Maolay, Samuel S. Marshall, Mnv-
naid, Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Morris. Isaac N. Moms, Freeman II. Morse,
Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Niblack, Olin, Parker, Pendleton,
Pettit, Pike, Potter, Purviance, Ready, Rieaud, Robbms,
Royce, Ruffin, Savage, Scales, Scott, Seward, Aaron Shaw,
John Sherman, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Stall-
worth, Stanton, Stephens, James A. Stewart, Tappau,
Thompson, Tompkins, Tuppe, Underwood, Vance, Wade,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Was>hburne,Ellihu B. VVa^hburne,
Israel Washbuin, Watkins, Winslovv, Wood, Woodson,
Woitendyke, John V. Wnght, and Zollicotfer—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Batksdale, Bennett, Bil-
bnghuist, Bingham, BuOmp, Blair, Bliss, Biyan, Burnett,
Chaffee, Chapman, Clay, John Cochrane, Cocke nil, Col tax,
Comins, Corning, Cox, James Ciaig, Curry, Davidson,
Davis of Indiana, Dawes, Dean, Dimunck. Dodd, Dowdeil.
Eu.-ns, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Fos-tci, Garnett, Gar-
troll, Gooch, Goodwin, Gieenwood, GrotHbeck, Lawrence
W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins. Hickman, Hoaid, Hopkins,
Houston, Huvfer, George W. Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly,
Kelsey, Landy, Lawience, Lcidv, J_,otcher, McQueen,
Mason, Mile*, Moore, Palmer, Peyton, John S. Phelps,
William W. Phelp-, Pottle, Reagan, Ritchie, Ru^ell, San-
didge, Heniy M. Shaw, .Tud*on W. Sherman, Singleton,
Spinner, Stevenson, William Stewart,Talbot. Geoige Tay-
lor, Miles Tavlor, Thayer, Vallandigham, Walbndge, Wal-
dron, Ward, White, Whiteley, and Augustus it. Wnght—86.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Pending the vote,
Mr. SHORTER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Smith, of Virginia.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution as
amended was adopted; and also .moved to lay the
motion to. reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
MARYLAND CONTESTED-ELECTION (USE**
Mr. BOYCE. I desire now to call up the con-
tested-election case from the city of Baltimore.
The resolution reported from the Committee of
Elections was read, as follows:
Resolved, That it appears to this House that there was
such tumult, disorder, riot, intimidation, and injustice, in
the election of a Representative to Congress from the third
congressional district of the State of Maryland, on thet 3d
day of November iast, in contempt of law, and in violation
of the freedom of elections, that the said election is void.
The seat from the said district is hereby declared vacant, and
the Speaker of this House be, and is, directed to notify the
Governor of said State thereof.
Mr. BOWIE. That resolution was reported
at the last session of Congress, and reads " No-
vember last." I suggest that it be altered so as
to make it read " November, 1857."
The resolution was so altered.
Mr. BOYCE. The report which accompanies
that resolution was maue by the Committee of
Elections, at the last session. We urged on the
House, at that time, the consideration of this
question, as I felt a great interest in it then. The
House declined to consider it at that time, and
postponed it until this session. In my opinion,
time was the very essence of the question. The
House, however, having taken a different view
of it from what I supposed they should have
taken, I do not feel any desire, at this late day,
to proseoute the case vigorously. My desire is,
to discharge my duty formally, and leave it to
the House to do what they think proper in the
matter.
Mr. EUSTIS. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. BOWIE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WHITELEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BU&NETT. Idemand the yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 54, noes 97.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. I asked for the^yeas and
nays before the House divided on the motion to
adjourn; and I desire to say this to the gentlemen
on the other side of the House: on this side of
the House there are many gentlemen absent. If
it be the desire of the other side to take this vote
to-morrow, at any hour they name, I have no
objection to it; but I do not want to have it taken
now on this motion to lay on the table.
Mr. EUSTIS. 1 desire to say to the gentle^
man from Kentucky that this day was appointed
and fixed for the taking of the vote on this ques-
tion ; and that in making the motion I have made,
I have taken no advantage of the absence of mem-
bers. It was distinctly understood that the vote
should be taken to-day; and it was because it
was so understood that I made the motion.
Mr. BURNETT. In reply, I desire to say
that I certainly did notcontemplate, and that I do
not believe any gentleman contemplated, having
the question disposed of in this summary manner
without discussion. I had no ideathatthere would
be a motion made to lay on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I think it was un-
derstood that a final vote should not be taken on
this question to-day. I therefore hope that we
will adjourn now,and agree to take the voteatone
o'clock to-morrow. I move the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it not be
in order to have the report of the Committee of
Elections read before the vote is taken on it? The
motion to lay on the table includes the report and
all. We have a right to hear what we are to vote
on.
The SPEAKER. The only thing on which
the House is called to vote is the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I have submitted
the motion that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It seems to me that the
proposition made by the gentleman from Ohio,
that the vote be taken to-morrow at one o'clock,
is fair, and I hope no gentleman on this side of
the House will object to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the vote
to be taken on the motion to lay on the table, or
on the main question?
