104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
tioft; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office, be instructed to inquire what legislation is neces-
sary to enable the Commissioner of Patents to compel the
attendance and examination of witnesses, and tbe produc-
tion of books, contracts, and vouchers, and a full disclosure,
by patentees and others, of all facts upon which any claim
for the extension or reissue of a patent may be claimed; and
that said committee report by bill or otherwise.
colonel Graham's report.
Mr. CHANDLER, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agTeed to:
Resolved, That tlie Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to ihe Senate the last annua] repoit of t.ipnfenailt
Colonel J. I). Graham, on the lake hat bors from Lake Mich-
igan to Lake Champlatn, including Lakes Erie and Untano.
LANDING OP THE BAIIIC WANDERER.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Piesidcnt of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the. Senate, if in his opinion
not incompatible with the public lnteiest, any information
in his possession, in relation to the landing of the bark Wan-
derer, on the coast of Georgia, with a cargo of slaves.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
EcmJiwrf, That the Clcrffif the House of Rcpiesenta-
tives be requested to communicate to the Senate, thepapeis
which accompany the memorial oi the Penny Post Com-
pany, of California, now 011 the Jilcs of the lIou;e.
Mr. DIXON subsequently moved to reconsider
the vote by which tliosresolution was adopted.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was ordered to lie 011 the table.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MASON asked, and by unanimous con- j
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 50) aiUhorizin^Townscnd Hams and II.
C. J. Honsken, respectively, to accept certain
presents from her Majesty the Q,ueen of Great
13ritain and Ireland; which was lead twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint, resolution (S.
No. 56) authorizing the Secretary of State to pay
the salaries of the ministers resident to the Argen-
tine Confederation, Costa Ilica, and Honduras;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations,
Mr. IVERSON, in puisuanoc of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 473) to allow back pay to certain naval
officers; winch was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee 011 Naval Allan's.
JOHN DAVIS.
Mr. FITZPATRlCIf. 1 rise to nsk the indul-
gence of the Senate to take up the bill (11. K. JNo.
318)recognizing the assignment 011 land waiuuit
No. 35,956, issued to John Davis, as valid. It
will occupy the attention of the Senate but a few
minutes. I had supposed that it was passed at the
last session.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
It direct that the assignment upon land war-
rant No. 35,956, issued to John Davis under the
act of September 28, 1850, for forty acres, be
recognized as valid.
The bill was reported to the Semite without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CLAYTON-BULWEIl TREATY.
Mr. STUART. I desire at this time to renew
the proposition which was submitted yesterday
by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,.] 1
think we can do an act of great importance^by
disposing of the adverse reports on the Calendar;
and it can be done without consuming very much
time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the Senator will
give way. If my resolution is to be considered
at all, it ought to be considered now. If a ma-
jority of the Senate arc against taking it up to-
day, I shall not press it again. I hope the Sen-
ator will allow mo to make amotion to take it up.
I will say that I propose to modify the preamble
somewhat, to make it more acceptable to Senators,
but leaving the call for information. If it is to be
acted on at all, it ought to be acted on promptly.
Mr. STUART. If the resolution proposed by
the Senator from North Carolina is not likely to
produce much debate, and if he desires simply a
vote on taking it up, I shall yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire a vote on it. I
hope it will not lead to debate. I do not propose
to debate it myself.
Mr. STUART. Very well.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I propose to modify the
preamble, in'answer to an inquiry from the Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] instead of the
words " contains stipulations which are in direct
hostility to the cherished policy and future wel-
fare of the United States; stipulations," to insert
the words "in its actual effect is;" so that it will
read:
" And wlieras Ihc Clayton-Buhver treaty, in its actual
effect, is calculated to operate," fitc.
Of course, though, if it comes up, the preamble,
or any other part of it, will be subject to amend-
ment. All I desire is, that the Senate will take
it up, if they think the subject of sufficient im-
portance to justify it. I understand that several
Senators who voted against my motion yester-
day, will vote for it to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from North Carolina,
to take up the resolution offered by him 011 Mon-
day last.
The question being put,
The VICE PRESIDENT declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will ask for the yeas and
nays, because this is the last time 1 shall move to
take it up.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. 1 would say to the honorable
Senator I'lorn North Carolina that I shall not ob-
ject. ns far as I am concerned, to taking up the
resolution; but when it is up, without the slight-
est disrespect to him or discourtesy to his resolu-
j tton, [ shall feel it my duty to move to lay it on
! the table as a test question.
j Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 have no objection to that
com so. I hope then, by general consent, that it
wilt be taken up, and the Senator's motion made.
M r. SEWARD. I hope I may be allowed to
make a suggestion before the motion is made to
lay the resolution on tbe table. Will it not an-
swer every purpose to have it referred to the
Committee 011 Foreign Relations?
Mr. MASON. I shoulifprefer taking the sense
of the .Senate upon laying it on the tableasan in-
dication (if that be the view of the Senate) that
theyaie not disposed to consider a resolution
calling for this information under the circum-
stances mentioned in the resolution itself.
Mr. JIUNTER. What is the use of taking it
up to Iny it on the table? Let those who wish to
lay it 011 the table, vote against takirfg itup. That
will be the shortest way.
Mr. MASON. 1 have no objection, if the Sen-
ator from North Carolina considers that n test
question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I know that, when the
resolution shall be before the Senate, one or two
Senators desire to say something about it; and I
hope the Senate will have the resolution before it.
< 1 trust it will come up, and then let the Senate
dispose of it as the majority see lit.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, that I understand a
; mi ssnge was communicated to the House of Rep-
! resentauves yesterday—I do not know what is
in it—that may, perhaps, contain the very inform-
ation he is seeking. Y/ould it not be better for him
to wait ?
| Mr. CLINGMAN. The call which was made
} by the House of Representatives was in refer-
| ence to the late proceedings 011 the coast of Niea-
' ragua. That in no wise affects this resolution of
j mine. The call of the other House relates to a
! small question, which has collaterally sprung up
i there, and which is not embraced 111 my resolu-
| tion. I do not like to take up the time of the Sen-
i ate in discussing this question, unless I know it
[j is regularly before the body; and I have no wish
jl myself to do it. I believe a majority of the Sen-
|j ate are willing to take itup; and I hope the ques-
i; tion will now be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to take up the resolution.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should be glad to have
it read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Whereas the President, in his message to Congress.of
December 8, 1857, expressed himself in relation to the Clay-
ton-Bulwer treaty, in the following language: -
" Tfre fact is, that when two nations like Great .Britain
and the United States, mutually desirous as they are? and t
trust ever may be, of maintaining the most friendly relations
with each other, have unfortunately concluded a treaty-
which they understand in senses directly opposite, the
wisest course is to abrogate such a treaty by mutual consent,
and to commence anew. Had this been done promptly,
all difficulties in Central America would most probably ere
this have been adjusted to the satisfaction of both parties.
The time spent in discussing the meaning of the Clayton
and Bulvver treaty would have been devoted to this praise-
worthy purpose, and the task would have been the more
easily accomplished because the interest of the two coun-
tries m Central America is identical, being confined to se-
curing safe transits over all tbe routes across the Isthmus.
" Whiht entertaining these sentiments, I shall neverthe-
less not lefuse to contribute to any reasonable adjustment
of the Central American questions which is not practically
inconsistent with the American interpretation ot the treaty.
Oveitures foi ibis, purpose have been recently made by the
British Government ma friendly spirit, which I cordially
rccipiocate ; but whether this renewed effort will result in
success, I am not yet prepared to express an opinion. A
buef peiiod will determine.'>
And whereas the President in his message of December
6, 1858, stated that:
"I am truly soiry that I cannot inform you that the
complications between Great Britain and the United States,
arising out of the Clayton and Bulwcr treaty of April, 1850,
have been finally adjusted.
"At the commencement of your last session, I had rea-
son to hope that, emancipating themselves from further un-
availing discussions, the two Governments would proceed
to settle tbe Cential American questions in apiactical man-
nei, alike honorable and satisfactory to both ; and this hope
I have not yet abandoned. In my last annual message, I
stated that overtutes had been made by the British Gov-
ernment for this puiposo, in a friendly spirit, which I cor-
dially leoipiocated. Their proposal was to withdraw these
questions fiom direct negotiations between the two Gov-
ernments; but to accomplish ihe same object by a negoti-
ation between the British Government and each of ihe
Central American Republics tfhose territorial interests are
immediately involved. The settlement was to be made in
accoidunce with the gcncial tenor of the interpretation
placed upon the Clayton and Bulvver treaty by-the United
States, with, certain modifications. As negotiations are
still pending upon tins basis, it would not be proper for ine
now to communicate their present condition. A final set-
tlement of these questions is greatly to be desired, as this
would wipe out the last remaining subject of dispute be-
tween the two countnes."
And whereas the Ciaytori-Bulwer treaty contains stipu-
lations which ate m dneet hostility to the cbeiished policy
and futuic welfare of the United States; stipulations cal-
culated to opeiate ftdvciselyto the independent action of
tins Republic in the line of duty, which it may become 1m-
peiative on it to adopt, m regulating and controlling the
atl'ans of the Central American fcUates, and consequently,
the abrogation of the said treaty is demanded alike by the
honor and interests of the Union : Therefore,
Resolved, That the Piesident be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if not, in his opinion, incompatible with
the public mteiest, any conespondence which may have
pa.^ed, since his inanimation, between this Government
and that of Great Britain, and between this Government
and that of Nicaragua, with respect to the termination or
preservation of the Clayton-Bulvver treaty.
Mr. SHIELDS. Before tlie vote is taken 3 beg
leave to state to honorable Senators, that I think
it is but fair to the Senator-.from North Carolina
that this resolution should be taken up for the
purpose of amending it. If this is to be consid-
ered a test vote, the resolution should be put in
such a form by the mover as to present the ques-
tion fairly to the Senate. I am inclined to vote
for the resolution if it be amended in the manner
suggested by the Senator from North Carolina;
whereas, as it now stands, I am disposed to vote
against it. My reason is this: it contains within
itself an assumed interpretation of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. I voted for the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty. The interpretation which our Govern-
ment has put upon that treaty makes it a fair
treaty; and I am not disposed to stultify myself
and condemn that act. Nor do you want any
resolution in this body to assume any condem-
nation of that treaty at the present time, consid-
ering that our Government has put one construc-
tion on the treaty, and the British Government
another construction; but I think it is fair to the
Senator from North Carolina that he should^have
a chance to amend the resolution^so that if we
vote upon it we may vote upon it intelligently
and knowingly.
For my own part, I am not going to enter into
a debate upon this question; but lam prepared to
say this much—and that is presented by the reso-
lution of the Senator from North Carolina—that
we have been exceedingly unfortunate in our dip-
