1858.
 3ehie congressional globe.
mm
lomacy with regard to Central America. We have
not had what the Fro rich call a grand success. We
first made a treaty with England, which we call the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty, by which we expected to
regulate the affairs of Central America in connec-
tion with thatgreatPower. England takes one view
of the treaty, and we'take another view of it; so
that in some respects that has been'a failure. I
am not going to prejudge, I am not going to
attempt to embarrass the Administration*in its
future action by any speculation; but it is a fact
admitted by the President, both in liis former
message and in this, that there is a difference
between Great Britain and this country in the con-
struction of this all-important treaty; that that
difference continues; that it is permanent; that
every effort has been made to unite and agree;
but that there is no agreement, and no likelihood
of an agreement. That was our first attempt. I
call it a failure, and a singular and peculiar kind of
failure. I do not know but that there may be a
good reason, some of these days—I am not pre-
pared to say when—as we cannot agiee upon the
construction, to obliterate the text.
Our next attempt was to negotiate directly with
the Central American States. We have failed in
that. Our negotiation there, so far as I under-
stand, has not been a successful one. I do not
pretend to comment upon It; -1 merely state the
fact. Now, if I understand the President's mes-
sage—and on this subject I would like a little light,
for perhaps I am in the dark—it informs us that,
as we first attempted to negotiate as to the affairs
of Central America in harmony and unison with
Great P>ritain, and failed in that; and as we next
attempted to negotiate directly with Central Amer-
ica, and have failed in that, we are now determ-
ined to let Great Britain do the negotiation for her
and for ourselves. If I understand the message
aright, that is its meaning. Be that as it may, I
say that, in my humble judgment, it is politic and
wise to let the Senator from North Carolina mod-
ify his resolution. Let hirh put it in the shape he
judges best. It is only a resolution of inquiry,
at best. It is like a petition. Every man has a
right to petition, I suppose, for anything reason-
able, and we have a right to make an inquiry. If
the Executive thinks the inquiry is not proper,
and that it would be improper to communicate the
information, of course he will withhold it. But,
if there be any information on the subject, I, for
one, would like to know it; for I am a good deal
in the dark on this matter, though the proper
time may not yet have come for full light on it.
At all events, 1 think the honorable Senator from
North Carolina has introduced this resolution
with a wise intention. Pie means to amend it in
such a way thpt it shall assume nothing, but sim-
ply ask for information on this subject. For one,
I hope the Senate will grant him an opportunity
of amending it and putting it in proper shape, and
I trust that'we shall then get a vote upon it.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 will vote with pleasure to
take up this resolution; but I shall be compelled
to vote against its adoption if the preamble is not
struck out. I would vote for the resolution itself,
because it is ineiely a request of the Senate to
the President to send us information, if not incom-
patible with the public interest. It is right for
the Senate to pass any such resolution; and I do
not see any objection to it. There is a part of
the preamble which I think not very material, but
there are other ptuts from which I entirely dis-
sent. Willi the preamble, I could not vote for
tiic resolution, bccause it implies what I do not
consider to be existing facts.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am not disposed to go
into the consideration of the resolution very much,
fhoiK'h 1 agree with the suggestion of the Senator
from"Delaware, that the preamble is totally un-
necessary, and contains assumptions which can-
not be maintained, and certainly cannot be useful
to the gentleman's object, if he entertains the le-
gitimate purpose of a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. CLINGMAN-. Tfil! the Senator allow me
to KU"-gest that, if the resolution comes up, any
Senator can call for a division of it. If the reso-
lution be adopted, it is immaterial to me whether
the preamble is adopted or not.
Mr. COLLAMER.. Do you propose to strike
it out ? ..
M r. CLINGM AN. I do not propose to strike
it out. That has not been suggested, tut when
the resolution is taken up it wul be competent ios
the Senate to pass the resolution and reject the
preamble, or it will be competent for any Senator
to move to strike out the preamble.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not the trouble I
have. The preamble is not necessary to the reso-
lution—certainly not to any legitimate effect of
it when passed. The preamble contains matter,
that the gentleman does not propose to strike out,
which would occupy this body, I know, days,
and, 1 think, months, in discussing it. I do not
think that time would be very well expended. It
evidently contains things—I need not go into
them—which would necessarily involve much
discussion, and the gentleman does not propose
to strike it out. Then he does propose to have all
that discussion, as a matter of course.
In the next place, I think the resolution in itself
is objectionable. The President tells us that there
is a pending negotiation in relation to the Central
American business between us and England, and
also between us and Nicaragua, and he informed
us in his last message that, m that state of things,
he does not think it proper to communicate the
condition of the negotiations; and yet we go right
on in this resolution and ask him to communicate
it. It seems to me that is hardly courteous treat-
ment between two coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment. The President has already expressed
his opinion on it, and yet we ask him to give the
information. The very substance of the resolu-
tion itself, independent even of the preamble, is
exceedingly questionable in its propriety. As the
honorable Senator from Minnesota suggests, if
the gentleman wishes to _make it such a thing
as -would confine it simply to a proper point of in-
quiry, if that is all he wants, he can very easily
offer a resolution that will answer the purpose.
This being here does not prevent that being offered
at all. But we are to take this resolution up, and
thereby involve all the discussion which must
necessarily grow out of it, and all the bickerings
which must necessarily attach to it. I say we
must go into all that if we get up this resolution,
when we can make another without taking it up;
just such a one as will call for legitimate informa-
tion.
Mr. MASON. I said to the Senator fromNorth
Carolina, that I would not object to taking up this
resolution with an understanding that I should
then move to lay it on the table. I have no ob-
jection to that course, but I do not know what
course this vote may take if it is submitted as a
test question.
Being up, I will say that the Senator from
Vermont is undoubtedly right. If the resolution
comes before the Senate with the preamble, it ne-
cessarily opens to debate the whole policy of the
Executive witb^reference to Central American
affairs—a debate that I suppose, at this day, the
Senate is not disposed to entertain unless there
be some Senators who think the public interests
imperiously require that we should go into an
examination of the policy of the Executive in
this purely executive matter. I am not one of
those. But if the preamblj remains there it will
be an intimation; certainly an intimation on the
part of the nio\er, that it is his purpose to go
into an inquiry into the conduct or the manage-
ment of the relations of the country as conducted
by the present Executive between Great Britain
on the one hand and the Central American States
on the other. I am not disposed to go into that
inquiry. 1 certainly should go into it if I thought
the public interest required it.
But again: my objection to the resolution has
been well stated by the honorable Senator from
Vermont., whose most valuable aid 1, for one, am
exceedingly happy to recognize m this matter.
The President has told the Senate, in his annhal
message, giving to the country information as to
the condition of the Union, that negotiations are
pending, between the United States and Great
Britain on the one hand and between the United
States and Nicaragua on the other, concerning
one of those disturbing questions which have so
long affected the relations between this country
and England; and he has said further, that while
they are thus depending, or in their present pos-
ture, he does not consider that it would be wise
on his part to make a full communication to the
country of the state of things. That being the
exact posture of affairs, the honorable Senator
| from North Carolina must moan to make an issue
I between the Senate and the President—to make
an issue with the President on this single point
of what does or what does not conduce to the
public interest in reference to these.negotiations.
That must mean this: that, in the opinion of that
honorable Senator, for some reason the President
has mismanaged these negotiations;■ that he'-Bas-
not conducted them in such a manner as will con-
duce to the public interest,and, therefore-, that-it
becomes the Senate, (notwithstanding he has said
that, in his judgment, it is not compatible with
the public interest to communicate it,) to call upon
him to do it; and, if he refuse to do it, to- leave
that issue between the Executive and the Senate
open before the American people. I can see;no
other view that can be taken of the resolution as
it stands.
Now, sir, I do not profess to know, because I
really do not know, either personally or officially,
what is the condition of that negotiation. I have
no further information about it than is gathered
from the public documents, so far as they have
heretofore reached us. I take no account, of
course, of all the ephemeral partisan efforts that
are made to affect the public mind through the
public press by the letter-writers; none whatever.
But I know this much: that if the day should
unhappily arrive when the President and the Sen-
ate deem it necessary, either with the assent of
England or without it, to abrogate the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty, no statesman can be prepared to
recommend it, unless he is prepared to inform
the American people where it will land them. No
statesman can undertake to do it, unless he has
looked far enough ahead to see what consequences
may ensue, and what recommendations he will
make to meet those consequences. One thing is
very certain: if that treaty is abrogated, it will
place, the two countries precisely in the condition
m which they stood before the treaty was made,
and it will bring up that vague and so far unde-
fined doctrine called the Monroe doctrine; and it
will devolve upon the country either to maintain
that doctrine and to carry it out, or to repudiate it.
Mr. COLLAMER. And especially to define it.
Mr. MASON. And to define it, of course, be-
cause we could not maintain it unless it was de-
fined. That may all necessarily occur for all that
I know; but at present, so far as we have any
official information, we have reason to believe
that the Executive, where this power and this
responsibility reside by virtue of tiie Constitution,
is engaged at this very time in an effort to avert
the consequences that may ensue if we are driven
to an abrogation of that treaty.
We were informed by him in his annual mes-
sage at the last session that it would seem to be
the most natural course for two sensible Govern-
ments to pursue if they differed about the con-
struction of a treaty, to put an end to the treaty
upon which they thus differed in construction,
and set to work to make another one, Which is
certainly a very sensible view of the subject. But
he said further, that Great Britain had made over-
tures to him to eildeavor mutually to agree upon
the existing treaty without taking the hazard of
abrogating it and making a new one; and that he
had accepted those overtures as he was bound to
do, unless he was prepared to go to war. At this
session, following out the communication made
at the last session, he tells us that negotiations
were opened pursuant to those overtures, and are
pending not only with Great Britain, but with the
Central American States whose relations are in-
terested in those questions; and he tells us, I think
very wisely, that because they are pending, and
only because they are pending, he deems it un-
wise to make them public.
In that state of things, the honorable Senator
calls upon the President, (although in the cour-
teous language that such resolutions always bear,
" to communicate it, if not incompatible with the
' public interest," ) within one week after he tells
us that negotiations are pending, the character
: of which ought not for the present to be disclosed,
without any other intervention than this formal
! caution, todisclose the whole correspondence. If
; I were to vote for that resolution, I should con-
! sider, although it was in the formal tone only of
i propriety and politeness, that the Senate had
; made a demand on the President, overruling his
j discretion, for information about the construction
| of a treaty. It was to avoid the necessity ofgoing
into this debate that I had declined heretofore,
so far as I was concerncd, to call up the rcsolu-
