106
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 16,
tion. As I have said before, without intending
the slightest discourtesy of any kind, either to
the honorable mover or to the resolution itself,
if it be taken up, I shall move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am reluctant to occupy
any part of the time of the Senate on this ques-
tion; but the remarks of the Senator from Vir-
ginia will perhaps excuse me for saying a single
word.
The Senator is pleased to say that he has no
information on this subject beyond that which
has been communicated to the public. It so hap-
pens, Mr. President, that I was in a position at
the last session, in which I acquired some knowl-
edge that is not before the public, and if those
facts can be brought to light, (whether they cun
or not, I am willing to leave to the discretion of
the President to determine,) I think the Senate
and the country will see abundant reasons for
such a movement as I favor. The Senator from
Virginia will doubtless remember a conversation
which occurred between him and myself at the
last session. I do not propose to repeat the con-
versation, but I have no doubt he has memory
enough of it. I allude to the one which he held
with me at the instance of certain other persons,
the object of which was to prevent my pressing,
in the House of Representatives, a proposition
which 1 had reported, or was about to report from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, relative to
the abrogation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. I
then gave the Senator somewhat in detail some of
my reasons for thinking that this movement
ought to go on. Whatever reasons I then had,
operate more strongly at this time, or rather 1
have additional reasons for thinking the course
then indicated was right. The Senator will do
me the justice to remember-—at least I presume
his memory recalls the conversation—that after
hearing what he had to say, I went into a pretty
full detail and indicated to him why I thought that
matter ought to be pressed to the utmost; and I
hope very much that something may occur that
will bring before the public all the facts which 1
know to exist; but until that is done, it seems to
me all we can do is to make this inquiry of the
President.
JNTow; in what position do we stand ? A year
ago the Presidentspoke of these negotiations. Me
said he hoped they might end m something favor-
able, but a brief period would determine. One
year has elapsed; and from the tone of the Execu-
tive message it would seem that so far from being
nearer any result, we are further from it. The
President seems now, as far as his message is
concerned, to have lost all thought or hope of any
abrogation of the treaty, which is the plain point,
I confess, that I had in view; and now in what
attitude are we placed ? It seems from his state-
ments in his messages, and particularly in this
year's message, that the attempt to negotiate with
Great Britain has not been satisfactory, and that
tiie attempt to negotiate with the Central Ameri-
can States has not been satisfactory; that is, the
attempt to negotiate with Nicaragua has failed.
They did not think properto ratify such a treaty
as we desired. Well, there is a hope held out in
the message that the British Government will
make separate treaties with Nicaragua and the
other Central American States, that will be satis-
factory to us. Now, I appeal to the Senate, what
reason have we to enteitam any such hope? I
have great respect for the Executive; but this is
the state of the ease: Great Britain refuses to
make a treaty such as we desire, and Nicaragua
refuses to make such a treaty; then what hope is
there that when they come to make a treaty be-
tween themselves, they will grant to us what they
refused to us directly?
It seems to me that steps are being made back-
wards; and I say in all candor to the Senator
from Virginia, that my purpose is, if I see any
hope of passing it, provided some other Senatoi
does not make the movement, to bring the ques-
tion in some practical shape before the Senate. I
think that treaty ought to be abrogated at all
hazards. I desire to be thrown back where we
were before it was mode. It is conceded by every-
body that, so far from our having gained any ad-
vantage by means of this treaty, Great Britain is
stronger in those countries now than she was be-
fore it was made. The excuse for it was, that she
was to be ousted from Central America. The.'
treaty was made eight years ago; and there is not,
I believe, a single intelligent man in the country
v/ho does not admit the fact that Great Britain
has more power in that region, and has been
getting stronger there every day, while we have
held off.
But the Senator seems disposed to alarm us
with the idea that we shall have to define and
carry out the Monroe doctrine*. I do not profess
to understand it, nor do I care what it is; but I
am willing to go as far as any other Senator to
take care of the material interests of the country.
Suppose we could abrogate this treaty to-day: it
might be impolitic in us to make any movement
in Central America now. Irather think, perhaps,
it would be. I am not, however, prepared to
speak decidedly as to that. But, if you get this
treaty out of the way, two years will not roll
over our heads before there will be an opening.
We have had two opportunities, to my certain
knowledge, within the last four or five years,
when there was every prospect that a favorable
movement might be made. Three or four years
ago, when the Panama outbreak occurred, it is
well known, England and France were together
in the Russian war, and I believe that then, but for
this treaty, our Government could have righted
itself. 1 rather think that last spring there
was another favorable opportunity, when it is
well known that England, besides the troubles
of the India rebellion, which had not then been
suppressed, and the Chinese war, which was yet
undetermined, was threatened with European dif-
ficulties. I do not pretend to inquire now the
facts were, but everybody knows that the British
Government at that time looked with alarm upon
the conditton of things in France; that the whole
British press was sensitive on the subject, and
that the British Government went to work to arm
themselves at home. There was a sensitive state
of feeling prevailing there at that time, and I
think it quite possible that there may have,been
an opening for us then. I may be altogether
wrong in this, but what I desire to indicate is,
that if we get this treaty out of the way, we can
act according to circumstances.
Therefore, whether this resolution pass or not,
I intend, if 1 see the least hope of success, to press
some proposition of that kind. A year a«£0, I
thought it was right simply to request the Exec-
utive to take steps to abrogate the treaty. As the
Executive has accomplished nothing in that re-
spect since that time, I am very much inclined to
think that I would vote for a stronger proposition
now. Gentlemen know very well that in the year
1798 a treaty with France was abrogated by Con-
gress. That was a strong and decided measure,
and I would wait a long while before I would pro-
pose to go to such an extent her*f; but I think it
is due to the country that we should have all the
infoimation we can get on the subject. I have
brought forward this proposition at this time, not
expecting that it would give rise to any general
discussion in relation to this particular treaty. I
thought it was a bad one at first; but, under the
interpretation of Great Britain, it has grown worse
and worse every day.
If my resolution be taken up, and gentlemen
object to the preamble, I am willing to waive that.
It indicates my own individual opinions; but I do
not desire other Senators to adopt it, unless it con-
forms to their opinions. Unless the Senate arc
willing to allow the resolution to go through as a
whole, I do not care to have a mere naked pre-
amble adopted, which effects nothing. The prop-
ositions it contains may be adopted hereafter. 1
throw them out in this shape now as argumenta-
tive merely, as presenting reasons why some call
ought to be made. If it shall turn out that the
President cannot give us the information, it may
be that another proposition will be brought here.
I have said thus much, sir, because I thought it
due to the remaiks of the Senator from Virginia,
lie and I differed at the last session widely in
regard to this question. He knows the reasons
which then operated on me; and they operate with
equal force at this time.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I do not want
to prolong this debate, and have no desire to go
into it; but, by some remarks that have been made,
I should perhaps be placed in a false position if I
did not explain myself. The honorable Senator
from Virginia assumes that a call for this informa-
tion at this time would be making an issue with the
President,and would be,so far asitgoes,express-
ing a want of confidence in the management of the
negotiations by the Executive. Sir, I have go such
opinion as that; and I am not willing to be placed
in such a position. When we make a proper call
for information, I cannot see how those who make
that call in respectful language can be placed in
any such position as that of making an issue with
the Executive in relation to the management of
negotiations.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to make a suggestion
to the honorable Senator. The President has told
us, within a week, of the pendency-of these ne-
gotiations; and he has told us that, in his judg-
ment, it is not compatible with the public interest
to communicate the correspondence concerning
them. Now, if, without any further communi-
cation'from the President, and within that short
period, we call upon him to send us that corre-
spondence,! cannot but infer, whatever the design
may be, that the vote will show that we differ with
the President as to what is compatible with.the
public interest in a matter which is peculiarly
within his cognizance.
Mr. SHIELDS. While the President, in his
message, makes the statement which the honor-
able Senator from Virginia has very fairly pre-
sented, I think he goes still further, and suggests
the propriety of arming the Executive with au-
thority to use the Army and Navy in Central
America. It is necessary that we should have
some information before we can act on that sug-
gestion.
But I rose especially to notice the suggestion
of the Senator from Virginia—for whose opinions
I entertain the highest rcspect, both as the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
as an able statesman—that to abrogate the Clay-
ton-Bulwcr treaty would lead to war. [Mr. Mason1
shook his head.] I misunderstood him, then. I
thought he intimated that we must he prepared
forsome extraordinary result if the Clayton-Bul-
wer treaty should be abrogated. Our position, in
that case, would be an exceedingly unfortunate
one; because, for my life, I cannot see what we
have gained by the Clay ton-Bulwer treaty. Great
Britain, as the greatest maritime Power in the
world, has this moment possession of all the com-
manding ports of Central America, precisely as
she had before that treaty was formed. It has not
changcd her position there in the slightest; but
our hands are completely tied.
I will not go into that, however. But when the
honorable Senator says that to make a respectful,
courteous call upon the Executive for information,
if such information is compatible with the interest
of the public, is making an issue with the Exec-
utive, I think he does wrong to those who will
vote for this resolution. I have no such inten-
tion, as far as I am concerned; but I do believe
that it would be wise and politic, at this moment,
if there be any information, as suggested by the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, that can
be laid before the public without injury to this
negotiation, that it should be laid before the pub-
lic at once. I have no fears of difficulty arising
there. I should regret it exceedingly, and regret
any measure that would lead to any difficulty;
but I think a respectful call for information can
have no such effect. Even if we should refuse to
make the call, a resolution might be introduced,
such as the honorable Senator from North Caro-
lina suggested—and when in the other House, I
believe he offered such a resolution—to abrogate
this treaty; and then the question would come up,
and we must meet it. In the mean time, if there
bo any information on the part of the President
which would prevent the Senate from moving in
that matter, I think it would be wise and well
that it should be called for and laid before the
Senate.« 
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bright, Broderick,
Clark, Clav, Clingman, Crittenden, Fitzpatnek, Green,
Houston, Iverson, Mason, JPolR", Reid. Rice, Shields,
Toombs, Trumbull, YV'adc, VVaid, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messis Alien, Bell, Bjgler, Chandler, Collamer,
Davis, Dixon, Doohrtle, Duikee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot,
Foster, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Hammond, Harlan, Ilunter,
John-sun of Tennessee, Jones, King, Sebastian, Seward,
Shdell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, and Wright—28.
So the Senate refused to consider the resolution.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairwill cull
