108
THE CONGRESSIONAL JjLOBE.
December 16,
not go into the consideration of the commercial
advantages of the trade with the western portion
of Asia—a trade that may grow up unuer the
operation of the treaties lately concluded by our
Government with Japan and with the Chinese
empire. All these things I leave out of view,
but they may very well be taken into considera-
tion. They have already been elaborately and
ably placed before the Senate. I must, however,
say a word further tn justice to the gentleman
whom I consider to have been the pioneer in this
business, who first diffused this idea over the
States by great personal exertions and the exer-
cise of manly intellect. I allude to Mr. Whit-
ney, a man of decided and remarkable vigor of
intellect. It is due to him to say that ten or
twelve years ago he had a pretty full conception
of most of the arguments that have been present-
ed to the Senate from year to year in favor of
this measure, when it has been before this body.
The only astonishment is, that when they took
possession of the public mind as they have done
since the idea of the probability of such an enter-
prise was first diffused over the country, Con-
gress has slept upon this great and necessary
project.
No1^, sir, I do not suppose that I need say any-
thing more to show that my views on this sub-
ject have not chafiged in the slightest degree. If
^imagined that this question depended upon my
vote, and that it was likely that it would come to
a decision at this Congress, so strong an opinion
have I of the necessity of this work, that I
would make any private sacrifices to remain,and
listen to the discussion that may ensue hereafter,
until there is a final vote on the question. I shall
epdeavor to be present; but at this time I do not
expect to be able to be here when the vote shall
be taken, if the question is to be decided next
week.
Mr. STUAR 1\ I suppose it is understood that
tins question will be now informally passed over,
and I desire to ask leave of the Senate to call up
a bill simply for the purpose of making it a special
order. I refer to the bill which I moved to take
up yestci day—the bill granting lands to the States
for agricultural purposes. I merely wish to have
it taken up now for the purpose of being made a
special order for some day next week.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) Some disposition must be made of
the bill before the Senate.
Mr. GVVIN. I do not want, itto lose its post-
tion;but let itbe passed over informally, so that it
shall come up at one o'clock on Monday.
Mr. ST U A LIT. I do not intend to interfere
with that at ail ; but it will only take a moment to
dispose of my proposition. 1 suppose, by gen-
eral consent, the pending bill may be passed over
informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will treat the bill as passed over informally, un-
less there be objection.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. STUART. I move to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 2) donating lands to the several States mid
Territoiics which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I now move to make this bill
a special order for Tuesday next, ut o\e o'clock. \
The motion was agieed to. 1
ADVERSE REPORTS. j
Mr. DAVIS. I now renew the motion which j
I made this morning, to take up the Calendar and j
consider those coses hi which adverse reports have 1
been made by committees.
The motion wns agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason- in
the chair.) The Secretary will read over the names
of the cases m which there are adveise reports,
and the question will be taken on each at once,
utiles* some Senator desires that one shall be ex-
cepted.
Mr. STUART. I would suggest, for the con-
venience of the Chair and the Senate, that the
whole list be read; and, unless some Senator
makes an objection, let the Senate be considered
as agreeing to these reports, without putting the
question formally on each.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued, if there be no objection. Each
report, as stated, will be considered as agreed to,
unless some Senator indicates a desire to have it
reserved.
NATHANIEL CHAMPE.
The first was the adverse report of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims on the memorial
of Nathaniel Cliampe.
The report says that the history and public ser-
vices of Sergeant Major Champe, of Lee's legion,
during the revolutionary war, are well known.
The attempt to seize Arnold, after his treason,
which was planned by Washington and Lee, and
the execution intrusted to Champe, would, if it
had been successfully executed, have been one of
the most romantic events of the Revolution. But
his merit was not the less because it failed, as the
failure resulted from causes unforeseen and not
anticipated. To what extent Champe was re-
munerated pecuniarily, does not appear. It is
probable that the promises of Washington were
performed. Unless he was rewarded by Wash-
ington, there is no evidence that he received any
reward in his lifetime. He has been dead half a
century, and his descendants are numerous and
said to be poor; and if no provision had ever been
made for them, the case presents facts which
would bring it within the principles adopted in
other cases. But it appears that, by an act
approved July 7, 1838, the widow of Sergeant
Champe was allowed a pension for life, commenc-
ing from the 4th day of March, 1831, at the* rate
of $320 a year. By dating the pension back to
1831, she received $840, besides what accrued af-
terwards. Jt also appears that, by an act ap-
proved the 3d day of March, 1847, there was al-
lowed to his heirs the commutation pay of an
ensign for five years, amounting to $1,200, thus
allowing to his heirs, as a compensation for his
gallant conduct, what he himself was never legally
entitled to, as the resolution of October 21, 1780,
and the commutation resolve of 1783, included
only commissioned officers. The committee were
therefore of opinion that all had been done for the
boirs of Sergeant Major Champe which can rea-
sonably be asked for, and recommend that the
prayer of the petition be refused.
'JLhe report was concurred in.
JOHN ~WENTWORTH.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of John Wentworth.
H appears that the petitioner served in the Navy
of the United States during the last war with Great
Hutain; that he was a seaman on board the frigate
Constitution at the time of the capture of the
Guernere and Java; that he was wounded in the
bailie with the latter frigate; that on tiie 18th of
May, 1848, he was granted a pension of thirty-
six dollars per annum for his disability; and on
the 23d of September, 1851, his pension was in-
creased to fifty-four dollars per annum, on account
of the increase of his disability. The prayer of
the petition is, that the payment of the pension
may be made to commence from the 2d of April,
1813, the date of his discharge from the service.
The present law of the United States, and the
practice of the Department, are to allow the pay-
ment of pensions to commence from the time of
completing the testimony. Granting the prayer
of this petition will be a departure from the ex-
isting law; and until Congress is prepared to repeal
it, the committee are of opinion that it should be
enforced. They therefore recommend that the
prayer of the petition be denied.
The report was concurred in.
hopper's heirs.
The next was the report, of the Committee on
Pensions on tho petition of A. G. Hopper and
others, heirs-at-Iaw of Garnett A. Hopper.
The committee report that the purport of the
petition is to be allowed a pension for the revo-
lutionary services of the father of the petitioner.
Ry a recent decision of the Attorney General,
however, it appears that " children of revolu-
tionary soldiers cannot legally establish and re-
cover claims of this eharacter;5,and thecommittee
therefore report adveise to the prayer as made.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
ISAAC ELAUVELT.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of Isaac Blauvelt.
The committee report thatthepetitioner alleges,
without evidence, that his father was a revolu-
tionary soldier, and he therefore asks to be allowed
such pension as would have accrued to his father
at the time of his death, in 1843. By a decision
of the Attorney General, under which the Pen-
sion Office is now acting, even was the proof of
the service of the father complete, this petition
could not be allowed. The committee therefore
report adverse to the prayer of the petition.
The report was concurred in.
ELIJAH ROATH.
The next was the report of^the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of Elijah Roath.
Roath alleges that he was a soldier in the war
of 1812, and that, whilst engaged in active service,
he became injured in the left side, which rendered
him unfit for duty, and for a considerable time
unable to perform labor. His statements, how-
ever, are entirely unsupported by concurring tes
tim,ony, and therefore the committee recommend
that the prayer of the petition be not granted.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
GEORGE MAYO.
The next was the report of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, on the.petition
of the legal representatives of George Mayo,
deceased.
The petition alleges that about the 1st of Sep-
tember, 1831, George Mayo, at the suggestion of
his brother, the petitioner, who was at that time
a clerk in the Post Office Department, went to
work to assist him upon the duties of his desk,
George Mayo being at that time an applicant for
a clerkship in that Department. He was thus
employed for one month, when, it is alleged, he
was transferred by one of the Assistant Postmas-
ters General to other duty, which he performed
until the 1st of March following, when he volun-
tarily left the Department. At a subsequent pe-
riod he received an appointment in the Depart-
ment, which he had during all this time been
expecting, at a s,.Uu:y of $800 per annum, but
held the same only about a year before he was
taken sick and died. No evidence appears that
he preferred a claim against the Department dur-
ing his life for the services rendered prior to his
appointment.
The first claim that appears to have been made
was by the petitioner, in the year 1843, about
eleven years after the service was performed;
which claim, upon being presented to the then
Postmaster General, Mr. Wicldiffe, was rejected,
upon the ground that the records furnished no
evidence of an agreement to pay, and that, in the
opinion of Mr.Wickhffe, as Mayo remained with-
out being paid, or claiming pay, though the clerks,
regular and extra, were paid off at the end of each
month, he occupied a position in the office often
sought by young men, to do duty without charge,
in order to be m a favorable position for the first
vacancy; which opinion was subsequently con-
curred in by Postmaster General Johnson, in 1846.
It does not therefore appear that the employ-
ment of George Mayo in the Department prior to
his appointment was authorized by the Postmas-
ter General, the only officer competent under the
law to employ extra clerks in his Department; and
this fact, taken in connection with the fact that no
demand was made upon the Department during
Mayo's life, and not until nearly eleven years af-
terwards, justifies the inference that the Depart-
ment entertained the proper view of the case, and
in which view the committee concur. They feel
that the equity of the case is not sufficiently strong
to justify them in recommending the payment of
the compensation prayed for, establishing thereby
a precedent which might lead to much laxity and
abuse. They think it best to adhere strictly to
the rule that no clerks or officers shall be added
to the public service by the Executive Depart-
i ments beyond what is authorized by law and pro-
i vided for by appropriation, and therefore they
| recommend the adoption of the accompanying res-
olution:
Resolved, That the prayer of the representative of George
Mayo, dec«a*ed, ought not to be granted.
The resolution was agreed to.
JOHiV HUGHES. '
The next was the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs on the jietition of John Ilughes,
praying to be allowed a pension on account of in-
j juries received while serving as a private during
1 the war of 1812.
