1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
unquestionably, in that general view which all
sections of the country entertain, that the indus-
trial, the agricultural, the mechanical interests of
the United States are all, more or less, identified
with the acquisition of Cuba; but it comes from
a deeper-settled principle—that patriotism which
burns* in the heart of every American, and which
teaches him instinctively that the first blow this
country is ever to receive is from the direction of
Cuba. It must necessarily be so. I think I can
demonstrate that, if danger ever threatens us at
all from abroad, it must be from a point contigu-
ous to .our shores, and under the control of an-
other Power than ours; and the most important
point of all on the face of the earthy in that view,
is Cuba.
In the report which the Committee on Foreign
Relations have presented us with, wc have im-
portant statistics of the trade, commerce, and
resources of the Island of Cuba. Whatever in-
fluence this may have over the minds of gentle-
men as to the price to be paid for Cuba, it can
certainly have none whatever on the question of
whether we ought to have it or not. That is a
preliminary question. When that is decided, the
statistics will furnish us with an item as to the
cost; but there is one beyond, which we have yet
to consider, and that is the contribution that Cuba
herself may make to this purchase, which I am
prepared to show somewhat.
In a national point of view, I said that the first
blow this country is ever to receive, in any
contest, will bo near Cuba; necessarily so. The
Gulf of Mexico is emphatically an American sea.
Its waters wash the shores of five of our States.
All the rivers of Texas and Alabama, and part
of those of Georgia and Florida,-flow into it, to-
gether with the Mississippi, and all its tributa-
ries, exposing at least twenty-five thousand miles
of internal navigation. Over its bosom floats a
coramerte which, to-day, is worth §300,000,000;
and all this commerce passes between a narrow
strait ninety-four miles wide, presenting some
seventy-eignt miles of navigation; and this space
six steamers will bridge across, and speak each
other every fifteen minutes by signals; and with
a naval power it would be done, and the Gulf of
Mexico would be sealed up as securely as if na-
ture had reared a wall from the bottom of the
ocean to the top, until naval supremacy could re-
move the obstacle. There, at the mouth, you may
say, a hostile power could lay in wait, and sink
or capture everything that pretended to enter it.
In form it may be regarded, to use a familiar il-
lustration, as a demijohn on its side;and through
its mouth, between Cuba on the south and Flor-
ida on the north, floats this vast commerce, upon
which the hills of Cuba, like sentry boxes, look
down. Where would the first naval action, in
which this country would be engaged, take place ?
Necessarily there. It was predicted by two of
our leading naval captains, after the last war, on
just looking at that strait, that it must necessarily
"be so; because no sea upon (he habitable globe
offers the temptation to a maritime enemy against
our commerce, that the Gulf of Mexico does; and
when we shall enter into a maritime war, it will
be in an unprepared state. It will be as we are
now, when, if we were to put all the guns afloat
that we have, we should muster pnly eleven hun-
dred. '
There is another outlet to the Gulf of Mexico
that ought not to be lost sight of, and that is be-
tween the west end of Cuba and Yucatan, between
Cape Catoche and Cane San Antonio. That out-
let is one hundred and four miles wide; but from
the adverse winds and currents which prevail
there for eight twelfths of the year, and that por-
tion of the year when the great cotton crop and
the great products of the West are upon the sea,
no sailing ship ever attempts it. They go through
the other way. From Jamaica they come up
through the Yucatan pass, through the Gulf of
Florida. If they were to take the other outlet,
from the prevailing winds and currents there and
the circuitous passage through the Caribbean sea,
it would prolong the voyage to New York to
twenty days, when in fact it ought only to take
nine days; and under no circumstances will com-
meice seek that path.
Then, between Cuba and Florida passes the
commerce that comes from the Belize, the mouth
of the Mississippi, and from the Gulf terminus of
theTehuantepecrailroad; and if an enemy wishes
to annoy us to-day, they would not go to the Ba-
lize, they would not go to the terminus of the
railroad, they would go here to this pass, upon
the open sea, with a friendly or neutral port under
their lee, because they would be well assured
nothing could pass them.
Is not this plain ? Can it be disputed ? If it be
so, then, in a geographical point of view alone,
if no other, no prudent man in the United States
can disregard the acquisition of the Island of Cuba.
If a planter lose a bale of cotton on the Missis-
sippi, and leave it to the ordinary direction of the
winds and currents, what becomes of it? It takes
its way through the Balize, goes in a southeast-
erly direction, doubles the Tortugas,goes through
the Florida pass, and outinto the Atlantic. There
is scarcely a day, from that lone and distant Tor-
tugas, where we are now erecting a fortification,
that you may not see, in the business season,
from one hundred to one hundred and fifty square-
rigged vessels entering and clearing from "the Gulf,
because they necessarily hug the Florida shore,
not the Cuban shore, as Mr. Clinton supposed;
because on the Cuban shore there is a westerly
current, and it is an iron bound shore, too.
Now, sir, the possession of a position like this
on our very frontiers, at our very doors, cannot
be overlooked by any person. I know we have
held the language to Spain which is set forth in
the report of the committee, and it has been
quoted here, that so long as she chose to hold the
island, we would not disturb her in its posses-
sion. Mr; Jefferson held that language; but he
also intimated precisely the course I do here, that
the very moment we, as a powerful people, can
take Cuba by purchase, or by any other means
consistent with the honor of the country, we are
bound to have it as a measure of self-defense.
Gentlemen talk here about the West Indies, and
about Jamaica, and about the Bahamas. I would
not receive them as a gift; but when they can
show me that they are identified in any measure
with the defense and prosperity of our country,
I will consider the question. Great Britain, no
doubt, would give us the Bahamas to-day, and
would be thankful to us for taking them; but there
is not even a sloop-of-war harbor in the whole
Bahamas. From the distant Orinoco river to the
Caribbean sea, to the Bay Islands, to the distant
Bermudas, there is not a point on which a gun can
be planted or a standard raised, that Britain has
not taken possession of, while, at the same time,
she has sought to undermine us in every part of
the earth, even from getting a coal depot.
The day or our voluntary acquiescence in the
tenure of Cuba by Spain, I think, has passed, or,
if it has not, I think it ought to have passed. Have
gentlemen reflected, when they talk about being
satisfied with Cuba remaining in the hands of
Spain, that this language was used by our fathers
in our infancy, and in the day of Spain's strength
when she occupied a position before the nations
of the earth that she no longer occupies, for she
is now in the decline of life? Gentlemen may say
that should make no difference. Why, sir, it
makes this difference: in the event of war between
ourselves and any maritime Power to-morrow,
what would be the condition of Cuba? Spain
would still have it. Take the contingency of war
between ourselves and any maritime Power, and
what would be the condition of Cuba then ? All
that Spain would have to do would be to declare
the ports of Cuba perfectly neutral—open to both
belligerents alike. She undoubtedly has the right
to treat both belligerents alike; and neither has the
right to complain. In that case; the fifty-two ports
of Cuba, many of them the finest upon the face
of the globe, would be at the very points where
the enemy would place them, if he was placing
them. If a maritime enemy of ours wanted a port
of refuge, of repair, or of shelter, where would he
go for it, if nature had not provided it? He would
select this very spot on which nature has placed
the Island of Cuba. Then, if Spain, in the event
of war between ourselves and any other Power,
should remain perfectly neutral, it would be ex-
ceedingly better for the enemy, because he would
not have to maintain the government of the Island
of Cuba, while all the resources of the island would
be his for purchase.
i Have gentlemen reflected, that during the late
war between the allies and Russia we were per-
fectly neutral between both parties, and made
powder and guns for both parties, and our ships
transported the troops of the allies to the Crimea,
and would have been just as ready to transport the
troops of Russia ? Let that be the course of Spain;
let us go to war to-morrow with any maritime
Power, and what will Cuba be to us then ? The
necessity for taking Cuba would be overwhelm-
ing, it would be to us then what Florida was in
1812, when the necessity for occupying Florida
forced itself upon every thinking man in the Uni-
ted States.
Can that be denied ? And are we to wait until
a great necessity shall spring up in the policy of
a foreign country for Spain to hold it? Should
we not now, by every honorable means, endeavor
to acquire it, and to guard against a contingency
of this kind? If I am correct in this brief sum-
ming up the matchless geographical position of
Cuba upon this vast and growing trade of ours—a
trade which I have not touched upon at all, a
trade whose wealth is to be swelled by the enorm-
ous imports from China over the isthmus—if I
am right in this brief summary, does not that
alone answer alt the arguments which have been
urged against the acquisition ?
When I said that we were further off from ob-
taining the island now than we were twenty-five
years ago, I should say, in that connection, that
the island has become much- more valuable to
Spain. If she were to lose it, she would fall from
her high position at once. It is a matter of im-
mense revenue to her, and her indisposition to
part with it is much greater; while the facts that I
have been detailing, of its bearing upon the Gulf of
Mexico, its command over the Mississippi, and
over the isthmus routes, and the stab which it
would give to the vital interests of this country in
the event of hostilities, induce England and France
to encourage Spain in that opposition. What
interest have they in Cuba? None whatever.
England professes a desire to abolish the slave
trade. She made a treaty with Spain in 1817, to
go into effect in 1820; she made another, and a
much more perfect and binding one, m 1335; but
no session of Parliament passes without some
reflections on Spanish faith and Spanish credit,
for failing to observe their treaties; and yet, in the
very face of this, and with a knowledge of the
fact that the acquisition of Cuba by the United
States would at once abolish the African slave
trade forever, we find England entering into a
treaty formally to defend Cuba in the possession
of Spain; and #henever her public men speak of
it, down to the latest moment, they speak of
Britain resuming her reserved rights—as if she
ever had any on this continent on the question of
Cuba—to act as she pleased on this subject.
Now, sir, I would counsel speedy action in this
matter, because I believe I am able to show that
there is a deliberate intention upon the part of the
Government of Spain, following the lead and de-
mands of the Government of Great Britain, to
turn Cuba into a second San Domingo, or, in
other words, to liberate every African that has
been imported into Cuba since 1820. I believe I
can show that that has been demanded, and that
that has been responded to, and that that is the
settled policy of those countries; and that that
will be the issue unless Cuba comes to the Uni-
ted States. Now, I ask gentlemen upon the other
side, facing this question, if that is to be the alter-
native; if we are to acquire Cuba and govern her
| as a southern State, or if we are to assist to gain
I her own independence that she may establish a
I government upon the plan of ours; or if she is to
be abelitionized—that is, all her slaves since 1820
1 turned free—which horn of the dilemma will they
: take? I do them the justice to believe they would
! say: " Let us assist to establish independence in
! Cuba; let us lend our strong arm to them." We
; have been sending our ships there, with the stars
and stripes, in their harbors; we have spread our
! declaration, our living principles of civil and re-
! tigiousfreedomeverywherethroughoutthe world;
we have educated her men; we have married her
\ women; we have taught them to love liberty; and
now when they are seeking it, let us use the
strong arm and uphold them m their own defense;
do no^t let us abandon them to a fate which is too
horrible to describe. I believe I but do them jus-
tice in saying they would all advocate the speedy
acquisition of Cuba, even, as Mr. Calhoun said,
if they had to resort to war for it.
; Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question?
