1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
The application of the petitioner having been
submitted to the Navy Department for informa-
tion as to the facts stated in it, the reply was, that
after a thorough examination of Commodore Por-
ter's correspondence, nothing could be found to
show that Hughes was wounded in the service.
His name appears upon the rolls of the Essex at
the time stated by him; but the only proof which
he submits of his having been wounded while
serving in the Essex is his own affidavit. The
only provision made by Congress for invalids
disabled on board of private armed vessels, dur-
ing the war of 1812, is an appropriation for the
paymentof the pensions of those now on the list.
There is no law now in force under which ori-
ginal claims of this class can be allowed. The
committee are of opinion that the prayer of the
petition ought not to be granted.
The report was concurred in,
john pope.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs on the petition of John Pope, a
captain in the Navy, praying to be allowed the
difference between the pay he received and that
Commodore Abbott would have received had he
not died, for the time he discharged the duties of
commander of the squadron.
The death of Commodore Joel Abbott, com-
manding the East India squadron, on the 14th of
December, 1855, made Captain Pope the senior
officer on that station until the date of the sailing
of the Macedonian (which vessel he commanded)
on the 2d of February, 1856, for the United
States. In the mean time, Commodore James
Armstrong, who had been ordered to relieve
Commodore Abbott, left New York on the 25th
of October, 1855, in the steam-frigate San Jacinto,
for the East Indies. Captain Pope never received
any order from the Department to hoist a broad
pennant, nor was he recognized by it as com-
manding a squadron. He was at-Uiat time, and
is now, a captain, promoted under the act of Feb-
ruary 28, 1855, to fill a vacancy created by the re-
served list. Captain Pope, on the 28th of August,
1856, after the return of the Macedonian to the
United States, applied to the Department to be al-
lowed the pay of a commodore, and was answered,
that, " if there were no other objection to your
being allowed pay as commander of a squadron,
the allowance would be prohibited by the act of
February 28,1855, which decides the pay of offi-
cers promoted under that act." The committee
are of opinion that the petitioner presents no just
grounds for the allowance prayed.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
william h. kennon.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs on the memorial of William H.
Kennon, late purser in the Navy, praying for the
same compensation as has been allowed to his
predecessor and successor on board the United
States steam-frigate Mississippi.
While Mr. Kennon served in the Mississippi
she was a "steamer of the first class," and the pay
allowed by law to the purser of such a vessel is
§2,000 per annum. When Purser Bryan served
in her, she had been classed by the Department as
a "frigate,"and he was therefore entitled to pay
at the rate of §3,000 per annum. On the 3d of
Juno, 1845, the Secretary of the Navy directed
that, m the settlement of future accounts, she was
to be considered as a "steamer of the first class."
Accordingly, Purser Warrington, who succeeded
Purser Bryan, and Purser Kennon, who succeed-
ed Purser Warrington, were allowed §2,000
only. By a subsequent order of the Department,
dated on" the 22d of November, 1850, to take
effect on the 1st of January, 1851, the classifica-
tion was again changed,ana the Mississippi was
rated as a "steam frigate." Under this order Pur-
ser Ktting, who was then attached to her, was
paid at the rate of §3,01)0 per annum from the 1st
of January, 1851, but for his previous service he
was allowed at the rate of $2,000 only. When
Mr. Kennon was ordered to the Mississippi, it
was only his second cruise, and, by the regula-
tions of "the Department, if she had been rated as
a frigate, he would not have been entitled to have
been ordered to her.
The Fourth Auditor states that there is no evi-
dence on the files in his office to show that the
duties of Purser Kennon, during the year ana a
half that he was on board the steam-frigate Mis-
sissippi, were more varied or onerous than might
reasonably be expected to devolve on the purser
of a flag-ship of a squadron in the time of war. -
Doubtless, many transfers were made of stores
and money to other vessels; but when such trans-
fers were made, Mr. Kennon had only to take
receipts from the disbursing officers of those ves-
sels, upon the production of which he would re-
ceive credit for the amount. He did not act as
purser of any vessel except his own. There was
no peculiarity in his situation, nor any cause
arising out of the regulations or instructions to
which he was subjected, that would have prevent-
ed him, with the exercise of due diligence, from
keeping and rendering accurate accounts of his
disbursements.
The committee report that, in their judgment,
the memorialist has no just claim for the addi-
tional compensation prayed, he having received
the full pay to which he was entitled by his posi-
tion on the Register and the rate of the vessel to
which he was attached; and that his pay was
equal to the amount received by his immediate pre-
decessor and successor, during the period in which
the Mississippi was rated as a " steamer of the
first class." They therefore ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
The report was agreed to.
revolutionary claims.
The next was the adverse report of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims on the memorial
of heirs of revolutionary officers of the Continen-
taMme, praying for the repeal of the acts of lim-
j itation of 1792 and 1793, in order that the Court
of Claims may pass upon their claims.
The report was concurred in.
john d. alvey.
The next was the adverse report of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims on the petition
of Mary D. Hayes and B. S. Fassett, praying to
be allowed a pension on account of the services
of John D. Alvey, deputy postmaster at the head-
quarters of the army during the revolutionary war.
The report was concurred in.
thomas johnson.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of Thomas Johnson,
praying for a change in existing laws, so that all
pensions for wounds or injuries received while in
the line of duty in the military or naval service of
the United States shall commence from the date
of the disability, instead of the time of completing
the testimony.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let that pass over with-
out action upon it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That report
will be excepted.
jane stoneham.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of Jane Stoneham.
The petitioner alleges and proves that she is
the widow of Henry Stoneham. Record evidence
is also adduced, showing that one Henry Stone-
ham served for more than two years in the Vir-
ginia Continental line;but the petitioner has failed
to prove that her husband was the bona fide Henry
Stoneham who so served. It is alleged and proved
likewise that one Henry Stoneham was at the
battle of Guilford Court-House, in North Caro-
lina; but this is no evidence that he was in the
Virginia line, or that he served six months, if lie
was therein, because it is well known that those
were Virginia volunteers who engaged in that
battle. ..The petitioner asks for a pension in con-
sideration of the revolutionary services of her
husband; but, as the committee is of opinion that
the evidence adduced is not sufficient to establish
her claim, it recommends that her prayer be re-
jected.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
jane baker.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of Jane Baker, widow of
; Thomas Baker, for the pension which %vas granted
11 to her late husband for naval services in the rev-
j' olutionary war.
:j It was first presented to Congress on the 13th
;j of December, 1820, at which period the petitioner
i! is said to have been an aged person. A period
of nearly forty years has elapsed since the peti-
tion was first presented, and as no other papers
accompany it, nor any evidenee!is adduced show.-
ing the propriety of the case, the committee re,-
port adversely. If, however, the facts asserted
m the petition were proven, the petitioner does
not come within any class of pensioners, because
her husband did not die in the service of the Uni-
ted States. The committee therefore recommend
that her prayer be not granted.
The report was concurred in.
josiah locke's heirs.
The next was the report of the Committee On
Revolutionary Claims on the petition of R. S.
Hamilton and J. E. L. Hamilton, heirs of Jo-
siah Locke, an officer in the revolutionary army,
praying to be allowed a pension.
The adverse report of the committee was con-
curred in.
collections op exploring expeditions.
The next was the report of the Committee on
the District of Columbia on the memorial of the
National Institution for the Promotion of Scionca,
praying for an appropriation for preserving the
collections of objects of natural history intrusted
to their charge. The report of the committee
shows that in fact the collections are now in the
Smithsonian Institution—they were formerly in
the Patent Office—under the charge of the Gov-
ernment, and therefore the committee ask to bje
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
mary hopper.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of the heirs of Mary
Hopper, widow of John A. Hopper, a revolu-
tionary officer, praying to be allowed a pension.
The adverse report of the committee was con-
curred in.
richard e. randolph.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Public Lands on the petition of Richard E. Ran-
dolph, praying to be allowed bounty land for
services in the Florida war in the year 1836.
The adverse report was concurred in.
joseph do"wd.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of Joseph Dowd, late a
private in the Army of the United States.
The petitioner is no w in the receipt of the high-
est rate of pension allowed for full disability in
his grade in the service, and unless there should
be an alteration in the general law, the committee
are of opinion that his pension ought not to be
increased.
The report tff the committee was concurred in.
thomas henderson.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Private Land Claims on the petition of Thomas
Henderson, asking to be allowed the right to
pnter a certain tract of land in the State of Mich-
igan.
Mr. STUART. That subject has been re-
, committed to the committee at this session, and
I prefer that there should be no decision of the
Senate on it for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That report
will be reserved.
public lands in iowa.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Public Lands on the petition of citizens of Taylor
county, in the State of Iowa, praying to be al-
lowed to enter certain lands on which they had
settled, at the minimum price.
The committee report that no legislation on
the subject is at present necessary; they there-
fore report the petition back to the Senate, and
ask that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
alexander hays.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia on the petition
of Alexander Hays.
The petitioner represents that while he was
attached to the United States Army in Mexico,
in 1846, as a lieutenant, eighth infantry, he was
obliged to act as disbursing officer, receiver of
subsistence, &c. These duties were not ineum-
