1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. -I dislike to interruptgen-
tlemen to put questions; and I only do it now by
the Senator's permission. I wish to aslc him
whether, if slavery were abolished in Cuba, he
would then be willing to take it on any terms?
• Mr. MALLORY. I answer that question very
freely. I would not.
M?. FESSENDEN. Then what becomes of
the Senator's argument as to its being a point of
defense ?
Mr. MALLORY. I would not take it then,
because, if slavery were abolished in the Island
of Cuba, there would be a general massacre there;
for ten or fifteen years there would be war going
on. I am speaking of our acquiring it peaceably.
We should have to take it by war then.
Mr. FESSENDEN'. Would it wea'ken its
military position?
Mr. MALLORY. Its military position would
not be affected by it one iota. I do not see that
that question touches it; but I say that, in the face
of that alternative of turning the slaves free, we
had better meet the difficulty now, while Spain
holds a control over the island, and when, in
turning it over to us, she could also turn over her
authority.
Mr. President, Spain has a written constitution,
and under its provisions life, liberty; and prop-
erty find general security. In her national as-
sembly, or Cottes, the people, no less than the
State and the Church, are represented; but from
the provisions of this constitution, readopted in
1837, by a special article, and from the Cortes
also, unhappy Cuba is entirely excluded. She
sent her deputies there in 1837; but they were
ignominiously excluded. They published an in-
dignant remonstrance to the Spanish nation; but
it had no effect, and Cub^ was turned over to the
tender mercies of royal ordinances and royal
edicts; governed by a viceroy, under the title of
Captain General, who is clothed with all the pow-
ers usually devolved on the commander of a be-
sieged city; who exercises power over life, lib-
erty, and property; who, trained in the camp,
and at the head of an army, recognizing no di-
vided authority, enforces a despotic will at the
point of the bayonet; who, not unfrequently found
a traitor or a troublesome character in his own
country, is sent to Cuba to govern her people, to
burnish up his own reputation, and recruit his
fortunes.
I say the Government of Cuba stands out to-
day as the most appalling instance of mis-govern-
ment on the face of the earth—a despotism to
which the misrule of Japan is absolute freedom;
and I will say to my friend from Vermont, who
deprecated any allusion to the Government of
Cuba, that I am surprised at him. I am sur-
prised that, in this nineteenth century, here in
the American Senate, we should not be permitted
to speak of a despotism within almost hearing
distance of our own shores, which has existed
under our own eyes, to which our citizens are
compelled to submit, and which we have yet
made no effort at all to obviate. The Senator says
they are under no compulsion to go there. We
have a treaty of amity and commerce witli Spain
of 1793, under which our people go there, and
they go there with the understanding that they
are entitled to all the rights, and subject to the
laws and usages, of Spanish citizens. To an
American the shield of the law means something;
it conveys, at least, the idea of some protection;
but let me tell him, that in Cuba, where the law
is the will of the Captain General, and where that
will depends upon an after-dinner notion orapre-
vious one, the term law is not to be applied to it.
Our citizens are there daily; and I say again, the
Government of Cuba is a proper subject of com-
ment, because thepeople of Cubaare entitled to our
sympathy; and, as I shall show before I sit down,
their antecedents and their whole conduct, from
the first moment they breathed the spirit of free-
dom, show that they evinced a desire to establish
their own independence ana come under the stars
and stripes of our country; and they merit our
respect, our confidence, and our sympathy. A
very intelligent English traveller, (Phillips,) who
cannot be supposed to be biased, says of the
Government of Cuba:
" The Governmentof Cuba, though, as already said, simi-
lar to that of the parent State, is much mure oppressive. It
is a kind of military despotism, or, rather, an oligarchy,in
which the love of dominion is carried to a species of fanati-
cism, and degraded into meanness. As nothing is too large
for its ambition, so nothing is too small for its cupidity. Its
appetite is insatiable, and its digestion omniverous. There
are no limits to its rapacity. Both the legislative, judicial,
and executive power are almost entirely in the hands of the
Governor. Indeed, the power with which he is invested is
almost equal in extent to that granted to governors of be-
sieged towns. Even the higher classes may be said to have
no civil rights ; neither those of personal liberty, personal
security, nor personal property; immunities declared by
Blao.kstone as the inalienable birthright of every man.
" The taxation is said to exceed in variety and extent
that of any taxation Imposed by any Government in any
country of its size upon earth, viz: upwards of twenty mil-
lion dollars collected by the order and for the uses of the
Spanish Government alone, independently of those appro-
priated to the wants of the country itself, or for social pur-
The Creole population are excluded from almost all in-
fluential and lucrative offices and positions. The judges
and most of the officials are from Spain ; and, being with-
out salaries, like so many vultures they prey upon the un-
protected within their jurisdiction. There arc no means,
dishonest, tyrannical, or cruel, which the Spanish author-
ities have left untried in their apparent endeavors to ruin
the colony. Bribery and corruption seem to be recognized
as necessary methods of this Government."
The natural fruits of such a Government as
this, are visible to every eye in Cuba; they are
making themselves manifest everywhere, and
every department of her Government exhibits,
habitually, in all its intercourse with our citizens,
a degree of corruption that can hardly be imagined
—a corruption that extends from the highest offi-
cer to the lowest, from the Captain General, who
"receives his bribe in ounces for violating the faith
of his country, for violating- her treaty obliga-
tions, for admitting slaves knowingly, down to
the humble tide-waiter, who receives his bribes
in dollars for making a false custom-house return.
All is corruption, all is bribery in their officials,
and integrity is the exception to the rule. Are
the people of Cuba responsible"forthis ? Sir, they
rise above it, and in spite of it; and, as something
has been said here to their discredit, let one speak
somewhat in their favor, who knows something
of them. I profess to know something of Cubans
for the last twenty years, and I would remind
those gentlemen who have dealt here in wholesale
abuse, and in some innuendos against their indis-
position to liberty, against their incapacity for self-
government, against their ignorance and super-
stition, that in a population of about six hundred
thousand whites they sustain one daily journal, at
least, having nine thousand daily circulation,
while in the mother country there is not a single
paper that has two thousand, and that daily jour-
nal, about the size of our Journal «f Commerce,
is twice the size of any in Spain.
Let me say that, deprived of every office of
honor, trust, and profit—not Ousted in the Army,
not permitted to enter the Navy, not permitted to
enjoy any of the benefits of the church, not per-
mitted to leave tlife island, or return, without per-
mission; or bear arms, or enter upon a trade, or
transfer a residence, without permission-.crushed
by law, and looked upon by habit as an inferior
race, they have yet speedily adopted all our me-'
chanical contrivances, they have shown the most
remarkable capacity for managing their own af-
fairs, in the administration of the island, as its
unrivalled prosperous commercial and agricultural
condition to-day manifest. They are the planters
and mechanics of Cuba, while the old Spaniards
are the governing class.
They have sought the United States upon every
occasion; and those that you have seen here are
fair specimens of the Qubans. In private virtues
I do not believe they will compare unfavorably
with our own people. The spirit of hospitality
rests upon every Creole mansion in Cuba. Most
especially does it to an American, and an American
should be the last man on earth to complain of
the want of private virtue m the Creole population
of Cuba. The miserable pretense has been set
up, and sometimes urged here, that this people,
crushed and down-trodden as they are, do not
desire a change of government. It is the most
preposterous presumption on earth, that a people
thus crushed, living almost within hearing of our
own bells which celebrate our 4th of July, coming
to our country, educated in our public schools,
carrying back with them and spreading the prin-
ciples of civil and religious freedom, should tamely
submit to the rod, if they could possibly avoid it.
Why, sir, these people, within my own recol-
lection, have, on five diflerent occasions, organ-
ized a well-directed revolution; and the existence
and maintenance of an army of trained soldiers,
usually twenty-five thousand men, never less than
seventeen thousand, and Jiumbering-with the mi-
litia and partidos, twen'ty-£ve thousand at all
times, besides the Government-spies, in their
private houses—the very existence of -this force
shows how the liberties of the people of Cuba&re
guarded. But for the maintenance of a standing
army, a great deal larger than this co'untry ever
had, or I hope ever will maintain, foryeaVs, Cuba
would have been free by the exertions of herown
sons, long ago. On every occasion when man-
hood and courage could be shown, the people of
Cuba have not been backward. In that fittle mel-
ancholy affair of her chosen liberator, Lopez,
there was one company of forty-three men, com-
manded by a young Cuban of Cardenas, some of
whom went from our shores under my own eyes,
some of them were my own friends; they ap-
pealed to me whether to go or not; I told them
it was going to absolute, certain destruction; but
they left their wives, their children, their prop-
erty, nay, they would not take a suit of clothes
with them, because they would have to go back
to their houses to pack them up. They elected
cheerfully to die, and, they said to me, they would
be ashamed to look their countx-ymen in the face,
if they could remain away-when there was an ex-
pedition on foot to free the Island of Cuba; and I
believe, to-day, they but expressed the, honest
conviction of every Cuban heart in the island. I
believe there is not a Creole in the island, who
would not raise his hand for freedom; and if the
island is to be bought, they are ready to raise
money. Gentlemen here have not entered into a
calculation of'the fund that may be raised on the
Island of Cuba, either by the sale of her public
property, the acquisition oft her public lands, or
the voluntary subscription of her own people.
But, sir, they are habitually crushed by the
despotic will of a Captain General at Che point
of the bayonet—a man who, as I said, has been,
perhaps,'sent from Spain to get rid of a trouble-
some customer. In illustration of this, I need go
no further back than the present reigning Vice-
roy. All men who have given any attention to
the affairs of Spain, will recollect very well that
this same General Concha rebelled and revolted
against his Royal Sovereign in Gallieia. They
remember very well that he turned over to the
Government, and was sent back to murder and
butcher his old companions, whom he had as-
sisted in rebellion. They remember that,*after
he returned from the Island of Cuba, in 1853, as
Captain General, he again raised the standard of
revolt against his Q.ueen to depose her, and made
his pronunciamento in the streets of Madrid; that
he fled, was pursued, apprehended, convicted,
declared a traitor, and condemned to death; but
with the tortuous ways of Spanish diplomacy and
General Concha's own matchless character and
ability for intrigue, he was recalled from Spain,
where he was planning, then, independence for
Cuba, and sent to Cuba and declared a loyal citi-
zen, to govern over that island; and when he got
there, in perfect keeping with his character for in-
trigue, he seized the very friend who had stood by
him in his adversity, and who, it was supposed,
was possessed of papers which mightcompromise
him, and he commanded the judges to put that
friend to death, because he said he had in his
possession sufficient evidence to convict him of
treason. Under his dictation, but fortunately
spreading the order upon their records, they did
put him to death; and Pinto was garroted under
his orders.
Such men as these are sent to the Island of
Cuba to govern these people, with a nominal sal-
ary of $50,000 a year, but a despotic will to crush
the people out of any amount of money they may
think proper. But^in spite of all this, the people
of Cuba to-day present a degree of commercial
and agricultural prosperity that is hardly to be
seen in any similar latitude upon the face of the
globe.
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Senator from
Florida give way for a motion to adjourn ? It is
now quarter past six. He can go on to-morrow.
Mr. MALLORY. I give way.
Mr. fjROWN. I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia to suspend his motion for a moment. Be-
fore the conclusion of this question, which the
Senator fipm Louisiana has given us notice he
means to press to-morrow evening, I shall desire
