110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
bent upon him under his commission in the line,
but arose from the exigencies of the service on
several occasions; and in the settlement of his
accounts at the Treasury, he finds himself charged
with $2,050 57 on cash account, and £1,934 71 on
account of subsistence stores. In the account
making up this first item, Lieutenant Hays is
charged with drafts made upon and paid by Cap-
tain R. E. Clary, in December, 1847—§1,500;
which, in his correspondence with the War De-
partment, he pronounces forgeries, and he also
declares that $400, charged in the same account
for "discount on draft," was a fraud practiced
upon him by his clerk. These are the only ex-
planations made by Lieutenant Hays for these
deficiencies, (the residue of (he #2,050 57 being
errors in calculations, $23 35; $80 paid for clerk
hire disallowed, and $48 received by him from
Captain J. H. Young, which he did not acknowl-
edge.) For the second item, $1,934 71, for sun-
dry provisions turned over to him at Puebla,
Mexico, in October, 1847, ho does not account in
any way, nor have any returns been received at
the War Department showing their application
to the public service; but some unsigned vouchers
were left by him with his account in the Third
Auditor's office, for which, of course, he cannot
be credited without some satisfactory explanation.
The committee do not find any reasonable offsets
to these charges against Lieutenant Hays, and
report that the prayer of the petition be denied.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
ROGER KEAN'S HEIRS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Clai/ns on the memorial of Jane
M. Kean, Mary A. Reynolds, and Catharine E.
Xvean, heirs of Roger Kean, deceased.
The petitioners represent themselves to be the
children of Roger Kean, who was first a lieuten-
ant, and afterv\*trds commander, of a private
armed vessel named the Holkar, fitted out at Phil-
adelphia—a very successful cruiser against the en-
emy in the war of the Revolution. The prayer of
the petitioner is, that the officers of the national
Navy, and of private armed vessels, may be put
on the same footing as the officers of the army of
the Revolution. The only claim which officers of
the army or their descendants have on the Gov-
ernment ure such as arise from the resolution of
October 21, 1780, by which half pay for life was
promised to all officers who should continue in the
army to the end of the war, or to such supernu-
meraries as should be displaced by the reorgani-
zation of the army, then about to take place. The
reasons, so far as we can learn them from cotem-
poraneous history, applied solely to the army.
Many attempts were made to enlarge the resolu-
tion, so as to comprehend other classes,asappears
by the resolution of the 2Gth of January, 1784,
winch is: "That half pay cannot be allowed to
any officer, oi to any class of officers, to whom it
has notherutofore been expressly promised." In
the Journal of Congress, May 16", 1785, volume 4,
page 518, it is stated that, on the report of a com-
mittee, to whom was referred the petition of Jo-
hannah Young, widow of the late John Young,
commander of the sloop-of-war Saratoga, in the
service of the United States, praying for a reso-
lution to entitle her to half pay, it was resolved
" that it is inexpedient to comply with the prayer
of the said petitioner." If the Congress refused
to grant the half pay, or its substitute—commuta-
tion for five years' full pay—to the widow of an
officer of the Navy, the committee are unable to
perceive any reason for extending the half pay to
their children or descendants, after a lapse of sixty
years, and especially to officers of private armed
vessels, who generally reaped an abundant reward
in the profits of the prizes captured by them. They
therefore recommend that the prayer of the peti-
tion be refused.
The report was concurred in.
HEIRS OF SAMUEL HAMMOND.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims on the memorial of the heirs
of Colonel Samuel Hammond.
The petitioners are the children of Samuel Ham-
mond, who served in the war of the Revolution,
in the militia of the State of South Carolina, as i
captain, major, and colonel. The memorial states,
in substance, that at the commencement of the
war he resided in Virginia, where he was actively
engaged in defense of that State, and was engaged
in several military expeditions and battles; that
in 1779 he removed to South Carolina, and from
that time to the end of the war he was almost
constantly engaged in the military service. He
was at the assault on Savannah, and after the sur-
render of Charleston, in May, 1780, he partici-
pated in nearly all the battles which were fought
in the upper partof thatState, and in North Caro-
lina. He was at the Cowpens, King's Mount-
ain, Guilford, the siege of Ninety-Six, and the
battle of Eutaw, by which the enemy were driven
into Charleston, and the whole interior of the
State reconquered from the dominion of the Eng-
lish troops. For these services, and many sacri-
fices of money and property, he never received
any remuneration, except a pension under the
act of June 7, 1832,of #600 per anuum, until his
death, in 1842. The prayer of the memorial is,
that the children of Colonel Hammond may be
put on the same footing as the children of officers
' of the Continental line, and paid the same amount
as they would be entitled to if their father had
been a colonel in the regular Army.
The evidence furnished is the same as that
upon which the pension of Colonel Hammond
was allowed, and some historical notices of him,
in books relating to the events of the revolution-
ary war. These furnish no evidence of any pe-
cuniary debt due to him, or losses of property
for which any indemnity was due to him from
the Government of the United States. But they
show that he was an active and enterprising offi-
cer, and rendered very important and useful ser-
vices in the memorable stiuggle to conquer "the
State of South Carolina, which had been almost
entirely subjugated after the fall of Charleston.
But these services, however great, were such as
were rendered by many others, who have never
received any compensation whatever, not even
the pension which Colonel Hammond received
for'a period of ten years. During the Ions con-
tinuance of the war, (a period of great suffering1
and privation,) with but few exceptions, every
patriot did his duty according to his station and
ability. Congress, under a very pressing emer-
gency, by the advice of the commander-in-chief,
promised to those officers then in the service of
the United States half pay for life, on the condi-
tion of their continuing in the service to the end
of the war. The benefit of this contract has
never been enlarged, except in a few extraordi-
nary cases, and the committee are of opinion that
in the present state of the Treasury it would be
unwise to inaugurate a new class of claimants,
the extent of which can scarcely be conjectured.
If the door is once opened, the applications will
be by hundreds, if not thousands, who have, or
at least think they have, equal merit with these
petitioners. The committee, therefore, recom-
mend the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioners be not granted.
The resolution* was agreed to.
MARY B, RENNER.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the petition of Mary 13. Renner.
This claim is for the amount of twenty per
cent, deducted from the aggregate of the original
claim,presented to the Fifteenth Congress, which
allowed the claim, less twenty per cent, on the
prices charged for the articles destroyed, and a
small sum to cover the expenses of removing the
same to and from a place of safety.
It appears that, during the war between the
United States and Great Britain, the British forces
took possession of Washington city, in August,
1814; that, at the time, Renner & Heath owned
an extensive rope-walk in the city, at which they
were manufacturing hemp, cordage, &c., for the
United States; that, they had a large quantity of
materials on hand in their rope-walk; that, in
consequence of the act of the United StateJfthey
were prevented from removing their property to
a place of safety, in consequence of which they
suffered the loss of the same—it having been set
on fire, together with the buildings, and destroyed,
by order of the British commander. Shortly after
the war, and duiing the Fifteenth Congress, the
parties presented their claim for indemnity. The
whole amount of the claim, as then presented,
was $24,161, exclusive of the value of the build-
ings. It was referred to the Committee of Claims
of the House of Representatives, and a report
made upon it by Mr. Lewis Williams, from that
committee, and a bill passed at that Congress
which allowed the amount of the claim for the
articles destroyed, deducting the sum of $4,953 40,
which latter sum was intended by the committee
and Congress to cover the expense of transporting
the materials to a place of safety and back, dam-
age done to the same thereby, and over charge in
the prices claimed for the articles destroyed. The
sum allowed and paid by that bill was $19,813 60
The claim for the balance of the property de-
stroyed,including the buildings, has been several
times, subsequent to 1815, presented to Congress
and rejected or failed to pass, until the Thirty?
Second Congress, when a bill passed paying for
the value of the buildings $5,650, and for seventeen
hundred and fifty pounds of twine, which was not
included in the original account of property de-
stroyed, and making the sum 'of $6,744. The
whole sum thus allowed to the parties amounts to
$26,547 60. The committee considered the prices
charged too high, and made the deduction. They f
therefore recommend that the petition be rejected.
The report was concurred in.
WILLIAM F. RUSSELL.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia on the memorial
of William F. Russell.
It appears that while the memorialist was ab-
sent from his home at Fort Capron, Florida, in
the month of November, 1853, two houses be-
longing to him, adjoining the fort,were taken pos-
session of by United States troops by order of
their commanding officer, and were so occupied
without his knowledge or consent, and without
rent, until the 15th December of the same j^ear,
when they were accidentally destroyed by fire.
The testimony of Lieutenant Dickerson is, that
he placed the family of a soldier in the houses,
under the impression that they belonged to the
United States; that the houses were so occupied
when he was removed from the fort; and Major
Haslcins, who succeeded him in the command,
testifies that the houses were burned on the 15th
December, 1853, while occupied by the soldier's
family. The soldier himself testifies as to the oc-
cupancy and cause of burning; and Manual Na-
varro, a practical house-joiner,besides corroborat-
ing the statements, declares under oath that the
houses so burned were worth $1,200; and his
statement is vouched for by the subscribing ma-
gistrate. The committee cannot understand how
these houses could have been taken possession of
and occupied so long without the knowledge and
consent of the owner, a resident of the place, and
there is no satisfactory proof that the property be-
longed to the memorialist; they therefore report
that his prayer be denied.
The report was concurred in.
ROBERT A. "WAINWRIGHT.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the petition of Robert A. Wainwright.
The petitioner prays to be reimbursed a sum
of money stolen from his possession, in Boston,
while he was acting as commandant of the arsenal
at Watertown, Massachusetts, and for which he
has accounted to the United States.
The committee being of opinion that due care
and diligence were not used, report that the pe-
titioner was not entitled to relief.
The report was concurred in.
MARTIN HUBBARD.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs on the petition of Martin Hub-
bard, praying indemnity for the loss of a vessel
owned by him, which was run into and sunk by
the United States steamer Engineer, Captain
Lovell.
On the night of the 6th May, 185C, which was
very dark and rainy, the Engineer was going
down the Chesapeake from Annapolis to Norfolk,
when she discovered alight, which was supposed
to be Lookout light, and made for it. It was soon
ascertained to be the light of another vessel, which
proved to be the schooner Buena Vista, owned
by the petitioner, commanded by Captain Turner,
and bound for Baltimore. Had Captain Turner
pursued his course, or the Engineer hers, the
collision could not have happened. The commit-
tee think that it should be investigated by a court
of law, in which all the facts could be fully drawn
out; and as it has not yet been decided that the
United States is bound to pay damages for the
