lit
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16.
num for the time he Was employed, deducting all
sums paid to him for services during that period.
In the execution of this act the accounting officers
appear to'have allowed the salary for the full pe-
riod claimed, but deducted the sum of $929 50,
($622 for money paid Mr. Rooker by the Com-
missioner out of his private funds, and |307 50
which he received as supernumerary police officer
at the Capitol.) The petitioners nowask the al-
lowance of the sum so deducted, and an additional
allowance of §350 per annum. Upon a revision
of the case, the committee is of opinion that the
sums were properly deducted, and that the rate
of compensation allowed was, under all the cir-
cumstances, a liberal one.
They therefore think that the prayer of the pe-
titioners ought not to be granted.
The report was concurred in.
ANN MATHIESON.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the petition of Ann Mathieson.
Robert Mathieson, the husband of the peti-
tioner, in the fall of 1856, went from Delaware
county, Iowa, to Spirit Lake,in Dickinson coun-
ty, for the purpose of entering upon and securing
a claim to a half section of public land, with the
purpose of making it the future home of his
family. He selected a claim and commenced his
improvements upon it, and continued them until
he was interrupted by the snow. lie passed the
winter at a neighboring settlement until the 12th
of March, when he and the settlers with whom
he resided were all massacred by a party of hostile
Indians, and their property destroyed or carried
off. It is in evidence that the property of Mr.
Mathieson was valued at about nine hundred
dollars. The settlers at Spirit Lake are protecting
the claim of Mr. Mathieson at Ocaboga Lake,
for the benefit of his widow and children. Mrs.
Mathieson asks that the claim maybe granted to
her children, and that the value of the property
destroyed may be paid to her and them. So far
as tile claim for remuneration for property des-
troyed is concerned, the committee are not awaie
of any principle heretofore recognized by Con-
gress which would justify its allowance from the
public Treasury; they therefore recommend that
It be rejected.
The report was concurred in.
JOHN M. HINTON.
The next was the report of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, on the memorial
of John M. Hinton, praying" additional compen-
sation to indemnify him for losses inconsequence
of the yellow fever at Norfolk, in 1855.
The memorialist alleges that in the year 1855 he
was contractor for carrying a daily mail from Nor-
folk, in Virginia, to Elizabeth City, in North
Carolina, and a tri-weekly mail from the latter
place to Edenton, in North Corolina, a distance
in all of about seventy-five miles; that lie under-
took the service at almost a nominal price, $1,400
perannum, intending to rely upon the income de-
rived from the transportation of passengers to and
from those places—particularly between Norfolk
and Elizabeth City—to make his profits, and to
that end he put upon the line between those points
four-horse instead of two-horse coaches; that soon
after commencing service the yellow fever broke
out in Norfolk,and prevailed to such an alarming
extent that the town authorities of Elizabeth City
passed an ordinance piohibiting the bringing of
passengers, or t:ven the mails, to that place from
Norfolk, and he was thereby deprived of all in-
come from passenger transportation during the
months of August, September, October, and a
part of November, of that year, and since that time
the travel between those points has been much less
than it was before the epidemic appeared in Nor-
folk.
In view of these facts, and the fact that he sus-
tained a heavy loss in supporting his team un-
employed during the existence of tire yellow fever
at Norfolk, he prays that Congress will authorize
to be paid to him additional compensation for that
scrvicc, to indemnify him for his losses, and to
bring the value of the service up to what it is
really worth, aside from the profits of passenger
transportation.
While the committee regret that so unhappy a
cause arose to disturb and disappoint the calcula-
tions upon which the proposals of the contractor
were based, they do not perceive any just prin-
ciple upon which this case can be distinguished
from the numerous others in which the expecta-
tions of profit from a contract to serve the Gov-
ernment are disappointed by unforeseen and even
unavoidable causes.
They therefore recommend that the prayer of
the memorialist ought n,ot to be granted.
The report was concurred in.
LUCRETIA BELL.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, on the petition of Lucretia
Bell, heir of Jane Van Deen, widow of Abram
Buskirk, a soldier of the Revolution.
The widow of the deceased soldier died before
the passage of the act of July 7,1838. If she was
entitled at all, it must have been under the act of
the 4th of July, 1836, which gives a pension to
the widows of all soldiers who, if living, would be
entitled to a pension under the act of June 7,1832,
who were married before the termination of thejast
period of the service of the husband. To establish
a right to a pension under this act, two things
are necessary: first, that the husband served six
months at least; and second, that the mariiage
took place during the service. There is, perhaps,
satisfactory proof that the marriage took place on
the 29th of November, 1778; of the service, the
evidence is not satisfactory. There is no evi-
dence of any service, except the affidavits of two
very old men, who say that lie was pressed into
the service in 1776 and 1777, and served during
these years, and in 1778—two years aqd nine
months in all; but whether he served after his
marriage is entirely uncertain. For this defici-
ency of proof, the Commissioner of Pensions re-
fused the application. At the date of this rejec-
tion, under some former interpretation of the
pension laws, it was held, that if a widow who
was entitled, died without receiving the pension
to which she was entitled, her children could re-
ceive it upon establishing her claim. Under this
decision, the children of Mrs. Van Buskirk, if
they could have furnished the requisite proofs,
would have been entitled to receive her pension
from the date of the act to the time of her death.
But it is understood that the present Attorney
General has given a different construction to the
pension law, and the rule of the Department now
is, that a pension is a gratuity to the pensioner,
and not an inheritable estate transmissible to the
heirs-at-lawof the deceased. In this construction
the committee concur; and, therefore, even if the
proof of the service of Abram Van Buskirk was
entirely satisfactory, the petitioner would be en-
titled to no relief. But she alleges that her mother
made application, but died before she was able to
perfect her proof. In relation to this, it is suffi-
cient to say that, independent of the insufficiency
of the evidence of service, there is no proof of
any such application. The papers from the Pen-
sion Office afford no such evidence. The com-
mittee therefore recommend that the prayer of
the petition bo refused.
The report was concurred in.
NANNIE DENMAN.
The next was the rc^brt of the Committee on
Pensions, on a memorial of Mrs. Nannie Den-
man, widow of First Lieutenant Frederick J. Den-
man, deceased, late of the United States Army,
asking a pension.
Lieutenant Denman was a graduate of West
Point in 1842, and was attached to the first regi-
ment of United States infantry. He was stationed
for several years on the northwestern frontier,
and when the Mexican war broke out was or-
dered, with his company, to join General Taylor,
and served through the war.' He was afterwards
stationed at Fort Terrett, in Texas, where he
died March 2, 1853, from an accidental gun-shot
wound. There is no law granting a pension to
the widow of an officer who died under the cir-
cumstances stated, nor are the committee aware
of any special act having been passed in such a
case. They are not prepared to establish a pre-
cedent in the case of Airs. Denman, and therefore
j recommend that the prayer of the petitioner be
denied, and ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of the case.
The report was concurred in.
JOSEPH PAUL.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions, on the petition of Joseph Paul.
Mr. Paul alleges in his petition that he served
as a private soldier in the war of 1812, having
been draughted at Delaware county, in the State
of New York, on or about the 5th of September,
1814, for the term of three months, and that he
was discharged on account of sickness at the end
.of two months and a half. There is, however,
no proof offered in corroboration of these allega-
tions. The disability of which he now complains,
is not, in the opinion of the committee, the result
of disease contracted, or injury received while in
the service of his country. They therefore recom-
mend that the prayer of the petition be denied.
The report was concurred in.
J. R. HAGNER.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the memorial of the guardians of the
children of Major J. R. Hagner, United States
Army, praying fojr a pension.
Major Hagner, a paymaster in the Army of the
United States, had, from the time of his entering
the service of his country up to the year 1855,'
been free from disease, possessing a vigorous con-
stitution, which had been preserved by a strictly
temperate life. In the year 1853 he was ordered
to Texas, and served afterwards at Corpus Christi,
whence he was ordered to Fort Brown, on the Rio
Grande, and charged with the payment of the
troops at the different posts for two hundred and
fifty miles up and down the river. The severity
of this labor, added to the insalubrity of the cli-
mate, seriously injured his health, and in the
spring of 1856 he suffered severely from the in-
termittent fever of the country, accompanied by
dysentery, and was advised by his physicians of
the danger ofliis remaining longer in that climate.
He then applied to the Department to be relieved,
and orders were issued to that effect; but the of-
ficer appointed to take his place was detained some
time, and Major Hagner continued to perform the
duties of his post, though suffering from sickness
and great debility consequent thereupon. At
length he became so worn down from disease, as
induced the commanding officer of the department
to grant him a sick leave, upon the certificate of
Surgeon Head, of the Army; but before he could
avail himself of this leave, he received an order to
attend a general court-martial, at Ringgold bar-
racks, which convened in October, 1856. He at-
tended the court, but became so much enfeebled
that, when released from his attendance there, he
was utterly unable to undertake a journey to New
York; and,after suffering from bilious dysentery,
died at Fort Brown, Texas, on the 6th of Decem-
ber, 1856. Notwithstanding the committee be-
lieve that Major Hagner died from disease con-
tracted in the line of his duty, they arc not willing
to establish the precedent of granting pensions to
the children of deceased officers where there is no
widow; and therefore recommend that theprayer
of the petitioners be denied.
The report was concurred in.
CHARLES WEST.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of Charles West.
The petitioner was a soldier during the war of
1812, having enlisted, for five years, on the 30th
of May, 1812, and was discharged the 19th of
May, 1817, as appears from a letter of the As-
sistant Adjutant General to the petitioner, dated
the 20th February, 1851. He claims a pension
in consideration of disabilities received while in
the service. There is no evidence before the com-
mittee, nor can any be obtained from the bureaus
where the rolls, &c., of the Army are kept, to
show that the petitioner received any wound or
other disability during the time for which he was
enlisted; and tliey ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of said petition.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
JAMES PURVIS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims on the petition of James
Purvis, praying for commutation.
He entered the service in the first Virginia regi-
ment, in 1775; he was afterwards appointed an
ensign, and continued in the Army until Febru-
ary, 1778, when he resigned. In January, 1779,
he was appointed a lieutenant, and afterwards
was promoted to a captaincy in the regiment
raised in Virginia to guard the prisoners stationed
at Charlottesville, in which service ho remained
