1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 21,
whereas the said witness denied himself to the messenger,
and tfled to avoid service of the summons, and afterwards
left this city, at which place the summons was served,
without answering to the same :
Resolved, That the Speakerissue his warrant, directed to
the Sergeant-at-Arms, commanding him to take into his
custody the body of said Hany Connolly, wherever to be
foundj and to have the same forthwith befoi e the bar of this
House, to answer for contempt of the authority of the
House.
I have here a copy of the subpcna §erved on
Mr. Connolly. He was sent for twice to Phila-
delphia, and was afterwai'ds subpenaed in this
city. Mr. Connolly called on me at my room
yesterday afternoon, and stated that since he
came here he had been notified that an offensive
missive was to be j>ut into his hands-, and that
when the subpena, inclosed in an envelop, was
handed to him, he did not read it, but tore it up
and threw it away. I insisted on Mr. Connolly's
remaining, and told him that I would convene the
committee early this morning to take his testi-
mony; but he said he could not remain, and re-
turned to Philadelphia. I ask the passage of the
resolution, and move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. COVODE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT LOAN, TARIFF, ETC.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the motion to suspend the rules, made
by Mr. Phillips, to enable him to introduce a
bid to provide for the payment of outstanding
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate
and fix the duty on imports, and for other pur-
poses.
l\Jr. LOVEJOY. I call up the motion which
I submitted last week, to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution for the payment of Mrs.
Mary J. Harris was adopted.
The SPEAKER. That motion does not take
precedence of the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays
on Mr. Phillips's motion.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether, if the rules be
suspended, he will accept my bill as a substitute
for his own ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will.
Mr. KET.PT. I object to debate.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask for the rending of the
bill.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether, if the rules be sus-
pended, he proposes to have the bill referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union? • *
Mr. PHILLIPS. It is my intention to move
its reference to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate, either
interrogativciy or othersvise.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to inquire whether
the bill which is now being read by the Clerk is
the same bill that was offered last Monday? I
believe another bill has been substituted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had the rightto modify his bill.
Mr, CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The bill
has marttfestly been changed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has a right to modify his bill at any
time before the question is taken. He might, per-
haps, have a right even to modify it after the
rules arp suspended?
Mr. GROW. Is that a modification of the
bill?
Mr. EONHAM. The objection to that is that
it is a substitute—an entirely different bill.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The object of read-
ing that bill is to give information to the House;
is it not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
what the object is.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I presume that is
the object, but nobody seems to be listening; and
ff any one was, the confusion is so great that he
could not hear.
Mr. McQJJEEN. My friend from Virginia is
much mistaken. I am listening to the bill with
great care, and am waiting to see a point in the
bill where the planting interests of this country
are not to be taxed to the highestdimit, but have
not yet reached such point in the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to
move to dispense with the further reading of the
bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
require unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
The Clerk continued the reading of the bill.
Mr* HOUSTON. I understand that the bill is
being read on my call. If that is the case, as
enough of it has been read to satisfy me that it
is the worst bill ever introduced into the House,
I withdraw the call for the reading.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objectioh, the
further reading of the bill will be dispensed with.
Mr. KELSEY. I object. I called for the read-
ing of the bill in the first place, and I want to
hear it.
Mr. KELSEY subsequently withdrew the ob-
jection.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, renewed it.
The reading was again resumed.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I ask that, by unani-
mous consent, the further reading of the bill may
be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
The bill is as follows:
A bill to provide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes, 10 authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties
on imports, and for other purposes:
lie it enacted by the Senate and Haute of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States he, and hereby i^, author-
ised, at any time, within twelve months from the passage
of tins act," to borrow, on the ciedit of the United States, a
sunVnot exceeding $21,000,000, or so much thereof as m
his opinion the exigencies of the public service may require,
to he applied to the payment of the appropriations made hy
law, and the baiancc of Treasury notes now outstanding,
and no other purposes, m addition to the money received,
or which may be received into the Treasury from other
sources: Provided, That no stipulation or contract shall be
made to prevent the United States from reimbursing any
sum borrowed under the authority of this act, at any time
after the expnation of two years from the 1st day of July
next, by the United States giving three months' notice, to be
published in some newspaper published at the seat of Gov-
ernment, of iheir readiness to do so ; and no contract shall
be made to prevent the ledeinption of the same at any time
after the expnation of six years from the said ist day of July
next, without notice.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That stock shall be is-
sued for the amount so borrowed, bearing interest not ex-
ceeding six per centum per annum. And the Secretary of
the Tieasury be, and i& hereby, authouzed, with the con-
sent of the President, to causo certificates of stock to be pre-
pared, which shall be signed by the Register, and sealed
with the seal of the Treasury Department, for the amount
so borrowed, in favoi of the parties lending the same, or
their assigns; which certificates ma^ be transferred on the
books of the Treasury, under such regulations as may be
established by the Secretary of the Tieasury: Provided,
that no certificate shall be issued for ales*: sum than $ 1,000 :
And, provided also, That, whenever required, the Secretary
of the Treasuiy may eau<e coupons of spirit annual interest
payable thereon, to be attached to certificated issued under
till* act; and any certificate, with such coupons of interest
attached, may be assigned and transferred by delivery of the
same, instead of being transferred on the books of the Treas-
ury.
Sro. 3. And be it further enacted, That before awarding
said loan, the Seeretarv of the Treasury shall cause to be
inserted m two of the public newspapers of the city of Wash-
ington, and in one or more public newspapers in other cities
of the United States, public notice that sealed proposals for
such loan will be received until a certain day, to be speci-
fied in such notice, not less than ilinty days from its first
insertion in a Washington newspaper; and such notice
shall state the amount of the loan, at what periods the
money shall In* paid, if by installments, and at what places.
Such sealed proposals sha'l lie opened on the day appointed
in the notice, in the presence of such persons as ma> choose
to attend, and the proposals decided on by the Secietary of
the Tieasury, who shall accept the most favorable offered
by responsible bidders for said stock. And the said Secre-
tary shall repoit to Congress, at the commencement of the
next session, the amount of money borrowed under this act,
and of whom, and on what terms it shall have been ob-
tained, with an abstract or brief statement, of all the propo-
sals submitted for the same, distinguishing between those
accepted and those rejected, with a detailed statement of
the expense of making such loans: Pro vided, That no stock j
shall be disposed of at less than Us par value. . 1
©EC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the faith of the •
United States is hereby pledged for the due payment of the ]
interest and the ledemptionof the principal ofsaid stock, i
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That from and alter the i
1st day of July next, in lieu of the duties heretofote imposed !
by law on the articles heremaftei mentioned, and on such
as may now be exempt from duty, there shall be levied, col-
Jected, and paid, on the goods, wares, and merchandise
herein enumerated and provided for, imported from foreign
countries, the following duties and rates of duty; that is to
say: First. On raw sugar, commonly called Muscovado or
brown sugar, not advanced beyond its raw stale by claying,
boiling, clarifying, or other process, 1 cent per pound ; on
syrup of sugar or of sugar cane, and concentrated molasses
or concentrated melado, 1 cent per pound ; on white and
clayed sugars, when,advanced beyond the rawstate?not
above numbei twelve, Dutch standard, by claying, boiling,
clarifying, or other process, and not yet refined, 1 cent per
pound; advanced above number twelve, Dutch standard,
and not yet refined, cent per pound; on refined sugar,
whether loaf, lump, crushed, or pulverized, 2^ cents per
pound; on sugars after being refined, when they have been
tinctuied, colored, or in any way adulterated, and on &ugar
candy, 5 cents per pound; on confectionery of all kmds not
otherwise provided for, 30 per centum ad valorem ; on mo-
lasses, 4 cents per gallon : Provided, That all syrups of su-
gar or of sugar cane, concentrated molasses or concenti ated
melado, entered under the denomination ofmolassesorany
other appellation than syrup of sugar, or of sugar cane, con-
centrated molasses or concentrated melado, shall be liable
to forfeiture to the United States; Provided, That an in-
spection, under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe, shall be made of all sugars and
molasses imported from foreign countries, in order to pie-
vent frauds, and the introduction of sugars, syrup of sugar,
syrup of cane, concentrated molasses or concentrated me-
lado, or bottling syrup, under the title of molasses, or in
any other manner.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid on the importation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned, the following duties; that is to say: First. On
brandy, forfhst proof $100 per gallon; on other spirits man-
ufactured or distilled from giain, for first proof 40 cents per
gallon; on spirits from other materials, for first proof 40
cents per gallon ; on cordials and liquors of all, kind*, 50
cents per gallon. On arrack, absynthe, kirschenwasser,
ratafia, and other similar spirituous beverages, not otherwise
provided for 50 cents per gallon ; on bay rum 50 cents per
gallon : Provided, That the duty upon brandy, spirits, and
all other spirituous beverages herein enumerated shall be
collected upon the basis of first proof; and so in proportion
for any greater strength than the strength of first proof. On
Madeira, Sherry, and Port wines, in casks or bottles, 75
cents per gallon ; on champagne and spaikhng wines, Bur-
gundy, and hock, in bottles, $1 00 per gallon, in casks 50
cents per gallon ; on Claret, Teneriffe, Sicily, and Canary
wines, in casks or bottles, 30 cents per gallon ; on all other
wines not enumerated 30 per centum ad valorem: Provided,
That all imitations of brandy or spirits, or of any of the said
wines, and all wines imported by any names whatever, shall
be subject to the duty provided for the genuine article,
which it is intended to repiesent, and to the highest rates of
duty applicable to the article of the same name: Provided
further, That when wines, brandies, or other spirituous^
liquors are imported in bottles, the bottles shall pay a sepa-
rate duty, according to the rate established by this act. On
ale, porter, and beer, in bottles 25 cents per gallon, other-
wise than in bottles, 15 cents per gallon; on all spirituous
liquors not enumeiated 30 per centum ad valorem. Sec-
ond On cigars of all kinds 40 cents per pound, and in ad-
dition thereto ten per centum ad valorem; on snuff 10 cents
per pound; on all other manufactured or unmanufactured
tobacco, 30 per centum ad valorem. ,
Sfc. 7. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on the importation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned, the fo^owmg duties; that is to say : First. On bar-
iron, rolled or hammered, comprising fiats, not less than
one inch or more than six inches wide, noi less than one
qiiditer of one inch or mote than one inch thick ; rounds,
not Ies«s than five eighths of one inch, or more than three
inches in diainetei; and squares, not le*s than five-eighths
of one inch, or more than three inches square, $15 per ton:
Provided) That all non in slab?, blooms, loop-*, or other
form, less finished than iron m bars, and more advanced
than pig-iron, except castings, shall berated as iron in bars,
and pay a duty accordingly; on all iron imported m bars for
railroad5! or inclined planes, made to patterns and fitted to
be laid down upon such roads or planes, without, further
manufacture, and not exceeding six inches high, $12 per
ton; on all other descriptions of soiled or hammered iron,
not otherwise provided for, $1 per one hundied pounds.
Second. On iron in pigs,$6 per ton ; on vesselsofcast iron,
not otherwise provided for, 1 cent pei pound ; on sad-irons,
tailors' and hatters' irons, stoves and stove-plates, $1 25
per one hundred pounds: on cast-iron butts and hinges and
hollow-ware,glazed or tinned,2 cents per pound; on all
other castings of iron, not otherwise provided for, 25 per
centum ad valorem. Third. On old scrap-iron*$6 perton:
Provided, That nothing shall be deemed old non that has
not been m actual use, and fit only to be remanufactured.
Fourth. On band and hoop-iron, horse-shoe shapes, and cut
nails and spikes, 1 cent per pound; on iron cables or chains,
or parts thereof, anchors or parts thereof, and anvils, $1 50
per one hundied pounds ; on wiought, board-nails, spikes,
rivets, and bolts, 2|- cents per pound; on bed-screws,
wrought hmgfcs, chains, halter-chains, fence-chains, black-
smiths' hammers and sledges, axle-trees, or parts thereof,
and malleable iion in castings, not otherwise provided for,
3 cents per pound ; on horse-shoe nails, 3 cents pei pound;
on steam, gas, and water-tubes and flues, of wrought iron,
2 cents per pound ; on wiought-iron railioad chairs, $1 25
per one hundred pounds ; on cut tacks, brads, and sprigs,
not exceeding sixteen ounces to the thousand, 2 cents per
thousand; exceeding sixteen ounces to the thousand, 2
ccnts per pound. Fifth. On smooth or polished sheet iron,
by whatever name designated, 2 cents per pound; on other
sheet iron, common or black, not thinner than number
twenty, wire-guage, $1 per one hundred pounds ; thicker
than number twenty, and not thinner than number twenty-
five, wire-guage, $1 25 per one hundred pounds; thinner
than number twenty-five, wire-guage, $1 50 per one hun-
died pounds ; on tm plates galvanized, or non coated with
zinc, 2 cents per pound; on mill irons and mill- cianks, of
wrought iron, and wrought iron for ships, locomotives, and
steam-engines, or parts thereof, weighing each twenty-five
pounds or more, cents per pound ; on screws, commonly
called wood sciews, one inch and a half, or over, in length,
6 cents per pound; less than one inch and a hah in length,
