114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
half out of the amount due to Captain Hudry, to j
reimburse him for the expenses thus incurred. '
"Without assuming to*expressany opinion on the
justice of the claim of Captain Hudry upon the
""Government, having.no evidence before them in
regard to it, the committee are not aware of any
principle or precedent which would justify Con-
gress in undertaking to dispose of his estate, or to
become responsible for the payment of his debts.
If the Government is indebted to Captain Hudry,
or his estate, the presumption is that payment
will be made to his legal representatives upon the
presentation of the proper evidence, and they are
the parties to whom this claimant must look for
his remedy. The committee submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the allegations of the petitioner do not
present any claim, on his parr, ugam&t tlie Government.
The resolution was agieed to.
MONTEREY MILITARY REDOUBTS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, upon a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of California, in favor of
the cession to that State of the Monterey Redoubt,
for the establishment of a military school, or for
other purposes of education.
The adverse report was cocurred in.
ISAAC W. BROWN.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia on a petition of
Isaac W. Brown, representing that he has invent-
ed a new and useful fire arm, which invention, as
he alleges, is used in the United States service,
and praying an investigation thereof.
The adverse report was concurred in.
O. H. BROWNE.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the petition of 0. H. Browne.
The petitioner represents that in August, 1856,
the house which he occupied in Kansas Territory
was consumed by fire, together with so much of
its contents as had not been previously stolen;
that his horse and wagon were stolen, and a cabin
belonging to him was taken down; all of which
mischief was done by marauders, in consequence
of the political excitement of the times. If all the
allegations of the petition were admitted, it is clear
that no ground of claim upon the United Status is
presented. The committee therefore submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the petitioner is not entitled to indemnity
from the United States.
The resolution was agreed to.
WILLIAM L. S. DBARTNG.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the petition of William L. S. Bearing.
The petitioner alleges, that in 1837, at the re-
quest of President Jackson, he raised a mounted
company of Tennessee volunteers for the Florida
war, and became personally responsible for a
large portion of their horses and equipage; that
when the company was discharged, in 1S38, he
was obliged to receive a transfer of the claims of i
the soldiers on the Government to secure him ;
against the liabilities thus incurred; that, lie was j
unable to obtain the liquidation and payment of j
these claims, or a large portion of them, until j
1844, and in the mean time, he was compelled to I
make great sacrifices to meet the payments which [
he had assumed for the service of the Govern- 1
ment, and some of the claims still remain unpaid, i
lie asks such relief as may comport with the .
principles of equity and justice. In answer to an !
inquiry addressed to the Department, the follow-
ing statement is made by the Thud Auditor of j
the Tiecisury: j
" it appears froai a copy of a valuation i^t. on file wii'i
the paper., relating to Captain J)cann<j*d comp inv. that tb>' i
horses and equipments o! ail or the pon-eoniiiu.^Moricd oifi- :
cers and private-, tneieof \vc to valued at sums amount!')^
to 5t\-208, and th.it Captain Oearnighas been paid, thioiiL'h .
lhi-5 office, for hor>e*. &c - lo^t by the niombci-t of hiscom- ,
pany, .$G.S33 18. Foi other hnr-ses tinned ovei by fht m lu ,
a quartenimt-ter, for the u-e of the United Stan--. he ai>o
received Hum Captain Brant the Mini oC uiiu-h,
hein<r added to the pavmenN rhronch Ihn make<
16. Thiss amount, it will he ohsei ved, is only ,v-!GD g 1 ,
than the aggregate valuation of all tiie holies and'equip-
meiiN of tlx.' eompany; ami as Captain Deanng admits in I
ins memorial thai he did not furnish all, it seems to be quitu ;
piohaule that Ins entue outlay has been reimbursed to linn, j
and that li« has not suffered from his responsibility foi the !
company, eveept from delay in u>eovermR aio amount fm ,
which he had become liable " <
The claims were principally paid prior to and
during the year of 1844. There is no evidence
presented of the cause of the delay; and in the
absence of such evidence, the presumption is,
that it was for want of the presentation of proper
vouchers, and therefore no fault on the part of
the Government. Hence the committee are of
opinion that no case is presented calling for the
interposition of special legislation for the relief
of the claimant.
The report was concurred in.
WILLIAM BLAKE,
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of William Blake, asking
for arrears of pension.
The petitioner performed meritorious services
in the war of 1812, and received wounds upon
several occasions, particularly at the battles of
Chippewa and Fort Erie. On account of these
wounds, a pension of eight dollars per month was
granted March 14, 1845, which was subsequently
increased to thirteen dollars per month. It is not
in proof, nor, indeed, is it alleged, that Mr. Blake
was totally disabled from the date of the wounds
received, and therefore he is not, in the opinion
of the committee, entitled to the arrears asked for.
The report was concurred in.
THOMAS WATTS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions upon the memorial of Thomas Watts,
a pensioner, praying to be allowed back pay.
The petitioner was a private m the Georgia
volunteers, in the war of 1813, and, for a wound
received in the battle of Jlalebee swamp, was
placed on the roll of invalid pensioners on the
21st of August, 1852, at the rate of eight dollars
per month. He now asks that his pension may
be made to commence from the passage of the act
of 1816, and alleges that the reason why he did
not make application for the benefits of that act
at an earlier period was that he was in aliluent
circumstances. Poverty alone, brought on by
" security debts," prompted him to make his ap-
plication in 1852. The committee are not willing,
except, perhaps, in cases of extraordinary merit,
to recommend any variation from the law of J822,
which piescnbes that all pensions shall com-^
mence from the date of the completion of proof;
nor arc they able to discover, in the case of this
petitioner, any good reason for a departure from
that law; they therefore recommend that the
prayer of the petition be denied.
Ihe report was concurrcd in.
CHARLES GUAMPP.
' The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions on the petition of Charles Grampp,
praying that his pension may be made to com-
mence from the date of his discharge.
Grampp was a private in the Kentucky volun-
teers, and received an in jury of the back and head
; from a fall while on Ins way to Mexico. He was
discharged ona surgeon's cerlilicare at Caniargo,
Mexico, on the31stof August, 1846, for sickness
and disability. On the 1st of December, 1857,
he made his declaration -for a pension, and the
proofs bein*.completed on the 1 Itti of February
following, he was pensioned fiom that date at
eight dollais per month. He asks the passage of
a special act authorizing his pension to commence
from the date of his discharge from the Aimy.
The committee are unwilling to dwpart from the
existing law, that nil pensions shall commence
fiom the date of the completion of proofs; and
they are unable to discover, in the case of this
netitioner, any good reason for varying this rule.
They therefore recommend that the prayer of the
pitition be denied.
The report was concurred in.
ADAM SENEU.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Pensions m regard to the claim of Adam Scner for
a pension.
The petitioner asks to be placed on the roll of
invalid pensioners,on account ofdisability, w^ich
he alleges is the lesult of injuries received w'hile
in the servjce of his country, in the war of 1812.
Accompanying the petition is one from some
thirty-rive persons, claiming to be acquainted with
Sener, who testify to his good character, his old
age, his infirmities, and to his indigent circum-
stances; but they do not pretend to know anything
of the alleged service in the war, nor do they
affirm that his present disability is the effect of
alleged injury received therein. The medical tes-
timony is of the same character; it establishes
disability, and says, that it results " from the
weakened and painful condition of the parts in-
jured during his service in the Army of the Uni-
ted States;" but it does not appear that the sur-
geons so testifying have any knoweldge of such
service, except the assertions of the petitioner
himself- However worthy the case may be, tho
committee are not willing to establish the prece-
dent of granting a pension where no proof of ser-
vice is adduced to corroborate the assertions of
the petitioner, and therefore recommend that the
prayer of the petitioner be denied.
The report was concurred in.
FRANCIS D. PONS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary upon the petition of Francis D.
Pons.
The petitioner states that on the 25th of No-
vember, 1824, under the provisions of the act of
June 26,1834, "for the relief of certain inhabitants
of East Florida," he presented to the judge of the
superior court for the eastern distiict of the then
Territory of Florida a memorial setting forth his
claims for losses alleged to have been occasioned
by the troops of the United States in East Florida
in the years 1812 and 1813; that the amount of
loss claimed by him in his memorial was$3,915 79;
that of this amount §2,625 was claimed for the de-
struction of two frame houses, and the residue for
the loss of a vessel and cargo, and other property;
that his cause was heard before the judge of the
court, and the sum of $2,000 allowed to him as
the value of the two houses, with interest; but
that the claim for the value of the vessel and other
piopefty was disallowed, because, in the opinion
of the court, tho evidence was no tsufficiently
strong to justify a decree for its loss.
The petitioner further represents that he resided
at Fernandina, far distant from St. Augustine,
where the court was held, and employed an agent
and attorney to prosecute his claim, to whom he
furnished the names and residences of all his wit-
nesses, whose testimony he instructed his attor-
ney to have uken. The name of the attorney is
not stated in the petition, nor the names of the
witnesses furnished to him ; nor is there even a
direct allegation that tho attorney failed to have
the examination of any and what witness taken,
though the allegation is made, that if the testimony
of cei tain unnamed witnesses had been taken, the
loss of the vessel and cargo and other property
would have been established. It is also alleged
that the petitioner is advised that several of the
witnesses aie yetliving. The petitioner also states
that until recently he supposed that the witnesses
had been examined ;„that the decision of the judge
has been acted upon by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and thus, by the inattention and neglect of
his attorney, he has sustained a serious loss, and
is without remedy, except through the action of
Congress. A copy of the record of proceedings
before the court in Florida accompanies the peti-
tion, and lie prays.for the passage of an act of
Congress authorizing him to take and file addi-
tional testimony in relation to the claim for the
loss of the vessel anu cargo and other property,
which was formerly disallowed for defect of tes-
timony, and that the judge of the United States
district court for the northern district of Florida
may bo authorized to adjudicate his claim for the
same. The petition purports to be signed by
Francis D. Pons, by his attorney, but the name
of the attorney is not signed, nor is there evidence
of anv authority to si°n the name of the petitioner.
No affidavit is made authenticating the facts stated
as grounds for the relief prayed, and, from aught
thai appears, the petition may have been draughted
and presented without the authority or knowledge
of the petitioner. The committee think the pres-
ent uetition insufficient in that respect; but if it
were properly authenticated, they know of no
principle which would justify the reopening of
the case on such allegations as are here made, and
hence report that the prayer of the petitioner
ought not to be granted.
The report was concurred in.
JUDICIAL SALARIES.
The next was the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary on a memorial of members of the
