1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
but the same shall be valued as at the time of exportation;
nor shall any such deduction be made for or by reason of
any discount or abatement from the value contained in the
invoice.
Sec. 27. J3nd be itfurther enacted, That the annual statis-
tical accounts of the commerce of the United States with
foxeign countries, required by existing laws, shall hereafter
be made up and completed by the Register of the Treasury,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, so as to
comprehend and include in tabular form the quantity by
weight or measure, as well as the amount of value of the
several articles of foreign commerce, whether dutiable or
otherwise; and also a similar and separate statement of the
commerce of the United States with the British Provinces
under the late so-called reciprocity treaty with Great
Britain. ■ 
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts repugnant to the provisions of this act be, and the
same are heieby, repealed: Provided, that the existing
laws shall extend to, and be in force for, the collection of
the duties imposed by this act, for the prosecution and pun-
ishment of all offenses, and for the recovery, collection,
and distribution, and remission of all fines, penalties, and
forfeitures, as fully and effectually as if every regulation,
penalty, forfeiture, provision, clause, matter, and thing, to
that effect, in the existing laws contained, had been inserted
in aud reenacted by this act.
Mr. McdUEEN. I move that there be a call
of the House, with a view of bringing in mem-
bers before the vote is taken on this important
question.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 40, noes
193.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
motion to suspend the rules. '
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, whether, if the rules
are suspended, he will allow all propositions on
the subject of the revenue to come before the
House ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate.
Mr. SICKLES. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I desire to ask the Chair whether,
if the rules are suspended, this, as a revenue bill,
will not have to go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate.
Mr. SICKLES. I have a right to make the
inquiry of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The bill must go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON". I object to inquiries of the
Chair being made.
Mr. SICKLES. I had a right to make the in-
quiry.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the Chair decide whether
the gentleman has the right or not.
Mr. DEWART. The Chair has decided, and
has answered the question.
The question was taken on Mr. Phiillps's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
122, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adram, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold, Barr,
jRillinghur^t, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buf-
finton, Bui'iingame, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Chapman,
Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark. Claw&on, Clark B. Cochrane,
Colfax. Comins, Corning. Covode, Cragin, Curtis. Davis of
Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dimmick. Dodd. Durlee, Edie. Farns-
worth, Fenton, Florence, Foster, Guiding?, Gillis, Gihiicui,
Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Hams, Hatch, Hickman, Horton, Howard, Huyler,
Owen Jones, Keim, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John
C. Kunkel, Landy, Leach, Leidy, Leiter, Lovejoy, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Mason, Matteson, Maynard, Montgomery,
Morgan, Moral!, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H.Morse,
Oliver A. Morse, Murrav, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Fettit,
William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle. Purvi-
ance. Xleilly, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Royce,
John Sherman. Judson W. Sherman, Sickles, Stanton,
William Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor,Thayer, Thomp-
son, Tompkins., Underwood, Vance, Walbndge, Waldron,
" Walton, Waid, CadwaladerC. Washburn,Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washhum, White, Whiteley, Wilson, Wood,
and Zollicoffer—122,
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Bocock. Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Caskie, John B.
Clark, dlay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockenll, James Craig,
Burton Craige, Ciawford, Curry, Davidson, Davis of In-
diana, Davis of Mississippi. Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott,
English, Eustis, Faulkner, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Goode,
Gregg, Lawrence W. Hall. Hawkins., Hill, Hoatd, Ilodges,
Hopkins, Houston. Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,
George W. Jones, Keitt,"Lamar, Lawrence, Letcher, Ma-
clay, McUueen,McRae, Samuel S. Marshall, Miles, Mtiler,
Miilson, Moore, Isaac N. Morns, Mott, Nibiack, Nichols,
Pendleton, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Powell, Ready, Reagan,
Ruftin, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Seward, Aaron Shaw,
Henry M, Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Stephens,
Stevenson, Jame* A. Stewart, Talbot, Miles Taylor, Tnppe,
Vallandigham, Watkms, Augustus R. Wright, and John
V. Wright—01.
So (two-thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During; the call of the roll,
Mr. BONHAM stated that he"toas absent from
the Hall on pressing business when his name was
called; and asked leave to vote.
Mr. DEAN objected.
Mr. BONHAM stated that if he had been in
■the Hall, he should have voted " no."
Mr. BEYAN made a similar statement.
REPEAL OF FISHING BOUNTIES.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report, from the Committee on
Commerce, a bill that will secure an annual sav-
ing of $400,000. It is Senate bill (No. 10) repeal-
ing all laws or parts of laws granting allowances
or bounties to vessels employed in the bank or
other cod fisheries.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. MILLSON. I move a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I demand the
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 104, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Barr, Bishop, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Bryan, Burnett,
Caskie, John B. Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockerill,
James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell, Edmund-
son,' Elliott, English, Faulkner, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell,
Gilmer, Goode, Gregg, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hill,
Hodges, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson,
Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar,
Lawrence, Leiter, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, McRae,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Maynard,
Miles, Miller, Miilson, Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Mott, Nib-
lack, Nichols, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, John S-. Phelps,
Powell, Ready, Reagan, Ruffin, Russell. Sandidge, Savage,
Scales, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter,
Sickles, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Stallworth, Stephens. Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Talbot, Tnppe, Vallandigham, Vance, Ward,
VVatkins, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, Wortcndykc,
Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicnffer—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold,
Billiilghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bowie, Drayton, Buf-
finton, Burlingame, Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clink,
Horace F. Clark, Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax,
Coinins, Corning, Covode, Ciagin, Curtis, Davis ofMnssa-
cliuselts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick,
Dimmick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Florence, Foster, Giddmgs,
Gillis, Gilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grover, Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Harris, Hickman, Hoard, Horton,
Howard, Owen Jones, Keim, Kelsey, Kilgoie, Knapp, John
C. Kunkel, Landy, Leach, Leidy, Lovejoy, Matteson,
Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Free-
man II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Muiray, Olin, Palmer,
Parker, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Reilly,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Royce, John Snerman, Judson
W. Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan,
Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, wal-
bndge, Waldron, Walton. CadwaladerC. Washbuin,Ellihu
B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, White, Wilson, and
Wood—104.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
LAND TITLES IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to have taken from
the Speaker's table Senate bill (No. 432) to con-
firm certain entries heretofore allowed under the
act entitled "An act making appropriations for
the service of the Post Oflice Department during
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1856."
The bill, which was read, provides that all
entries which have heretofore been allowed by
registers and receivers, under that portion of th'e
third proviso to the first section of said act, in the
following words: " That each contractor engaged,
or to be engaged, in carrying mails through any
of the Territories, west of the Mississippi, shall
have the privilege of occupying stations at the
rate of not more than one for every twenty miles
of the route on which he carries a mail, and shall
have a preemption right thereon when the same
shall be brought into market, to the extent of six
hundred and forty acres, to be taken contiguous-
ly, and to include his improvements; but no such
preemption right shall extend to any pass in a
mountain, or other defile," be confirmed, subject
to any bona fide claim under any law of the Uni-
ted States, to the whole or any portion of the lands
embraced in said entries or locations, made prior
to the date of the selection thereof by the persons
aforesaid; and that the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office be directed to issue patents for
the land embraced in said entries.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 object.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Minnesota will be permitted to
state the reasons why this bill should pass, be-
fore the vote is taken.
Mr. COBB. Tf the House will allow, I will
state that the Committee on Public Lands have
had this question under consideration, and have
unanimously instructed me to report a bill sim-
ilar, in every respect, to this.
Mr, HOUSTON. I would like tb know
whether it is the intention to refer that bill to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
if the rules are suspended to let it come irt"? I
would like to know whether these contractors
perform their service ?
Several Membehs objected to debate.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I move that the
rules be suspended for the purpose I have indi-
cated. Butbefore the question is put, permit me to
say that this bilUvas unanimously recommended
by the Committee on Public Lands in the Senate,
and was unanimously passed by the Senate. The
bill was prepared by the Secretary of the Ihterior,
and its passage recommended by him; and our
Committee on Public Lands unanimously ordered
it to be reported to this House. Its passage will
do an act of justice, will take no money from the
Treasury, but rather save the public Treasury
from the repayment of about $25,000 of the mo-
ney it has received from these entries, which were
made by the contractors, with cash, at $1 25 per
acre, in good faith, and under the decision and
direction of the United States district land officers.
Mr. CAVANAUGH demanded the yeas and
nays; but subsequently withdrew that demand,
and called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bonham
and Gooch were appointed.
The House divided; 'and the tellers reported—
ayes 79, noes 81.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. 1 demand the yeas and
nays. I wish the House would allow me to say
a word in reference to this bill. It was prepared
and recommended by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior.
'Several Members objected to debate.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the rules were not suspended.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules he suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. I intend to move to take up the Post
Office appropriation bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
to yield t£ me, to move that there be one day set
apart for territorial business.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I cannot yield
for one without yielding for others.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hopkins in the chair.)
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
House now proceed to the consideration of
House bill (No. 872) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1860.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I object, unless this bill is
the first bill upon the Calendar.
Mr. GROW. Is that the first bill upon the
Calendar ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I make a motion
that the committee proceed to the-consideration
of the bill I have indicated.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes ninety-
nine; noes not counted.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
committee do now rise; and I make that motion
with a view to close general debate on this bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The comirfittee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Hopkins
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
slate of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill (No. 872) making appropria-
tions fur the service of the Post Office Department
durmo- the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1860, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move the usual
resolution, that general debate on that bill be
closed within five minutes after its consideration
is'again resumed in the Committee of the Whole _
