1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
on the state of the Union: and on that motion I
shall call for the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman to ex-
tend the time to two hours.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. We have not
that much time to spare.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
CONSULAR BILL.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asburt Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill, with certain
amendments, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence ofthe House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask that the
bill be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means,'and hope there will be no objection.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins in the
chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is the Post Office appropriation bill.
The bill was read a first time for information,
and was then read by paragraphs for amendment.
The Cleik read the following paragraph:
"For transportation of the mails, (mland,) §12,G33,060.M
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If gentlemen will
refer to Executive Document No. 54, they will
find the estimates submitted by the Postmaster
General for the inland mail scrvice during the en-
suing fiscal year. In that estimate there was em-
braced the sum of $250,000 for the compensation
now being paid to the Tehuantepec Company.
The Committee of Ways and Means transferred
that estimate to the mail steamer appropriation
bill, diminishing this item, of course, to that ex-
tent.
Mr. ELAIR. I move to amend by adding, after
the clause last read, the following proviso:
Provided, however, That the contract with IJntterfiold &
Co., for carrying the mm! from the Mississippi uvet to San
Francisco, in California, shall he so coiioliucd us to allow
said contractor to carry the mail by any ioute they may .se-
lect, in accordance with the act of Congress under which
fcaid contract purports to be made.
So that the section will read:
For the transportation o( the mails, (inland,) $12,633,060;
Pj'ODidcd, &c.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is that amend-
ment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes so.
The service is already provided for.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 present, this point of order.
This contract with Butterfield & Co. is made un-
der law, and is a question disposed of. If this
amendment were allowed, it would change exist-
ing law, and the existing contract; and that is cer-
tainly not in order as an amendment to an appro-
priation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is a
mere regulation of the service; not a change of
law.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the law will be read,
that we may see whether the amendment does
change it.
Mr. GROW. The amendment provides that
the service shall be according to law.
Mr. BLAIR. It will be recollected, that the
last Congress passed a law authorizing the Post-
master General to contract for carrying the mail
overland from some point on the Mississippi
river, to be selected by the contractors, to San
Francisco,.California. Under this law, bids were
invited by the Postmaster General for several
routes. The Postmaster General required the mail
to be carried, starting from St. Louis and running
down to the thirty-second parallel, then across to
Fort Yuma, and up again to San Francisco, add-
ing nine hundred miles to the distance. This,
Mr. Chairman, was in violation of the act, and
in derogation of the duty confided to him. At
the beginning of last session, I prepared an act
which was sent to the Post Office Committee to
correct this violation of law on the part of the
Postmaster General, but I have notheard of it till
this day.
I therefore propose this amendment, so as to
compel the Postmaster General to execute the law
as it stands upon the statute-book. I understand
sir, that one of the great motives which may have
induced the Postmaster General to order the mail
to be carried down to the thirty-second parallel of
latitude was, that he himself was the owner of a
large body of land in Arkansas, through which
this mail route runs. Another reason was, to in-
fluence the location of a Pacific railroad route.
Mr.-ATKINS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Missouri whether he knows that the Post-
master General owns a large body of land in Ark-
ansas, through which this route runs?
Mr. BLAIR. I have it on the authority of two
members of this House; and whenever it shall
be denied, I can give the names of those mem-
bers who informed me of the fact.
The law says that the contractor shall select
the point on the Mississippi river; and that in-
cludes the selection of the route itself. Does any
man suppose that, if these contractors had se-
lected St. Paul as the point from which the route
was to start, the Postmaster General could have
come in and required them to carry the mails from
St. Paul down to El Paso, and across in that way ?
In making the contract as he did, has he not vio-
lated the spirit and letter of the law ? .Sir, it is as
plain as anything can be that here is a violation
of the law, whether for a purpose personal to the
Postmaster General himself, or for the political
purpose of influencing the location of the Pacific
railroad, it is not necessary to consider; and I de-
sire that the Congress of the United States shall
have power to coirect an abuse of which the Post-
master General has been guilty.
Mr. SCOTT. I would like to have the law
read.
Mr. REAGAN. This Butterfield contract is
one that was made by the Government on great
consideration. It is a contract under which the
Government pays some six hundred thousand
dollars a year for the transportation of the mails
across the continent, from the Mississippi river to
the Pacific ocean. It may be that a modification
was made of the terms on which the bids should
be made by the Department, for the purpose of
enabling bidders to bid on the most practicable
and convenient route. It is a fact, which is, per-
haps, within the knowledge of the gentleman
from Missouri, that there were several Cabinet
meetings, at winch arguments in favor of, and
against, the several routes, were deliberately con-
sidered. All the facts were fully presented, and
the relative merits of the different routes were
considered. The contract was concluded with
the Butterfield company for the route over which
the mails are now carried. That company has
commenced operations upon the route. The line
has been stocked; their depots have been estab-
lished; stations have been arranged; the route is
in successful operation. Public expectation has
been disappointed in this, that the contract has
been faithfully and punctually performed, and
that, too, in less time than was contemplated by
the contract of twenty-five days from San Fran-
cisco to St. Louis. Everything connected with
it has surpassed public expectation. It passes
over a country having no interiuption by snow
and ice. It passes over a country where there are
good roads. It avoids the difficulties that would
be encountered upon any other known route, as
exhibited by the surveys of the Pacific railroad,
which arc familiar to most members of the House.
Now, after all this has been done, after the con-
tract has been made, depots established, and the
route is in successful operation; after it has been
demonstrated that the object of the Government
has been attained, we have a proposition to au-
thorize the contiactors, at their will, to change the
contract. I have no idea that they will change
the contract, if they are allowed to do so; yet I
think that the proposition, coming up in this
irregular way under the five minutes'debate, is not
showing proper respect to the action of the Gov-
ernment in reference to a matter of such conse-
quence. I trust the members will not, in view of
what has been done, undertake to disturb the ac-
tion of the Government in relation to this route.
It has been said that one reason why the mail
has been carried over this route is, because the
Postmaster General owns lands in the State of
Arkansas. As to that, I have no information; but
I think that any one acquainted with the Post-
master General might safely affirm that his action
as an executive officer would never be controlled
by any selfish interest of that description. And if
he has land there, does that affect the quality of
the route? Does that affect the transmission of
the mails? Does that affect the virtue of the con-
tract? I think it is assuming a great deal—if it
be granted, about which I know nothing, that the
Postmaster General does own lands in Arkansas
—to say that that fact vitiates a contract'entered
into, not by hipn alone, but entered into after full
consideration, by the President and the whole
Cabinet, and a careful review of the advantages
and disadvantages of all the routes. I trust that
this contract will not be interfered with in this
irregular and hasty manner.
Mr. BLAIR. This is the law:
"Sec. 10. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is heieby, authorized to contract for the
conveyance of the entire letter mail, from such point on the
Mississippi river as the contractors may select, to San Fran-
cisco, m the State of California, for six years, at a cost not
exceeding $300,000 per annum for semi-monthly, $4o0,p00
foi weekly, or $600,000 for semi-weekly service ; to be per-
foimed semi-monthly, weekly, or semi-weekly, at the op-
tion of the Postmaster General."
The question was taken on Mr. Blair's amend-
ment; and it was agreed to—ayes 86, noes 51.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not know whether I have
waived any right, but I trust I may be permitted
to add an amendment to the amendment, which
has just been adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to propose an amend-
ment providing that if a new, route is to be estab-
lished, the contract shall be readvertised and relet.
I trust I may be permitted to offer that amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It would not
be in order, anyhow.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move to add at
the end of the nineteenth line, which reads, "for
advertising, $70,000," the following:
Provided, That the advertising shall he in the two news-
papers in each State having the largest circulation.
The only remark I desire to make is this: the
advertisingof the Post Office Department, in Ohio,
is done in two insignificent papers, the aggregate
circulation of which, I do not think, would ex-
ceed two thousand. One of them is published in
an interior town; and it is about the only county
town in the State to which a railroad does not
run. I do not know where the other is published;
it is somewhere in the southern part of the State.
There has been a good deal of abuse growing out
of this advertising business, and I think that Con-
gress ought to regulate it. I therefore offer the
amendment. *
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think that this
amendment might cause considerable embarrass-
ment. The great object is, that this information
shall be so circulated as to reach the people.
Now, sir, to divide it up among the small country
papers in the different localities, is, perhaps, the
best way by which this intelligence can be circu-
lated. [Laughter.] Gentlemen may laugh; but
it is so. If you put it in the principal papers of
the States, it will only reach the politicians;
whereas, if it is put in the county papers, it goes
to the door of every man's house. In my district,
in Virginia, I have selected the county papers
and publish in each the advertisements for the
service in that county, and in that way this in-
formation reaches all portions of the district.
Now, sir, it the gentleman's proposition prevail,
there will be selected only two political papers in
each State m which to publish proposals for all
the routes in that State. Then there will be thou-
sands who will never see the proposals from the
Department. I think the proposition is calculated
to defeat the diffusion of general information
which, I presume, we all have in view. The best
way, in my judgment, to disseminate this inform-
ation, is to make the publication in the county
papers.
Mr. GROW. Does the gentleman propose to
publish in each county paper of the State?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let the publication
be as it ie now, and of course the Postmagter
