1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I IT
Thomas and family,sufferers by Indian depreda- ;
lions. [
The committee ask leave to be discharged from 1
the further consideration of the subject; which j
was agreed to. 1
TAKING OF DEPOSITIONS. j
The next was the report of the Committee on ;
the'Judiciary on a resolution of the Senate, di- I
reeling them il to inquire into the expediency of I
conferring on the district courts of California, in j
the investigation of facts relative to cases pending |
on appeal from the United States land commis- \
sioners, the .powers given to the courts of the J
United States by the judiciary act of 1789, in re- |
gard to the taking of depositions." 1
The only object of such a change of the law is .
to enable claimants to examine witnesses in ,
Mexico as to California land grants in cases now
pending, without their being subjected to the test j
of an oral cross-examination. Two thirds, at ;
least, of the claims in California luivc been dis- ■
posed of without ivsort to such testimony; and i
considering the low state of private and public
morale in Mexico, the unsettled and disorganized
condition of its Government, and the experience
of the United States in relation to the facility with
which fraudulent and forged documents can be
established there, the prevention of fraud would
seem imperatively to require that the provision
of the act of 1851, organizing the land commis-
sion, in relation to the mode of obtaining testi-
mony, should remain unaltered. The committee
are of opinion that it is not necessary for the pur-
poses of justice, or expedient, that any additional
power in relation to taking testimony, inconsist-
ent with the provisions of the act of 3831, should
be conferred on the district courts of California.
The adverse report was concurred in.
A. G. CAROTHERS AND OTHERS. j
The next was the report of the Committee on j
Public ^Buildings and Grounds on a petition of |
the Rev. A. G. Carothcrs and others, citizens of i
Washington, praying that the public reservation !
in said city, opposite the " Assembly'sChurch,"
may be inclosed.
The adverse report was concurred in.
UNITED STATES COURTS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Judicial y on a presentment of the grand jury of
the United States for the district of South Car-
olina, in session at Charleston, recommending an
appropriation for a new court-house at that place,
and iliat provision be made forarranging the rec-
ouls of that court, and increasing the allowance
for the maintenance of prisoners.
The adverse repott was concurred in.
The next was the report of the Committee on
trie Judicial y on a. presentment of the grand jury
oftiie United Spates district com t at Greenville,
South Carolina, lecommending an appropriation
for a new court-house, and the appointment of
commissioners at suitablepiaces within the juris- j
diction of that ccui t. ^ j
The adverse repoit was concurred in. j
The next was the report of the Committee on the |
the Judiciary on a presentation of the grand jury j
of the United States court for the northern dis- ■
trictof Florida, relative to the necessity of a build- !
ing for the accommodation of the United States |
com is in that district. t I
The Adverse report was concurred in. j
The ivxt was the report of the Committee on ,
the ."Judiciary on a lesolution of the Legislature i
ofTex^, m favor of the erection of buildings for !
pn?,t oiiKcs and the use of the United States •
/ ourts in that State; and also the establishment
of ,m«>th«T judicial district therein. _ ^
The adverse repoit was concurred in. ;
Trie next was the report of tne Judiciary Com-
mittee on a memorial of membeis of the bar of the j
nor; h i*i n district oi I' ionda. prayi ng that tne saUu y ,
ill" the judge of that district may be lucre.'.seu. ;
The adverse report was concurred in.
NOAH MILLER.
The next was the report of^the Committee oh
Co'mueree on the netition of Noah Miller.
The leal representatives of Noah Miller rep-
rodent, that on the ] 4th dav of November, 1M4,
A1.11er, in company with \Vest Dnnkwater, J°n"
athan Clark,Samuel, John, and Kingsbury Dun-
can, as captain and crew of a large class whale-
boat, captured the British sloop Mary, in the
Penobscot bay, on her way from Halifax, with
supplies for the British army at Castine; he had
no letters of marque, and made the capture on his
own responsibility, and at the imminent hazard
ofhimself and crew. Miller being ignorant of his
rights under the law, was induced by the custom-
house officers at Camden to believe that he conld
not hold the vessel and goods on his own account;
that the only way to render the capture complete
and available was to claim that lie had captured
the vessel as a custom-house officer, and that for
that purpose lie accepted a commission as an in-
spector of customs, antedated so as to make his
authority seem to be sufficient at the time of the
act; that Mr. Hook, the collector at Camden, took
possession of the vessel and goods, and exposed
them to sale, as provided by the revenue laws-
one moiety of the proceeds going to the custom-
house officers and the other to the United States
Treasury. When Mr. Miller was first made aware
of the fict that he had a right to capture the ves-
sel and keep her and the goods, he was not needy,
and consequently did not make application for
the restoration of his money from the Tieasury
of the United States until 1838, when, for the first
time, he piesented his application to Congress to
reimburse to the amount of money which had
gone into the Treasury, through his individual
agency and efforts, without any assistance from
the Government. The petitioners pray that the
sum of $33,212, the moiety which fell to the Uni-
ted States, may be paid to the heirs or legal rep-
resentatives of said Miller.
The committee asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject; which was
agreed to.
SAMUEL BROMBURG.
The next was the report of the Committee oil
Foreign Relations on the memorial of Samuel
Bromburg, late United Stales consul at Hamburg,
praying compensation for diplomatic and extra
services.
The confmittee think that the memoralist has
no well-founded claim for compensation for what
he conceives to have been his diplomatic services,
those services being properly pertinent to his con-
sular office, and strictly within the line of Ills legiti-
mate duty. They therefore recommend that the
prayer cf the petitioner be refused, and ask to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
subject.
The report was concurred in.
MATTHEW FLAUSEURGH.
The next was the adverse report of the Com-
mittee on Pensions on the petition of Matthew
Flausburgh, praying to be allowed a revolution-
ary pension; and it was concurred in.
WILLIAM A. VAUGHAN AND OTHERS.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Commerce on the memorial of William A. Vaugh-
an, John Smith, William D. Little, and Nathan-
iel Detinet, jr., praying that compensation may be
made to them for the time that they were employed
as inspectors at the port of Portsmouth, New
Hampshire.
The petitioners were appointed inspectors of ;
the customs at the port of Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, 111 the year 1849, at a compensation
of tlir££ dollars per day. Thev also performed
the duties of measurers, for which they received
the fees allowed by law for that service. It had
been the practice at that port, before these peti- :
tioners were appointed, to allow pay to inspect-
ors for those days only in which they were in the j
actual discharge of official duty, litis practice,
it is presumed, was of course known to the peti-
tioners when they accepted their appointments. ,
They were so paid and duly receipted for their ;
compensation, and no objection is believed to ,
have been made to the Depaitment by them, or
. on their behalf, until the month of December,
! 1852, and January, 1853, when, in a letter to^the
then collector, dated the 31st of December, It"52,
1 !hey refused to receipt their accounts as former-
[ ly, ami inclosed their bills for the fourth quarter
■ I of 185-2, made out in conformity to the principle
I contended for by them, which was, that they were
i entitled to compensation for every day on wlncn
I thev reported themselves for duty. It is obvious
II that should such a claim be allowed, the inspectors
of revenue at Portsmouth and other ports, who,
during a long series of years, were allowed only for
the time actually employed, will be equally-enti-
titled to have their accounts readjusted, and ad-
ditional allowances made for such periedsas tbey
prove themselves to have been ready and willing
to perform duty had they been required. The
committee report against the prayer of the me-
morial.-
The report was concurred in.
ELBRIDGE LAWTON.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs upon the petition of Elbridge Law-
ton.
Mr. Lawton was ordered to the United States
steamer John Hancock, one of the vessels detailed
for service in the lato surveying expedition to
Behring's Straits, North Pacific, and China seas,
as first assistant engineer, and served on board
that vessel without a senior for three years, per-
forming, as he alleges, the duties of chief engi-
neer. Pie therefore asks the difference between
the pay of a first assistant engineer and chief en-
gineer. The facts, as obtained from the Nary
Department, are, that the John Hancock, by her
rating, v/as only entitled, in the " complement
tables," to a first assistant engineer as principal
engineer, and as such Mr. Lawton was ordered,
and not to perform the duties of a higher grade.
The committee can find no grounds for allowing
the claimant the additional compensation he asks,
he having simply performed the duties of hi3
grade.
The report was concurred in.
G. S. ISHAM.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Territories upon the memorial of Giles S. Isliam,
prayinga grant of land in the proposed Territory
of Arizona for the purpose of establishing a colony
of industrious farmers, mechanics, and artisans.
The prayer of the memorialistis believed to be
both wrong and impolititic, and beyond the ap-
propriate scope of congressional power, and it is
therefore reported against.
The report was concurred in.
GEORGE W.BLUFORD.
The next was the report of the Committee on
Claims on the petition of George W. Bluford.
The petitioner contracted in the usual form to
transport six hundred and eighteen barielsof po&k
from the navy-yard at Gospoit, Viiginia, to the
nuvv-yaid at Brooklyn, New York. The pork
was shipped on board the schooner Jamestown,
and the usual bill of lading given therefor. Fifty-
eight barrels were lost on the passage.
The petitioner alleges that the Government offi-
cers in charge insisted thatall the pork should be
taken on board, notwithstanding they were in-
formed that a portion of it would have to be stored
on deck, and that the vessel would be overloaded;
and further, that, in consequence of such over-
loading, during a gale on the voyage, it became
necessary to lighten the vessel by throwing a
quantity of the pork overboard.
The United States libeled the Jamestown for
the value of the pork lost, and after a full hearing
before theUnitedStates district couit for the east-
ern district of Virginia, a dccrce was rendered in
favor of the Government for the sum of $771 99,
with interest. The vessel having been leleased
on bond, execution was issued for the recovery
of the amount of the judgment, and returned by
' the marshal " nulla bona." The petitioner asks
to lie released from liability.
The committee think that it would be inexpe-
! dient and unsafe for Congress to undertake to re-
; vise and overrule, by special legislation, the ju-
j dicial decisions of the courts in the exercise of
their proper jurisdiction. No circumstances con-
i nected with the facts or proceedings in tins case
appear to the committee to justify or call for a de-
| parture from the above principle, and they there-
fore report the following resolution:
■ Rcsoh-etl, That the claimant is not entitled to relief.
1 Tiie resolution was agreed to.
| BOUNTY LAND CLAIMS.
The adverse leports of the Committee on Pub-
. lie Lands on the following petitions and memo-
, rials, were concurred in:
A petition of Thomas Jones and others, ot
Clermont county, Ohio, praying to he allowed
I! bounty land for sei vices in the war of 1812;
