1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21.
papers of the country would be more honest in
the expression of their opinions upon public
measures.
Mr. Florence's amendment was rejected.
Mr. NICHOtS. I now ask for a vote on my
motion to strike out the whole clause. I make
the motion in good faith.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and McQueen; were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes G4, noes 63.
So the amendment was rejected. •
Mr. REAGAN I now ask that my amendment
be read.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment would more properly come in at the end of
the bill.
Mr. REAGAN. Let my amendment be read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
That whenever any contract authorizing the cairying of
the United States mails shall be changed under the author
ityofan actof Congress, said contract shall be readvertised
and relet as other contracts are.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order on that amendment. It is not
germane, in the first place; and in the second, it
changes an existing law.
Mr. REAGAN. I was prepared for such an
objection, and am not surprised that it comes from
the gentleman Irom Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
need not be surprised, for the gentleman from
Missouri has objected to every amendment not
in order.
• The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman's amendment is not in order.
Mr. REAGAN. Permit me to say a word. I
objected to the amendment changing an existing
contract. The Chair overruled mo, and decided
the amendment to be in order. I now only ask
to amend so as to limit the terms under which
that change of existing contract shall be made.
Surely, if it be in order to change an existing con-
tract, it is equally in order to limit the terms of
that change.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment to which
the gentleman refers was germane to the pend-
ing clause of the bill; and the Chair thinks that
this is not.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish to say 
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I must object to
debate. The clauses of the bili are being road for
amendment; and no amendment is in order not
germane to the amendment pending.
Mr. REAGAN. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. I have a right to place a restriction
upon an innovation made upon the bill.
Mr. GROW. What is the paragraph to which
the gentleman proposes his amendment?
The Clerk read the clause, as follows:
For advertising, $70,000."
Mr. REAGAN. I propose my amendment to
come in after that as an independent clause.
The CHAIltMAN. ft cannot be entertained
as an independent clause. The committee is con-
sidering the section just lead.
Mr. REAGAN.^ I withdraw my amendment,
and will offer it at the end of the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. T move to strike out "For
blanks, ^lOO^OO/'andtomsertm lieu thereof the
following:
For blanks. .$'$0,000. to bo punted by the lowest rcj-ports-
jbh- biddi:i, atror advertisements inviting bids tor ih<* <aine
shall have been published at least thirty days by the Post-
master Gent) al.
Mr. Chairman, I have two reasons for offering
this amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I make the point
that the amendment is not m order. It changes
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the amendment is m order. The law provides for
the printing of blanks.
Mr. COLFAX. I have two reasons for offer-
ing this amendment. The first is, that, the sum
for printing blanks has been largely increasing
within the past few years, while every other item
of the incidental expenses of the Post Office De-
partment ha« only gone on pari passu with the or-
dinary progress of postal business. For instance:
the items for mail-bags, wrapping paper, locks,
keys, stamps, &c., are the same as they were
three years ago, and a very small increase beyond
what they were in 1852, seven years ago. This
item, on the contrary, has more than doubled in
that time. The appropriation in 1852 was only
§45,000; increasing, in 1850, to $80,000; and now
coming up to $100,000. I think that we ought to
retrench .here, for I am certain that double the
amount of blanks is not required now, that were
require'd in 1852; the other incidental expenses
of the Department remaining nearly the same.
The second reason for my amendment is this:
Both branches of Congress, by deliberate votes,
at the last session, passed a law requiring these
blanks to be printed by the lowest bidder; but
when the Post Office appropriation bill was sent
to a committee of conference in the expiring hours
of the session, that clause was struck out, with
others like it that had been agreed upon by both
Houses. This is within the knowledge and rec-
ollection ofthe members of this House. This pro-
vision ought to be placed in the appropriation bill,
and ought to be the general law of the land in
regard to this thing.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That the expend-
iture under this head has increased, is true; but
it has increased in consequence of the increase of
mail matter. It is for the printing of the usual
blanks known as the way-bills, the quarterly ac-
counts current, the registers of mails received,
and the registers of mails sent. Since the year
indicated by the gentleman from Indiana, the
number of post offices has increased from twenty-
two thousand to twenty-eight thousand. Con-
sequently, the number of these blanks, nccessary
for the business of the Post Office, has increased
in proportion. The gentleman, however, does
not recur to the fact that at the last session of
Congress, we appropriated, for this fiscal year,
$125,000 for these blanks. The Postmaster Gen-
eral recommended an appropriation of a similar
amount to be made now; but the Committee of
Ways and Means have reduced it to the sum
named in the bill—$100,000.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the chairman ofthe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means allow me to say one
word. 1 state that i am authorized by responsi-
ble printers to say that they will do this work at
less than one half that is now paid for it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. These proposi-
tions, Mr. Chairman, ore unaccompanied by any
guarantee. It is an easy matter to say that we
could obtain printing, or labor, or have our public
buildings erected,ata much cheaper rate than we
now pay. Disappointed applicants oftentimes
make such declarations. In all the branches of
the Government, persons who have been disap-
pointed in getting-employment have declared that
they would be willing to perform the service at a
less rate.
This clause only proposes to appropriate so
much money as may be necessary to procure
such blanks as are needed m the post offices
throughout the country for the next fiscal year.
In the opinion of the Postmaster General, a larger
sum was necessary; but the Committee of Ways
and Means concluded to reduce the estimate.
The question was taken on Mr. Colfax's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr PURVIANCE. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. OL1N. The principle that has been ap-
plied to the printing of the blanks, I wish to have
also applied to the other items of appropriation—
that the work shall be given to the lowest bidder,
i That principle is right in itself, and I see no reason
why it should not be applied to all these appro-
priations.
Mr. FLORENCE. The existing law requires
that proposals for all supplies shall be in writing.
Mr. OLIN. No matter about that. I move to
amend by adding to the clause, " for wrapping
paper," the following proviso:
Provided, That the contract fur supplying the same hliall
be given to the lowest bidder.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is the law now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ATKINS. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. OLIN. I offer a similar proviso, to be
added to the clause for locks.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman will look
at the Washington papers, he will find proposals
for these very supplies.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am quite opposed
to these conditions, which it seems to be the de-
sire and determination of the committee to insist
upon. I have no idea, nor will the experience
of the Department sustain the position, that these
conditions at all guard against fraud. On the con-
trary, I have heard it repeated, again and again,
that frauds are constantly committed under the
application of this very principle of letting to the
lowest bidder. It is not often that the worthiest
and most acceptable bid, as well as the most eco-
nomical one, is that which ranges at the lowest
figure. Those who are experienced in bidding
fix the highest prices for articles that are to be of
less frequent employment; and in the inverse
order. And so it occurs, oftentimes, that the ar-
ticle proposed to be supplied at the lowest figure
is the worst for the practical use of the Depart-
ment. I tlimk it is not always the case that the
principle of giving the contract to the lowest bidder
is the best protection against frauds. Indeed, the
contrary is frequently the case, particularly when
the principle is attempted to be applied under cir-
cumstances illy adapted to it. It opens a door
more widely to frauds. I think we may go too
far with the principle, and that its application^
this connection would not be judicious.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the word " responsible'* be-
fore the word 44 bidder;" and I desire to say that,
as I understand it, these mail locks are patented
locks—the result of discoveries on the part of
individuals who have received patents for their
discoveries. After ample trial and tests, the De-
partment decides which lock is best suited for the
protection of the mails, and, having ascertained
the fact, purchases from the owner of the best
lock. Now, under these circumstances, I do not
know how this provision of the law could be ex-
ecuted. It does seem to me that ii would be cal-
culated to create mischief and embarrassment.
Mr. ©LIN. The statement of the gentleman
from Virginia satisfies me that my amendment is
wrong; and I withdraw it.
Mr. HATCH. I renew the amendment, with
the addition of the words " with adequate secu-
rity." It is well known that the State of New
York is more largely engaged in internal improve-
ments than any other State of this Union. After
a struggle for years, in consequence of the cor-
ruption practiced in the contracts for the public
works, the people of that State adopted an amend-
ment to their constitution providing that all con-
tracts for public service should be given to the
persons who would do the work at the lowest
price, with adequate security. This is now a part
of the organic law of the State of New York, and
by it that State has saved millions of dollars, I
have no doubt. I have sought an opportunity to
introduce a resolution here, making that a general
law, applicable to every department of the Gov-
ernment; but I was told by the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads that
there was a law applicable to this branch of the
service. I undmstand, now, that such is not the
case; and, therefore, I hope my amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. LETCHER. Unless histor^is very much
at fault, as we derive it from the newspapers, this
provision of the constitution of New York has led
to very serious consequences; for not two months
since it was stated that the canal board, acting
under this provision, had actually run the State
into debt to the amount of millions.
Mr. HATCH. There is no telling how much
they would have run it into debt without that
provision. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, for the reason that I am opposed to the en-
tire contract system. I ask gentlemen to examine
the stationery furnished them here, and they will
find there a practical exemplification of the folly
ofthe contract system. 1 do not intend to reflect
on any of the officers of this House; but I think
that the Government is daily robbed under the
contract system. I would have the officers of this
Government honest enough to go into open mar-
ket and purchase, on fair competition, all the
supplies needed for the Government. We should
not then have these constant investigations to as-
certain whether officers of the Government have
been guilty of fraud or malfeasance in office. I
