THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,- D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
' WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1859.
New Series....No. 70.
know very well, and the experience of every gen-
tleman will bear me out in the declaration, that
no single article of supply furnished to the Gov-
ernment, under the contract-system, comes fairly
up to the standard; and it never has been other-
wise, from the foundation of the Government to
this hour. Take, for instance, candles, soap, or
any other article you choose, and you will find a
deterioration from the samples in every article
that is supplied. No supervision, no inspection,
lio means of investigation, will ever prevent it; be-
cause the quality of the article cannot be a^fcer-
tained until it is distributed all over the globe in the
ships of war, or wherever else it is required to be
used. Then itis discovered that the candles run
away, and that the soap will not effect the pur-
poses for which itis designed, in salt water, and
all that sort of thing, [laughter,] even although
the contractors have given adequate security that
the candles will not run, and that the soap will
be equal to the purposes for which it is required.
[R.enewed laughter.]
fiTow, 1 desire that the people who use these
candles and this soap shall be protected. I desire
that that sort of light and that sort of soap shall
be given to them that shall come up to the stand-
ard of the pioposals invited. I have referred to
these two articles because every gentleman uses
candles and every gentleman uses soap, [Cries of
" Oh no !" and laughter;] and when he sees can-
dles that will run, and soap that will not wash,
lie will recollect that the contract system is a fail-
ure, and will come here and vote intelligently, as
a gentleman ought to do who has a seat here, and
break up the contract system altogether.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this is the sort of econ-
omy that I would practice in the expenditure of
this Government. I would have the supplies for
the Government bought in open market.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. It is evident that
we cannot finish this bill to-day, and I therefore
move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Hopkins reported that
the Cornmitttee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the bill of the House
(No. 872) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1860, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move the adoption of the
following resolution:
Resolved. That tlie lesoUition of the House, authorizing
evening sessions, be so extended as to allow a &ea&ioii this
evening.
Mr. McGlUEEN. I object; and now move
that the House adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to adjourn; there being, on a division—
ayes 42, noes 83.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move a suspension of the
rules for the purpose 1 have indicated.
The question was taken; and tlie rules were
suspended.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of Senate bill No.
341. It is for the protection of the piers and
light-house at Chicago. I have a letter from the
engineer in charge, in which he says that, unless
this appropriation is made, the piers will go to
decay and the light-house topple over.
Objection was made.
Mr. WASHBU RNE, of Illinois. I move a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. ABBOTT. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion; otherwise we will not have a
night session. . ....
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
it for that purpose alone.
76
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion-was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Smith, of Tennessee, in the chair.)
Mr. ABBOTT obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The understand-
ing is, that there will be no business done, nor
votes taken, at the evening session.
Mr ABBOTT. Certainly.
Mr. MORGAN. If the gentleman will yield,
I will move that the committee take a recess un-
til seven o'clock, p. m.
Mr. ABBOTT. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 submit that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and at five o'clock,
p. m., the committee took a recess until seven
o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The' Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m., and by unanimous consent resumed the
consideration of the President's message.
Mr. ABBOTT being entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the committee for an hour. [His speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Chairman, I expected
to occupy the floor this evening; but under the
present circumstances, I think I will not do so.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will occupy the floor, then,
if the gentleman has no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. FOSTER. With the gentleman's permis-
sion I will not trouble the committee with the read-
ing <?f some remarks 1 have prepared upon the
subject of a European and North American rail-
way. I ask leave to print them
No objection being made, leave was granted.
Mr. GILMER asked and obtained leave to
print a speech on the bill introduced by his col-
league, [Mr. Branch,] to establish a national
foundcry ill the valley of Deep river, in North
Carolina, setting forth the superior advantages of
said valley for such an institution.
Mr. LOVEJOY addressed the committee for an
hour upon the subject of slavery.
Mr. OTERO. I ask leave to hand the reporters,
for publication, some remarks I have prepared
upon the depredations of the Indians in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico.
Leave was granted.
Mr. MONTGOMERY next addressed the com-
mittee upon the tariff question.
Mr. HATCH addressed the committee on the
condition and demands of the inland commerce
of the country.
Mr. JACKSON next obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee in defense of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Mr. LAMAR then addressed the committee on
the tariff question, and in reply to Mr. Stanton.
[These speeches will be found in the Appen-
dix.] .
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, obtained the
floor.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will permit
me, I would like to make some reply to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I have been
here two nights waiting to get the floor. 1 cannot
yield now.
Mr. STANTON. I should like to make the
remarks I desire to submit at this time, and on
the impulse of the moment.
Mr. GROVER asked leave to print a speech
which he had prepared, upon the subject of the
Oregon war deb't.
Leave was granted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, addressed the
committee in reference to the Oregon and Wash-
ington war debt. [These speeches will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mi. FOSTER moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and Mr. Grover having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Smith,
of Tennessee, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according to
| order, had the Union generally under eonsidera-
ition, and especially the annual message of the
! President of the United States, and had come to
; no resolution thereon.
I Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, moved that the
' House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at half past eleven
: o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
; Tuesday, February 22, 1859.
j The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
! NEGOTIATIONS WITH SPAIN,
i Mr. BELL. I tlnnk it my duty to call atten-
tion to the resolution which I submitted yester-
i day, which was then objected to, and, of course,
had to lie over under the rule, i rise now, not
so much with a view of pressing the considera-
tion of it, as to say that an hour or two hence, if
: the business of the Senate will permit it, in def-
erence to the wishes of the honorable Senator
who'is the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, [Mr. Mason,] I shall desire,
; then, to call the attention of the Senate to it. It
j is at his request now that I forbear to press'it at
!' this moment.
i PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
1 Mr. STUART presented a resolution of the
j Legislature of Michigan against any increase of
I' the rates of postage; which was ordered to lie on
j; the table,and be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Maine, against any increase of the
rates of postage; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition ofGeorge
W. Dorrance, chaplain at the penitentiary, i n the
city of Washington, praying that the recom-
mendation of the board of inspectors in regard
to Ins compensation may be carried into effect;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. POLK presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying for the passage of a law to
prevent all further traffic in, and monopoly of,
the public lands, and that they belaid out in farms
or lots, for the free and exclusive use of actual
settlers only; which was ordered to lio on the
table.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of John
Reeves, praying that the United States Minister
at Constantinople may be instructed to submit
his claim to pay for service while employed and
detained at Constantinople to construct vessels-
of-war for the Turkish Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Foieign Relations.
Mr. HALE. I hold in my hand, and have been
requested to present to the Senate, a petition from
William Dease, a young man of about twenty-
three years of age, who represents that on the Gth
of February, 1855, he enlisted in the military ser-
vice of the United States for the term of five years,
and was immediately marched to Nebraska ferri-
tory; that there he had both his hands frozen off
up to the knuckle joints; so, thai, at tlie early age
of twenty-three, he is entirely disabled; that about
a year since, he was admitted to the Military Asy-
lum and from that asylum, he has been arbitra-
rily'and unjustly dismissed; and that,at thisage
of twenty-three, maimed and mutilated in his
country's service, he is obliged to appeal to Con-
gress for relief. 1 move that bis petition be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions, of which
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Jones] is the head.
As that Senator is about to leave the Senate, I
