120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
owners of property in the city of Omaha, Ne-
braska Territory, and Sioux city, State of Iowa
—By Mr. Jones.
A bill (S. No. 200) in relation to the duties of
postmasters—By Mr. Foot.
A bill (S. No: 246) to provide for the geolo-
gical and mineralogical survey of the Territory
of New Mexico—By Mr. Polk.
A bill (S. No. 14) to confirm the title in a cer-
tain tract of land in the State of Missouri to the
heirs and legal representatives of Thomas Mad-
din, deceased—By Mr. Green.
An act (H. R. No. 220) for the relief of Mary
Bennett—By Mr. Bayard.
VINCENNES LAND OFFICE.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (H. R. No. 302) to continue the office of
register of the land office at Vincennes, Indiana.
The Representative of that district saw me yes-
terday and said there was a pressing necessity
that the bill should be acted on at once. It sim-
ply continues the office for necessary purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
It proposes to continue the office of register of
the land office at Vincennes for the period of three
years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOHN CAMPBELL.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 342) for the relief of John
Campbell.
It directs that the pension of four dollars per
month, given to John Campbell by special act of
Congress, be increased to eight dollars per month,
the increase commencing on the 3d of December,
1855.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to hear some ex-
planation of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. The report is very brief, and
perhaps that is the best explanation which can
be given.
Mr. DA VIS. Very well, let us hear it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I can state the substance of
it. The soldier was originally granted a pen-
sion by special act of Congress some years ago
for half disability at four dollars a month. The
certificates of surgeons, whom I know personally
very well, and who are gentlemen of high repute,
as well as other evidence, show now that lie is
wholly disabled, is not able to do a particle of
labor; and the committee have therefore reported
in favor of giving him a full pension of eight
dollars a month. That is the case.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senateadjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 16, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. W. B. Edwards, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BRITISH VISITATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House adopted on the 33th instant, calling for
information in respect to recent reported acts of
visitation of American vessels by officers of the
British navy, See., communications from the Sec-
retary of State and the Secretaiy of the Navy.
Mr. CLAY. I call for the leading of the doc-
uments accompanying the message of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
from Kentucky if the same purpose would not be
accomplished by having the documents laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed ? They can,
I suppose, be printed and laid on our tables by
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, the
Chair will put the question to the House whether
the documents shall be read or not.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I object.
.Mr. HOUSTON, -d suppose the gentleman
from Kentucky has the right to have the docu-
ments read, on a motion to print.
Mr. CLAY. I tl en call for the reading of the
message and accompanying documents.
The SPEAKER. Under the motion to print
the Chair supposes the gentleman can have the
papers read.
After the Clerk had proceeded to read a portion
of the documents, Mr. Clay withdrew the call,
and moved that they be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. JENKINS. I find that I am recorded in
the Globe as having voted m the affirmative on
the adoption of the resolution of the House in
reference to the impeachment of Judge Watrous.
I intended to have voted in the negative. I do not
know whether the mistake was mine or that of
the reporter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair learns that the
gentleman is also recorded on the Journal as hav-
ing voted in the affirmative. As the gentleman's
vote will not change the result, if there be no ob-
jection the Journal will be corrected as he indicates.
There was no objection, and the Journal was
accordingly corrected.
DESTITUTE AMERICANS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secietary of State, asking
for an appropriation to defray the expenses of
transporting destitute Americans from Victoria,
Vancouver's Island, to San Francisco, in one of
the steamships of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
PRINTING DEFICIENCY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, containing estimates for deficiencies
in the appropuations of the last session for print-
ing and paper; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BOWIE. I give notice that I will, at an
early day, introduce a bill to grant to the Bald-
more and Potomac Railroad Company, and to the
Metropolitan Railroad Company, five hundred
thousand acres each of the public lands, to be
located in the Territory of Nebraska, to aid m
the completion of said railroads respectively.
WILLIAM LYON.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
for the relief of William Lyon, late pension agent
at Knoxville, Tennessee; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
MARYLAND CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in or-
der to be the report of the Committee of Elections,
on the Maryland contested-election case; and that
the following resolution was immediately pending,
upon which the previous question had been de-
manded :
Resolved, That William Pinkney Whyte have leave to
occupy a seat on the floor of the House pending the (lis?cu^-
sjon of the reportof the Committee oi' Election-*, in (hoca.'C
or ius content an to tlie seat now occupied bv lion. J. Mor-
rison Ilanit, fiom the thud congressional ihotnct of Mary-
land ; and that he have leave to tpeak to the inerit  of s>axd
contest, and the icpoit tlieieon.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I am permitted to do so,
I would like to ask the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Boyce] whether Air. Whyte claims
the seat occupied by A4r. Hams, and that he has
been elected by the people of his district; or
whether he simply claims to oust the sitting mem-
ber, and have the seat left vacant?
Mr. IjOYCE. I will say in reply to the gen-
tleman from Alabama that 1 understand that Mr.
Whyte did claim the seat. He so stated in his
noticc of contest, and also when he appeared be-
foie the committee.
Mr. BOWIE moved that there be a call of the
House.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committer of Elections a question,
which is, I believe, the same as tfiat propounded
by the gentleman from Alabama, but the.response
to which I did not hear. It is this: Does Mr.
Whyte now claim the seat occupied by Mr. Har-
ris ? I do not ask what the report of the commit-
tee is, for I understand that.
Mr. EOYCE. I suppose that some gentleman
from the city of Baltimore can answer that ques-
tion better than I can.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. If the gentle-
man will withdraw the previous question, I will
satisfy the House upon that point. As the pre-
vious question has been called upon the motion
proposed by the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, to allow Mr. Whyte to address the
House upon the merits of this question, and as
many inquiries have been made by gentlemen
upon all sides of the House, I will state for their
information, founded upon the proceedings in this
case, that this is a contested case between Mr.
Whyte, who is the contestant, and Mr. Harris,
the sitting member. That is the position taken
in the original memorial, and the case has been
thus discussed before the Committee of Elections
by both parties. After the testimony had been
taken, under an order of the House, by Mr.
Whyte, atgreatexpense to himself, (some fifteen
hundred or two thousand dollars,) and without
any contribution by this House, the committee of
which the honorable member from Illinois [Mr.
Harris] was chairman, (who is not now, I am
sorry to say, in his seat,) reported that the seat
should be declared vacant. The minority, on the
contrary, reported that Mr. Harris was entitled
to his seat.
These are the propositions submitted by the
committee; and I submit to the House whether
the action of the committee is to govern the House,
or change the character of the case as originally
made up by Messrs. Whyte and Harris, and as
it now presents itself before the House for final
disposition? I apprehend that Mr. Whyte is not
in the position of Mr. Brooks, who contested the
seat of Mr. Davis, because Mr. Brooks did not
claim the seat, and therefore the committee took
the view they did of the case. Whyte, in his
memorial which was presented to the House,
took a different ground from that occupied by
Brooks. He presents himself as a contestant of
the seat of Mr. Harris, and claims that he is en-
titled to it; if he is not entitled to the seat, then,
he snys, that by reason of the character of the
election in Baltimore, by which it could not be
ascertained who was elected, he prefers that the
case should go back to the people.
Mr. BOYCE. I will relieve the gentleman from
Maryland and the House, by saying that I am
authorized to state that Mr. Whyte does not now
claim the seat, and that he wishes to be under-
stood as a petitioner against the right of Mr.
Harris to occupy a seat upon this floor, and
wishes to be heard.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I believe I
am entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was occupy-
ing the floor only by unanimous consent, the pre-
vious question having been called.
Mr. STEWART,of Maryland. I did not pro-
pose to go any further than to state that Mr.
Whyte occupies the position of contestant, and
takes that ground in his memorial.
Mr. STANTON. Ifthegendemaninsistsupon
the previous question, I shall move to lay the
resolution upon the table. I interposed objection
yesterday, and desire to refer to some precedents
which I have at hand.
Mr. BURNETT. I understood that the re-
marks of the gentleman from Maryland were in-
dulged m only by unanimous consent. I now
object to everything out of order. If one be heard,
let all those who wish to speak be heaid.
Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the icsolution
on the table.
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wesc ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
108, nays 30; as follows:
& YEAS.—Messrs. Abhoti, Artrsun, Anderson, Andicws,
Bennett, Biilinehmst, Biuirham, Blair, Bh>s, Biayton, Buf-
finton, Buihnsauie, CarutiieiH. Ca-^e, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Iloiacs; F. Chute, Ciaweon, Clay, Claik B.Cochrane, Colfax,
Cornins, Covode, Ciacfin, Jjurton Craiae, Cuius, Davis of
Maryland. Davi i of Indf.ma, Davi^ofMassaclmsette, Davis
of Iuwa, Dawe.-, Dean, Dick, DocUi, Duifee, Edic, Eustis,
