1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
have no doubt he will be glad to signalize the
close of his service by this act of humanity and
justice.
The petition was referre-d to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. WARD presented the memorial of Joseph
W. Taylor, praying to be relieved from a judg-
ment recovered against him as security for a de-
faulting postmaster*, which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the memorial of Sampson
McCown and Allen D. Rurress, praying to be
relieved from a judgment recovered against them
as sureties for a defaulting postmaster; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
* Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of William H. Forbes and others, guardians of
minor children of mixed bloods of the Sioux In-
dians, reported a bill (S. No. 599) to authorize
the sale Of the scrip or certificates of certain minor
children of the half breeds or mixed bloods of the
Dacotah or Sioux nation of Indians, issued under
the act of Congress approved July 17,1854; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred ihe motion to print ten
thousand extra copies of the report of the Com-
mittee on Pensions on the bill (H. R. No. 259,) en-
titled "An act granting pensions to the officers
and soldiers of the war with Great Britain of
1812, and those engaged in Indian wars during
that period," reported in favor of printing five
thousand copies; which was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
59b) concerning courts in Kansas Territory; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. FITCH, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S No. 370) to piovide for the con-
struction of certain elates of public woiks, be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ajxen, its Clerk, announced that the
llousc had concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to ihe bill (II. It. No. 251,) to authorize
the claimants in light of John Huertas to enter
certain lands in Florida.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A subsequent message announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No.
251) to authorize the claimants m right of John
liuertas to enter certain lands m Florida; and it
' was signed by the Vice President.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. FITCII. Some time since a report was
made from the Committee on Printing in favor of
printing five thousand additional copies of the
Coast Survey report for last year. The report
was made upon a request from the Department to
which that survey belongs for additional copies,
for the use of the Superintendent of the Coast Sur-
vey. The resolution ordering the printing of five
thousand extra copies was adopted at the time by
the Senate, and was so far acted upon, I under-
stand, that the work is in the hands of the Printer.
Subsequently, on the 19th of February, the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] moved a re-
consideration; which, of course, suspends the
further progress of the work. It is unjust that
it should iemam in that suspended condition.
There should be some decision immediately,
either for it or against it. If the Senator were m
his seat, I would ask him to withdraw the mo-
tion; but, as he is not here, I hope it will be taken
up and rejected at once, in order that the Printer
may go on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had some objection,
myself, to the resolution reported by the com-
mittee, inasmuch as it gave the distribution of all
the extra copies to the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey. There was, on my part, no objection to
the number proposed to be printed, and I pre-
sume there is none anywhere; but the provision
that the Superintendent shall have the distribution
of all the copies is a new feature in our arrange-
ments with reference to this matter, and I should
like to hear the reasons why it was proposed.
Mr. FITCH. The reasons, if I can speak for
my associates of the committee, are simply these:
Desirous of stopping, as far as is within their
power, the circulation of documents of that char-
acter by members of the Senate, they felt unwil-
ing to print any extra numbers for such general
distribution by members; but the Superintendent
especially asked for this number, five thousand,
for the use of his office. We were willing to
grant him that request upon his statement of the
necessity, he desiring to distribute these docu-
ments along the coast, where they would be pai-
ticularly useful. For myself, situated unlike the
Senator from Maine, I felt no interest in it, and
no desire to have a single copy m my possession,
but I have no objection whatever to a modifica-
tion of the resolution, so thaf any given number
the Senate may indicate shall be placed in the
hands of members of the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. I think a session or two ago
wo changed the usual order for the publication
and distribution of these documents. I think the
number formerly printed was ten thousand; one
half for the use of the CoastSurvey Office and the
other half to be distributed by members of the
Senate. We subsequently changed it to about six
thousand. I think the last time we ordered the
printing of this report the number was reduced
to six thousand two hundred, of which one thou-
sand two hundred copies were to bo distributed
by members of the Senate and the residua oy the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey. I rather
think it would be desirable to retain a small num-
ber ofcopies for distribution by Senators, who are
often called on for them, particularly from the
maritime States; but I have no desire to return to
the old amount of ten thousand. I would prefer
that a small number should be retained for dis-
tribution by Senators.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no desire to in-
crease the whole number of copies printed; 1 am
satisfied with five thousand; and 1 shall make no
question on that point; but I think the Senator
from Indiana, and other Senators situated as he is,
cannot judge so exactly of the propriety of the
mode which they have decided upon for th% dis-
tribution of this document, as other Senators who
live at pobits where these books are very much
desired. It is hardly to be supposed that the Su-
perintendent of the Coast Survey knows m the
different States a sufficient number of people who
arc the most fit persons to whom these books can
be distributed. Undoubtedly, he has a very large
aquaintance along the coast, where he has beon
conducting these operations; but, of course, it
must be limited among mercantile men. The book
is very much required in my State. We have an
extensive sea-coast, as everybody knows, and a
great many men engaged in commerce, and the
Senators and Rcpiescntativcs from that State
have an excellent opportunity to distribute these
books. They know to whom they may be sent
with advantage, where they will be found useful;
and I can only say to the Senator from Indiana,
who probably cares nothing about them, that I
should be very happy to receive the number that
may come to his shaie for distribution. Several
Senators have been kind enough heretofore to
present mc with more or less of theirs, and I
have been under great obligations to them, and so
have been my constituents. We have a large
number of people to whom they are exceedingly
desirable. For that reason, if the whole number
is reduced to five thousand, T think that at least
three thousand five hundred ought to be allowed
to the Senators for distribution,.leaving one thou-
and five hundred for the Superintendent. At any
rate, I can very well dispose of a much larger
number than will fall to" my share under that
ratio. 1 hope the resolution will be reconsidered
with a view to modify it, so that we may have an
opportunity to distribute a certain portion of these
books at least.
Mr. DAVIS. The object of the reconsidera-
tion, as it is stated by the Senator from Maine,
is with a view to limit the number now assigned
to the Coast Survey, and give some to Senators. I
think the whole number now assigned to the Su-
perintendent of the Coast Survey is required for
his correspondence; and he can distribute them
more judiciously, I believe, than anybcrdy else.
His intercourse with the Chambers of Commerce,
with merchants and navigators ail along the coast
which he has been engaged in surveying, is so
extensive that, even in the State of Maine, I doubt
if those who are most interested in it do not know
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey quite as
well as anybody else. That an individual, a gen-
eral reader, who might desire such a work, would
know a Senator better than the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey, is most probable. For myself,
I will say that 1 have frequently had the same
character of applications as those referred to by
the Senator from Maine; and I have thus far found
no difficulty, by application to the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, in securing at least a reason-
able supply for that portion of the coast which lies
in the State I represent.
I prefer, generally, that the Department having
change of a work should have the distribution of
the documents. So far as I have observed, the
giving of them to Senators for general distribu-
tion throws them into the hands of those to
whom they are of no use; a class of persons who
never would apply to the officer having charge of
a special work; and the officer having chargc of
such special work, will have an intimate acquaint-
ance with the persons most interested in it, if his
operations be coextensive with the Union, as in
this case. The long shore line of the coast of
the State of Maine, much the longest of any Stato
in the Union, of course would render a greater
number desirable there than elsewhere. On the
basis of distribution usually adopted here, which
is giving an equal number to each Senator, Maine
does not get so much; but, by giving the distri-
bution of the work to the officer in charge of it,
his acquaintance with persons along that great
shore line will be peculiarly available, and their
knowledge of the value of the work would lead
them to apply to him for it; and I am quite sure
the State would get a larger portion on this basis
of distribution than on any other. If it be de-
sirable that Senators should have some copies for
distribution, then, I say, increase the number;
but do not divide the five thousand, being the
number which has been graduated for the wants
of the Coast Survey Office in its known, existing
correspondence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have a word to say
about that. The idea that the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey has suoh a correspondence
along the shore that he can best distribute five
thousand copies, is, to my mind, a little singular.
The Superintendent has undoubtedly been m my
State very considerably: but I cannot believe that
his acquaintance with the people interested in that
matter can be anything like so extensive as the
acquaintance of the Senators from that State.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not mean that he has an
acquaintance with individuals anything like equal
to that of the Senators, but an official acquaint-
ance with the class of persons who require this
work.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, not with the class of
persons who require this work. I do not believe
that Professor Bache knows twenty people of
that description in my section of the State. He is
a man very little known personally; he has very-
little connection with the people; he attends to hia
business, undoubtedly, with correctness; but that
he has that kind of knowledge which will enable
him to make this distribution in my State, I cer-
tainly cannot believe to be true. The reason of
my wish is, that I am apprehensive we shall not
get the portion which we ought to have for dis-
tribution. The idea which the office has is rather
to extend the reputation of the work abroad and
m other quarters than to distribute it throughout
this country. I want the people who pay for it
to have it, and I believe those who represent the
people can best tell who ought to have the book,
and in whose hands it would be most serviceable.
That the Superintendent should have the same
number that wo give to the superintendents of
other offices, comparatively, I have no objection.
We give to the superintendent of the Patent Of-
fice two thousand copies of all we print of the
agricultural report for distribution; he wants a
certain number. I am willing to give the same
number to the Superintendent of the Coast Sur-
vey. I really hope this resolution will be recon-
sidered and modified in some' way} so that we
may have a voice in the matter.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it not in order for me now
