1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
the appropriation for the Capitol police, the fol-
lowing:
And for the additional police appointed January 12,1859,
during the present fiscal year, $1,558 32, making, together,
$36,504.
Mr. HUNTER. These additional police were
appointed by the Speaker of the House, and Pres-
ident of the Senate, on account of moving into the
new buildings. It became necessary for that pur-
pose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out from line one hundred and
twenty to one hundred and twenty-five, on page
6, as follows:
"To pay John C. Rives one cent for every five pages of
the Congressional Globe and Appendix when the same ex-
ceeds three thousand pages for a ions  session of Congress,
and fifteen hundred pages at a short seas-ion of Congress, per
act of eighteenth ol August, 1856, $11,000."
Mr. HUNTER. The House struck out the
regularappropriation for the Congressional Globe,
and this appropriation then is useless.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was on page 5, to strike out from line
one hundred and twenty-six to one hundred and
thirty, inclusive, the following words:
" For the usual additional compensation to the reporters
for the Congressional Globe for reporting the proceedings* of
the House of Representative* for tluj thst susmoii of the Thir-
ty-Sixth Congress, $800 each, $4,000."
Mr. HUNTER. This is an amendment to
strike out the appropriation for the reporters of
the House of Representatives. As the House de-
stroy the Globe, the committee did not see-what
they wanted with reporters.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 20, after
line four bundled and aixty-six.to insert:
To enable the Sccretaiy of War to employ temporary
clerks m the office of the Qiiaitei master General, on bounty
land seivice, $5,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the usual appropri-
ation made for clerks, to carry out the bounty
land act.
Mr. STUART. I should like to know if there
is any necessity for it. The business under the
bounty land acts, if we me to believe the reports
fiotn the Departments, and I presume they are
correct, is very nearly completed. We certainly
should not continue this appropriation when the
business is light, or, perhaps, nearly completed.
I am not willing to vute tins sum of money every
year, merely because there are bounty land laws
in existence. Indeed, 1 do not see very much 1
what use the War Department can have for this
number of clerks because of bounty land acts.
This business is done in the Pension Office.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a mistake.
Mi. STUART. Well, sir, the examination of
the rolls would not require that amount of force
at this time,
Mr, DAVIS. The Senator from Michigan, 1
suppose, 1ms overlooked the fact that a large num-
ber of the peisons to whom bounty land is granted
under the successive laws, were teamsters and
employes in the quartermaster's department,and
there alone cat) the evidence of their service be
found. A number of clerks had to be added to
give the information necessary, which could only
be diawn from the quartermaster's department.
Mr. STUART. 1 am very well aware that
tlieie was a necessity for some additional force
. when the law was passed, and for years after-
wards, while the business was.heavy, but I see
that the reports from the Department now show
the bounty land business to be very small. The
great amount of that business has been done, and
the necessity for extra service for the purpose of
ascertaining who is and who is not upon the rolls,
is now not necessary, m my opinion. Therefore,
I call upon the chairman to know whether he had
any information from the Department to show
that the present business required this extra ser-
vice? From all the information from the Depart-
ments I should think not.
Mr. HUNTER. Thegeneral statement is made
in the report of the Secretary of the Interior that
petitions under the bounty land act are coming in
constantly, and the Department have estimated
lor this force as necessary. No spec/aj inquiries
were made. I presume if they were ever neces-
sary, they are now.
Mr. PUGH. It appears by the original bill
that we appropriated $16,440 for the compensa-
tion of clerks and messengers in the office of the
quartermaster general. Now it is proposed to add
$5,000. It seems to me the proposition ought to
be rejected. However, I have not the slightest
idea that it will be defeated.
Mr. STUART. I move to strike out $5,000"
and insert " $2,000." I believe we have gone far
enough in this business, and that wc should re-
duce the force somewhat. My opinion is, that
the appropriation is wholly unnecessary; that
there is not any necessity for a dollar of it; but I
think we had better strike out a portion of it. 1
move to strike out(# $5,000" and insert "$2,000."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; there being, on a division—ayes 20, noes 16.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 26, line six hundred and nine, in the appro-
priation for the Mint at Philadelphia, to strike
out '* $30,000" and insert *'$74,800," so .that
the clause will read:
Foi wages of workmen and adjusters, $71,800.
Mr. HUNTER. The House of Representa-
tives reduced the appropriation for labor in the
Mint. Now, it is well known that the labor there,
to a large extent, is composed of expeits; that tf
you dismiss them they are not easily recalled;
and not only that, but it will be a great inconve-
nience to the Mint, and they might not be able
to discharge their functions so neccssary to the
country. However desirable we thought econ-
omy and letrenchment, m this instance we con-
sidered that it was no saving to diminish the
woi king force of the Mint. Accordingly the Com-
mittee on Finance have offered the amendment
restoring the appropriation for labor in the Mint.
Mr. PUGII. It seems to me that this amend-
ment and the next three or four proposed by the
committee defeat at) attempt which has been made
by the House of Representatives to retrench the
expenditures of this department; and i have very
little doubt the House were light, because the
Senator seems to have no definite information
about it. He only fears that it is not right. This
i<; a good place to make a test, and-I ask for the
yens and nays on the amendment.
The yf^.is and nays were ordeied.
Mr. PUGII. The next amendment of the
committee pioposes an additional appropriation
uf uver$100,000for the Mint. These four amend-
ments include an immense sum One pioposes
to strike out$30,000 and inset t§74,800; the next,
to inseit $100,000 more; still further to strike out
$22,000 and insert $45,000; and still further, to
strike out out $15,000 and insert $34,000. It
seems to me that here is almost a quarter of a mil-
lion increase for the Mint. 1 cannot believe it to
be necessary.
Mr. GW1N. The amendments of the Commit-
tee on Finance, in regard to the mints, are to re-
store the estimates of the Department. The House
of Representatives, without any report, without
any examination of the subject, on the simple
motion of a member, not coming from any com-
mittee, leduced these appropriations. Any legis-
lation in legard to the coming establishments of
the United States, should be approached with
great caution and eare. Why, sir, the coining of
our own gold product amounts to from twenty to
fifty millions a year. Here are carefully prepared
estimates of the Department, which, without a
reason given, upon the simple motion of a mem-
ber of the other House, are struck down, in this
indiscriminate mode of striking at all appropria-
tions, when there is not time for examination, as
was the case there. The only reason that has
been given for the motion m the other House was,
that the appropriations were large and not def-
inite. The fact is the estimates were prepared
with care at the Mint. As the Senator from Vir-
ginia has stated, the workmen engaged are ex-
perts. The increase of gold in the country is
greater than it was formerly, and the necessity
for the Mint is greater than it has been; and noth-
ing could be more injurious than to strike out the
estimates of the Department, and close up the
mints, for the proposition of the House would
have that effect. We should have to send gold off
to foreign countries, instead of having it assayed,
refined, and coined at home.
Mr. PUGH. It makes very little difference,
for all these twenty dollar pieces are exported;
and they may as well be made into large bars. It
is a very foolish thing, I think, for the United
States to be engaged m the twenty dollar coinage
to such an extent. The coin isexpoited; and I
do not know but that the object of making that
large coin was to let it be exported; and it might
just as well be a gold bar. When we are urged
to stand by an appropriation bill that comes from
the House, we are told that the House has care-
fully considered it. We do not know how much
the House has considered it. We see that here
is a systematic effort which has been made to re-
trench the expenditures of the Government in that
department, which has been made by the coor-
dinate branch of the Legislature—that branch
which has pecuhaily the charge of the public
revenue. It is said wc have the estimate of the
Departments. Oh, yos; wc have them for every-
thing; and, if the Departments are to legislate
money out of the Treasury, wc had better go
home.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator says we might as
well send it off in bars. How will yon put it into
bars unless you assay it and refine i-t ? Tim main
service performed is in getting it into bars. These
very laborers are employed for that purpose. The
coinage is a small portion of it; it has to bo pre-
paied for coinage.
Mr. PUGH. I do not care about preparing it
for gentlemen who want to export the gold.#Let
them prepare it for themselves.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Ohio is
mistaken in regard to this matter. It requires
expert laborers and faithful men in this regard,
men who have to be trained to it. But that is not
the only thing. Suppose, by reducing the labor,
which is the- cheapest thing in the Mint, wc should
disable them fi om coming money as fast as ltmrght
be wanted, it would be dangerous to commerce.
It is one of the things with which it is dangerous to
tamper. I would ra.ther be wrong, 1 would rather
spend some money unnecessanly in this particu-
lar, than run the risk of injuring commerce by
disabling ourselves from coining the gold and sil-
ver that might be deposited in the Mint, in time
for the wants of trade and commerce. We
thought, therefore, it would be safer and better
to reconsider the appropriations to the amount of
the estimate. Theie would be no economy in
stopping the operations of the Mint, if it would
have that effect, and there is danger that it
would.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now call tip the unfinished business of yesterday,
in order that the Senate may determine the ques-
tion which was suggested a short time ago by the
Senator from Virginia.
Mr. SLJDELL. I suggest that, by common
consent, the yeas and nays be taken on this
amendment, and then the other question can be
raised and decided. 1 will simply suggest that
the effect of not adopting the amendment offered
by the Committee on Finance will he to leave all
the officers of the Mint in the fall enjoyment of
their salaries, without the power of doing any-
thing—to pay the officers and have no men. That
would be the direct effect.
Mr. PUGH. How can that be, when there is
already $30,000 appropriated for adjusters and
workmen.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is not enough.
Mr. PUGH. The bill contains an appropria-
tion of $30,000. Now, let me repeat, that the
Senate may understand the question, that, at the
Philadelphia Mint it. is proposed to strike out
$30,000 and insert $74,800. Here is the mint at
San Francisco, and it is proposed to increase the
appropriation for that from $65,493 to $165,493.
Here is the assay office at New York, and there
is an increase there from $30,000 to $45,000. Here
is the branch mint at New Orleans, and it is pro-
posed to increase that fiom $15,000 to $34,000,
Here is more than one hundred percent, on every
single one of them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Above the estimates?
Mr. PUGH. I do not know what the esti-
mates are.
Mr. HUNTER. These are strictly according
to the estimates.
Mr. PUGH. Then the House has reduced the
estimates.
