122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
ray opinion, there is no question now pending
before the House, or befoie the Congiess of the
United States, which is of paramount importance
to the one now before the committee—this pen-
sion bill. Aflgi, although I do not expect to make
any lengthened remarks upon it, I do wish to as-
sign a few of the reasons why I shall act as I
think it my duty to do m this case.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman allow
the resolution of last session, closing debate, to
be read ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Chair
whether it has not been the universal practice of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to postpone special orders?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it has
not.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Chair will refer to
the precedents that have been established by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I am satisfied that he will find that such has been
the practice.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair is advised that
the precedents are the olhei way.
Mi. HOUSTON. I know that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union have, time
and again, postponed special orders,
The CHAIRMAN. The House itself #ives
direction to the business in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. If the commit-
tee postponed the special Older, the bill would £0
upon the Calendar, and cease to be a special order.
Mr. GROW. Is not this motion m the nature
of a question of the priority of business?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks so.
Mr. GROW. If so, is it debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, in the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. GROW. Then I hope we shall have the
question at onee.
Mr. HUGHES. For the purpose of allowing
a proper order to be taken in this matter, I move
that the committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. What report does the gen-
tleman propose that the Chairman of the com-
mittee shall make to the House ?
Mi. HUGHES. My pui pose is that the House
shall dispose of the question of postponement.
Mr. SMITIIj of Virginia. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Indiana and to the gentleman
from Alabama, that we pass over this subjectand
go to something else.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
could only be done by general consent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Weil, I move that
it be done by ^eneial consent. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I suppose that
when the committee rises, the Chairman will re-
port that the committee have had under consid-
eration the bill granting pensions to the soldiers
of the war of 1812, ami have come, to no conclu-
sion thereon, and have decided to rise. We have
had that subject under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that all
this debate is irregular and out of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the Chair
will have the resolution closing debate read.
The Cleik read the lesolution, as follows:
Resolved, That nil debat'' m the Committee ofrhe Whole ■
on the stn.to of the I'nion on the t>jjf of the* Heu-ie (No 4}.VJ)
irrantnie peiwonstoihe ofT:et>i? ami >oi(hers« ot the war with
Ureal Hi ham of] 812, and those engaged in wais dui uiy that
pfk'd, (-hull in tinee houi> atiei tin- Hoiim' shali jgaui
resolve itvii'nsto the < 'ommittee ot the Whole flou-e on the ;
? fate of the ITinon, nwMne eommut-'o shall then pioeeul .
to vorc on Mi'-h amendments ad may he pending or oileu'd !
to thf cowi tlK'n rop'ji t )t to ine Houm* wuli such j
am' iidmcut* as inu> have been agteed to by the commit- \
toe.'' ]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I adc that the
resolutioii making this bill a spccial oider be now ,
rend. 1
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: i
c: Resolved, That Lull of thci IIoufc (IVo. 2.U1) printing 1
the soldi'jiia of the war of the Indian J;
\v>!^ about that period, he made the special order for the ;
second Tuesday m December next, to continue fiom day to !
day until ai.-po.--ed of.'5 j1
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to suggest jj
that the resolution closing debate was superseded J
by the adjournment, and by the resolution making ij
the bill a spoci-il order. i;
Mr. NICHOLS. That is exactly my opinion. L
I desire only to say, m regard to this special order,
that I myself, and several other gentlemen, desire
to submit some remarks in opposition to the whole
bill; and all I desire is that we may have a free
and fair discussion upon the questions involved,
and I insist upon that.
Mr. "BURNETT. I want to see whether I un-
derstand the position of this bill. I understand
it to be the special order from day to day until
disposed of, and that, under a resolution of the
House, the debate closes in three hours after the
committee resumes its consideration.
Mr. NICHOLS. That is the question in con-
troversy. I think that the last order superseded
the first.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
order making this bill the special order in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
is a subsisting order, like the other special order
which the House postponed to-day.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I understand the Chair
to decide that there is no limitation to the debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks there is
a limitation.
Mr. BURNETT. And that the debate closes
in three hours ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
three hours have been exhausted.
Mr. SAVAGE. Am not I entitled to an hour?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman who re-
ported the lull is entitled to an hour.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I understand the
Chair to decide that no debate is in order on the
billJ
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the three hours allowed for debate have been
exhausted.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I move, sir, that the
committee rise, and report the bill to the House,
with a leecmmendation that it do pass.
Mr. NICHOLS. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that we
shall at least have an opportunity to offer some
amendments before that motion is put.
The CHAIRMAN. Of course that will be m
order, and live minutes'debate can be had upon
such amendments.
Mr. WARREN. I understood the Chair to
determine that this bill is propeily before the
House for discussion. Now, sir, I think we have
heard enough of this thing; and for the purpose
of bringing it to a termination, I move to strike
out the enacting clause.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the motion of the gentleman is not in order at
this time; the gentleman from Tennessee is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. GARTRELL. I understand the Chair to
decide that debate is closed upon this bill. The
gentleman from Kentucky moves that the com-
mittee rise and repoit the bill to the House, with
the recommendation that it do pass. I desire to
know whether, if that motion prevail, the motion
which I submitted at the last session of Congress
to amend will come up before the House for its ac-
tion?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire that the amend-
ment which I submitted shall be put in such a
position that it will come up for action when the
House comes to consider the bill on its pas-
sage.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman from Georgia, that it will be the
proper place to offer his amendment in committee;
but that no amendment is now in order, until the
gentleman from Tennessee has occupied his hour
m closing the debate.
Mr. WARREN. I wish to know what has
become of my motion to strike out the enacting
clause? I thought the effect of that motion was
to cut off all debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion was not in
order while the gentleman from Tennessee held
the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If my colleague
does nut propose to occupy the hour to which he
is entitled. I ask him to yield to me for a few
moments.
Mr. SAVAGE. I have agreed to yield half of
my time to the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Davidson.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I requested my
colleague to yield me a portion of his time. I
believe I am the only member of the delegation
from Tennessee who oppose/s this bill. The gen-
tleman from Louisiana,! believe,favors the bill*.
I hope, therefore, my colleague will yield to me
for a few moments.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Savage] that
he cannot recognize any arrangement to yield a
portion of his time to another member.
Mr" UNDERWOOD. For the purpose of re-
moving some of the difficulties which seem to be
in the way of a proper consideration of this most
important bill, I am disposed to ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee to allow me to make the
motion that the committee rise for the purpose of
taking the proper action for prolonging the debate
upon this subject. There are a number of gen-
tlemen who desire to be heard, and who cannot
be heard unless some such action is taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest,
if it be the pleasure of the committee, that a mo-
tion be made that the committee rise, and report a
recommendation that the special order be post-
poned until some subsequent day, which shall be
named.
Mr. FENTON. ^desire to ask whether the
amendment, indicated by meat the last session
of Congress, is before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thjnks not.
Mr. FENTON. Then I ask the gentleman
from Tennessee to give way to allow me to sub-
mit it.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order for the
gentleman from New York to submit his amend-
ment when the gentleman from Tennessee shall
have occupied the hour to which he is entitled, he
hdving repoi ted the bill.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to_a question of order.
I submitted the motion, some time ago, that the
committee iise. I ask that the Chair shall sub-
mit that motion to the committee.
The CH AIRMAN. The gentleman could not
take the floor from the gentleman from Tennessee
to submit that motion unless the floor was yielded
for that purpose. The gentleman from Tennessee
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Chairman, I have anti-
cipated all that has occiured in regard to this bill.
Every great cause has been opposed without re-
gard to its merits. Indeed, persecution and op-
position seem to have been the most unrelenting
and bitter to those that were best. Christianity
came upon the world to raise a universal howl
against it from the heathen nations. Progress of
all kinds, from the earliest period to (he present
time, has met this fate. Our Revolution—the most
glonous step in man's political history—had its
bitterand irreconcilable opponents, who sacrificed
their lives and fortunes, under the name of To-
i ics, for the deadly hatred they bore the cause of
liberty. Gentlemen opposed to this measure re-
joiced as if something unexpected had occurred,
when the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Curry]
spoke against it at the last session. For myself, t
was in no way disappointed. If it had not called
forth some such opposition, I might have doubted
its correctness and final success; but this beginning
gives me a full assurance of the end, and that
sooner or later the citizen soldier shall again be
victorious, There is nothing new to me in the
speech of the gentleman. [Mr. Curry.] Every
argument and illustration used by him was urged
most eloquently, and more in detail, by Mr.
Davis, of South Carolina, in 1S32,against the sol-
diers of the Revolution; indeed, this last speech
is a perfect daguerreotype of th^ fn st^-smaller in
us dimensions, and more concise and beautiful
in its expressions. If the speech of Mr. Davis
was read to-day to the committee, as much or
more would lie said, applicable to this bill, as was
said by the honorable gentleman from Alabama.
These arguments weie powerless then, and will
fail now.
Mr. Davis denounced the bill of 1832 as a sys-
tem of immense magnitude, novelty of character,
and incalculable amount. No time, he thought,
could be more unfortunate and ill-judged for the
introduction of the measure. He described the
nation as depressed beyond endurance, and labor-
ing under burdens too heavy long to be borne; he
called it a "mammoth bill," extending beyond
all former, all describable limits, and beyond all
calculable costs, ushered into the House, and
pressed forward with haste and zeal; that it was
