1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
" enonuourj, wild, and extravagant." He com-
pared it io the herding together of wolves to chase
the wounded bufidlo, and said that it would sad-
dle upon the country au annual expense of more
than six uuUions; that it was the same system
which, hi the language of Jefferson, had-sent the
European luu'uur supperless to bed; that it would
jxTjCion such men as General Wade Hampton,
and hty the foundations for an aristocratic and
privileged order; that it was a sacrifice of the
property of one man for the benefit of another,
and would teach the people to look to the Gov-
ernment for bread; that it was a system corrupt-
ing to individuals and States; and he more than
once repeats wiiat we heard from the gentleman |i
from Alabama, that, Roman libeity was but a !]
name after the people began to feed fiom the pub- >
lie graiJdries. i
Mr. Da-vr- olso noticcd the soldiers of the war j
of lbl3, as the member from Alabama has done !
the soldiers of subsequent wars; he denies that j
they ever di earned of pensions; but he describes ;
the Federal Government as then penniless and j
insolvent—too feeble to even furnish arms to meet j
the foe, and-smking upon the wild current of war, !
like the great Caesar upon the swollen Tiber, cry- j
ing to a generous people " Help! help me, or I ;
sink !" The gallant citizens of the West, without i
arms or equipments furnished by the Government, j
marched to JNTew Orleans and fought a battle that;
broke the hearts of tyrants, covered themselves i
with impewshaUe glory, and forever established '
the digmry of freemen and the power of America.
These and many other offensive things were urged j
by the gentleman from South Carolina, m 1832, j
against the pension system for the revolut'onary ,
soldiers. I have noticed them for the purpose of ;
shov,mg to those wno may have thought other- i
wise, that the weapons used by the gentleman j
from Alabama, in his assaults upon this bill, are 1
old, broktn informer defeats, and in no way dan- j!
gerous. Gentlemen, by professions of respect jl
and kind feehngs for the old soldiers, endeavor i.
to avoid the responsibility of the aiguments they j
make and the votes which they give; but 1 tell j
them there is no neutud ground; this is a great ,
battle, end he that is not for us is against us. |
The tiv<± must be judged of by the fruit, and the !
fruits of their speeches, if permitted to ripen, are j|
death to the hopes of these old men who now, j:
sinking to the grave under the iron grasp of pov- t
erty, crv to the nation "help! help!'5 as that ;
nation cried to them in 1812, when struggling 1
beneath the paws of the British hon.
There is another fact which makes the speech
of the gentleman from Alabama the " uiikindcst \
cut of all." if I am not mistaken, he lives upon '
and represents the glorious battle-field of Talla- ;
deffa; the very soil that produces the bread that 1
hc^eais contains the bones, and has been made ;
richer by the flesh and blood, of my countrymen, j
offered up in 1312 as a sacrifice to the common ;
safety and gloi y, and I can well believe that some ■
poor oid helpless women, whose husbands nave i
In the language of the report—which I adopt
on this occasion—
" Many of these gallant men return with impaired health
—some with ruined constitutions : but no matter how they
return, with a few fortunate exceptions, tney find that
while others who have remained at Home have advanced,
they have retrograded in the race for the good things of this
world which render man independent arid old age comfort-
able ; their business and families have been neglected, their
property depreciated, their patronage is in tne hands of
others.; with them it is almost commencing life a second
time at the bottom of the ladder, although their absence,
from home may have been of short duration. As a general
rule, they give the strong days of their manhood to the ser-
vice of the country, and f-ee a<3 much of actual war in afew
campaigns as the soldiers of the«e va?t standing armies do
in theirhfetime; so mat our Government teenies the same j
benefit m the hour of danger, for a very small expense, that J
is obtained by other countries at iho enormous co-=tof ilieir '
perpetual establishments. The burden and saeiifice-? of a 1
foreign war ai<\ for this caus'*, unequally divided uetween ,
the ciu^tins of the Republic, being principally borne by the j
brave men who, from patriotic motives, thus enter the mill- \
tary service. This view of the subject m-ty be illUftrated ,
by suppoping the ea<e of two men of equal ability following \
the same occupation : the one obeys the impulses of pat- j
rioti&m, enters jour fccivice, fheds ins blood m jour cause, !
advances your standard to victory and glory, bringing peace j
and renown to the nation ; but m mo-i caies, if he leturns j
at all to the bo=om of Ins ftiindy it is with !<:• < ability to toil, j
with property and bu-mesp injured, perhaps lost forever, i
and for no other iea>ou than because he (ought youi bat- !
ties tin*. gallant man goes down to the grave in poverty, |
and leaves his v;ife and little ones to misery and want. The j,
oth°r, from accident, neces^m. or a gieater regard for in- i
dividual comfort, lemams ar nome, pur.-uet- hn business, !
accumulated piope«ty, guards Ins lamil;. and leaves them •
at his death comfortable and wealthy. No bounty of the |
Government is likely ever to place these men upon an J
equality; but a generous people should not let the old sol- 1
dter die among them, when poverty lias been the result of !
sacrifice? for their bufetjj
Gentlemen have avoided this view of the ques- j
tion; they- hare neither answered it or tried to an- '
swer it. It suits their purposes far better to deal ;
perished from exposure in those campaigns, now
listen most anxiously m their homes of puverty
for your response to their petitions. 1 have
learned from the men, the mothers, and wives of
that day, the sacrifices and sufferings ^that at-
tended these groat achievements, and the stars i
of heaven shall not move more steadily in their
courses than shad my feeble.efforts be given in ■
pres-nng their claims before the nation.
it is the greatest absurdity to adduce the Eng- j
hsh pension system as an argument against the
one piMj.o'j'*d by this bill. They are adverse in
every "In England the power to penwon $
is m' tne Crown, and the pensioners are nobles, '
ll !t'"u IS, and 'jvontes of the monarch—it is a
royal and not nauunal system. Tins bih proposes
10';;i\e it to tlie humble and unfortunate, because
( f ;ii" lUjiir.es tii.'v have sustained for the public
It is tow 1 xte fc,rgentl''men to talk about llie^un-
eoi^tjtutioeal.tv of tee pension system. The
i.'f'sl.'i! Hi: in re'-Mi'd to the revoIiHii-i ary soldieis
has, es.'ahlisii"d the pre"eJent, and forever fixed
the eoiisnintemal law upon the suOject. it la.
ourdeily practice to give pensions for injuries suf-
iaiiadiii the s'.r\iee, and tne argument for this
bill assume;; that all who enter your service are
same <,r less injured m health, f"rtune, and fiavr
to laber.
ill flowers of rhetoric, general axioms, and abu
sive epithets. _ _ |.
Gentlemen attack the bill in its details, critic is- jl
ing its provisions with creat severity, yet they p
suggest nothing in lieu of them. Now, I submit to !
acandid world whether they would no! show them-
selves wiser legislators and better patriots by em- ,
ploying the ability which they manifest to make •
perfect the imperfect bill which has been reported. '
For myself, I had neither a hope or expectation !
of presenting a system perfect in its details. My ;
purpose, when drafting the bill and report, was i
to piesent the question to the nation in t!m fewest \
words possible, and in the most striking light. I ;
had no hopes of the passage of any bill until the I
people should speak out upon the subject and :
order their Representatives to execute iheirwiil. 1
I expect amendments, and should other gentle- ;
men fad to offer those I think necessary, I will
propose them myself. ■
I pass now over many minor arguments to an- j
swer the stateinentin regard to the costs. The gen-
tleman from Alabama-spoke of a table before him,
carefully prepared at the Pension Oluce, making
as estimate of the amount involved in this bill.
All the woiid was left to infer that the gentleman's '
statement of facts and conclusions rested upon j
the authority of the pension bureau. I was aston-
ished when the statement was made; for besides j
feeling confident that it was extravagant and un-
founded, I knew that the Military Commntee (of ,
wh.ch the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bui fin-ton] and 1 are members) had called upon
this Department, through the President, and had
received no such answer.
Mr. EUFFI-VTON assented.
Mr. SAVAGE. I have examined the so-red!ed
tables of the gentlemen from Alabama, and find
them unsigned and unauthorized by any officer of
the Government, and hence tins famous calcula-
tion is who! 1 y \vi' hoot foundation, save the splen-
did imagination of tne oratu', or tne private in-
fouYiati'm of some individual. But the authority
j of no Department could .sustain the truth ot this
statement. It is too easy to show that it is a very
''reateiror. This cilciilat.on assumes that more
than eleven million dolhos per annum will be re-
quired to meet the pen-ions und^r this bill. ^ 13y
reference to the message of ttse president^above
alluded to, in leplv fo fhe Miiiir-ry Committee, it
will appear that the whole number of officers and
men mustered from the militia in the war of 181™,
was fair hundred ,-:nd f«'.enty-one thousand six
'mmdied and twenty-two; and the report of Mr.
Cho'ioun, Secretary of War m I '"'nb shows that
the full pav u'ceneu by eihccre and men for the
whole term of service, amounted to $12,618,961;
and by the report made to Congress, in 1836, by
the Third Auditor, it appears that only one hun-
dred and sixty-eight thousand nine hundred and
eighty-two of this number were in service for the
term of three months. Now, forty-five years since
the war, when nine tenths of these gallant men are
in the grave, the monstrous absurdity is pressed
upon us by gentlemen, that the survivors of this
one hundred and sixty-eight thousand will draw
nearly as much by way of pension, per annum,
as the whole four hundred and seventy-one thou-
sand drew for full pay during the whole time of
the war.
Again,.it appears from the report of Mr. Cal-
houn, above referred to, that the grand total of
officers and men engaged in the revolutionary war
amounted to four hundred and ten thousand six
hundred and four. The invalids were provided
for at an early period; and in 1818, all who served
nine months, or to the endofthewarof the Revo-
lution, in the Continental line, were provided for.
In 1332, pensions were given to all persons, mili-
tia, voluntfers, and regulars who served for the
term of six momhs in the war of the Revolution.
Novspur, the letter of the present Secretary of the
TreaTOry, addressed to this House, on the 10th
of February last, shows the sums drawn from
the Government under these various acts, and it
shows that under the act of 1818, and the invalid
acts of a prior date, the annual appropriations on
account of pensions were usually less than one
million, and, with the exception of two years,
never amounted to two millions. It also shows
that after the passage of the act of 1832, against
which the gentleman from South Carolina distin-
guished himself, by w.ld and extravagant asser-
tions, such as we have heard fiom gentlemen in
regard to this bill, that the appropriations were
usually about two million dollars, and never in
any year but one, amounting to as much as four
millions, which large sum was created by the act
relating back to a period anterior to its passage.
It also appears by this report, that the whole sum
paid by the Government, from 1792 to the pres-
ent date, by way of pensions, is £77,372,941 54,
an amount not sufficient to support our little Army
three years.
Now, it is seen that there is not a great differ-
ence between the numbers of the soldiers of the
Revolution and those of the war of 1832; and it is
known that the benefiis of the revolutionary acts
were extended to heirs and representatives; so
that it is impossible that there can be as many
applicants under this bill, which provides only
for the soldier and his widow, as under the revo-
lutionary acts. Then,away with tins false clamor
of §11,0UU, UflO, or even half that sum; it is ground-
less, and made to draw away the mind from a fair
' consideration of this question.
Gentlemen assert that there is no legal right
resting upon us to confer these pensions; and if
claimed as a matter of rignt, the next step will be
to adopt the policy of Great Britain, with her_mag-
; nificent Chelsea hospital for the relief and sup-
' port of worn-out and disabled soldieis, and her
: Greenwich hospital—once a royal palace—as an
asylum for seamen who, by age or wounds or
other accidents, become unfit for servicc. This
statement is made with aview to disparage Great
Britain: but gentlemen are mistaken; they could
not have found in English history so high a com-
pliment to that imperial Power, it shows that, no
' matter bow much we may abuse her for pampering
her lordly aristocrats, her policy and providence
reach down to, and care for, the humble and faith-
ful servant. In other words, the nrgument anjounts
' to this: that the Knglish soldiers under Packcn-
1 ham, who invaded our country with the jnfamous
watchwords of "Beauty and Booty," if disabled
or in age, shall, because they fought tor a king, be
bap'iy^and comfortable in a royal hospital; but
! tUosVWl-int soldiers who met the storm ol war
. bv tbc^side of Jackson, and drove back your in-
vaiers, shall be left to perish along the pathway
of life, in poverty and want, because th; v were
1 the citizen-soldiers of a Republic, .s this the
country that 1 am called upon to love, defend, and
' honor5 Shall we follow tiie advice of gentlemen,
; aiid prove to all mankusd the truth of that most
' infamous charge that republics are ungrateful?
i The gentleme.n fi'am Alabama [Mr. Curry]
! pa,j that most faithful and able public officcr, the
