126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
be has had the bounty prescribed by the Govern-
1 rnent in three several acts. I want to know where
is the particular claim of justice on the part of
those who have served in the Army ? That is the
question (propound, I need not be told that many
who have served their country are poor. There
are thousands in my own district; there are thou-
sands in the district of every gentleman here, who
never served tlffeir country, and who are poor.
What then, and why then? It resultsfrom those
causes that embrace the grand system of political
economy in the Union. "We might give to those
who have served pensions without stint, and they
would still be poor; and would you go on and give
them additional pensions because they had squan-
dered the benefits that they derived from the pen-
sion acts and bounty acts already passed ?
I have stated a part of my experience. I have
stated that I obtained nmety-six land warrants,
under the act of 1850, as agent for men who were
entitled to its benefits. Where did these land
warrants go? That is the point. I will tell you.
Long before these warrants were obtained, bank-
ers in my own town, moneyed men, speculators,
had obtained a lien upon them; and when the war-
rants came, they were simply transferred to those
who went into the western Territories and located
the warrants to the prcjuuice of the actual set-
tlers. That is my experience in this matter.
I come back to the original proposition, and to
a point alluded to by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. I do not want to make our revolutionaiy
war serve as a precedent here; and 1 will tell you
why. You had then no Government. Then, the
men who embraced your service and went to the
defense of the country and of its liberties, were
those who had no guarantee of any reimburse-
ment. Their chances were between a halter and
recompense. But since that time, and in the war
of 1812, and subsequent wars, you have had a
Government which invested those who entered
its service with all the rights and immunities of
national men. If they were taken prisoners, they
weio prisoners of war, not subject to the halter,
but to those grand international rights which per-
vade all the civilized world. There is the dis-
tinction which I would impress on the mind of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett.]
Sir, you cannot lend me to believe that there is
any similitude between the cases of the soldiers
of the Revolution and of the soldiers of our sub-
sequent wars. The one was the case of a grand
popuhussiruggle for liberty, where men were in
rebellion. In the others, those who fought did
so as citizens of a great nation having its soli-
darity, so to say. I ask any man if there 13 not a
gi^at difference between these cases?
.A!i to your pennon system, no man values the
rorviros of those who have fought for the liberty
and defense of this country mory than I do. But
i say jf to-moi row the tocsin of alarm were
sounded, and the do^s of wai let loose, it would
be my duty, as it would be the duty ofevery man
who hetfrs niu, and of oveiy citizen of tins grt-at
Confederacy, to give his blood, his services, his
wealth, and his position, to the country. And do
you tell me that for doing this, which is my duty
as a citizen, I should be pensioned? I say no,
sir. [Here the hammer fell.]
Air. BURNETT withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BLISS. 1 move to amend the amendment
ofthe gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
by substituting "fifteen days'' for "one month."
1 doit for the purpose of stating a fact in connec-
tion with those stated by him. And i premise by
saying that tiie principle of this bill, granting to
the able and able-bodied, the rich as well as the
poor, is a very doubtful one. aod 1 have not yet
made up my mind to vote for it. The pension
sysi.-m is jo _;<-ncrdl an evil one, and should not
be though:].^sly extended. Lut if this bill is to
pass, it baould be | ut m such a shape ns to give
petiMnptf t<> those who are entitled to them under
its general principles. Nov/, what are the fucts
in lelauon to the time of service of our most
patriotic volunteers? i behove, sir, that the ma-
jor, ty of those who volunteered to defend tne
ii oil' ier alter the surrenoer of riuU, werem .-service
i-'ss f ban thiee months. I know that 1 have neigh-
bors all around me, who upon hearing of that
R.trieml'T, at once turned out by whole militia
Every man in the neighborhood
di -erted his fairn or his business, left his crops
uiHown, Ins Hocks unguarded, shouldered his
musket, and marched still deeper into the wilder-
ness, and most of those men were discharged
within three months, the necessity for their ser-
viceshaving ceased. I have a company nowin my
mind's eye, that was gone over two months,
during the sowing season, and thus lost the whole
wheat crop of a large section. Now, do we wish
to reward any particular term of service, in the
shape of wages, or do we wish to encourage that
patriotic impulse that lead s men to rally to the de-
fense of their country at all times when needed, and
without regard to the length of time they may be
kept in the service?
Again, in the State of New York, I know that
militia and volunteers were often called out as da -
ger threatened, and went to Sackett's Harbor, to
Niagara, and other points on the frontier, and
were there from thirty to sixty days, but less than
three months. I will instance the battle of Platts-
burg; when the British invaded that part of the
country, the people turned out en masse, not for
any particular time, but to repel the invader, in-
dignant that he should tread upon our soil and
not find a grave. It mattered not to them whether
it was for one, for three, or for six months; they
went to answer the call of their country on that
occasion, and they did answer it. But suppose
the enemy, instead of giving battle, frightened at
this outburst of patriotism, fortunately for them
and for us, had retired from our borders: would
not the patriotism have been the same ? And yet
these men would have been excluded by the terms
of this bill.
Sir, if wo are to adopt the principle of pen-
sioning for services merely, without regard to
wounds, disability, or present need—which I con-
sider a doubtful principle—let us fix it upon some
basis that will hold out an encouragement to vol-
unteers to turn out to meet any emergency, with-
out reference to the number of days it may be
necessary to keep them in service. I now with-
draw my amendment, and hope the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky, which 1 had
intended myself to offer, will prevail.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, by striking
out "one month "and inserting "twelve months."
I do it for the purpose of stating that my objec-
tion to this bill is, that before many years elapsed,
it would disable the Government from carrying
on any war at all. If we are to go on and pen-
sion every person who serves, or who has served,
in the militia, or in the Army or Navy, and the
widows of those who have died, then in one gen-
ciation the resources of the Government will be
exhausted in the payment of pensions, and noth-
ing else. One great objectim that was made in
the early history of our Government, against all
the Governments of Europe, was their pension
lists. We declared against the system. That
was the revolutionary principle; and subsequent
to the Revolution the outcry made against half
pay to the oflicers for life was so great that it led
to the passage of the commutation act. The men
who had served in the revolutionary war could
not endure that the oflicers should receive half
pay for life, although the-contract had been made
with them on that ground; and so great was the
outcry that that contract had to be repealed.
That was the understanding of the militia and
regulars who fought in the Revolution. The sys-
tem adopted forty years after the close of the
revolutionary war was to pension those only who
were poor and too old to earn a living for them-
selves. That had to be in proof at the Pension
Office; and no pension was allowed to any man
who had propeity enough to live on, or who was
able to earn a living by his own exertions. I say,
sir, that that is the true priiv'ijde for a republican
Government. It was adopted by the very men
who fought the Revolution. Patriotic men of all
parties, men who had served as ollicers, and men
who had served as puva1es, forced upon Congress
the repeal of Vac act giantmg to the officers half
pay for life; they would endure no pension list,
and nothing in the shape of it. I say, sir, that
the system or pensioning and gratuities, upon
which it is proposed to enter, wilt, m a few yeais,
place this Government ina position where itwiil
not be able to fight one a war with the pettiest
kingdom on the face of the earth. Ail its ener-
gies will be tasked and loaded down by the pay-
ment of pensions. The one half of the people
who labor will have to give the proceeds of their
labor to the other half who do not labor, but re-
ceive pensions. I say that the man who dis-
charges his duty well in the civil departments of
life as a true laborer and a true man, is as much
entitled to a pension, in case of disability, as a1
great majority of those who have served in the
militia, and perhaps more so. That is all I have
to say upon this subject.
Mr. MASON. Gentlemen upon the other side
of the House have taken upon themselves to come
down upon those who advocate this bill, and
scold them, as if they were proposing something
criminal.
Mr. RITCHIE. I am do'wn on the bill—not
on those who advocate it.'
Mr. MASON. I have but live minutes, and
cannot yield to the gentleman. I did not inter-
rupt hiii*. Gentlemen not only scold those of us
who advocate the claims of the men who gave
their services to their country in its hour of need,
and have now grown old, but they undertake to
scold even sovereign States which Save instructed
their Representatives to support this measure.
If they have any arguments to urge against the
bill, we shall be willing to listen to them; but it
must be recollected that my own State and other
sovereign States have instructed us here to vote
for and sustain this measure.
Sir, we come not here as beggars for a set of
paupers. We comc here to ask for justice—to
ask for the payment of a de*bt that was promised
to these men at the time of their services. Did
you ever hear an orator inducing his fellow-citi-
zens to become volunteers who did not hold out
to them the inducement that they will be regarded
and Ijpnored by their country, and, in their old
age, provided for, if need be, by a pension ? Who
will say that eight dollars a month pays a man for
enduiing the perils and privations of the camp
and the field, or for exposing his health in the
cold snows of Canada or in the tropical climates
of the south? And if it does l^ot pay him, you
owe these men a debt, and it is that debt which
we now ask you to pay. You know he was not
paid. No man will consider eight dollars per
month as a compensation for the privations of
the camp and the perils of the battle-field. If you
have not paid him, then you owe him now.
What else, if you refuse to pension those who
have served the country faithfully, have you to
offer as encouragement to youug men to volun-
teer in the service of the country ? It is, as my
friend from Tennessee says, a measure of econ-
omy. Umess you hold out some inducement for
the young men of the country to volunteer, you
will have to maintain a standing army of fifty or
a hundred thousand men. You have an army
now of millions, ready to spring up, at a mo-
ment's call, in defense of their country; but make
the soldiers who now come here for justice mere
mendicants and beggars only,and what will be the
effect? It will come soon to the point when the
soldier will be regarded as unfit for civil life or
for anything else, except the Army.
As my friend from Tennessee has remarked, in
the rural districts in my section of the country
men of reputation and standing have enlisted in
the rank and file; but go to a section of the coun-
try where the soldiers are pointed at as degraded,
and instead of getting the best men to enlist in
the rank and file, it will be filled with rowdies,
wharf-rats, thieves, and vagabonds, who will do
no duty in camp, and run m battle. Get the yeo-
manry of the country to enlist in the service, and
}ou will always have a plenty of men ready at
tin1 slightest notice, and who will, after a few days'
drilling, fight as well as regulars.
[Here thra hammer foil.]
Mr. RITCHIE, by general consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Imovetoamend
so as to make the term of service ten days instead
of three months; and upon that amendment I wish
to make a few remarks.
I confess, Mr. Chairman, that my colleague,
[Mr. Savage.] and my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr, Mason,] who have addressed the committee,
have said ihc most of what I desired to say upon
this subject. But I wish to say that I prefer a
pension list to a standing army ; I am willing and
desirous to take care of the old men who, m the
first and second wars of independence, stopped
bullets at eight dollars per month*, and this is the
reason that calls me to my feet.
