1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1209
on its merits. I believe the Senator from Vir-
ginia, in his judgment of the wants of the coun-
try, must say, if He were compelled to speak, that
this is but a just and fair proposition; that it will
be beneficial' to the whole country in its opera-
tion. Then why not make it here upon this bill ?
The objection to the manner might just as well
be made to the thing itself;and it is no good rea-
son for rejecting a proposition, sound, right, just,
and proper in itself, because it does not come in
a separate bill. It is in order to be moved here.
The Senate can vote upon it and pronounce its
opinion. I have offered it upon this bill because
I have not supposed that a separate single bill for
this object could be brought to the action of the
Senate and House of Representatives so as to
command a vote to decide it. We all know the
difficulty of getting up such a question at this
stage of the session with various important prop-
ositions that are pending before Congress, and
the scuffle between members as to the priority of
business. I have offered this proposition, and the
Senate can give its opinion on it just as well as if
it were presented in a separate bill. '
Mr. SEWARD. I cannot conceive, Mr. Pres-
ident, that there is any legitimate objection to the
adoption of this amendment. The bill proposes
to pay the expense of the coinage, at New York, of
bullion coming into the United States at thatport,
for purposes of domestic and foreign commerce,
and for the uses of revenue. The amendment is,
that, at the assay office in New York city, they
may be authorized to coin bullion received in ex-
cess of what is required to be transported in the
shape of bullion, a.id which must be received at
a time when exchange requires coin in preference
to bullion. In such cases, avast amount of gold
is necessarily carried at the expense of the Gov-
ernment from the city of New York to the city
of Philadelphia, and is there coined, and carried
back again to the city of New York. That in-
volves a risk, to the Government, of some portions
of the bullion and com thus conveyed backwards
and forwards; and, besides, it involves a direct
expense to the Government of $20,000 a year.
This amendment simply proposes, legitimately
within the action of the assay office atNew York,
to save that $20,000, and avoid that risk.
It is, then, a proposition, in effect, to retrench
the expenses of the Government §20,000 a year.
What answer is there to such a proposition?
Nothing, but that it will be inconvenient to the
officers who are engaged in the Mint of the Uni-
ted States at Philadelphia. Itisno inconvenience
to the public, but an advantage. It may be said
that it would be better and more convenient to
have a certain number of officers at Philadelphia;
but those officers are not wanted at Philadelphia,
if they are wanted at all; they are wanted in
the assay office in the city of New York, and it
would be a simple proposition to transfer them
from Philadelphia to New York. But in point of
fact, they are not wanted in either place; and this
$20,000 goes to support, in the city of Philadel-
phia, officers who are practically useless to the
United States.
I hear no objection raised against the principle
of the amendment. The only one is that which
arises from a question of form; namely, that we
propose to incorporate this provision into an ap-
propriation bill; but the provision is of the same
character with the other directions which are
given in this- bill, in regard to the expenses of
coinage. 11 is exactly like that which has already
been incorporated into the bill in regard to the
mint at San Francisco, and is in itself pertinent
and proper. Everything is proper here which re-
duces the expenses of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and at this time particularly desirable.
I am very glad to see that the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, on the other side of the Cham-
ber, [Mr. Bit.if.r,] is now in his seat, for it was
with some embarrassment that I rose to second
my colleague when both the Senators from Penn-
sylvania were absent. I intended to speak long
enough to give them an opportunity to come in,
if possible.
Mr. ICING. I will say to my colleague that
I called the attention of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to this subject, showed him the proposi-
tion which 1 intended to oiler; and, as he is-ill the
Senate, he can speak for himself. There was no
design to get a vote without the presence of Sen-
ators. Before I offered the amendment 1 showed
it to the Senator from Pennsylvania, and stated
to him my intention to submit it.
Mr. BIGLER. I am sorry that I happened to
bo out when the Senator from New York offered
the amendment. Although I had some knowl-
edge of it, having seen it in the Senator's hands,
I had not understood its full import, and I do not
know that I do now. I suggest to the Senator
from New York that he allow the amendment to
pass over until the bill comes up in the Senate, in
order that I may have an opportunity, in the
mean time, of reading it.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
Mr. KING. I think we had better take the
vote on it now. I would prefer to have a vote on
it at once; though, if my colleague thinks'it better
to let it go over, I shall not object. The propo-
sition is simply to allow the assay office in New
York to stamp ingots withoutadditional expense
to the Government.
Mr. BIGLER. I think I understand it.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
Mr. BIGLER. I think I understand it; and it
will necessarily withdraw a large proportion of
the business of the Mint at Philadelphia. That
is the inevitable effect.
Mr. SEWARD. We want to hear why that
should not be done, if it is advantageous to the
public.
Mr. BIGLER. I want the amendment to go
over until the bill shall be reported to the Senate.
Mr. KING. I desire that the proposition shall
not be stated in that way. It does not propose
to take any of the business from the Mint at Phil-
adelphia. It simply proposes to stamp the coin
deposited at New York, at the place where it is
deposited.
Mr. BIGLER. That is, of course, just doing
the business that is done at Philadelphia. I do
not say that it would increase the expense; but as
the Senator from New York very kindly consents
to let this amendment he over 
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
indulge me in an explanation for a moment? This
amendment was offered by my colleague. I am
not authorized to dispose of it, and he declines to
accede to the proposition I made.
Mr. BIGLER. I have not read the amend-
ment.
Mr. KING. I think to put it over would preju-
dice the amendment. It seems to me there can
be no objection to it; it ought to be adopted, and
I fear that delay will hazard its success, because
I do not know that we shall be able to get it in
again. I prefer now to have it adopted in Com-
mittee of the Whole, when it is offered. If it is
not offered until the bill is reported to the Senate,
we can have but one question on it. I do not see
any motive for delay. If 1 had not, at an anterior
period, notified the Senator from Pennsylvania of
my intention to offer it, I should not press it now.
We conversed about it, and there was a question
of order which I discussed with him. I did not
say that the Senator from Pennsylvania gave his
assent to the amendment. I only said that I
showed it to him.
Mr. BIGLER. I must dissent entirely from
the statement of the Senator from New York. I
happened to be at his desk by mere accident,
speaking to him of an amendment which would
be offered by the Senator from Delaware. He
spoke of an amendment which he designed to of-
fer, and I suggested to him that, as I understood
the rules, it would be necessary for him to have
the assent of a committee. He showed me the
amendment in his hand; but 1 did not read it,
nor did I understand its full import. I suggested
to him that, in my opinion, it would be necessary
for him to get the consent of a committee before
he offered it; but I did not look into its effect,
nor understand its import; and I did not under-
stand myself as being consulted in reference to it
at all. If the Senator had said, " Here is a sub-
ject that may get up some differences of opinion
between the representatives from Pennsylvania
and New York," I should have looked into it;
but I did not so understand it, and I cannot agree
that I was I consulted at all on the subject; for it
was the merest accident that I saw the amend-
ment in the hands of the Senator. I only ask
now that he will let it lie over until I can exam-
ine it, or if not, I will certainly claim the right to
have it read.
Mr. SEWARD and Mr. KING. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. And have it further discussed.
Mr. SEWARD. Let it be read.
Mr. KING. There is no reason for a misun-
derstanding. I did not claim that the Senator
from Pennsylvania had assented to it. It was he
that suggested to me that there was a probability
■ that the amendment was not in order, and that it
might require the assent of a committee. "I dis-
sented, and thought not. The chairman of the
Committee on Finance, however, raised the point
of order. I only allude to this fact to show that
there has been no intention on my part, in offer-
ing this amendment, to take anybody by surprise;
but to obtain simply a fair judgment of the Sen-
ate upon the proposition, on its merits. I alluded
to the fact that I had showed it to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, in reply to a suggestion of
my colleague that he had spoken upon the subject
in the absence of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
to show that there had been no intention to have
this proposition acted upon without the full know-
ledge of all the parties interested in it, I did not
claim, at any time, that the Senator from Penn-
sylvania had assented to or approved of this
proposition. On the contrary, on my suggesting
it to him, he exhibited a disposition against it. I
so understood him.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not suppose that the Sen-
ator from New York intended to take advantage
of the absence of the Senators from Pennsylvania.
The point I make is, that I was not consulted as
to this amendment. I saw it in the hands of the
Senator, under the circumstances which I have
described. If he had consulted me, and called
my attention to its character and its probable
effect and the discussion to which it was likely to
lead, I should feel myselfrequired to give way at
once, and allow the vote to be taken. If the Sen-
ator, in the course of the discussion, has left the
impression on the Senate that I so understood the
amendment, and had been consulted, of course I
■must dissent entirely from his position. 1 was
not consulted as to its effects; but I rather volun-
teered an opinion as to the question of order,
without knowing exactly what the amendment
was; for I was talking to him in reference to an-
other question.
Now, Mr. President, if the Senator from New
York will not allow this amendment to go over
until my colleague, who, I suppose, is somewhere
about the building, and myself, can read and ex-
amine it, I shall have to call for its reading, and
insist upon its rejection, by the best reasoning I
can employ at the time.
Mr. KING. I ask that the amendment may-
be read, so that there may be a full opportunity
to understand it.
The Secretary read the amendment
Mr. BENJAMIN. I went to the desk and
looked at this amendment a moment ago, and I
do not exactly understand it. There is some-
thing about it that I should like to have explained
by the mover, or the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance. The amendment seems
to take it for granted that there is a surplus some-
where sufficient to build and establish a mint.
Where does that suiplus come from?
Mr. HUNTER. I am not aware of it. I raised
the same objection. I do not know where it is.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not understand it.
What is the fund out of which the mint is to be
built in New York, under this amendment?
Mr. KING. They have funds on hand for
their contingent expenses, as I understand, which
makes it unnecessary to appropriate now for that
purpose. They obtain them, I suppose, from a
former appropriation. Here, however, there is
no proposition, to build a mint. The proposition
here is, that, in a building, in an office already
constructed and all its expenses provided for, they
shall have authority, out of this surplus, to buy
certain machinery for stamping the metal as coin,
instead of as ingots. There is none of the extraor-
dinary expense which the Senator from Louisi-
ana seems to suppose. If they have no funds,
they can do nothing. I understand that they have
been saved there, and there has been no necessity
to use them; and in the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, giving his estimates for the pres-
ent year, he states that there is no necessity for
any appropriation for the contingent expenses of
the assay office, because they had enough on
hand.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot vote for anything
