1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
without understanding it, and the chairman of the
Committee on Finance does not seem to know
where there is any fund; and really the Senator
from New York does not seem to know himself.
We have no indication of what it is going to cost.
If there is a surplus of a contingent fund in the
assay office in New York, it ought to be returned
info the Treasury, if not required for the assay
office. Then, are we ready to make a direct ap-
propriation for coining purposes there ? I do not
indicate at all any opposition to a mint in New
Yotk; I have not thought of the subject; but I
think we should know what we are voting upon.
I really do not understand it.
Mr. HALE. It is not my fortune, sir, to live
either in New York or Philadelphia, and therefore
I have no right to complain that I was not con-
sulted before this amendment was offered; and I
think it is a little curious that the merits of the
amendmentshould turn upon thequestion whether
business is to be diverted from Philadelphia or
prevented from going there. It seemed to be con-
ceded, on the statement of the honorable Senator
from New York, that this measure would involve
no additional appropriation, and would be a great
accommodation to the mercantile and business
community; and thereupon the objection started
was that it would divert from Philadelphia a part of
the coinage which is now carried on there. Well,
sir, suppose that to be so: what particular inter-
est have the people of the United States in having
their coinage done at Philadelphia instead of New
York, provided it can be done just as cheaply at
New York, and without involving any additional
expense? I know that sometimes, when you man-
ufacture a certain article, m a certain locality, the
community come to think you cannot manufac-
ture that soit of article anywhere else. I recollect
a. little stream somewhere in the county of Essex,
m Massachusetts, where, some fifty years ago,
they used to manufacture a sort of little boat,
called chebacco boat. There was lumber enough
there to build them; but, in process of time, the
lumber was all cut away, and there is not a stick
out of winch you can manufacture any chebacco
boat there; but they go down into Maine, a hun-
dred or two hundred miles off, cut timber, and
bring it to that stream in Essex county, because
the people have the impression that that is the
only place where these boats can be manufac-
tured. That seems to be the impression in regard
to the city of Philadelphia: that it is the only place
where coin <\-ui be manufactuied and stamped.
Now, inasmuch as the city of New York docs
not ask any money, but simply from their pru-
dent arrangement which they have had hereto-
fore, have saved up a nice little sum, they ask the
privilege of expending their savings, not in in-1
crossing their salaries, (and it is a little wonder-
ful that it has not come in that shape,) but. simply
for the accommodation of the people in general, I
am in favoi of the amendment; and 1 should be
in favor of it even if it involved an expense equal
to thai wheJi it costs to take bullion from New
York and tmnspoit it over the Hudson and over
the Delaware into Philadelphia and back to New
York, at an expense of one dollar in every thou-
sand 1 do not know what necessity there is for
the United States to carry their bullion from New
York to Philadelphia and back atcain, unless it be
on the impression that Philadelphia is the only
plaee on the earth where tins coinage ran be car-
ried on. I do not believe it. My own opinion is,
that it would be a judicious, economical, and wise
arrangement, to tiansfer the Alint fiom Philadel-
phia to New York; but, perhaps, 1 am going fur-
ther than my friends would have me; they may
fear that I am injuring tins measure by advocat-
ing so much. I think, however, that the money
should he coined where the gold is brought; and
we all know, that of the gold which comes from
California and from all other parts of the earth to
this country, more than ninety per cent, of it
comes into the city of New York. If it is neces-
sary to have it earned by express companies one
hundred miles before it is coined, 1 am willing to
pay the expense*, but if it be not necessary, and
it can be done just as well at the place where it
comes to and has to go from, New York, I do
not see, for my life, the propriety or the economy
of paying one dollar in-every thousand, to have
it sent by somebody's company from New York
to Philadelphia, and then from Philadelphia back
again to New York.
In making these remarks, let me be understood
as having not the slightest hostility in the wjorld
to Philadelphia. I admire the city; it is a very
beautiful city, well laid out, spacious in all its
arrangements; improving in every point, politi-
cally, as well as otherwise. I have no sort of hos-
tility to it; but I think that when the bullion comes
to New York, it is wise and statesrrianlike and
prudent and economical, to allow it to be stamped
there, instead of subjecting it to the expense of
going one hundred miles, and back one hundred
miles, which we may as well avoid.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President 
ThePRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverson.)
Will Senators allow the Chair to make a correc-
tion of a decision which has been made? When
the point of order was raised by the Senator from
Virginia, the Chair took it for granted that ap-
propriations were made in this bill for contingent
expenses of the assay office at New York, and
that this amendment was only intended to make
a direction or application of the surplus of that
fund that might arise 
Mr. KING. Before the Chair makes the de-
cision which I perceive he is inclined to make, I
wish to state 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I am about to
correct the former decision; but I will hear the
Senator from New York.
Mr. KING. They have an appropriation for
contingent expenses in the assay office at New
York, which is provided by law, and that fund is
now on hand; so thatnoappropriation is required
in this bill. The fund results from the small per-
centage for the refining of the metal. This con-
tingent fund exists; and it is one which they have
from their own prudence and saving in the man-
agement of the assay office, instead of calling upon
the Treasury for a direct appropriation for it.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will find, from
line six hundred and twenty-nine to six hundred
and thirty one of the bill, the appropriations for
the assay office, and there is nothing there about
contingent expenses. The items are:
a For «alm ies of officers and clerkb, $24,700; for wages
of workmen, $22,000."
Mr. KING. There is not, in this bill, any ap-
propriation for a contingent fund, and it is very
creditable to the assay office in New York that
there is none. They have, out of the percentages
allowed by law for the refinement, saved this sum.
It is ample for their purposes, and they thus re-
quire no special annual appropriation for the con-
tingent fund, and yet they have there a contin-
gent fund.
Mr. PJGLER. The decision of the Chair is
evidently correct.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
not yet decided the point. [Laughter.] Senators
interposed and prevented the Chair from deciding.
If Senators will be a little more patient, the Chair
will decide.
Mr. BIGLER. I will await the decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cided, at first, that the point of order was not well
taken, under the impression that an appropria-
tion for the contingent expenses alluded to, and
the application of which were directed by the
amendment, was contained in the bill. It now
appears, on discussion, that there is no such pro-
posal in the bill, and that the surplus of any ap-
propriation for contingent expenses is what has
heretofore accumulated in the assay office at New
Yoik, which the Chair thinks belongs to the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly.
The. PRESIDING OFFICER. And, there-
fore, it would be an additional appropriation,
which must come from a standing committee,
and cannot be offered by an individual Senator.
The Chair sustains the point of order.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 was about presenting that
view. Whether there be a smpius fund in the
assay office at New York or npt, it is clear there
is not one dollar there for this purpose  
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a point of order.
There is nothing pending, and I wish to offer an
amendment.
Mi. KING. I do not know that there will be
any use in taking an appeal from the decision of
the Chair. I think the first decision was correct,
and the last decision wrong; but I will not now
take an appeal. I will consult and see if I can
ofl'or this amendment in some other farm, so as to
I want a vote of the
It can be of-
get a vote of the Senate.
Senate upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.
fered again in the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I was called out of the Sen-
ate by a fair lady from my State—and I believe
any gentleman here would be glad to obey such
a call; and I understand that in my absence 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator that there is no amendment
pending.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to get some inform-
ation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New York was ruled
out of order.
Mr. CAMERON. I was called into the Senate
by information that something had been offered
which affected the Mint at Philadelphia. If there
is any question which involves the interests of
Pennsylvania, I should be very glad to be on
hand.
Mr. BIGLER. It has been ruled out of order.
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on Territories
have instructed me to offer the following amend-
ment, to come in between lines six hundred and
ninety-two and six hundred and ninety-three,
under the head of the Territory of Kansas:"
For deficiencies in the contingent expenses of Kansas,
being the amount incurred duung the adnmu*tiation of
Governor J. VV. Denver on that account, $0;Q7o 22.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a very just claim;
and if it is not a private claim, it ought certainly
to pass.
Mr. GREEN. It is not a private claim; it is
an expenditure incurred by the Executive of the
Territory. If necessary, I ask that a communi-
cation from the Treasury Department be read.
[(tOh, no!"]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. The same committee instruct
me to offerafurther amendment, in lines sixhun-
dred and ninety-one and sixhundred and ninety-
two, to strike out ** 1,500," and insert " 6,500;"
so as to increase the appropriation for contingent
expenses of Kansas Territory to $6,500. This
is on the recommendation of the Secretary of
State.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I have another amendment,
which I offer as an individual Senator. It is to
come in as an additional section:
And be it fuither enacted, That the provision1? of the fifth
section of the '• act making appiopi lations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government lor the year 1841,"
npptoved the 3d day of March, 18-11, and the eighth section
of the act entitled "An act making appropriations for certain
civil expenses of the Government toi the year ending the
3(Hh of June, 1808," approved the 3d day of March, 1857,
are hereby constiued unddeelaied to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to allow and pay to surveyors of ports per-
forming or having performed the duties of collectois ot cus-
toms bince the passage of the law last above recited, the
same compensation, and no othei, as is allowed to collect-
ors for like services.
Mr. HUNTER. I must raise a question of
order. That, I believe, relates to the past claims
of public officers. I should like to hear it read
again.
The amendment was read.
Mr. GREEN. I beg leave to make a little ex-
planation of the amendment; and it will be very
brief. The object is to place the surveyor of a
port, who performs the duties of collector, and
gives bond, and undergoes the responsibility of a
collector, on the same basis of compensation as a
collector by name eo nomine. At the last session of
Congress I moved this amendment. I put it into
this shape at the instance of the Senator from Ver-
mont, who united with me in supporting it; and
it was passed. It was numbered sixty-three—
this identical amendment, word for word, letter
for letter. It went to the House of Representa-
tives ; and the House, at first, disagreed to it. There
was a committee of conference; and the confer-
ence committee agreed to this amendment num-
bered sixty-three, as the Senate wilt see by re-
ferring to the Senate Journal. The report of the
conference committee was confirmed by the House
and Senate. Thus this identical proposition was
approved by Congress at the last session; but the
enrolling clerk, by ignorance, mistake, or from
some other cause, permitted it to drop out. It
was then an amendment to a bill similar in char-
acter to the present one; it passed both bodies of
