THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifih Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1858.
New Series....No-9.
one thousand five hundred warriors. With this
force, without fighting any battle, by the 1st Au- :
gust, hostilities were suppressed, peace secured, :
and shortly afterwards the Indians were emi- j
grated to their home west of the Mississippi. j
It is for the loss and damage suffered by the {
citizenson both sides of the Chattahoocheeduruig '
this peiiod that this claim is now presented. S
The character of these losses may be ^ath^red j
from the following extracts m the letter of Gen-
eral Jesup. He says: "J passed on the 5th June :
from Columbus to Tuskegen, distance forty-two
miles. The plantations on xiearly me whole route
had been destroyed; many of the buildings were
burning as I passed, and at onf or two places the
Indians were seen carrying off corn. There were,
as I learned, large supplies of corn, bacon, and
fodder, and numerous herds of cattle and hogs,
belon^injr to the inhabitants who had fled, winch,
in consequence of the delay in the moveroentsof
the troops, fell into the hand^s of the Indians.5'
Again : "One object of my movement was to
secure for the troops a quantity of corn and other
supplies reported to have been left at the plan-
tations on the road to Port Mitchell: but I was
too late; the enemy had destroyed the fodder,
carried off the corn, and duven off the cattle and
hogs. I raised a brigade of Indian warriors; part
of them joined me on the 14th and pert oil the
17th June. From the time they marrhed until
they returned to the neighborhood of Tuskegee,
(about the 1st of July,) they derived, perhaps,
half their subsistence from the cattlo and corn
taken in the country.
General Jesup then adds, il that Colonel Slo-
gan's, Major Collins?'s, and Major Torrence's
statements are substantially correct, and General
"Woodward's is correct, with the exception ofhis
remarks in regard to myself." And concludes
with the remark: "Whether the property lost
can be paid for or not by the public, I have no
hesitation in declaring that much of it might have
been saved by a prompt and determined move-
ment of the troops eaily in June."
Colonel Ilogan states in his letter of September
18, 1837: " Of the cattle that were killed for the
subsistence of the Indian forces undf-r my com-
mand, no marks or numbers were taken, indeed,
such a eouise was impracticable. 1 was ordered
by General Jesup to bubtist the force in the best
manner I could, and I had forage parties out every
day hunting up com and fodder and beef. As
soon as the Indians would dme up a gang of
cows, calves, or oxen, before I was aware of their
being m any part of my camp, which was very
extensive, having from thu teen hundied to fifteen
hundred Indians scattered all over the hdls about
the Big Springs, those Indians who weiemostm
want of provisions would commence shooting
them down. In this way an immense number of
cattle were destroyed, and a gr>at many mere than
wete. required /(!)' the actual subsistence of the whole
army. To prevent a general destruction of cattle
was utterly impossible, and equally so to obtain
a list of marks and brands. "
General Woodward says: Cattle were killed
and made use ot both by whites and Indians,
though itis true that many more w^ielvilled than
were ically neccssaiy f .r the use of the troops.
This was done by order of General Jesup. There
was much other property taken that belonged to
the whites, such as mnTes, horses, corn, fodder,
and many things too tedious to mention. As to
household furmture.it appeared not to be an ob-
ject with t be friendly or hostile Indians, for it was
scatieicd over the woods in every direction, some-
times burned,and at others torn up ana broken
to pieces." ,
Major Collins testifies that lie seiveu vith the
regime nt of friendly Inumus under Jim Buy in mi
the time, they took up arms until they weie un-
charged from the service ot the United S'afos.
That they " had no iatio s supplied by tne Gov-
ernment until a surrender was made; that they
dicw a little piovusion which was gi\en them to
gut u out of the wagons to enable theni to move
quicker, as they intended moving to Fort Mitch-
9
ell, where stores were supplied for the subsistence
of the army. AH former supplies we had were
such as were left by the unfortunate settlers; of
this the Indians felt authorized to use, and did so
■freely wherever they could find ally. The In-
dians said they were to have all the property they
could find, according to the proposition made to
them by the commander-in-chief, General Jesup,
and was acceded to by him, it being their mode
of warfare. They accordingly continued to kill
a great many catiie, more thaVi was actually ne-
cessary for the subsistence of the whole army,
which they said they killed to starve the hostiles.
The proviso torfhe act of 3d March, 1837, " that
nothing hereinbefore containe'd shall be so con-
strued as to subject the United States to pay for
depredations not provided for by the act of 9th
[ April, 1610. and the acts amendatory thereto, nor
by acts regulating the intercourse between the In-
dian tribes and the United States," must be con-
strued as containing the implication that if the
depredations were such as were provided for by
those acts, then the United States would pay for
them. The proviso oneratesas an exception, lim-
iting the extent to which Congress was willing to
admit their liability.
What, then, was the meaning of Congress in
referring their liability to these several acts ? Did
they intend to limit their liability to cases which
fell within their letter, or did they intend to include
depredations which would be included within
their spirit and equity? It is very clear to your
committee that the latter could alone have been
intended; for they cannot presume that Congress
was ignorant of the fact, that by no possioility
could these claims have been included by the ex-
press terms of those acts.
First, the act of 9th April, 1816, and the acts
amendatory thereto, relate solely to losses during
the late war with Great Britain, and by us very
terms excluded all other cases.
Second, as to acts regulating intercourse be-
tween the Indian tribes and the United States, it
is to be observed that the only act in force in 1837
was the act of 183-1, which repealed the prior acts
for that purpose. The first section of the latter
act declares " that all thatpart of the United States
west of the Mississippi, and not Within the States
of Missouri and Louisiana, or the Teintory of
Arkansas; and also that part of the United States
east of the Mississippi, and not within any State,
to which the Indian title has not been extin-
guished for the purposes of this act, be taken and
deemed to be the ' Indian country.' "
The seventeenth section, then, pi ovides " that if
iinv Indians belonging to a tribe in amity with the
United States, shall, within the 1 Indian country,'
on parsing from the 'Indian country' into any
State or Territory inhabited by citizens of the
United States, take and destroy their property,
the owners of said property shall make claim to
the superintendent cr Indian agent, who, upon
due proof of the loss, shall, under the direction of
the President, apply to the tribe for satisfaction;
and if such satisfaction be not made within twelve
months, the same shall be reported to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, that such steps may
bo takvin as shall be proper to obtain satisfaction;
. and in the mean time, in respect to the property
so taken, stolen, or destroyed, the United fettues
guaianty to the party so injured an eventual in-
^ demnification."
• This recital of the provisions of the act shows
that its terms necessar.iy exclude the present
claims. This must have been well known to Con-
gress; and therefore, m refening to it, they could
only have intended to appeal to the spirit of the
enactment, and the principles on which it is based.
| It is believed that thu losses in this esse, which
consist either of property used by t!)e United
States forces, or property destroyed by the hostile
portion of the Indian tribes, are clearly within the
spirit of the acts of 1816 and 1834, and that the
act of 1S37 was a pledge to the petitioners that
such losses should 'be paid over when they should
make proper proof of the same before the corn-
i aussionevs appointed for that purpose.
The reading of the bill by sections,for amend-
ment, was then commenced.
M$. SHORTER. The facts of the case are
fully set forth in the report of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. It is not possible for me to dis-
cuss, ill the short period allowed me, all the points
involved in this claim; and I shall therefore con-
fine myself, in the remarks I shall make, to the
main points upon which the_ parties interested in
this case depend.
The facts of the case are briefly these—and I
would like to gain the ear of the House in -these
opening remarks, that it may act understand-
ing^ when it comes to the final disposition of
this case: it appears, by the evidence, that, in
the year 1825, a treaty was made by the Govern-
ment of the United States with the Creek tribe of
Indians, whereby they ceded to the United States
all of their lands east of the Chattahoochee river.
The Creek Indians were then removed west of
that river, in the State of Alabama. It was the
policy of the Governmental that time to persuade
these Creek Indians to remove west of the Mis-
sissippi. But those Indians, like the Seminoles in
Florida, were averse to leaving their old homes
and hunting grounds, and removing to the waters
of the Arkansas.
In 1832, the Government, still insisting on the
removal of these Indians, made another treaty
with them while they weri?residing withm the
limits of Alabama. By this treaty the Creeks
ceded to the Governmental! their lands east of the
Mississippi, saving and excepting reservations
made to certain chiefs and heads of families, of
three hundred and twenty acres each. By the
terms of the treaty, each Indian had the right
guarantied to him to sell his own reservation.
'What was the object of the Government in giving
these reservations in fee simple to the Indians?
It was eventually to secure their removal to the
waters of the Arkansas. The Government antici-
pated that when they had disposed of all their
lands, they would be compelled, from necessity,
to remove west of the Mississippi river.
in order to carry out this policy, in 1834, the
Government had the public lands thus obtained
by the treaty of 1832, surveyed and offered at
public sale. Citizens of the United States, from
Georgia, from South Carolina, and from Florida,
[ emigrated into this new country, under the invi-
i tation of the Government, for the purpose of pur-
I chasing these lands.
| For the first time, then, in the history of the
i Government, we find thew7lnte man and the Indian
living together on the same soil, side by side,
j Mr. G1DDINGS. I understand the gentleman
i to say that, this is the first time in the history of
! the Government that the Indian and the white
! man have resided together upon the same soil.
| I have resided by the side of Indians, year after
| year, and I have seen them burning the build-
i ings around me.
i Mr. SHORTER. That may all be true; but I
' say that it was in accordance with the settled
policy of the Government to invite within this In-
„ dian territory settlers from other States, in order
, to carry out its purpose of compelling the Indians
to remove to the west. Under this invitation the
whites went in, purchased, and settled upon those
, lands. Finding the Indians were theirneighbors,
owning three hundred and twenty acres of land
each, with the right to sell, as a matter of course
i they purchased from the Indians their reserva-
! tions.
j What was the consequence to the Indians.
, After selling their land, they spent their money,
' and, as the report truly states, were soon reduced
to a state of vagrancy and starvation. In 1836,
r a portion of that tribe, after they had squandered
'' the proceeds of the land which they had sold to
; the whites, rather than starve, commenced piun-
' dering and pillaging the community for subsist-
ence. There was, at that time, a small United
States fort within that territory called Fort Mitch-
' ell. The whites anticipating an outbreak on the
! part of a portion of the Creek Indians, petitioned
I the Government, through the Legislatures of Geor-
