1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
Congress; and ought to have been, and would be,
the law of the hind now, but for the fault of a
subaltern officer in the employment of Congress.
X have again presented it; and hope the same judg-
ment which the Senate pronounced before will be
pronounced again, and that it will become the law
of the land.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask the honorable
Senator from Missouri whether this involves any
additional expense to the Government, and how
much ? -
' Mr. GREEN. There are about fiveports where
the surveyors will get more compensation as col-
lectors than they now get as surveyors, and the
amount will not be large; but it is just, whether
it be large or small, and it is in accordance with
the law of 1841. The law of 1841, in my opin-
ion, entitles them to it, and the judge of the dis-
trict court of the United States, at Mobile, so de-
cided it, and the United States have brought it
up on appeal to the Supreme Court, and it is now
pending, and I expected to attend to it this term
if it could have been reached. I have no doubt
about the law of 1841. That law, I think, gives
to surveyors of ports performing" the duties of
collectors, and giving bond as collectors, and re-
ceiving money as collectors, and incurring the
responsibilities of collectors, the same compensa-
tion as collectors; yet the Secretary of the Treas-
ury construed ltotherwise, and he confined them
to a different compensation. There arc only now
about five ports, Mobile, St. Louis, and three
more, where the compensation as collector would
be more than that as surveyor.
Such being the construction of the Treasury
Department, on the 3d of March, 1857, Congress
adopted the following section—not the Senate
merely, but Congress, with the approval of the
President of the United States—which is, this
day, the law of the land:
" Sec. 8. And beitjurtkar cnacted,,That the provisions of
the fittb section of the act entitled 4 An act making appiopri-
dtion for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year 1^41,' approved the 3d day of March, 1 b41.
which established and limited the compensation ot collect-
or* of customs, shad he eonstiued to apply to surveyors
performing, or having performed, the duties of collectors of
customs, who shall be entitled to the same compensation
as is allowed to collectors, for like services, m the settle-
ment of their accounts.
This is, to-day, the law of the land; and yet the
present Secretary ot the Treasury refuses to carry
it out. At the last session of Congress, I moved
the amendment to make it coeicive, and the Sen-
ate sustained me; the House of Representatives
sustained me; but the neglect of a clerk permit-
ted it to fall. Is not this a section explicit enough?
If it be not, as I wish no quarrel with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, let a legislative explan-
atory act be passed. Suppose it does take five
or ten thousand dollars out of the Treasury, if it
be due under the act of March 3, 1857, let it be
paid. It is but carrying out the law of 1857; and
again, the amendment which I now propose, being
woid for word the one adopted at the last session,
does not go back behind the law of 1857, "which
1 have just read. To this 1 invite attention; and
I ask the Senate to say, whether it be not wise
and proper to do now what Congress did at the
last session, but which was dropped in the way
I have stated ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the honorable Senator
from Missouri will permit me, I should like to
ask one or two questions. We sometimes adopt
these suctions in appropriation bills without con-
sideration, and find afterwards that they involve
hundreds of thousands of dollars. I should like
to know, in the first place, whether there is any
retrospective conduction to be given to this sec-
tion ?
Mr. GREEN. None behind the act of 3d of
March, 1857. Itgoes back to that, butno further.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Another question, if the
honorable Senator will permit me. Has he here
anything from the Secretary of the Treasury
which shows upon what grounds he refuses to
make the allowances which the Senator thinks so
clear ?
Mr. GREEN. I have not here, but have in
my room, his opinion given on this subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. His opinion is that that
section does not give the allowance?
Mr, GREEN. No; his opinion is that it is so
va^ue that ho does not know how to execute it.
Mr. HUNTER. I think my friend from Mis-
souri is mistaken in saying there will not be a'
very large amount of claims under this provision. 1
I think that,on consulting the Secretary last year,
he told me there would be. I am afraid there is
a much larger leak here than the Senator is aware
of.
Mr. GREEN. The Secretary answered that
with reference to applying the construction to the
act of March, 1841, reaching back seventeen years,
i This amendment, however, specially limits it to
the passage of the act of March 3, 1857, from
which date they are legally entitled to it, and will
recover it in court. The collector in Mobile, avail-
ing himself of his right, retained the money, and
the consequence was he had to go outof office and
be sued, and, in that suit, he cast the United States.
With my collector, the case is different. He does
not want to be sued. He is not afraid of the re-
sponsibility of a suit. He is the son of our old
compeer here, Senator Linn; and I am not willing
to see him subjected to a suit in court, under cir-
cumstances so equitable and just as these.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think it is hardly worth
while to legislate on the subject of the compensa-
tion of collectors in this way. The honorable
Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] has a bill now
before the Senate which covers this whole ground,
and I trust that bill will pass, fixing the compen-
sation permanently for all these officers. Why
should we bring into an appropriation bill legis-
lation which will not be needed in case the other
bill shall pass? I trust this amendment will not
prevail. We found a vastamount of apparent cor-
ruption, and avast amount of money plundered
from the Treasury, without any service rendered.
We have cut that off, by the bill reported from
the Committee on Commerce, to the extent of
six, or seven, or eight hundied thousand dollars
a year. I trust that that bill will pass, and that
this amendment will not prevail.
Mr. GREEN. This amendment is merely ex-
planatory, and it is so plain, that I do not think
it can be possibly misunderstood. The general
legislative bearing on the subject will control all
these officers m future, if the bill alluded to should
pass, and I hope it will pass; but the object of this
amendment is to enforce a present law. When it
was proposed, at the last session, it will be re-
collected by Senators that it was at first opposed,
condemned, and rejected; but it was afterwards
modified, and put in its present shape, so as to
extend only from the time the law of 1857 was
passed; and in that form it met with universal
acquiescence. It passed this body, and was at first
rejected by the House of Representatives, as they
generally reject all amendments of the Senate; for
they make it a rule to disagree to as many as pos-
sible, with a view of forcing the Senate to recede
from as many as possible, which I thinkisaveiy
bad rule in legislation;but in the conference they
agreed to the Senate amendment number sixty-
three, as the Journal shows, and the record of the
bill in the House shows that this Senate amend-
ment is number sixty-three. Although it passed,
the negligence of the Clerk permitted it to fall,
and it was not incorporated into the enrolled bill.
Now, sir, I think we ought to rectify these
mistakes of clerks. It is but carrying out a rule
of justice; it is but enforcing a preexisting law,
and these parties ought not to be delayed and
postponed to a later period of time, for the pur-
pose of taking up general legislative bills, when
they have rights at present, and the United States
are seeking to coerce money out of them by suit
or otherwise.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to ask the Senator
from Missouri if the effect of his amendment will
not be this, if it shall pass: The surveyor at the
port of St. Louis, and some other ports, have re-
ceived, I think $3,000, that being the maximum
fixed by the Treasury order for the_ salaries of
surveyors, and they have settled their accounts
on that basis; but if this section shall pass, it will
reopeta their accounts, and give them $G,000. Is
not that the effect of it ?
Mr. GREEN. Not at all. It will reopen their
accounts back to the 3d of March, 1857, and then
pay them their per centum, dependent on the
amount received.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator if it does ,
not amount to $6,000 at St. Louis ? ;
Mr. GREEN. It does not.
Mr. HAMLIN. How near does it come to it?;
Mr. GREEN. Under the decision of Attorney ;
General Cushing1, under the law of 1841, they are
entitled to $5,000. He has decided that point
expressly and explicitly.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, what is the amount?
Mr. GREEN. About $5,800, under the com-
missions and fees as allowed by law, and it only
reaches back to that period of time.
Mr. TOOMBS. It seems to me to be a very
plain case. The Senator says it is in the courts.
Mr. GREEN. Not at all; the Senator mis-
understands me. This case is not in court; but
there is a case from Mobile in court. '
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, that is what I meantto
say. Whether this particular case is in court or
not, this question is. Now, if these persons are
entitled to the money, when the court decides that
they are, it will be time enough for us to appro-
priate it. When these men went into office, the
Department thought they were entitled to $3,000
a year; they thought so, too, and they got their
pay and pocketed it; but it seems, by going back
and giving a construction to the law of 1841, they
claim to be entitled to $5,000 a year. I do not
think we ought to aid them in that business, until
the court decides that we are bound to pay the
money. The proposition is to overrule the de-
cision of the Department in advance of the decis-
ion of the court, to give them $2,000 a year ad-'
ditional back pay.
Mr. GREEN. I will, so far, as my vote is con-
cerned, overrule the Departments whenever they
decide against the law. I ask the Senator from
Georgia, the representative of the Secretary of
the Treasury, whether this section of the law of
1857 does not make it plain now?
'• That the provisions of the fifth section of the act en-
titled 'An act making appropriations lor the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year 1841,'
approved the 3d day of March, 1841; which established
and limited the compensation of collectors of customs, shall
be coiistiued to apply to surveyors peiforming or having
peiformed the duties of eollcctois of The customs, who
shall be entitled to the same compensation as is allowed to
collectois for like service in the settlement of their ac-
counts.,J
Is not that the present law? If a Secretary of
the Treasury, or a President of the United States,
decides wrong, is the Senate to say, ts We will
stop until the court so says, and allow you, in
the mean time, to prejudice the rights of individ-
uals; force them to resign, or force them to be
kicked out of office, and force them to be harassed
with suits." Is it not better at once to do, at the
present session, what we did at the last session—
pass an explanatory law that can injure nobody,
but simply carry out the provisions of the exist-
ing law ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I would ask the Senator how
many persons are interested in this matter?
Mr. GREEN. I have already answered that.
I believe there are about five, ports interested.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then the proposition is to put
five private claims on this bill.
Mr. GREEN. Is this a pi ivate law ? It con-
cerns the rights of a public officer. Is it therefore
a private claim ? If it was, then the Senate at the
last session, made it a pnvate claim, and Con-
gress, m 1857, made it a private claim; and the
30th rule of the Senate is expressly that an amend-
ment even to provide for a private claim is in
order to an appropriation bill, if it be to carry
out an existing law. If I were to propose to add
to this bill an appropriation of $2,000 to W. A.
Linn, for having performed the duty of collector
of customs at the port of St. Louis, his commis-
sion having amounted to that sum under thelaw,
it would be in order; but I do not desire to single
out one man, for there are about five ports inter-
ested. I desire to make it general; I desire to do
justice to all alike, and to ask no favoritism for
my own locality.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to inquire for in-
formation whether this amendment that the Sen-
ator proposes is the matter about which a gentle-
man from St. Louis has been very busy here for
several years—I forget his name, but he has been
here as an agent?
Mr. GREEN. Mr. Linn is the officer that I'
have reference to, and if he has any agent here I
do not know it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there no other person
heie in regard to it?
Mr. GREEN. None that I know of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state the reason
why I ask the question. I voted for this propo-
sition at the last session, not exactly understand-
