130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
gia and Alabama, for protection-, but instead of
sending additional troops, the Government issued
an order to send the troops that were stationed
at Fort Mitchell to Florida.
It was under such circumstances as these that
the depredations were committed. A portion of
the tribe—not the whole tribe, for a large major-
ity of them were opposed to hostilities — com-
menced burning the houses of our people, steal-
ing their property, and the whole country^was
soon depopulated. The people had to fly for their
lives into the interior of Florida and Georgia. To
suppress these hostilities—not on the part of the
Creek tribe, as a tribe; but to suppress and in-
timidate this band of maraudmglndians—the Uni-
ted States sent out General Jesup, with a com-
mand of United Slates soldiers. General Jesup
states in his letter the condition of the country as
he found it. He had not been m the country
three months before he succeeded in suppressing
all these difficulties and restoring peace and quiet
to the community. In order to do this, however,
General Jesup ordered the enlistment of a brig-
ade of friendly Creeks, headed by their principal
chief. They were enlisted; and this brigade of
Indians and the United States troops pioper, for
upwards of three weeks, subsisted upon the prop-
erty of citizens of Alabama. Thn evidence shofrs
conclusively that they subsisted upon property
belonging to our citizens, which they impressed.
Colonel Hogan, one of the commanding officers
there,General Woodward, Major Collins, Chailes
McLemore, and Major Torrence, all testify that
large herds of cattle were seized by the United
States troops, under the order of Gemnal Jesup.
These witnesses were United States officer.-*.
I contend, in the first place, that the Government
ought to pay these claims, because they are bound
to do it under the provision of the Constitution
of the United States, whichprovidea that " private
properly shall not be taken for public use without jw>t
compensationThe question now arises, was the
private property of citizens of Alabama taken at
that time for the public use ? If it was, it is plain
that the claimants are entitled to compensation.
What does General Jackson say, in his message,
in 183G, upon this point, lie stxys he knew the
fact that this property was taken for the subsist-
ence of the United States Army. He says:
On the unexpected bieaking out of hostilities m Flor-
ida, Alabama, and Ueoigia, it became necessuiy, m some
eases, to take the piopoit> of individuals tor public use.
Provision should be made by law foi indenn-it'yuig the
owners, and f would also respectluily sug«<>«t whether Mime
piovision may not be made, consi>teiuly with the piiiuiples
of our Government, tor the relief of the Miflei eis by Inman
depredations or by the operations of our own troop?.'5
Now, let us see to what extent private prop-
erty was taken for the support of your army at
that time. We have here m the report the testi-
mony of the officers in that command, and as that
is a material point,! will read that testimony, and
I do hope the committee will listen to the evi-
dence. It is as follows:
u General Je np then add-., < that Colonel Ilopan's, Ma-
jor (Jolhns's, and Major Ton enee'> ^Mf-mient^ <ue Mib-tini-
tially corrcct, and Geneial Woodwaid's h coi i< ot, with the
exception of his remarks in leg.udto myself.' And con-
cludes with the remark: 'Whether the ptopei ty lost can
be paid for or not by the publie, f have no hesitation m de-
claring that much of it might have been saved by a psonipt
and deteimmed movement ol the troops early in June '
" Colonel Hogan state*in his letterol September 18,181-27:
' Of the cattle that wore killed foi the subrfiHtenee of the
Indian forees under my command, no maikfOi numbers
were taken. Indeed, such a eours-e wn^ imptacticable. I
was ordered by General Jesup to^uimst the force in (he
best maimer T could, and [ had Jo'flSje pai lies out ''very day
hunting up coin and fodder and beef. Ah soon as the In-
dians would dnve up a gang of cows, ealvcs, or oxen, be-
fore J was awaie of tii« ir being m any p.ut of my camp,
which was very exten-ive. having fiom tnnteen hundred to
fifteen hundred Indians scattered ail over the hills about,
the Jiig ripnngs those Indians who wtre mo^t in want of
provision-? would commence shooting thorn down. Jn this
way an immense numbet of cattle wcie destroyed, and a
great mavy more than v,ct e requited for the actual subsist-
ence of the whole army. To prevent <i general distinction
of cattle was utterly impossible; and equally so to obtain a
list of mart^ and brands.'
"General Woodwaid says: 'Cattle were killed and
made use of both by whites and Indians, though it is true
that many more were kiiifd than were really necessary for
the use of the troops. Tins was done by older ot General
Jesup. Theie was much othei property taken that belonged
to the whites, ^ach as mule, horses, corn, fodder, and
manv things too tedious to mention. As to houseiiOid fur-
niture, it appeared not to be an object with the friendly or
hostile Indian*, for it was scattered ovei the woods in every
direction, sometimes burned, and at others torn up and
broken to pieces.'
" Major Collins testifies that he served with the regiment
of frjendly Indians under Jim Boy from the time they took
up arms until they were discharged from the service of the
United States. That they ' had no rations supplied by the
Government until a surrender was made; that they drew a
little provision which was given them to get it out of the
wagons to enable them to move quicker, as they intended
moving to Fort Mitchell, where stores were supplied for the
subsistence of the army. Ail former supplies we had weie
such as were left by the unfortunate settlers; of this the In
dians felt authorized to use,anddid so freely wherever they
could find any. The Indians said they wei e to have all the
property they could find, accouhng to the proposition made
to them by the commander-in-chief, General Jesup, and
was acceded to by him, it being then mode of warfare.
They accordingly continued to kill a great many cattle,
more than was actually necessaiy tor ttie subsistence ol the
whole army, winch they said they killed to staive the hos-
tile-«. They also earned off mules, horses, and other things
of value which originally belonged to the white settlers'.'
ei Charles McLemore testifies £ thathe was in service and
commanded for some time alaige force of friendly Indians,
and that the Indians did take and use everything they could
get hold of; stock of all description, com, todder, bacon,
and aiarge quantity of household furnitme. The Indians
who were friendly considered themselves entitled to all the
plunder they could find,' &e.
"John B. Stt tinge states that he was with Opoth le-yoholo
and Jim Boy in every jexpedmon, and'is able to say ' that
nothing like stock or plunder of any kind escaped them.
True it was they drew some rations; but every bushel of
com and eveiy stack of foddet on any plantation through
which we passed was either carried offby them or destioyed,
to pi event, as they &aid, their falling into the hands of the
ho^tiles. At the same time, a great many cattle were killed ;
in fact, al! that wot e seen; and a numbei ot horses and mules
weie cained off by them, and all belonging to the unfortu-
nate white settlpis, which the Indians considered as their
own property when taken '
"Majoi Ton once testifies: ' In addition to the stock de-
snoved by the hiendlv Indians, they took all the corn they
found, and turned their horses on the green corn and oats.'
Again: ' Wherevot we marched wo saw tinees of mis-
chief—houses anil fences bunied. cattle and hogs shot. At
Neah Micos's and Noah Muthlas's camps we lound hun-
dieds ot dollar* of ptopeitv ol almost every doscnption,
which was wholly lost to the original owneio.' "
I have had the testimony of the officers in com-
mand read in order to establish, beyond all doubt,
the proposition that property of the citizens of
Alabama was taken by the United States for
public use without justcompensation. Itis there-
fore undeniably true that a large amount of money
is due to these people by the Government for pro-
visions taken for the use of the array. What was
the amount of the force employed by the Govern-
ment at that time; and who drew their whole
subsistence by using the property of the people?
General Jesup himself states m his letter, which
is now before me, the number of troops he had
there. lie says that he had seven hundred and
fifty United States troops, and a brigade of Indian
warriors to the number of one thousand five hun-
dred, amounting m all to two thousand two hun-
dred and fifty men. Well, sir, having established
the proposition that the property of private citi-
zens was taken for the public use without com-
pensation, we come now to consider the action of
Congress to ascertain what it did m tesponse to the
message of General Jackson, in 183G, calling- its
attention to these losses, and recommending an
aporopnation to cover their payment. Congress
passed an act appointing commissioners to visit
Alabama and Georgia to ascertain the farts of the
case, and the extent of the losses. Their report
is foundjn Executive Document, volume G, of the
second session of the Twenty-Fifth Congress.
Let us refer to that report one moment. The
commissioners appointed by the Government as-
sembled at Columbus, Georgia, on the immediate
border of the Creek territory. The people, by in-
vitation, came before them. The commissioners
established their own rules of evidence. It was
an ex parte proceeding on the part of the Govern-
ment, represented by the commissioners. Here
is their report,giving the names of each claimant,
the amount of his losses as claimed by himself,
and in anothercolumn, the amount recommended
by these commissioners to be paid by Congress.
Well, sir, on the examination of this report,
the House will perceive that the total amount
claimcd by thecitizens forlosscs, was$1,237,407.
What amount did the commissioners recommend
to be paid ? They cut down the claims, and only
allowed £349,120. Why this great difference be-
tween the amount claimed by the citizens and the
amount recommended to be paid by the United
States cornrmssioneis ? And here,! will say,for
the information of the committee, that the object
of this bill is to provide only for the payment of
the amount recommended by the commissioners.
Mr. LEITER. i wish to call the gentleman's
attention, and that of the committee, to this point:
whether the whole or a part of the sum recom-
mended by the commissioners has not been paid ?
Mr. SHORTER. I am coming to that point
in a moment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the bill only provides for the pay-
ment of the amount recommended in the report?
Mr. SHORTER. That is all. I was going to
show that, by some error in drawing up the bill,
it does not conform with the report of the com-
mittee; but I have prepared a proviso which I
intend to offer, so as to make the bill conform to
the report. Our object is to secure to these citi-
zens of Georgia and Alabama, payment only of
theamounts recommended by the commissioners.
In justice, however, to the citizens of Alabama
and Georgia who preferred this claim, X wish to
explain why it is that, while they claimed
$1,547,000, the commissioners only recommended
payment of §349,000.
The report of the commissioners, if members
would take the trouble to examine it, will explain
this matter. They assert most positively that in
no single instance did they make an allowance
for what they call " consequential damages."
What do they mean by consequential damages?
It was in the spring of the year of IS36, that these
difficulties occurred. The settlers had planted
their crops; their corn, and their cotton, and their
wheat were up and growing. All their crops were
destroyed. But because it was not property in
esse, the commissioners said that the people had
no right to compensation for the loss of their
growing crops, which they could not secure, be-
cause they were compelled to fly from the country
and leave their homes, in no single instance
was a dollar allowed them for the growing crops
which they lost that year. That is what the
commissioners mean by consequential damages-.
Our citizens thoughttbat it wasthe duty of the
Government to have protected them in the peace-
ful enjoyment of the lands which the Govern-
ment itself had sold them; and as the Govern-
ment had failed to do that, they believed they had
a right to demand from the Government—and I
think so too—the payment of full indemnity for
their losses, actual and consequential.
Mr. NICHOLS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ? .
Mr. SHORTER. With a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. NICHOLS. I find in the second section
of this bill these words:
" Th.it the Seoretaiy of War be. arid he is hereby author-
ized, without regard I > existing rule-, oiul reqvii emfint$>''  
Mr. SHORTER. I understand the question
which the gentleman is going to ask me, and I
will answer it right here.
Mr. NICHOLS. I want that language ex-
plained, because I cannot vote for the bill without
explanation.
Mr. SHORTER. I am glad the gentleman has
called my attention to that point, because it re-
lates to the argument I am just now advancing.
The commissioners organized their own court.
Their report shows that they had considerable
difficulty in establishing the rules of evidence by
which they would be governed; but they finally
made their own rules ofevidence. The testimony
was taken down m writing. The claimant him-
self was sworn; his neigiibois were brought in,
and they too were also sworn to |5rove his claim.
All this evidence, taken by the commissioners, is
now on file in the War Department. Many of
the witnesses are dead, and others are gone to
parts unknown; and the object of that provision
m the bill is simply to authorize the Secretary of
Wor to accept the evidence now on file in the
War Department—evidence taken down cx parte
on the part of the United States—m the adjudica-
tion of the claims.
Mr. NICHOLS. One'other question. Does
it exclude the rules of the Departments, and the
•ordinary rules of evidence required to substan-
tiate claims against the Government?
Mr.SFIORTER. No,sir; we donotunderstand
it in that ligh r at all. The object of the bill is si mply
to ask the Secretary of War to act upon the evi-
dence—let it be worth what it may—that is now
on file in the Department. Many of these claim-
ants are now dead. Their widows and orphans,
many of whom were reduced to poverty at that
time, are now anxiously waiting to hear of your
action on this bill. And if you tell them to go
and hunt up the absent witnesses, and to call the
husbands of those widows from the graves to es-
tablish these claims, it will be utterly impossible
