1212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
ing its full import*, but I took it on the statement
which was made. After I returned home,at the
close of the session, my attention was called to
this provision, which it was understood had passed
and become a law. '
Mr. GREEN. It did pass.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My attention was called
to it by its being stated that the effect of it was
understood to be, to my surprise, to give back
pay to a very large number of persons through-
out the United States. It was claimed that that;
had been acted on here, and had been kept en-
tirely in the dark. My reply was, that I did not
understand it so when it was passed, or I should
have opposed it; but the remark was made to me
that it was certainly so, that letters had been re-
ceived on the subject; and it was stated that a
gentleman in my own city would receive a very
considerable amount, for services he had per-
formed several years before, he being then out of
office.
I am suspicious, I confess, of the effect of this
amendment. It is so understood out of doors,
though I do not exactly understand the effect of
it now. My attention was turned to the act of
1341, and to this provision of it which said that
no collector should receive over a given amount.
That is construed in certain places to increase the
pay of the collectors up to that amount, and
where many of them are gone out of office, to
allow them to draw large sums of money. That
was the effect of it, as explained to me.
Mr. flAMLIN. I have an lndistinctrecollcc-
tion of this matter, and my impression is, that
there is a point, which lies behind what has been
stated by the Senator from Missouri. If I am
right in my recollection, the difficulty grew up in
tins way: there were certain designated ports of
the United States at which the salaries of the col-
lectors weie limited to five or six thousand dol-
lars, and at certain other ports they were limited
to $3,000. At the ports where the compensation
was five or six thousand dollars, according to
law, they received their money. At other ports,
where the compensation was limited to $3,000,
they got their money, and their accounts wepi
settled, and everything was adjusted on that basis;
but it was found that if the limitation of $3,000
at certain designated ports weie removed, the
effect would be to give an increased compensation
to those collectois, and it was for the purpose of
getting that increase that the act of 1857 was
passed.
Now, if I understand the opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Tieasury, it is just this: take the place
now m controveisy before the court forinstance,
the collector at Mobile, who claims $6,000. He
is not entitled to it; because under the law, ac-
coi ding to the construction of the Department,
the. limitation of $3,000 applies there; and that
now is the very question m controveisy. If the
court shall dccide that the collector at Mobile is
entitled to $6,000, suiely we shall have nothing
to do but to make an appropriation to pay the
money; and when that is done, 1 think there will
be ample tune to apply the remedy here. If the
court shall decide m one case that the collector is
entitled to the pay within these limitations, it will
be just and equitable to apply the remedy in oth-
ers; but I do not think it quite just to adopt this
amendment now. It is true, this section passed
last year, but it did not become a law; and if it
was not well founded then, there is no reason
why we should reenaet it now. I have stated
tny recollection; I was familiar with the case some
years ago, and understand precisely the origin of
the difficulty and the application of the law as it
passed. 1 think I am right in my statement.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator is not quite nsjht.
The law of 1841 fixed a rate of commission at cer-
tain ports, and fixed a limitation upon the amount
at certain ports. It named certain ports specitically.
1i included all others, and gave them one per cent.
At a subsequent session, m 1846, another law
was passed, which required all collectors to pay
into the custom-house all the fees lecoived from
certain sources therein specified, over and above
$2,000. Add the $2,000 to the §4,000 and it made
the limitation, $6,000, at the large ports; and
adding the $'3,000, if they received that amount in
lees, to the smaller ports, made S3,000; yet the
amount at the smaller ports always depended on
the amount of customs received, and the rate per
centum was fixed by the law of 1841, Attorney
General Cushing has decided that all collectors
are governed by the limitation of $3,000 for their
fees on collecting duties. Of the other fees they
are entitled to reserve $2,000 if they do business
enough to amount to it; making their compensa-
tion $5,000. This has been decided by the law
officer of the Government. It thus makes all col-
lectors entitled to $5,000; or at the large ports
$6,000, if they do business enough.
There is one other fee that they are entitled to if
they perform the duty, and that is for the light-
house service. If they act as superintendents of
light-houses, they receive $400 for that, and that
is the only additional amount which can be added
to any collector in any port of the Union. This
light-house service doee not belong to the inte-
rior, but the commissions on the duties belong
there as much as they do anywhere else. The
services are performed there under the same re-
sponsibility, and as efficiently. They render to
the Government the same amount of service; and
the law of 1857 said they should receive the same
fee, whether they were named a surveyor or
named a collector.
There is this other point to be remembered; a
surveyor, by the law of 1841, is limited to $2,500;
and by the law of 1846 the additional pay of
$2,000, on account of certain other fees, does not
apply to surveyois. If you include those $2,000,
and exclude the application of the law which ap-
plies to surveyors performing the duties of collect-
ors, then the Secretary has decided wrong in al-
lowing $3,000 heretofore. There is no warrant
of law to allow the $3,000. They are either lim-
ited to their $2,500, under the law of 1841, or, to
escape from it, you must say that they are col-
lectors in fact, although not in name, and there-
fore governed by the limitation of $2,000. If
that be the law of the land, this additional com-
pensation, growing out of other fees notenumer- ;
ated until the law of 1846, gives them $2,000 more,
which which would entitle them to $5,000.
This is the whole case; but I do not choose to
go into that. I content myself with what Con-
gress has done, and I do not seek to £0 behind
that. When the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
senden] says there is a secret, private, large
claim covered up in this, I have only to answer
and say I know nothing of it; and to give him
this other additional answer, that it cannot pos-
sibly be a vciy large one, since the amendment I
propose limits it to the passage of the act of the
3d of March, 1857. If it were to go back seven-
teen years to the passage of the law of 1841, it
might be a large claim; but I will also hazard this
other expression: there are not exceeding five
ports of the Union to which the amendment will
have any practical effect. Why, then, legislate ?
Because, m my opinion, the law already entitles
tlvcse men to this allowance. The officers of the
Government do not administer the law; the opin-
ion of the Attorney General is, that it ought to
be administered, and yet there is no coercive
power. There is a legislative power. That le-
gislative power was invoked at the last session.
They affirmed it; but the accident of the clerk, or
the negligence of the clerk, or some other motive
that influenced the clerk, caused it to drop out of
the enrolled bill. Now, will the Senate, after hav-
ing gravely affirmed this principle, and Congress,
on mature deliberation, having carried out this
principle, and the merest slip of a clerk defeating
its application—will they seize hold of that to in-
jure active, vigilant, and meritorious public offi-
cers, by the law of 1857, to the very compensa-
tion that I have enumerated >
Mr. FESSENDEN. I voted for this last year,
on the explanation and argument of the Senator
from Missouri; but the information I have got
since, and the strong suspicions I have about it,
j! induce me to hesitate, and I am glad it is not in
!' such a shape as to be carried out, and I shall vote
,i against it now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The fact that this provis-
!! ipassed both branches last year would notcon-
i trol me at all. Jt was not submitted to thePres-
J ident; was not approved by him. We have still
i| perfect control over it. If it is right, we can pass
j j it now. If it is wrong, we ought not to pass it,
!i even though we did last year. I must confess
;i that I am afraid of this amendment. I do not
[ think we ought to pass these provisions that no-
■j body seems to understand in the Senate except
;i the gentlemen who piopose them, that none of
us have studied at all. If this matter had been
referred to a committee, if a committee had ex-
amined it, and told us the precise effect of the
amendment 
Mr. GREEN. I refer the Senator to the law,
and he can understand it himself.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Things appear perfectly
plain and simple when stated on one side. I
think I could state anybody out of court at any
time, if I were allowed to make a statement on one
side, and no answer were permitted. I could
state the opposite side out of court forever. There
are none of us who understand the Government
side of this question. It appears that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury will not pay this money. If
it were so perfectly plain as the Senator supposes,
what should be the objection to making the pay-
ment? Yet it seems he will not pay.
It is said the act of 1841 gave a clear right, but
the Secretary did not pay under that. The act of
1857 was passed; the gentleman says that is be-
yond doubt, yet the Secretary still refuses to pay.
No committee has reported to us the side of the
Government. The Senator from Missouri, in his
zeal in pushing this claim, which I have no doubt
he defends very honestly, states his side of the
case, and yet he has not told us what the Secre-
tary's argument is on the other side; and if he
had, is he, with the interest he displays in this
subject, the proper person to represent the Gov-
ernment side of the case? His mind is evidently
made up in favor of the claim of his constituent,
no doubt honestly and fairly; but on the whole,
is it not better for us to refrain, at such a moment
as this, from sanctioning: the increase of salary to
such a large extent? The Senator wants to go
back only to 1857. Very well, $2,000 a year m
five ports is $10,000 a year at. all events, and this
will make up a claim of that amount for three
years; and so we are called upon to voto $30,000
out of the Tieasury with very imperfect inform-
ation. I thirrk that if the Senator desired to re-
new this matter before Congress at the present
session, he ought, under the experience of the
past, to have had some examination made of it by
some committee.
One word more, and I shall say nothing further
on the subject. The Senator says this question
is now before the Supreme Court of the United
States, and he thought it would even come up at
the present term. If it was so near coming up at the
present term, it will certainly be reached in the
next term, or within a few months after this very
law will go into operation, for this bill is for the
fiscal year beginning July 1, 1859. Why, then,
for the purpose of advancing two or three months
the rights of these parties, undertake ourselves to
adjudge them in their favor, when the Supreme
Court may determine that they have no rights at
all? I think we had better let this matter alone.
We have not a Treasury sufficiently abundant
now to be paying claims that are at all doubtful.
If the claims are entirely just, these parties will
get them a few months after the date at which
they would get them if we adopted the Senator^
amendment. It is more prudent to reject it.
Mr. GREEN. How the Senator can make it
three years, from the 3d of March, 1857, to the
present period of time, is more than I am able to
divine. I make it a little less than two years; but
he makes it three years, and says this will involve
an expense of $30,000 for five ports. It is but
$20,000. The Senator is about as much at fault
in his arithmetic as in the rest of his argument.
Buteven suppose it were $200,000: are we to stop
and say we will not do justice, and will not exe-
cute the law, because we are poor, and because we
heedlessly fool away our time, and refuse to apply
the powers of the Govei nment to collect a revenue?
Is that an argument ? We are to stultify ourselves,
refuse to pay our debts, drive off our claimants,
put our hands on the lock of the Treasury, and.
' then say we will not tax the people. Sir, the
! people of the United States are ready and willing
■ and anxious to be taxed to maintain the honor of
: their Government. Is thts a douhtfrM claim? It
| is no claim. It is the execution of a law; but the
! Senator says it never was a law. The present
; amendment which is now proposed, I stated ex-
plicitly, never did become a law; and the reason
why it never did become a law, I also explained;
but the law that I am seeking to enforce by the
adoption of the proposed amendment, is clear
enough for my mind.
