1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1213
The Senator is a little at fault in another re-
spect. The case that comes up from Mobile
reaches back to the law of 1841. It originated
under the law of 1841, before this law of 1857 was
passed. Even if that decision were reversed by
the Supreme Court, it would not conflict with the
rights of the parties whom I seek to support and
sustain, under the law of 1857. Therefore, why
wait for a decision that cannot be decisive of the
rights of the parties?
The Senator is at fault again when he says we
have but to wait a few months. This act, he
says, will not take effect until next July. I think
all general legislation in it takes effect at once
from the approval of the bill. But, besides all
that, that case is No. 175 on the docket of the
Supreme Court; and I am assured by the clerk
that the Court will hardly reach it during the
whole of the next January term. Congress will
adjourn again; these parties will have to work
and labor; the law has given them certain rights
as collectors; they have discharged their duty.
The law is plain and express in its provisions;
and yet we are to put up the poor man's plea that
we have not got the money., and therefore will not
pay. If it were the case of an individual, the co-
ercive power of Congress would make him pay;
and shall we skulk behind the mere fact that the
United States cannot be sued, that their property
cannot be taken in execution ? Is that to be the
plea of this Government, whether with reference
to general law, private claims, or anything else?
We must collect money enough to pay our debts,
and to provide for the wants of the Government;
but, refusing to collect that revenue, we then seek
to avoid the discharge of our duty, and leave the
Government drifting upon the breakers that he
before it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on Finance, to insert after
line one hundred and fifty-nine, to follow the ap-
propriations for the Court of Claims:
For commissioners' fees for taking testimony on behalf of
the Government, fees of witnesses and of agents or attor-
neys to be appointed by the solicitor to attend to the taking
of depositions utidei sections two and three of the act of
1855, to be disbursed under the solicitor by such marshal as
Jie slial! direct, or other suitable agents to be appointed by
ium, $'5,000.
I have the letter of the solicitor stating that, by
accident, this appropriation was omitted when
the bill was before the House of Representatives.
It is the usual sum, $5,000, which has been here-
tofore appropriated. The letter can be read, if it
be desired.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not necessary; there
is no objection to the amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to hear the ;
amendment. I do not understand exactly what j
it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is merely to appropriate
$5,000 for taking testimony, on behalf of the Gov-
ernment, before the Court of Claims.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have an amendment to
offer from the Committee on Finance. It is to
insert, among the appropriations for the congres-
sional library, after the word " library," in line
one hundred and thirty-eight, " and pay for bind-
ing, labor, and other incidental expenses;" so as
to make the clause read:
For purchase of law books for said library, and pay for
binding, labor, and other incidental expenses, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to strike out on
the twenty-seventh page of the bill, from line six
hundred and thirty-nine to line six hundred and
forty-nine, inclusive. The clauses which I pro-
pose to strike out are the appropriations for the
branch mints at Dahlonega, m Georgia, and Char-
lotte, in North Carolina. I find from the last
finance report, that last year the entire coinage at
Dahlonega was §100,167; and this bill appropri-
ates $8,180 for that mint; or, in other words, it
proposes to appropriate a little more than eight
and eight-tenths percent, upon the entire coinage
of that mint. I see by a table in the same vol-
ume, that the whole coinage at that mint, for the
year 1857, was $32,906, and the cost of coining
it was about twenty-five per cent, of the whole
amount, I think that is a little too expensive a
price for coinage. The expense of sending the
bullion that is there coined to Philadelphia or New
York, would not be over a quarter of one percent.,
and certainly not more than one half of one per
cent, to take it there and send it back; and yet you
.havepaid, on an average,for the last three years,
over ten per cent, upon the entire coinage at Dah-
lonega
The branch mint at Charlotte, North Caro-
lina, is bad enough, althoijgh not quite as bad as
the other. I find that the coinage there ear
amounted to $177,970; and this bill proposes to
appropriate for it $8,600. In 1857 the entire coin-
age at that mint was only $78,965. The average
expense to the Government of the coinage there,
For the last two years, has been about eight per
cent.
The amount coined at these two mints has been
running down gradually from year to year, until
it would appear to be time to abolish the estab-
lishments. 1 perceive that at these two mints you
are paying $6,000 a year for the salary of super-
intendents, and in one of them $2,600, and in the
other $2,800 for laborers. In other words, you
pay $6,000 for superintending $2,000 worth of
labor. It must be perfectly evident to every Sen-
ator present, that it is time this was done away
with. I move to strike out the appropriations m
the following clauses:
" Jit Charlotte, North Carolina.
" For salaries of superintendent, <soiner, assayer, and
cJerk, $6,000.
" For wages of workmen, $2,600.
" 4At Dahlonega, Georgia.
"For salaries of superintendent, coingr, assayer, and
clerk, $6,000.
"For wages of workmen, $2,800."
Mr. HALE. I had occasion some years ago
to call attention to this matter, but was voted
down. I desire now, if there is any necessity
for keeping up these mints, to have it stated.
What is the use of paying six per cent, a year for
coinage at these two little establishments. It is
over six per cent, taking them together—Char-
lotte and Dahlonega. They only coin about
$277,000 at both of them. These mints were
established, I think, about 1838, when there was
an idea that there was a great and profitable loca-
tion of gold in that neighborhood; but that has
been entirely exploded. There is no gold there,
or none that can be profitably worked, and these
mints have got now so as to do little or nothing.
It seems to me the only earthly use of keeping
them up is simply to pay salaries. I hope the
economical chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, will give his support in this reform.
Mr. REID. I trust the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Michigan, will not prevail.
These mints have been established by law, and I
I suppose it is necessary to make the appropria-
! tions to carry them on while they are in existence.
| I can speak for North Carolina, and so far as
} that State is concerned, perhaps the amount of
| coinage during the past year may not be so large,
|] yet there are a number of persons in my State
1 who are engaged, and extensively engaged in
mining, but I doubt very much whether during
the last six months there have not been larger
lumps of gold found in North Carolina, than even
in California. It is true that this monopolizing
northern feeling which desires to concentrate
everything to the North, does already takea good
deal of the gold that is found in North Carolina,
and carry it to the North.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why do you let us have
it? Why do you not keep it at home?
Mr. REID. Under your system that has been
pampered here of taxing the South for the benefit
! of the North, of legislating for everything that
has about it dollars and cents, so as to give it a
northern direction, it goes to the North, and the
South is made the tributary of the North. We
have a little mint there to be sure, and you desire
to strip us of this merely because you say, 111 pro-
portion to the amount of coinage there the ex-
penses are great. But this is not the principle
that we should apply to a thing of this sort._ If
you desire to abolish this mint, refer the subject
to a committee, let them inquire into it3 affairs,
and see whether it can be properly discontinued.
Do not, upon an appropriation bill, while you have
the mint in operation, refuse the necessary ap-
propriations to carry it on.
Mr TRUMBULL. If this amendment shall
prevail, as I trust it will, I will offer another
amendment to the bill repealing the law establish-
ing mints at Dahlonega and Charlotte and direct-
ing the President to make*sale of the sites of the
public buildings there, and place the proceeds in
the Treasury. We hear a great deal said here
about economy, and to judge from what gentle-
men say, there would appear to be a very general
disposition to reduce the expenses of this Gov-
ernment. Here is a case where we can econo-
mize. Two Government establishments were set
up some twenty years ago in localities where it
w.as supposed there was gold. ■ There is some
little gold in the mountains of North Carolina and
Georgia. These establishments have now been
in operation some twenty years. It needs no ref-
erence to a committee to ascertain what they are
doing. We have here the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the report of the Director
of the Mint, showing the amount of business
done at each of these branch mints. They coin
nothing but gold, and at one of these mints I per-
ceive there has only been $32,000 coined at an
expense of eight or nine thousand dollars, twenty-
five per cent.; while the expense of coining the
millions that are coined at Philadelphia, including
copper and silver, is not one per cent. In this
case, however, you are paying more than eight
per cent, for the coinage last year, and some years
you have paid as high as twenty-five percent, for
the amount of business done at these branch
mints. And for what purpose ? We have had
them for twenty years; we have tested them. If
the Government is to appropriate money for this
purpose, it would be a great deal better, and it
would be a great saving to appropriate money to
pay the expense of conveying every ounce of
gold that may be discovered in Georgia and Car-
olina to the principal Mint at Philadelphia, or to
the branch mint at New Orleans.
This is not a northern measure, as the Senator
from Noith Carolina seems to suppose. Is there
not a branch mint at New Orleans? Is it pro-
posed to abolish that? We do not propose to
abolish the branch mint at New Orleans, or at
San Francisco; but there is no necessity for these
branch mints in Georgia and North Carolina, as
shown by the experience of twenty years. They
cost more than they are worth. Now, if we are
sincerely desirous of reducing the expenses of the
Government, whenever we come to a case like this
let us put the principle in operation; let us adopt
the rule that will cut down the expenses. When-
ever you find anything like this in the northern
States, I shall not appeal to northern gentlemen
to sustain it; and I am sorry that there should be
a sectional appeal here to sustain extravagance,
any more because it is in Carolina or Georgia,
than if it was anywhere else. I trust the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. HALE. 1 have heard the Senator from
North Carolina; and if I understood his remarks,
he does not base this matter on any national
grounds at all; but entirely on sectional grounds.
Now, sir, I am opposed to all such appeals. He
objects to this amendment because these naints
are in the South, and be thinks they ought to be
sustained. AVe have heard from North Carolina,
and now I should like to know what Georgia has
to say on the subject. I want to know whether
Georgia thinks so much tribute has been levied
on them that they ought to have these $8,000 a
year for coining this little money.
Mr. REID. If the Senator from Mass—Ver-
mont, I mean—will permit me 
Mr. HALE. I am neither from Massachusetts
nor Vermont, if you mean me.
Mr. REID. You are from the same region of
country—it is six of one and half a dozen of the
other. The Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. Exactly; now you have got it.
Mr. REID. The Senator is mistaken as to the
position which I took in regard to this matter. It
was not that I desired these establishments sus-
i tained, because it was a southern appropriation;
1 but I alleged that it was obnoxious to the gentle-
! man, and"some associated with him, because it
I was a southern appropriation. If tills appiopii-
ation was for the State of New Hampshire, per-
haps the gentleman might oppose it as much as
he does now; but if it were an unconstitutional
appropriation for taking some African negroes,
and carrying them somewhere on the face of God's
earth, where there is no warrant under the Con-
stitution, it would be very acceptable to the gen-
tleman, and he would find a sufficient warrant
