1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lit
for them to obtain relief under the ordinary rules j
of tin1 Depaitment. That is the reason for that ■
provision in the bill; and I hope it is satisfactory
to my fnond from Ohio. The gentleman, how-
ever, can fix the phraseology of the bill on that !
point to suit himself. i
Mr, CURTIS. I would ask the gentleman if !
he intends that the Secretary of War shall go be- I
hind the finding of the commissioners ? «
Mr. SHORTER. No, sir. We want him to j
stand upon the finding of the commissioners. j
Mr. CURTIS. Then what do you want the i
testimony for? !
Mr. SHORTER. For the reason that we want '
the Secretary to deteimine the cases on the writ- 1'
ten evidence now on file in his Department, be- j
cause the witnesses who testified before the com- !;
missioners are many of tlvmi dead, or scattered
throughout the country. But the evidence sworn :
to before the commissioners is now on file in the j
War Department, and we want the Secretary to !|
act upon that. 1'
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman does not un- i:
derstand my point. What is the use of testimony !
when yon do not intend him to go behind the
finding of the commissioners ?
Mr, SHORTER. Well, I shall be perfectly 1
satisfied if you will pay the parties the amounts ' >
recommended by the commissioners. i.
Mr. CURTIS. I am certainly opposed to going 1
behind the findings of the commissioners. I:
Mr. SHORTER. I have no objection in the
world to your passing a law requiting the Seere- ,
tary of War to pay these parties the amounts rec-
ommended as due to them by the commissioners.
That is ali we are asking. \
Mr. 11ILG011E. I wish to ask the gentleman j:
whether the bill is not intended to cover the en- j;
tire claims admitted by the commissioners? \,
Mr. SHORTER. No, not the entire claims. ||
The entire claims amount to overa million dollars, j!
Mr. KILGORE. The bill, as I understand it, ||
requires the Secretary of War to take the proof !
that is now on file, and that was token before \\
the commissioners, and by that to determine the
amount to be allowed. The commissioners re-
port the entire evidence; but, according to the at'- |
fidavit or evidence of the claimants themselves, '«
they rejected something more than three fourths ,j
ofthe smountofclaims. Yet those rejected claims
would be embraced under this bill, if I understand i
its provisions. ''
Mr. SHORTER. Yes, sir; but I hav^ drawn ,
up a proviso which I intend to offer, limiting the ,
payments to the amount recommended as due by
the commissioners. I hope the committee under- I■
stand that point.
Mr. LEITER. I will state that the Committee
on Indian Affairs agreed to that unanimously.
Mr. SHORTER. Yes, sir; the committee
unanimously agreed to it. ].
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to see if I under- i,
stand my colleague correctly. I understand that J
he proposes, not that the evidence which is on .
file in the War Depaitment shall be conclusive of
the correctness of the charges and amounts, but ;j
that that evidence shall be taken tor what it is ■
worth, in the adjustment of the accounts. j
Mr. SHOR TER. That is all. f
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 understand my colleague ■;
to state also that this evidence was taken by the
commissioners at their own option. \'
Mr. SHORTER. Yes, sir. :!
Mr. HOUSTON. And that it is not evidence ,
that it was brought by the claimants of the prop- i
erty themselves?
Mr. SHORTER. My colleague understood me
coriectlv. ... ij
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to inquire of the g><?n-
tie man from Alabama whet her the claims in schcd- '
ule "A'' were not paid at the time, or soon after, j
under the lawoflSlG'' !;
Mr. SHORTER. The claims on that schedule m
are not included in this bill. T • , '!
Mr. GIDDINGS. I know that; but I wish to ,j
inquire if those claims were paid i
Mr.SlIORTEK. They were; there were only '■
about seumteen names included in that schedule; j
and it i remember correctly their claims were xor
articles of clothing and other things taken from
some mr i rhants foi the use of the army. _ ,
Mr. GIDDINGS. if the gentleman will permit
me, I desire to ask him one more question. _ Is i
riot that exactly the same rule on which all claim- !
ants for losses sustained in time of war have been
compensated by this Government, since 18I6>
Mr. SHORTER, i do not understand the
bearing of the gentleman's question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I merely ask, whether the
rule, under the law of 1816, is noi the measure
by which we have paid all claims of this character,
fiom that day to this?
Mr. SHORTER. Well, in this case, the evi-
dence was different, and the testimony here ex-
plains all that. There were some seventeen claim-
ants under schedule "A." They were merchants
whose goods had been taken by the United States
troops for the use of the army; and written
memoranda., signed by the officers, of the precise
goods which they took, were given to the parties
at the time, and the claims of those parties were
adjusted under the law to which the gentleman
from Ohio refers. But in these other cases, the
officers all testified, as the gentleman from Ohio
would have learned if he had listened to the read-
ing by the Clerk, that it was utterly impossible to
keep an account of the property taken by the
United States troops, and by the friendly Indians,
for the support of the army. It was impossible
to do it. The parties whose prooenv was im-
pressed had no way of identifying it, so that it
could be pa.id for as the parlies embraced m
schedule "A" were paid. And all that we a*k, and
all that we contemplate by this bill, is, that the
Government shall pay to the citizens of Georgia
and Alabama the amounts recommended as due
by the commissioners, m their report.
Now, what has been the objection made to this
bill? It is asked why a claim of tins character
has been so long before Congress? The answer
is plain. If you will examine your record, you
will find that the Legislatures of Genista and
Alabama have petitioned and p-Hit'oned, over and
over again, for action by Congress on these
claims. You will find that the United States Sen-
ate passed a bill for the payment of this amount
on two several occasions, and that an adverse re-
port never has been made, in that body, to the
payment of the claims. But we have never had
an opportunity to be heard b^foie this Hon.se.
This is the first time since 1836, when President
Jackson recommended Congress to pay this deist,
that we have even obtained a hearing befoie this
House. !j
Well, the gentleman inquires, why we have
never had a hnvmg? Why have not a great
many other worthy claimants, who have been
here by petition for the Inst twenty yeais, had a
a hearing? It is a burning shame that they have
not had a hearing before Congress. This House 'i
is to blame for it; and that is my answer to the ,
gentleman.
But it has been again said, that these claims
ought not to be paid because the depredations ;
were committed in time of war, and thnt the
Government is not bound to indemnify its citi- I
zens for losses sustained by the enemy in actual
war. I grant the general proposition to be a j'
correct one, because the establishment of any }
other rule would bankrupt the Government. But, ;;
sir, was this a war? A war with whom' _ With ;
the Creek tribe of Indians? Why, the chiefs of
that tribe, with a large number of friendly In- .
dians, were enlisted in the service of the United
States, in endeavoring to put down the hostiles.
War? Was there ever a declaration of war ? ,
None. Was there any tieary of peace? None.
The chiefs of that tribe sent a protest to the Sen- ^
ale three years ago, against this idea that they
had been at war with the L nite-1 States in
I have read that protest. I take it for granted \\
that if there was'a war.it was a war with the b
Creek tribe of Indians. The United States eouid
not be at war with a small sunaivision of the ■
tribe. But we have here testimony of the highest ^
character showing whether it v as a war or not; !;
and what is that r I hold in my hand a letter fiom •
Genera! Jesup, the highest olTuer m command in ;
that territory at that time. In that letter, Gen-
eral Jcsup says:
'■ t'mabiuali j/wraon of die Indians wcie at that time
hesti'e "* j;
1 Again : '•
■ •• Fiotn tbo be>t information I could ohnm ther" were '
about one thousand wamois m the ditfoieiit bo-tik* e.imps, |1
1 but not jnoie than tort; or liity h.ei at atiy t.nie been con- '
' <_• 'ined in burning hotuy? or coalmining inut<iee>; ami not .
! over one hmuheii and iii'iy wamois liad ever engaged m n
i active hostilities.*1 * fi
Well now, Mr. Chairman, is it fUir, is it right,
when the citizens of Alabama and Georgia come
here to urge their just claims against the Govern-
ment, to be met by the argument that the losse#
were sustained in time of war, when the cjotri'-
manding officer tells you that the tribe of Cfeek
Indians were friendly to the United States, and
a large portion of them enlisted for the suppres-
sion of the depredations of those who were hos-
tile? and that there were not, from first to" last,
more than one hundred and fifty Indians engaged
in hostilities. And what do the commissioners
say? They sav that «* after diligent inquiry they
find it very difficult to determine what portion of
the Creek tiibe had been engaged in hostilities."
But I care nothing for what the commissioners
say on this point. Here is the testimony of Gen-
eral Jesup, signed in his own handwriting, which
must, put to rest forever the proposition thai this
was a war with the Creek tribe of Indians.
Mr. CURTIS. If the gentleman will permit me,
the Committee on Military Affairs have adopted
a rule always to pay for articles which have been
taken by our own Army for military or other pur-
poses, but not to pay for the depredations com-
mitted by a predatoiy band of Indians in the havoc
of war. I wish to ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama if this claim is for depredations committed
by a band of Indians? If so, it should be disre-
garded by this House. I am willing to pay for
whatever property has been taken by our Army,
but not for depredations committed by bands of
Indians. That is the rule adopted by the Com-
mitku on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHORTER. I understand the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa, and as a general
rule it is correct, with the qualification that where
the deptedations commuted by Indians are not
to be paid for by the United States, they must
have been committed by a tribe at war with the
United States. But the act of March 3, 1837,
settles this matter in the following proviso :
Prot'irfeJy Nothing herembefme contained shall be 80
c*o!'«tuu'(l as to subject tlie United States to pay for depre-
tfauon* not piovide.i! foi h\ the act ot' April 9,1816, and tlie
an> mncnd.Uut} thereto, nor by acts regulating the inter*
coui^e neuveen the Indian tribes and the United States."
It is plain that Congress knew what that in-
tercourse act was. They knew perfectly well
that if the depredations committed by the Creek
Indians east of the Mississippi river came with-
in the yiirit of the Indian intercourse act, the
United States v/ere liable. What is the Indian
intercourse act? What are its provisions? It
provides thnt when a portion of a tribe of Indians
at peace with the United States, comes into the
white settlements and commits depredations, the
Government is liable, if the provisions of the act
ate complied with by the sufferers, and it deducts
the amount from the annuities which are due to
said tribe. Gentlemen will not say that ourlosses
were sustained in the " havoc of war" when the
depredations were committed by a small band of
vagrant Indians while tlie great body of the tribe
remained at peace with the Government. The In-
dian intercourse act provides that such depreda-
tions shall be paid out of the United States Trea-
sury. And by the act of 1836, passed by Congress
in conforr.ity to the recommendation of President
Jackson, Congress pledged itself to pay all these
losses, if th*y fall within the principles of the
Indian intercourse act. Did they fall within the
principles of that act? Certainly they did; the
commanding officer testifies that not over one-
hundred and fifty of the Creek tribe were engaged
in these deniedations, and the records of the Gov-
ernment show that some two thousand of that
tribe enlisted underour own flag to suppress these
hostilities. The gentleman'sproposidon is wrong;
we have a law uoon this subject, known as this
Indian intercourse law. By this very act of Con-
gress the Government is pledged to pay us, not
only for the piopcrty which the United States
troops took to support themselves upon, not only
. for the property impressed for the maintenance
; of your army, but also for the property destroyed
■ by this band of depredating Indians.
A gentleman asks why did not the people of
Georgia and Alabama go before the Indian agenfc
at that ume? There was no Indian agent. Im-
mediately after the losses were sustained, the Le-
gislature of Alabama assembled and petitioned
Congress to indemnify the citizens for their losses;
and Congress, in the absence of-an Indian agfcnt*
