1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
tender the Constitution; and it would neither be
northern nor southern, I suppose.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am sorry that
the Senator is still sectional, [laughter;] that he
does not appreciate my position. The bill of which
he speaks was passed by southern votes, and a
southern leader lead off. I voted against it, and
I am so recorded.
Mr. REID. Did the Senator vote against that
amendment?
Mr. HALE.' I voted against the whole bill.
Mr. REID. Did the Senator vote against that
item in the appropriation bill? Did he not vote
to sustain that item, and keep it in the appropri-
ation bill?
Mr. HALE. I do not remember what item the
Senator refers to, [laughter;] but I voted against
the whole thing. I did not go piecemeal; I took
the whole thing, and voted against the whole bill,
and I was voted down by these southerners.
[Renewed laughter.]
Now, sir, let me tell the Senator from North
Carolina, for I have always had high respect and
kind feeling for him, that he misunderstands me
entirely. When I make war upon the South, if
I ever should do it—and I never will, except 111
defense—I will not make it in this picayune way.
I will not go out on such a contemptible little busi-
ness as striking off a superintendent of a mint,
and cutting down $8,000, because i do not believe
that southern sensibilities are so keen that they
can be touched in that way. It is said you can
touch Yankees through their pockety; but I never
heaid that you could reach the South in such a
way, and I do not believe it. I do not believe
but what, if this money is stricken out, and I
think it will be, it will have a tendency to restore
fraternal feeling, rather than to exasperate it. I
moved to strike out these appropriations years
ago; 1 think I made the motion when I waSs,a
member of the House of Representatives, because
I had seen constantly, year after year, that whilst
you were providing m your general laws that the
expenses of coining at the Mint shall not cost over
thiee eighths of one per cent., which 1 believe you
have enacted this very day, you are paying six,
eight, or ten per cent, for coinage at these two
little mints in North Carolina and Georgm. Now,
sir, I think 1 know myself, and if it was in the
State of New Hampshire, and m the county of
Strafford, and in the town of Dover, and on my
lot, I would vote against it. ) have never voted,
and I never will vote, for what I think to be so
extravagant and useless an appropriation of pub-
lic money as this, But, sir, 1 will say no more!.
Wut down, because I am impatient to hear from
Georgia.
Mr. TOOMRS. If the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire wants the benefit of any inform-
ation i have on the subject, i will give it very
freely. When these mints svere established, about
twenty years ago, there had been large discov-
eries of gold in that region of Georgia. I let
North Carolina speak for herself, as she has so
well done. The mint at Dahlonega was estab-
lished on the idea that there would be a very hu ge
business done theie. Like most, of the gold dis-
coveries in the United States, on this side of the
Mississippi, at least, it has turned out to he
ehielly surface mining. The gold gave out, and
it stnkes me, from all { can see, that the neces-
sity for the mint has gone with it.
Alt. CLINGMAN. This motion is to refuse
the appropriation for these two mints. It is true,
the Senator from Illinois says, ;i this motion pre-
vails he will move to abolish or dispense with the
mints; but 1 believe it is always held that legis-
lation is out of order on appropriation bills, and
such an amendment would not be in order. It is
a mere question, theicfbre, whether you will carry
out the existing law. I think it not unlikely that
originally these mints ouirht not to have been es-
tablished; but they are now existing. If gentle-
men be willing to dispense with everything that
is not paying, I shall give them up very cheer-
fully, so far as I am concerned; but it is well
known that a large number of custom-houses are
now existing in the country, some of which aie
up in the Northeast, and do not pay anything
like the expense of the men who are employed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We want the assistance
of the Senator from North Carolina to abolish
every one of them.
Mr. I-iALE. You shall have my vote.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That proposition shall
have my support.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have a bill now pend-
ing, 5 understand, to abolish a great many of
them, and I hope we shall pass it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I may vote for that bill
even if it includes these mints, for I have no doubt,
my^eople will save jnore money by abolishing
allMose non-paying establishments, and certain
others that I will not now go into, than they would
lose by the abolition of these mints. What I mean
to say is, that I shall resist the striking out of
these appropriations at this particular time, untijl
you go into a general system of economy. I may
say that, though the gold-mining there has run
down very much since the discovery of Califor-
nia, which carried of the miners, it seems to.be
on the increase again, both in Georgia and my 1
own State. I have very little doubt that thequan- |
tity of gold obtained in future will increase from :
year to year for some tune to come. I hope, there- I
fore, this appropuation will stand until you adopt \
a general system. I have nothing further to say. I
Mr. REID. I will state to the Senate that, so
far as North Carolina is concerned, there is no
question but that we have an immense amount
of gold there. For many reasons, however, within
the last few years, the mines have not been ex-
tensively operated. One of the causes has been
the high price which ail agricultural productions
have borne; and the California feeling 1ms, to some
extent, parulyzed the mining operations of that i
count! y; but there is a vast amount of gold through- 1
out the State, and the mint there is not only use-
ful now, but it will be useful for all time, and
ought never to be discontinued.
Mr, TRUMBULL called fortheyeasand nays. 1
Mr. REID, Would it be in order to divide the
amendment so as to take the question separately
on the mint at Charlotte, and the one at Dahlon-
etrn ?
°Mr, CLINGMAN. We had better take them
together.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. PUCH. I should like to ask a question
which, probably, tlu: Senator from Virginia can
answer. Are these salaries already provided for
byiaw? j
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir; I believe they are j
provided for by law; but I understood the Sena- i
tor from Illinois to say he would introduce a pro- :
vision to repeal that law. |
Mr. CLINGMAN. He cannot do it upon this !
bill. On the same principle you may strike out
an appropnation for the pay uf members of Con- j
gtess, or anybody else, because some Senator ;
may hereafter intend to propose to repeal the ex- !
istuig law. This stands on the footing of all :
oilier laws at present. i
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have an amendment al- !
ready prepared, to abolish these mints, and di- i
rect the President to make sale of the sites, and \
pay the proceeds into the Treasury; and it will 1
be in order when this amendment prevails. The
rules do not exclude an amendment of a general '
natuie. it is only when you pioposean amend-
ment for an additional appropriation that the rule i
intervenes. I
Mr CLINGMAN. All amendments are ruled !
ontoforder, if they provide for legislation. ["Oh,
no!"] It seems to me the gentleman's motion .
would be outof order, but it has not been adopted j
yet. Suppose I should ask you to strike out i
every appropriation m this bill, on the ground j
that I or somebody else promised to move to re- i
peal a law; there would be about the same reason i
for u. :
Mr. PUGTI. I might be disposed to vote pos- '
sibly for an amendment to repeal the law estab- j
lishing these mints, but I hardly think we shall j
gam anything by striking out the appropriation I
and letting it come next year in a deficiency bill. :
The whole amount for these two branch mtats is .
about seventeen thousand two hundred dollars, ,
and it does not begin to equal the amount we have <
this day added to eveiy one of the other branch !
mints against the vote of the House of Repre- j
sentatives. I think this is straining at the gnat, !
when we have already swallowed the camel. I
Mr. REID. I understood that it was in order j
to divide the amendment so as to tak® the ques- '
tion first on striking out the appropriation for the :
Charlotte branch mint. ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER, It is too late '
now to divide the amendment. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the whole amend-
ment.
Mr. REID. I asked for a division before that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I understood
the Senator from North Carolina merely to in-
quire before, whether it could be divided. The
Secretary will call the roll on the amendment of
the Senator from Michigan.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Broderick,
Chandler, Clark, Clay, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee,
Fes&cnden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Houston, Hunter,
Jolmeon-of Atkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Ken-
nedy, King, Ma^on, Polk, Push, Rice, Simmon?, Shdell,
Smith, Toombs, Ttumlull, Wade, and Wilson—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bright, Brown, Cameron, Ches~
nut, Chngman, Douglas, Fitch, Uleon,Gwin, I verson, Lane,
Heid, Seward, and Watd—15.
So the amendment of Mr. Chandler was
agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
"Mississippi allow me to offer an amendment to
carry out what we have just agreed to?
Mr. BROWN. No; it will give rise to debate,
and I have amendments to offer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will take no more time
now than at any other period, and it is on the
same subject upon which we have just been acting.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to offer the
following amendment, to come in after line eight
hundred and sixty-one:
And to repay to the Corporation of Washington the com-
pensation of twenty policemen, from the 13th day ot July,
1858, to the 30th day of June, 1859, $12,530 12.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. 1 am further instructed by the
same committee, to propose the following amend-
ment, to follow the one which has just been
; adopted:
For compensation of twentv policemen in the city of
j Washington, to bo appointed m th^ same manner the
1 auuh.uy guard are now appointed) $\3,U00.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. 1 am instructed to propose the
following amendment, to which I suppose nobody
will object, to come in at the end of line three
hundred and seventy-eight:
And to enable the ComnnsMoner of Public Buildings to
pay to II. Clu-ikey a bul.un'o due liun for services ren-
dered entitled loi the United States- m 1840, ,«?126 60.
Mi. HUNTER, That is a private claim. I
raise the question of order.
Mr. BROWN. A word of explanation will
show that the amendment is in order. This was
an employe of the Government, employed under
an existing law, to fix the grade of the streets in
Washington. lie was not paid, as the documents
show, because the appropriation gave out, and
the officer by whom he was employed died. It is
no private claim. It is a balance due a salaried
officer of the Government which 1 propose to pro-
Vide for.
Mr. IIUNTER It has been decided that back
pay comes under the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The Chair has no doubt that the
amendment is excluded by the rule.
Mr. BROWN. I have some other amend-
ments, but I will reserve them for the miscellane-
ous bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to strike out lines
six hundred and twenty-nine, six hundred and
thirty, and six hundred and thirty-one, making
appropriations for the New York assay office, as
follows:
£i For salaries of nfficers and eleik-, $24,700.
'• For wages of workmen, $22,000."
I am very glad to see that the Senate is dis-
posed to be economical. It has been shown a
dozen times, perhaps a hundred times, in the de-
hate, that you can transport all the gold that
comes to New York to Philadelphia and send it
back for one tenth the sum of money that is spent
for coming at New York. It is not pretended by
anybody that ony gold is gotten in New York.
It comes there in the course of trade. We have
a Mint at Philadelphia which can coin every
dollar that is wanted in the United States. New
York is within four hours' travel of Philadelphia,
and gold can be taken there and coined or stamped,
and sent back for one tenth part the sam we are
