132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
appointed these commissioners, Pease and Smith,
who went out there.
Mr. PURVIANCE. Why was it that, under
the seventeenth section of the act of 1834, the
course indicated by that act was not pursued?
Mr. SHORTER. I have not the act before me,
and therefore I cannot answer advisedly.
Mr. WOODSON. There was no Indian agent.
< Mr. PURVIANCE. In the absence of an In-
dian agent, was no complaint made to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, and did he pursue the
course prescribed by the seventeenth section of
the act of 3834; did he make a report, and if so,
what was it?
Mr. SHORTER. I know nothing about the ac-
tion of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs atthat
time. I know, by General Jesup's letter, that
there were not more than one hundred and fifty
Creeks engaged, at any one time, in those depre-
dations; and the Legislature memorialized Con-
gress to pay those claims; General Jackson rec-
ommended them to the favorable consideration of
this body; and Congress appointed those com-
missioners to go there. We have their report,
and now we ask that they may be paid. It is
the fault of the Government that we have been
delayed thus long. We do not ask even for
interest on the amount allowed by the commis-
sioners. We do not ask what is justly due us.
We only ask pay for the property taken and de-
. stroyed by the United States troops, by the
friendly Indians under our flag, and by a smail
band of hostile Creeks.
Now it appears that, out of $349,120 recom-
mended by these commissioners to be paid to the
citizens of Georgia and Alabama, one claim of
$20,000 was due to the firm of Henry W. Jerm-
fan & Co., merchants in the town of Roanoke,
t was assigned to the Central Bank of the State
of Georgia. The marauding Indians crossed the
Chattahoochee river and destroyed the goods be-
longing to that firm. It was transferred, as 1 said,
and when the State of Georgia came here as a
creditor of this Government and asked for the pay-
ment of $20,000 of these items, recommended by
the commissioners to be paid, you paid it; but
these claimants, scattered all over the country;
many of them, to-day, barely able to obtain a
subsistence; many of them having lost their hus-
bands and fatheis, who were, at that time, shot
down in the night by a band of hostile Indians;
have asked you, ever since 1&37, to pay them tlie
small amounts due them respectively; but Con-
gress has, thus far, turned a deaf ear to their
supplications. You pay Georgia the amount due
to Jernigan & Co., but when a citizen of my State,
claiming only $150, or other small amount, lor
household furniture destroyed, for corn taken by
your troops from their cribs, or for bacon taken
from their smoke-houses to feed your army and
impressed by the authority of the Government,
asks you to pay him, you spurn him fiom the
Halls of Congress. Is it just and fair to treat
these parties thus ?
I care not what may be the language of the
bill that provides for then* payment. I should
Erefer a bill simply providing that the claims shall
e settled according to the report of the commis-
sioners. This matter has been fully investigated
and discussed at length before the Committee on
Indian Affairs. Some gentlemen upon that com-
mittee had a prejudice against the claim until they
came to understand it in all its bearings; and this
report now stands before the House indorsed
unanimously by that committee; and I trust that
Congress will now act in such a manner that jus-
tice, though long delayed, may at last be done to
the citizens of my State, who are so deeply in-
terested in tins bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr. Chair-
man, having been a member of the Committee on
Military Affairs in the Thirty-Foui th Congiess,
I happen to know something of this claim. It
came before that committee, and was very fully
considered. The State of Alabama appeared be-
fore the committee by able counsci, and the ease
was ably argued before us, and the committee
determined there was no merit in it. I supposed
that there would be a formal report made, but it
appears there was not.
So much for the case in the Thirty-Fourth
Congress. What, then, was my surprise to learn,
during the first session of this Congress, that this
case had been referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and a unanimous report made in its
favor.
Mr. SHORTER. Did I understand the gen-
tleman to say that his committee reported unan-
imously against it?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Not at all.
They ma'de-no formal report, but decided in the
committee to reject the bill.
Mr. SHORTER. How was the vote ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I should
not be at liberty to say how it was, even if I
knew. It was rejected upon full and fair inves-
tigation, and that is enough for me to say.
Having understood that this bill was made a
special order, I have, within the last twenty-four
hours, endeavored to refresh my recollection in
relation to the facts of the case, and I now pro-
pose to give to the House the result of my in-
vestigations. This claim grows out of a war with
the Creek Indians. It is not necessary for my
purpose to inquire into the origin of that war.
There would be little found in it to recommend
these claimants to the favorable consideration of
Congress.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no doubt but that
the gentleman from Wisconsin desires to have
this question presented to the committee in such
a way that they may understand it. The ques-
tion to which I wish to invite his attention, and
to which I shall address myself if I obtain the
floor, is, that this was no war; and I rise to ask
the gentleman to give the committee the informa-
tion when the Creek nation, as a nation, declared
war ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will do
so with great pleasure. I will come to that di-
rectly. As was correctly stated by the gentleman
from Alabama, the Creek nation, in 1835, made
a treaty with this Government. That treaty pro-
vided for the disposal of their rich and fertile
lands in Georgia, for an exchange of an equal
number of acres in Arkansas. A very magnani-
mous Government this, to get these poor Indians
to trade olT their rich lands in Georgia for lands
on the upper Arkansas ! This treaty was a ftaud
and an outrage. The Cieek Indians were out-
raged by it, and they made such complaints in
regard to it, that, in 1826, this Government was
compelled to declare that treaty void. It was
made in violation of a law of the Creek Indians,
which declared that if any of their chiefs should
assent, to a cession of their lands, he should suffer
death; and in accordance with that law the cele-
brated chief Macintosh was killed by the tribe for
having consented to the treaty of 1825. However,
in i8'2G, a new treaty was made, by which the
Georgia lands were ceded, and the Indians were
lemoved to the limits of Alabama. It has been
said by the gentleman fiom Alabama that these
Indians were very much attached to their lands
and their homes; and who would blame them for
that? It was not shown that they were guilty of
any crime up to that time, exccpt that they had
copper-colored skins, and kinds that were favor-
able to the production of cotton. In 1832, how-
over, the Government, being continually pressed
by the people of that portion of the country,was
forced to make a new treaty. They could not
induce the Indians to cede their lands: but they
succeeded in doing what they knew, but the In-
dians did not know, would deprive the Indians
of their lands, and lead to their removal beyond
the Mississippi. They succeeded in breaking up,
to some extent, their tribal character; and it was
provided in this treaty that each chief—some
seventy-odd—should receive one section of land,
and each head of a family who was not a chief a
half section, or three hundred and twenty acres,
it has been said, and said truly, that it was known
that the effect of the treaty would be to deprive
these red men of their lands. Improvident as
they ate, all their reservations were soon found
m the possession of white men; and having parted
with their reservations, the Indians, as has been
said by the gentleman from Alabama, were soon
in a starving condition.
This war then broke out. I do not think it
strange that it did. They were an outraged and
an abused people. They had been induced to
break up their tribal character, and to take their
lands in severalty, with the delusive provision m
the treaty that the Indians might remain there as
long as they pleased. These reservations having
passed into the hands of white men, the Indians
became clamorous at seeing that they were de-
frauded. Their lands, they said, had been ac-
quired from them by fraud. That they were, in-
many instances, defrauded, is well established.
The Government appointed a commissioner, this
same General Hogan who has been spoken of, to
investigate in respect to these alleged fraudulent
purchases of Indian reservations. I have not
found (nor have I looked for it) his formal report;
but I find an affidavit in Document No. 127, where-
in he speaks of these complaints, and says:
" That in the fall of 1833, andspuugofl83Giic acted as an
investigating agent to examine into frauds committed on the
Creek Indians in tli«e sale of thou" reserves ; that he inves-
tigated the frauds committed on the Uohees, at a place
called Big Spring, in Ru^ell county, in Febtuaiy, 183G, at
which investigations the inhabitants of that settlement at-
tended; and in almost all the cases the fraud seemed to liave
been committed by agents of land companies in and about
Columbus, Georgia. Against thf  actual settlers he does, not
recoiiect of any complaints being entered, except against
Scroggms, (who I, the said deponent, believed was at that
time a settler in that settlement, and who had acted as agent
for Luther Blake,) John D. Howell, and Fanning, against
each of whom there was great complaint; but it was said
it was Scioggins who had tiansacted the business. The
settlers, as lar ab I could afcettam, had come in possession
as lair and honoiable purchasers, fiom those who held cer-
tificates or bonds of puicha^c. They geneially attended
in a body at the examinations; and 1 was pleased to find that,
although the poor lichees and other Indians had been most
outrageously plundered of their lands, yet no part ol the
odium'could justly attach to the settleis m that vicinity."
But, not to spend too much time in speaking
of the origin of this war, 1 will pass on. These
frauds having been thus committed on the In-
dians, and they having been deprived of their
lands and ancient hunting-grounds, were driven to
a state of starvation; and while in this condition
they broke out in an open war. I say " war,"
because gentlemen will perceive that the effort
now is to prove that there was no war. They do
not claim that if there was a war, these claimants
would have a right to compensation; but they
claim that, there having been no war, they are en-
titled to be remunerated for the losses they sus-
tained during the disturbance with those Indians.
Mr. SHORTER. In this case I contend that
even admitting there was a war, it was the duty
of the Government to have ptovided, in a subse-
quent treaty with the Indians, for indemnity to
the citizens of Alabama for the losses sustained
by them.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will speak
to that point directly, and will inquire what in-
demnity the United States could have obtained
from these poor Indians, who had been robbed
of everything? War broke out in 1836, on the
2d day of May, as the proof will show. The first
scalp, it is said, was taken on the 2d of May, and
there was a general outbreak on the 9th of May.
Now, it is alleged by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, that it was the duty of the Government to
have prevented these outrages and this outbreak,
for he will not have it a war. Well, I admit that
it is the duly of the Government to protect its
citizens always, when it can do so. I will show
that the Government was not derelict in this case;
for I find that m this \ery month of May, during
which this outbreak occurred, Congress appro-
priated $500,000 to put down this very war. And
yet it ia claimed now that it was not a war. I
find, too, that this sum was but a mete drop in
the bucket of all the expenses incurred in putting
an end to this war.
Mr. SHORTER. The gentleman is evidently
confounding the struggle with the Creek Indians
with the Seminole war, which was in progress at
the same time. It was a party of the Creeks who
were going to join the Seminoles, that burned the
town of Roanoke. The Commissioner of Pen-
sions decided that these difficulties with the Creek
Indians were not a war, so as to entitle the party
engaged in them to land wairants; and that war
was not commenced till these Indians joined the
Seminoles.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I may be
mistaken in saying that this appropriation of
$500,000 was made for that Creek war. I have
sent for the statute, however, and will soon know
whether I am mistaken or not.
President Jackson, in his message, December,
1837, says that this outbreak was unexpected.
How, then, could this Government have been
more prompt than it was,—voting, almost imme-
diately, liberal supplies of money and of men to
suppress the outbreak ? In the very clause of his
message, in which this commission was recom-
