134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
the Black Hawk war of 1832, report: That they have taken
into consideration the resolution, and have examined both
into the nature and extent of the depredations committed
Upon the property of citizens of the United States, residing
principally in the State of Illinois. The claims, for the pay-
ment pf winch a general law is no.w asked to be passed,
have been, in a great measure, specifically brbught before
Congress and rejected. An adverse report on these claims
was submitted at"the first session of the Twenty-Foui th
Congress, winch "was sustained by the House, thereby re-
jecting the claims now sought to be revived and diaparged.
The committee have been tarnished, by the Indiairbureau,
with abstracts of a great number of these claims. The ab-
stracts are predicated upon the report of a commission
organized under the direction of General Atkinson in Jan-
uary, 1833. The commissions s, Captain Palmer and Wil-
liam Hempstead, Esq., were charged with the duty of < col-
lecting, adjusting, and examining all outstanding chums
arising from the movements of the mihtia and Iricndly In-
dians called into service55 during the spring and summer of
1832. Ail the claims on file m the Indian bureau, (and
your committee are satisfied that they embrace all contem-
plated in the lesolution which is the occasion of this inves-
tigation,) though presented to and received by the commis-
sioners, weie not within the limits of their instructions, and
were consequently disallowed. This decision of the com-
missioner?', which was approved by the Indian bureau, it
is not pretended, violated any light of the claimants under
existing Jaws or the unifoim practice of the Government.
Should Congress now inteipose a remedy, and pay that cla&s
of claims to which the resolution refeis? Your commntce
think not. The depredators (the Sac and Fox Indians)
were at war with the United States. Soon after the com-
mencement of hostilities, the inhabitants on the Indian
frontier abandoned their homes, ciops, and propcity, and
sought safety by retreating into the den ei white settlements.
It is alleged by some of the claimants that their aiw-nce
from home, occasioned by apprehetiMons oUlanger fiom the
Indians, pievented them harvesting their growing ciop*;
tome as>k repaiation because they weie prevented (torn the
same cause, rilling their ciops; aod others found their claims
upon the seizure and appropriation of their personal prop
erty by the hostile savages. Is there anything peculiar m
this state of the facts which should autliowze and requite
the Governments pay foi these teal and speculative lo^e^s >
The rule which has been uniformly punned by this Gov-
ernment towaids its citizens, is to pay only huch Io->se-< as
were occasioned by the action or authonty or its own offi-
cers. Foi example: if the building of a citizen are occu-
pied by troop*, and are destroyed by the enemy on account
of such occupancy, the Government will indemnity; but
for casualties arising in the progress of the war from the
action of the enemy,orthe citizen himself, to his propeiiy,
no indemnity has been made, whether the enemy wa-. while
or red; and it would be, m the judgment of'vmi com-
mittee, highly inexpedient to change the tule. War is ca
lamitous to the Government as well as to the citizen ; and
if the former should attempt, in addition to the support of
armies and navies, to indemnity the citizen for eveiy per
sonal loss, positive and mediate, it would entail a most j
burdensome public debt, to be only dischaiged in national
bankruptcy. Every citizen eneounteis a slfaie of the sue
rifice of a national war, and it would nor he just to tax ail
to relieve fium that sacrifice a few whose losses mny he
susceptible of ascertainment, when i he great iua«s have been
equal sufferers, lemotely, if not directly.
Your committee, being satisfied that any legislation upon
the subject is inexpedient, a*k to be discharged lioin the
further consideration of said lesolution.
That, Mr. Chairman, is one of the precedents
to which 1 wish to call the attention of the com-
mittee. It is directly in point. That case is this
case. And here I wish to say that I do not pre-
tend to claim that the Government is not bound
to pay for property which it takes from private
citizens for public use. That is conceded; and if
property was taken from citizens of Alabama for
the public use, which has not been paid for, frame
a bill to cover such a case and I will vote for it;
but I will vote for no such bill as this.
I now refer to another casein the history of the j
Government; the case of Daniel Smith, of the j
State of Tennessee, reported upon by the Com- !
mittee of Claims in 1800. It wets a claim for prop-
erty destroyed or stolen by the Indians; and the
committee use this language:
" Your committee have seriously considered the punoi-
ples upon which the claim of the memoualist is founded,
and lamentsersou-ly hi^> loss; but knowing that an immense
number of the citizens of the United Siat^« have been plun-
dered of property to a very gi eat anionnr, both by Innd and
sea, in the same imwartatitable manner: and behevmu the
whole revenue of the United State* would seaiceiy he com
mensurate to meet the demand o! applicants in -imilai canc^,
should compensation be made in tins, the committee ai e of
opinion it would be inexpedient to open so ccterwve a held,
and therefore that the piayer of the memorialist cannot be
granted."
If it was inexpedient at that time, when there
were comparatively few claims, how much more
inexpedient is it now, after we have had numer-
ous wars—a war with Great Britain, wars with
the Indians, and a war with Mexico; and when
the amount of claims which would be brought for-
ward if you establish this principle would ex-
haust the entire resources of the Government?
Another case to which I would advert is that
of the citizcns of Detroit, who petitioned for
redress for the destruction of their property at
the time of the surrender Detroit by Hull. By
the terms of the capitulation they were to be pro-
tected in their persons and property, but no soon-
er had they capitulated than the Indians were
turned loose, and their property destroyed. They
have petitioned repeatedly to be compensated, and
it. has been alleged that it was the duty of this
Government toinsist upon compensation from the
British Government at the time of making the
treaty of peae'e, but that, not having performed
that duty, it devolved upon the Government to
make good their losses. Congress took an oppo-
site view. Mr. Adams, who negotiated the treaty,
says this claim was insisted on; but that it was
abandoned for the reason that, had it been further
insisted on, it would have prolonged the war.
I find another case referred to in the reportofMr.
Whittlesey, made in 1838. The case occurred
as far back as 1815. The Territory of Missis-
sippi memorialized Congress for compensation
for losses incurred in a similar manner, as the
losses now under consideration. The claim was
rejected.
Mr. Whittlesey also refers to a report made
in 1821, in the case of Mr. House, which can
be found in the American State Papers, volume
Claims, page 8)3. It was a case of great hard-
ship; but depending upon a similar state offacts,
it was rejected. The report says:
"The suffeiings of the petitioner it is admitted present
<?tion<r rlaim^ upon our sympatme« ; but they are common
to many otheis upon whom like cruelties have been prac-
ticed by the Indians. If the pte?>ent claim be allowed,
otlieM of a Similar ch.irac.tei cannot, with piopiiety, be le-
jeeted. Allow disclaim and a principle is established which
makes* the Government responsible lor all outrages which
have been, or may be, committed by a savage enemy upon
the peinouv or pioperrv of our citizens ; a principle, in the
estimation of youi committee, destructive to the resources
of the nation.
Mr. DOWDELL. The cases are very differ-
ent. In this case, the property destroyed was
. destroyed by the friendly Indians, who were en-
! listed it) behalf of the Government to put down
! the hostile Indians.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Wisconsin. On that
question, I have one or two remarks to make. It
is claimed—and probably claimed truly, and I
will not question the fact—that these parties did
sustain losses by depredations committed by the
Indians in the service of theGovernment; forGen-
eral Jcsup took some fifteen hundred friendly In-
dians into the service of the Government, and au-
thorized them to seize any plunder that belonged
to the hostiles; and it is alleged that they over-
stepped his restrictions, and destroyed property
belonging indiscriminately to the whites and to
the hostile Indians; and it is alleged that it was
not in the power of the officers to restrain them.
It is not pretended that thete is any proof here in
this volume (Report No. 127) going to show that
any particular portion of the property that goes
to make up these claims w,as used by thefriendly
i Indians, or by the Government of the United
| States. There is no proof to show that any part
j of these claims is made for property destroyed by
j fuendly Indians.
j Mr. LEITER. Will the gentleman allow me?
I Mr. WAyHiiCJRN, of Wisconsin 1 decline
! to be interrupted. The duty of the Government
] to compensate persons for the losses of property
[ was very fully discussed in 1815, at the close of
| the war with Great Britain; and the result of that
; was the passage of the act of 1816, which pre-
f scribed a certain c'ass of eases where the Gov-
; ernment would pay for losses: and none of these
claims come within the provisions of that act.
There are also the Indian intercourse acts, which
govern the Government in its intercourse with
Indians, and under which the Government com-
pensates individuals for property destroyed by
fiiendly Indians. The reason of that law is, to
prevent our citizens from avenging their own
wrongs, and taking justice into their own hands.
We agree that if a friendly Indian wanders out
of the limits of his territory, or reservation, and
commits depredations on our citizens, we will see
our citizens compensated, either by deductions
from the annuities of the Indian tribe, or in some
other way. But the Indian intercourse act has
no beaung on this case. The whole thing comes
down to this: was there a war? I believe that it
will not be pretended by any man that we are
bound to pay the losses sustained during a war.
Those are losses which every citizen takes the
risk of. Now, I maintain that there was a war.
All the proof goes to sustain that position. It is
an afterthought to say that there was no war.
When the Legislature of Alabama memorialized
Congress, they called it a war; when her citizens
memorialized Congress, they spoke of it as " a
cruel war." But, when Mr. Whittlesey makes
his report, and shows that if it was a war, the
claimants cannot recover, then they turn round
and say it was no war; and Mr. Dixon H, Lewis
writes a letter controverting the position that it
was a war.
He says, in a letter to C. A. Harris, then Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs:
I regret that the Secretary of War does not think proper
to recommend, in the report m which he is to submit to
Congress, the result of the investigation of the commis-
sioners, the payment for the property destroyed."
Mr. Poinsett, the Secretary of War, would not
recommend the payment of these claims; and
Mr. Lewis, who was a Representative in Con-
gress from Alabama, regretted it. He says:
" You will see that the main objection to indemnity rests
on the fact that the depredations being committed dunng a
state ot actual war, it was not sn accordance with the pol-
icy of the Government to indemnify the suffereis." *
* * * " One of my main objects in getting an
apptopriation fur the commission was to prove that it never
was a geneial war with the Creek tribe." * * *
" The commissioners charged with the inquiry as to i what
portion of the Creek tube were engaged in hostilities,'have,
to my suijuise, leported that a large m-jordy were engaged
in such depredations."
On seeing the effect of the first declaration that
there was war, they attempted to controvert that
statement; but the commissioners reported that a
large majority of the tribe were engaged in hos-
tilities. They took testimony on that point. And
heie I wish to call the attention of the committee
to the language of the act under which these com-
missioners were sent out, because it is contended
now that that act pledges the Government to pay
these claims. What is the language of the act?
" That the sum ot $5,000 be, and is hereby, appiopiiated
to enable the President of the United State>, by suitable
agents, to inquire what depredations were committed by
the Seminole and Creek Indians on the pioperty of citizens
of Flouda, Georgia, and Alabama, immediately before the
commencement of actual hostilities on the paitof said re-
spective tribes of Indians ; what amount of depredations
were committed during the pendency of said hostilities;
what poition of the Creek tribe weie engaged in such hos-
tilities, and what depredations have been committed by a
remnant of said tribe, supposed to be friendly, and a part of
whom were actually employed against the Seminoles, since
the removal of the mam body of them west of the Missis-
sippi; and that the President repoit the information so ac-
quired to Congress at its next session: Provided, Nothing
heiembefore contained shall be so construed as to subject
the United States to pay for depredations not provided for
by the act of April 9,1816, and the acts amendatory thereto,
nor by acN legulating the inteicouise between the Indian
tribes and thoUnited St;ite3."'
It is expressly declared by this act that the Gov-
ernment does not mean to recognize the right of
these people to call on it for anything that does
not come within the provisions of the act of 1816,
or of the Indian intercourse acts. "Rut now we are
gravely told, that by sendingout that commission
the Government pledged itself to pay these claims.
I would inquire of the gentleman who made this
report, at what time before this was a favorable
report on these claims made by a committee of
this House, as this report, I think, alleges there
has been? I want to be informed when such re-
port was made, and by whom ? The bill, I know,
has passed the Senate once or twice, and was
unanimously reported last Congress by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs in this House.
Mr. WOODSON. In reply to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, I would say that that statement
in the report is an error. I meant it to refer to
the Senate, and it was inadvertently made to refer
to the House.
Mr. WASHBURN,of Wisconsin. Itappears,
then, that this is the first report made in its favor
in this House, although it has been twenty years
and upwards before Congress. On looking over
the discussion that took place on this subject in
the Senate last session, I find that a Senator from
Arkansas states that this is an old acquaintance
of his; that it was before his committee when he
was upon the Committee on Indian Affairs in the
House; but that it never received favorable con-
sideration. This is the first time, I repeat, that
it has ever been favorably reported upon in this
House, although there have been, perhaps, but
one or two formal reports against it; but it has
been rejected repeatedly, as it was during the last
Congress.
