THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS^ CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. Q.t
Thirty-Fifth C%ngress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1859.
New Series....No. 77.
intended, as I understood then, by the establish-
ment of that assay office. Now, the distinguished
Senator from.New York, [Mr.Seward,]in whom
I believe so much that 1 can hardly believe or
imagine that he ever does anything wrong, has
certainly made some mistakes in his arithmetic.
He tells us it requires a dollar for every thousand
of gold which is carried from the city of New
York to the city of Philadelphia, and, by infer-
ence, he leads us to imagine that it would require
another dollar upon each thousand to carry it
back.
Mr. SEWARD. Oh, no; that is both ways.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, I will take it both
ways, and meet it upon that ground. Now, the
gold which comes into the city of New York is
not intended to be used altogether in New York.
It is brought there as a commodity of trade, just
as so much wheat, or so many bushels of pota-
toes, or so many dollars'worth of any other agri-
cultural product, are brought into New York. It
is money when it gets the stamp of the Govern-
ment upon it. It requires to go to the Mint and
receive that stamp. Well, sir, suppose I arrive
in New York, from one of the California ^earn-
ers, with $100,000 of gold, which I'require to re-
ceive that stamp, I have no means of taking care
of it in New York, and I must go to Philadelphia
to deposit it at the Mint and get my certificate.
It costs me three dollars to take myself and my
baggage with me to Philadelphia. My baggage
is the gold which I carry. When it gets to Phila-
delphia, it is not necessary that it should be car-
ried back; but it is there in the depository of the
Government. My draft upon that is better than
gold. I may go to the extreme ends of the earth;
and wherever I go, my draft, properly certified
upon the depository of the Government of the
United States, is better than the gold which is
there; so that it really requires nothing to carry
it back to New York.
But, Mr. President, if it required that trans-
portation which the Senator from New York
speaks of, then it proves the error which was
committed in establishing that assay office, be-
cause the gold is the property of individuals, not
of the Government; and why shall a man, going
to New York, charge the Government a dollar
upon every thousand of gold that he has to^take ,
to Philadelphia, in order to have it coincd ? There
is no necessity for that. It is his property, not ,
the Government's. The Government is not asked
to pay that. That is the way I look at It. I am a
practical man. I know nothing of theories, but I
know something about currency, and I krtow
something about exchanges; and I believe that a^
dollar deposited a,ny where, with the stamp of the
Government of these United States, is to me a
dollar in any part of the world.
Having said this much, it is only necessary to
say that I do not want to interfere with whatNew
York has there. They have got an assay office,
and ihoy ought to be content with it, and thank
God they have got it; because I believe, if the
subject had been properly i n vesl igated, they never
would have got it. I am glad to hear the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] talk about poor men.
I thought there were no poor men down South.
I thought they all belonged to the North. It is
the first time 'in my legislative experience that 1
ever heard a man from the South talk about poor
men and industrious men, and the injustice done
to them. I thank God there has been a change
down South, and that they begin to talk a4?out
the laboring men, the men who do the work, as
^proper objects for the care of the Government. I
do not know anything about those little mints in
Georgia and North Carolina; but they do not cost
mue.h, and I would let them have them; I would
let them keep them all around, and if they want
more of them, let us give them. Senators from
that region will not give us protection for iron;
but we in the North, Pennsylvania particularly,
are willing to assist everybody. We look upon
this country as a great family, cach otale ot which
is entitled to our aid, and we are willing to give
it to them. I will help Georgia, and 1 will help
77
South Carolina, and even help Louisiana; I be-
lieve they are interested in this subject. I take
it for granted thatkindnessbegets kindness. After
we have been civil to them, they will be very
likely to be civil to us.
Mr. GWIN. It is perfectly evident that we
cannot get through with this bill to-night, and I
therefore move to proceed to the consideration of
executive business. ["Oh, no."] Wehavesome
-very important business to transact in executive
session.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the vote will be
taken.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the vote.
We can get through with the bill very soon now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) Does the Senator-from California
make a motion for an executive session?
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw it for the present, to
see if we can get through with the bill.
Mr. TOOMB£>. This argument has taken a
very wide range, and I desire very briefly to bring
it down to the point involved, without having
anything complicated with it. The Constitution
gives power to Congress to coin money, and to
regulate the value thereof. It is the business of
the Government to make establishments forcoin-
ing money. The Congress has claimed, under the
Constitution, the exclusive manufacture of gold ■
and silver into money, and stamping it, because it j
is that stamp which gives it value in the United j
States. It can give it value nowhere else, as the j
Senator from Pennsylvania has erroneously sup- j
posed. It gives it a fixed value here, but nowhere
else. Our stamp hurts it in any part of the world; '
instead of being a benefit it is injurious to it.
In exercising this duty to coin money and reg-
ulate the value thereof we must fix establishments j
for coinage at points most convenient to the great- j
est number of people. That is the only sound j
principle—not to maintain paupers either in Geor- I
gia or New York, rich men or anybody else—but j
to exercise the power in such manner as shall be ;
most convenient to the greatest number of peo- i
pie. When the Mint was established at Phila- :
delphia, that was the commercial and financial
center of the country. The most of the imports
were there, and therefore our financial operations
were at Philadelphia. In the course of years the
imports were transferred to New York, and-
therefore New York became the great financial
center. It is the financial and commercial center
of the country to-day. There is no reason why ; j
the Mint should be carried to the place where the ||
gold comes from. That is not the rule. The gold j
of California goes to New York simply because :
the Government have established a line of steam- ;
ers from New York to California. If you had ,
established a line to New Oileans it would have ,
gone there, and that probably will be the result j
in three or four years. The gold might have j
gone to the financial center, either in a raw state
or stamped; I do not know which. j
1 do not think we should consider the conse-
quence as affecting New \ork; and this question [
is not to be looked at with a view of its couse- |
quences anywhere. The true rule was that which , j
was adopted in Philadelphia, that, as that was the ; j
financial as well as the commercial center of the (i
country, the Mint should be there. That is now j
changed; and if the advantages were sufficient y j
great to change it, it ought to he in New ,j
As a new question, I would put it there; ®pd *■ j
would put it there not as a new question. Upon
the whole, it is the best place for it. The rtnc :j
which induced the establishment of the Mint at \
Philadelphia is the one which has been adopted
in nearly all countries. Take England, for ex- j
ample: "Londo-u being" the financial center, they
have their mint there, and but one. France has !
but one. I think most countries have but one
mill*., and that is established m their own finan-
cial centers, which are generally their capitals;
but, on account of the large extent of our coun-
try we have no common financial center, lhis
business of coining silver is generally done at the j
centers of large portions of the Union. San r ran-
cisco is the great financial and commercial center
of the Pacific coast. There is good reason, prob-
ably, and it is safe in us, in so vast a country, to
consult these differentfinancial-centers; and, there-
fore, New York, New Orleans, ana San JVan-
cisco, are three places where there ought t(e be
mints, and there I would go to put them; and
hence I do not concur in this amendment. I do
not think the reasons given for it are good.
Upon the question of economy, I will retrench
large abuses or small ones. I will abolish any
expense where there is no corresponding benefit
to the Government, no corresponding benefit to
the people. That is what I object to. I refused
to spend §500,000 for the improvement of Buffalo
harbor, though I have no doubt it was important
to the people of Buifalo, both the poor and the
rich; bfecause I have no right to spend .the money
of the whole United States for the benefit of a
particular locality, neither for the rich nor poor.
For this reason, I voted to abolish the mint'at
Dahlonega, in my own State, and the one in North
Carolina. The amendment to strike them out
was founded upon sound principles, and 1 have
voted to strike them out the rather because they
were at home. I do not want a dollar of the pub-
lic money expended in the State of Georgia. If
you are going to spend money wrongfully, if y;ou
are going to spend money profligately, I wish
you to do it anywhere else but withii^the limits
of my own State.
' Mr. HUNTER. I hope that the question will
now be t ken. There seems to be an anxiety to
close up the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to ask for the yeas
and nays upon the amendment; and I will barely
say to the Senator from Georgia, that h.is princi-
ples, if carried out, must abolish the Mint at Phil-
adelphia or New York. I agree that we do not
need them both. So far as they are concerned, I
would prefer to strike out the Mint at Philadel-
phia. That will raise another question. As the
Mint is there, however, !■ think it clear that we
do not need an assay office at New York.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know what its pur-
port is; but the honorable Senator from North
Carolina has given notice that if this amendment
prevails, he will endeavor to strike down the cus-
tom-house officers in the city of Albany.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I spoke of the interior
custom-bouses. I am against the whole system.
Mr. SEWARD. I have only to say that the
honorable Senator can go on and cut down the
salaries of custom-house officers, and all other
functionaries of the Government, as liberally and
aq largely as he pleases. It is the first time m my
experience that 1 have had any reason to suppose
that any member of the Senate of the United
States could suppose the State of New York
would, in any degree, be affected in its feelings,
its view?, or its principles, by the patronage of
the Federal Governnfent which might be bestowed
upon it. ,
Mr. PUGH. I intend to vote for this amend-
ment, and do not intend to stand upon any rea-
sons which the Senator from New York has
thrown out. The simple question, as the Sen-
ator from Georgia has stated, is, does this estab-
lishment pay the Government 'for its expenses.
If it does not, I do not care where "it is located,
, . . i. _ -lK7"Kot is if. for ? It IS
it ought to be abokshed. What lsitfo''
not a mint; it is an assay office. What do they
do? The Senator, says they take the gold and
put it into bullion. What then ? They export it
It is just for the accommodation of a parcel o.
traded in the city of New York. The great part
of it does not go into the circulation of this coun-
try. It is no benefit to the people at large. In-
stead of the gold coin which the Constitution pro-
vides, the State of New York, and a few other
States of this Union, have issued counterfeit paper
money to supersede it. If you act upon the prin-
ciple that wherever a man has got bullion or gold
dust you must coin it for him, you oughtto have
a mint at every cross-road. Theargument is just
