1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
Mr. G! DDINGS. I wish to say that I believe [j
that, in I'vcry instance where this claim was be- ji
fore the Committee of Claims, it was rejected. It j!
never received the assent of a majority of that
committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I suppose
we shall hear now from the Committee on Indian
Affairs. The question is, was this a war? I ask
the gentleman from Alabama, who has inferrup ted
mc, whether it is not true that these same claim-
ants have ail applied for bounty land warrants,
claiming that they served in a war with the Creeks,
and whether they have not all received bounty
land warrants for their services ?
Mr. COBB. I will answer the gentleman. In
consequence of the decision of the Department
that this was not a w«r, the bill has been modified
so as to say " hostilities." [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. In answer j
to that, 1 desire to call the attention of the House j
to a letter of Hon. A. A. FT. Stuart, Secretary of I
the Interior, addressed to Mr. Haralson, a mem- j
ber of this House from Georgia in 1851, in wiiicli ;
he decided that it was really an Indian war within j
the meaning of the act of September 28,1850, and j
that, therefore, these persons and the represent-
atives of such as were deceased, were entitled to !'
bounty land under the provisions of that law ;and >';
is a very extraordinary bill. The second section
provides:
'■Tlia> the Secretary of War be, and is hereby, authorized,
without regird to existing rules and requirements, to re-
ceive such evidence as-is on file in the Departments of the
Government, and any otlier proofs which may he offered
tending to establish the validity of the claims of the citizens
of Georgia and Alabama, as aforesaid, upon the United
States, or any part thereof, for losses as aforesaid."
I say that this is a very extraordinary provision.
Great as is the confidence I have in the present
Secretary of War, I have not that confidence in
him that I would be willing to give him the power
that this bill proposes to give him—a bill which
involves $1,200,000, if it ever gets to him for ad-
judication,and how much more God only knows;
for if the claims are good and should be allowed
at all, the claimants ought to be allowed interest ,j
from the time the depredations were committed; ;
if they ought to have been paid then, (and it is :
our fault that they were not paid,) theyshould be '
allowed interest up to this time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CRAWFORD obtained the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will my col-
league yield the floor to me?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will yield if my col-
league desires lo make any suggestion.
    Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Iwishtomove
i leorn that they got their bounty land, and nota ;! that the committee do now rise, in order that we
few of them either. If I am not mistaken, there
were some twelve thousand rank and file called
out to subdue forty or fifty hostile Indians. I
learn from a table at the Pension Office, that there
were twelve thousand four hundred and eighty-
three rank and file engaged in this " no war."
may close the debate upon this bill to-day.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have 110 objection to
that.
Mr. STANTON. I hope that will not be done
yet.
     , Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen
Mr.* DO WD ELL. ft was not known at that time ;j tleman permit this bill to be taken up on the next j
■whether or not the Creeks were in combination j1 private bill day? If that is the general undei- ;
with the Seminoles, who were engaged in a war, standing, I have no wisli to close the debate to- :
and a verv expensive war, too. These hostilities li day. I
of the Creeks were commenced by a portion of 'i Mr. STAiNTON. I have no power to agiee .
the tribe, and not by the whole tribe, or by au- !' to that for anybody else, although, so far as 1 am ,
thoritvofthe chiefs of the tribe; and a great many !i concerned, I have no objection to it. 1 will make ,
of those troops were called out before the extent 1 the suggestion that the committee rise, and that j
of the outbreak was known, m order to cut off '■ we limit the debate to fifteen or twenty minutes, :
' instead of allowing one hour. 1 hat would, per-j
haps, answer; but I should not be willing to be ;
cut down to the five minutes' debate. !
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 do not wish j
to cut off the debate upon this bill atall; but I am j
very anxious to have this special order executed, j
I will state to the House that m making this bill ,
a special order, the words "from day to day ;
until disposed of" were omitted by a mistake of '
If the committee will consent to the .
understanding I have suggested, I will not press
my motion.
Mr. STANTON. I have no control over that
matter.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Georgia insist on his motion ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Yes, sir; I
move that the committee do now rise,with a view
of closing the debate.
Mr. LEITER. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will withdraw that motion. I think it
is important that this bill should be further dis-
cussed. . .
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable. , ,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I make the
suggestion, then, that when the committee rises
tiles'evening the debate shall be clostd.
Mr. LETTER. That would hardly meet my
views. I feel disposed to follow the argument ot
the gentleman from Wisconsin, and I prefer that
the debate shall not be closed until I can see his
remarks m the Globe. I think that he has made
general and leading declarations that are unjusti-
fiable bv the facts that were presented to the
committee, and I should prefer that the debate
should not be closed until I can have an oppoi-
tunity of reading his remarks in the Giobe.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I desire to give
ample time for debate.
Mr. LOVEJOY. How long is this motion
that the committee rise to be discussed r
The CHAIRMAN. "Debate is not in order
the communication and prevent a connection be
tween the Florida Indians and the hostile Creeks.
The hostile portion of the Creeks did escape from
the Creek nation down into Florida, and join the
Seminoles, who were engaged m a war. But the
outbreak in the Creek nation could not have been
a war, because the majority of the tribe and the
authoiities of the tribe were in favor of the United
States, and did not participate in it. ,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I say that !> the Clerk
Sand warrants were issued to these men for their \
services in the " Creek war:" and other warrants ;l
were issued to soldiers for services m the "Florida
or Seminole war;" and those warrants show dis-
tinctly on their face which were issued for ser- :
vices in the Creek and which for services in the ,
Seminole war.
Mr. DOWDELL. Does the gentleman say :
that they show upon their face that they were is- ■
sued for services m the Creek war? If this were .
so, (which, if I remember rightly, is not the case,)
it would not prove, even in the opinion of the
Department, that a war existed at the time these
alleged depredations were committed,although it
terminated in a war afterwards, by a combination
of the hostile Creeks with the Seminoles.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If I am
correctly informed, the warrants state unon their
face that they were issued for services m the Creek
or in the Seminole war, as the case might be. Mr. :
Stuart stated that those who served m tile-Creek
war were entitled to bounty land, and that it was
a war within the purview 'of the act of 1850.
Now, in order to show what the passage of
this bill will lead to if you pass it, I will state that
when the ease was up in the Senate, an amend- !
irr'nt was offered bv Mr. Yulee; and he insisted, i
with ereat pertinacity, and no doubt with justice, ;
that the claims for winch it provided had just as I
much foundation as these claims of Alabama and j
Gfor^ia. That amendment provided forthe pay- f
for similar losses that occiuieu
\ eJ,pet S'Si"
ML Now\ [pn.%""ffUie House i.Uds to pass j; Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I withdraw my
this bill, to oiler an Mr"sHORTER. I desire the attention of the
stituents, who served in thi blue! ^ , ,} , m from Wisconsin, who addressed the
upon the same footing that tne^"zens of^>" < ;j fjouselast. I understood him, while addressing
moTlLtn Vworf in'regard to the bill itself. It 1. the House, to say that the people of Alabama had
fled from their homes in fear of the Indians,
thereby losing their property, and that they now
come before Congress to " ask pay for their
bravery 1" Did I understand the gentleman cor-
rectly ?
Mr .WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. Very likely
I may have used that language. Perhaps Ishould
have added, and for their losses, too. * '
Mr. SHORTER. So far as the declaration that
they come here asking "pay for tknr braverij" is't
concerned, I pronounce it false and slanderous.
[Cries of " Order !" "Order!"]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have no
doubt that the citizens of Alabama are brave; as
has been illustrated by their Representative here
to-day.
Mr. SHORTER. I can say nothing more to
the member from Wisconsin.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot permit
gentlemen to indulge in personalities. If he had
foreseen what would be the purport of the re-
marks of the gentleman from Alabama, he would
have at once called him to order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, it is with
very deep regret that I have just witnessed what
has transpired between my friend from Alabama
[Mr. Shorter] and the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Washburn;] for I know how easy it
is to excite in this body prejudices against a bill
because of a misunderstanding between gentle-
men representing different portions of the country.
But, sir, I beg of the committee to hear me with-*
out reference to anything of an unpleasant char-
, acter which may have occurred, and give to the
i persons claiming under this bill the full benefit of
| all the merits which it may possess.
j It is, as its title purports, a bill to provide for
; an examination and payment of the claims of cer-
, tain citizens of Georgia and Alabama who had
! property destroyed by the Creek Indians in 1836.
| These claimants for twenty years have asked of
Congress the settlement of their just demands
i against the Government. From time to time they
! have been deferred, sometimes from one cause,
! sometimes for another, and yet at no time has
payment been refused upon the ground that there
! was nothing due. Committees of the respective
! Houses have repeatedly reported in their favor,
\ and still the various bills have fallen between the
\ two Houses, or for want of time. We therefore
! come now, Mr. Chairman,at the first of the ses-
sion, with this bill, unanimously reported from
I i your Committee on Indian Affairs, and ask its eon-
:; sideration and passage to-day. I will not ask the
indulgence of the committee long, for the facts
i1 are few, and the principles upon which the par-
" ties rest their claims are clear. In 1832, all the
lands upon which the Creek nation held any claim,
east of the Mississippi river, were ceded to the
';i United States, and the only limit to that cession
[' was that chiefs and heads of families should have
!' certain reservations when the land was surveyed,
j: These were made and secured to them, and the
II treaty upon the part of the Government carried
P out in good faith.
j In 1834 land offices were opened, and the people
! invited to enter, and then settle upon these lands;
;j this was done, and, in fact, not only were the
I; public lands generally taken up, but nearly all
I > those reserved likewise; so that, in the year 1835,
| the settlement of the whites upon these purchases
i was large, though very much scattered. The In-
II dians had set apait for them, west of the Missis-
:! sippi, an equal quantity of the public domain to
I i that which they iiad ceded to us. The opening of
ii these iands to entry by the Government was but
i| an invitation to the people to purchase and oc-
!l cupy them; and they did so, relying upon the
:i good faith of the United States to protect them in
i their possession, and to allow no depredations
i to be committed upon their property. But, sir, the
' consequence was, that after the Indians had sold
i their lands, received and squandered their pay,
' a large number of them, being destitute of the
' means of support, began to rob and plunder the
; settlers; this at first was secretly done, but soon
I ill armed bands they openly traversed the country
! and at will appropriated to their own use what-
' soever they desired. The United States, instead
, of oiving protection to these people, had lemoved
' the^only body of troops which they had pre-
viously stationed in that country;and, by petition,
they appealed to the Governors of Georgia and
Alabama to preserve -their lives and property.
