136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
The Indian agent, who might possibly have ren-
dered the whites important service in this matter,
had been dispensed with; and their only hope of
safety was in flight from the country, and leaving
behind them their corn, meat, cattle, and growing
crops, at the mercy of these lawless savages. Very
many were killed in their attempted flignt, whilst
all had their stores of provisions robbed, and their
houses burned. Long after it was too late to
remedy the evil, Government troops reached the
nation, and suceecded in driving the Indians from
their swamps and hiding places, and at the same
time feeding the soldiery and friendly Creeks upon
whatsoever of provisions had not fallen into the
hands of the hostiles.
The result of these operations in the nation
only forced the Indians to seek a new field upon
whjch to destroy the property and spill the blood
of the white man. The open war then existing
between the Seminoles of Florida and the United
States offered them the opportunity desired, and
the only hinderance in the way of their accom-
plishing their object was a small body of Govern- j
ment troops which had taken possession of the ;
town of Roanoke, situated on the Chattahoochee |
river, for the purpose of intercepting their march ;
in that direction. Too well, however, did the j
Indians know our strength at that point; for, with !
a force sufficient to overpower our men, they en- j
tered and fired the town, murdering, indiscrimin- J
ately, all who could not escape theifcvengeance. j
"Soldier and citizen sought safety by flight to the
neighboring farms; but here they were pursued
and driven away, and the homes of these planters ,
laid waste. They destroyed everything which '
would incumber them in their march, and then, 1
through sparsely-populated districts, they took :
their way to the everglades of Florida. '
Having presented the facts, how stands the ob- !
ligation of the Government to these citizens for i
the payment of the losses sustained? .
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to vote for this bill :
if I can do so consistently, and 1 therefore wish j
to hear the explanation of the gentleman from 1
Georgia upon a point to which he was just now :
alluding. It is, whether the history of the dep- 1
redations which he has just related is not that !
which has characterized the proceedings prior to |
the breaking out of every Indian war in New j
York, in Ohio, and in every part of the country? j
Mr. LEITER. I am prepared to show that i
there is a marked difference, whenever I shall I
have the opportunity.
Mr. CRAWFORD. We hold that one of the '
first duties of the Government is to protect the i
citizen in the enjoyment of his property, and ;
more particularly that property which he holds ;
directly from the Government itself. This is a i
principle of law so generally acknowledged, that -
it is useless to argue it. The claimants refeired ;
to by this.bill are citizens; were occupying lands 1
which the United States Government had sold j
them; they were living where they had the un- !
questioned right to live; they were violating no |
law, cither of this Government or of the Creek ,
nation; as a necessary consequence, they were j
entitled to protection for their persons and their [
property. The Creek Indianshad parted with their !
general and their individual titles to all this tcr- i
ritory; as a nation they had obligated themselves !
to go west, and the whites, under such circum- \
stances, had procured titles and occupied the
country.
It must be remembered that the United States ■
troops which had formerly been stationed m the
Indian country had been removed by order of the
War Department, thereby depriving the settlers of ;
the only sure guarantee which they had against
Indian perfidy and atrocity. Theconsequences of ■
the removal have already been spoken of; and '!
whilst the Government cannot restore to life its ■!
murdered citizens, it can at least compensate for j
the actual losses sustained by them. Not only !
under the general right which the citizen has, that j
his property shall be protected, but also under 'j
the oct of 1834, these claimants are entitled to ,j
compensation fortheirlosses; not, I grant, under ;|
its letter, but under its spirit. it
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman is laying \
down a very correct rule;butl desire thathe shall j
turn his attention to the application of it. It is ,,
unquestionably the duty of the Government, in
the ordinary exercise of its functions, to protect ; j
its citizens. Now, I ask the gentleman if the !
rule was ever adopted in any Department of the
Government, by compensatingfor losses of prop-
erty in this way,and before the Government had
all proper and reasonable time to bring its forces
there for the protection of citizens and property?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio if he approves of the principles laid down
in the act of 1834, in regard to the intercourse
between the whites and Indians?
Mr. GIDDINGS. If the gentleman will spe-
cify any particular part of it, I will give a defi-
nite answer.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is this:
" That if any Indians belonging to a tribe in amity with
the United States, shall, wiihin the 'Indian countiy,5 on
passing from the 4 Indian country' into any State or Terri-
tory inhabited by citizens of the United States, take and
destroy their propeity, the owners of said property shall
make claim to the supenntendent or Indian agent, who,
upon due proof of the loss, shall, under the direction of
the President, apply to the tribe for satisfaction; and if
such satisfaction be not made within twelvemonths, the
same shall be icported to the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, that such steps *ha!l bo taken as shall be pioper to
obtain satisfaction ; and, in the mean time, in respect to
the propeity so taken, stolen, or destroyed, the United
States guaranty to the paity somjuied an eventual indem-
nification."
After describing what shall be Indian country,
it then provides that if any Indians belongingto
a friendly tribe shall destroy property, either in
the IiTdian country or in passing from it into any
j State or Territory inhabited by citizens of the
J United States, the owners of such property shall,
| upon proof of the loss, under the direction of the
j President, apply to the tribe for satisfaction, and,
I in the mean time, the United States guaranty the
| parties an eventual indemnification.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I yield that a most hearty
assent.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Thegenileman from Ohio
says he approves the principles laid down in that
law. I now say to htm, and to the House, that
although the letter of the law does not cover the
claims we bring to the House, yet its principle
does. It is true that most of these losses were
sustained in Georgia and Alabama; but the In-
dians were occupying their country, and it was
no part of the duty of these States to remove them
from it. Had these depredations been commit-
ted by Indians west of the Mississippi, the claim-
ants would have been paid long years ago; but
payment is withheld because they (lid not occur
in what is known technically as <c Indian coun-
try." The friends of this bill admit that, under
the act of 1834, this was not Indian country; but
they do say, that if the presence of the whole
tribe and their occupancy of the lands ever makes
Indian country, then this was venly so, indeed.
If the payments made be just under the act of
1834, then they are just under this bill; and if
Congress did right in passing that law, then Con-
gress ought to pass this.
It was under this view, no doubt, that General
Jackson, m December of this same year, says to
Congress that provision should be made for in-
demnifying the owners of property which had
been taken for public use, and suggests that relief
should also be rendered for depredations com-
mitted by these Indians. Congress, whether con-
curring in that view or not, appropriated a sum
of $5,000 to cover the expense of a suitable com-
mission to examine into the depredations com-
mitted and report the same to Congress. The
commissioners discharged that duty, and ascer- ,
tained that $1,272,000 was the amount claimed to j
be due; but the amount allowed was only $349,000; '
reducing in every instance the sum claimed one i
third, and in some eases ono half. The Govern-
ment, after sending out this commission, has only
paid one of the sufferers, and his claim had been
transferred to the State of Georgia, or that would
never, perhaps, have been paili. It may be in- ;
sisted that the Government cannot undertake to
pay for losses sustained by the citizen when a
state of war exists; but let it be remembered that
no war was ever declared by the Creek nation
against the whites. These depredations were
committed by comparatively small bands of dis-
satisfied Creeks, who were also hostile to a ma- 1
jority of their tribe, and determined never to
emigrate to the country assigned them.
And it is just at this point in the history of
these troubles that a misunderstanding arises as
to the hostilities, whether it was a war or not. It
was not known definitely, at first, how far this ;
hostile state of feeling existed; but was in the end 1
well known that at no time was a majority en-
gaged in it. It was undoubtedly a war the very
moment these hostile Creeks ageed to join Osce-
ola in his rebellion.
The question then made is, will the Govern-
ment, after having; treated for these lands and the
removal of the Indians, after having sold the same
to its citizens, permit a portion of the tribe to dis-
regard the treaty, violate its obligations, murder
the settlers, destroy their property, and then re-
fuse to allow compensation or give redress? When
these claimants ask the Government to withhold
annuities due the Creeks, they are met with the
response that that can only be done when war
has existed or the depredations have been com-
mitted in the Indian country proper. Thus it is,
in the first place, they are denied payment because
the whole tribe did not engage in the hostilities;
and in the second, because of alegaltechnicality.
In no event, however, can a portion of these
claims be denied payment; because the records
of the War Office show that such destruction of
pVoperty as occurred in Georgia was induced by
the occupation of it by your troops; and that, too,
after the hostile Creeks had accepted the invitation
of the Seminoles to unite with them in their open
war against the United States. Such were the
losses at Roanoke, and in the adjacent country;
all of which this Government is in good faith
bound to refund.
Mr. STANTON. I do not propose, Mr. Chair-
man, to occupy the time of the committee long.
If we were now about to settle the question as"a
new question as to how far the Government is
responsible for Indian depredations, it would be
a very different question from the one that is pre-
sented to the House. There may be an abstract
claim of justice on the part of the Government to
protect its citizens against the invasions of Indian
tubes or foreign enemies; but, sir, if [ understand
it, this Government has long since fixed the prin-
ciples upon which it will recognize its liability to
the citizens of the country for depredations either
by Indians or by a foreign enemy. The question,
as a matter of necessity, was presented at the
close of the war of 1612, when the depredations
of the foreign enemy were so extensive that in-
demnity to citizens was a matter of absolute im-
possibility. Congress passed a law in 183G, pre-
scribing the principle upon which this Govern-
I merit would hold itself hound to its citizens.
I it may be said, in general terms, that where the
| losses happened in consequence of the act of
the Government in taking possession of private
| property, the Government is responsible for
| making compensation; but in cases where claims
; have been made for the immense losses in conse-
quence of a public enemy passing through the
! country, destroying whatever propeity might ft 11
j m its way, the Government has always disclaimed
j any obligation to its citizens.
Again: the Government has, as I understand
it, uniformly repudiated any liability on account
of depredations made by lawless individuals upon
its citizens, whether they be Indians, citizens,or
foreigners, white or black, no matter of what color,
condition, or country. Neither the United States
nor any State recognizes its liability to make good
the depredations committed by lawless persons.
Acting, then, upon this principle, an immense
amount of private property has been destroyed
upon our frontier settlements in all parts of the
country in the southwest and in the northwest.
Wherever the frontier settlements have extended
and encroached upon the Indian tribes, collisions
have happened and property has been destroyed;
butthe Government has at {ill times refused to rec-
ognize its liability to persons whose property has
thus been destroyed. I know that such was the
fact in the early settlement of that portion of the
country which I represent, some twenty-five or
thirty yea: s ago,when the Indians were still in that
country. There was a constant destruction of the
property of the whites by the Indians, and as con-
stant refusal by the Government to hold itself lia-
ble for the property thus destroyed.
Hence, Mr. Chairman, I am wholly at a loss
to perceive any distinction between this case and
any of the ordinary cases of collision which have
arisen upon our frontier settlements between the
Indian and white population, immediately pre-
ceding oi immediately following a general out-
break of hostilities. I say if there is anything
else here, I am utterly at a loss to comprehend it.
