1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
as good for every twenty men in California as-
sembled around the gold placers as those who
meet in thacity of New York. This Government
established the Mint at Philadelphia because it
was the seat of Government at that time. That
■was the reason.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me a moment, I wish to ask him does he suppose
that the Government assayed this gold at New
York gratis?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the Senator know
whether or not the assay duty does not pay the
expenses of the assay office of New York?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think it does not.
Mr. PUGH. I am pretty certain it does not,
from the appropriations in this bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. "Why, they say they have
got a surplus there.
Mr. PUGH. To what do they apply it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. They propose to build a
mint with the surplus saved.  
Mr. PUGH. I venture to say, there is no sur-
plus there, or anywhere else. We understand
that here. I judge from the appropriations made
by this bill, including the sum of $10,000 for
carrying bullion from New York to Philadelphia
to be coined. That is a pure outgoing of money
from the Treasury.
The Mint was established at Philadelphia, be-
cause that was the seat of Government. It ought
to be at Washington City, in my judgment. It
ought to be here, that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Treasurer of the United States could
control it, and see that it was rightly conducted;
but we left it at Philadelphia when we moved the
seat of Government, because we could not go to
the expense of erecting buildings here. It answers
the purpose. It is quite sufficient for tdl the gold
coined this side of the Rocky Mounrains; and
this establishment in New York—I do not care
whether the Senators from that State find it con-
venient or not—is for no purpose but to expend
the public money in a particular neighborhood.
New York is a great State. She has a great rep-
resentation; she has great influence; and when
this large division of tho public money comes on,
she generally gets the lion's share.
Now, 1 said, that the striking out of these Car-
olina and Georgia mints was the small part of the
business; but I am satisfied, from the heat dis-
played to-day, that the knife has been put to the
right place in regard to the whole of these mints.
If you arc going upon fair and economical prin-
ciples, appropriating in this department only what
the Government requires, I am with you to the
last extent; and if you find any places 111 my State
that the Government do not want, I will be obliged
to you to abolish them. 1 am not certain that I
would not abolish all the officers of the Federal
Government in my State to-day—the whole of
them. I do not think they do us any good, and'we
da not want them. But I think this establishment
ought to be suppressed; and if we go upon sound
principles, it will be suppressed. If you do not,
if there is a division of the public money for the
purpose of supporting office-holders, I think these
half dozen people in North Carolina and Georgia
are quite as meritorious as the people of New
York, and do not get one tenth part of The public
money. As I said before, if this amendment be
rejected, I shall move to reconsider the other one,
in relation to the mints at Dahlonega and Char-
lotte.
Mr. SIMMONS. I voted to strike out the ap-
propriations for the mints at the South, simply
because I supposed that the circumstances which
induced Congress to establish them had ceased to
exist. If there had been a reasonable amount of
gold to be assayed there, and the expenditures
were not so heavy, as compared with the amount
coined, I would very cheerfully have voted to
keep them up.
I think this proposition to strike out the sala-
ries of the assay office has no possible connection
with the question of coining money in the State
of Georgia or the State of North Carolina. This
notion that the identical people who are engaged
in the pursuit of digging gold and carrying it to
the mints, are to pay all the expenses, is a very
mistaken notion, in my judgment. Why do we
not require the people who are injured by those
who are engaged in counterfeiting coin in the
country, to pay the expense of guarding the pub-!
lie against the annoyance of such villains ? It
would be just as proper for us to do that, as to
require the people who dig gold and bring it into
the market, to pay the expense of prosecuting,
criminally, those who counterfeit the coin. This
coining of money is a great function of the Gov-
ernment. It is one of those functions which can-
not be done by anybody else. It is the duty of
the Government. It is for the protection of so-
ciety at large, and everybody is interested in hav-
ing it, carried out, no matter whether he digs gold
or not.
This assay office in New York, by which it is
stamped in bars, is a great saving to the whole
industry and productive labor of the country. If
we should coin it, everybody knows that for every
thousand ounces that we send abroad there is
absolutely a loss of fifty ounces of silver. If we
did not put silver into it, it would be of no earthly
value in commerce. There are at least fifty ounces
in every thousand. This is a great saving in the
country at large. It makes oar productive labor
moft remunerative. The object is to put the
stamp upon thfe coin. New York is the place for
such an office; not for anything "fliey have done,
but because that is the most convenient place for
people of California to get their gold made avail-
able in commerce, unless they stamp it at home.
Now, as to this notion of the expense of trans-
mitting the gold from North Carolina, there is not
a bank in North Carolina that would not prefer a
check upon New York to a check upon any de-
pository at Charlotte. It is the great center of
exchanges, and everybody likes to have the value
there where they can realize it. It is so all over
the country. I do not like to see these great
cities grow up. I think they are a disadvantage
to the community; but we cannot legislate about
that. That is outside of anything we can do.
If I thought the proposition to allow coining
in New York was to interfere with the establish-
ment already in Philadelphia, I should have voted
against it. I have the same feeling towards that
Mint that I have towards the old place where the
Declaration of Independence was signed; and I
should just about as soon think of moving the
mint, as of moving Independence Hall to New
York for them to exhibit for the gratification of
their pride. I think Philadelphia deserves some-
thing for what it has been, and a great deal for
what it is now; for 1 believe it is the safest place,
of its size, of any that I know of in the world.
When you come to talk about abolishing the
mint in New Orleans, there are elements at work
there that will make that a great center for the
bullion of this country. It will be the place that
can be reached in the shortest time from the gold
regions beyond the Rocky Mountains. When it
becomes so, there will be more gold coined there;
and it will have to be stamped at the commercial
center, where the gold will arrive, before it is
transmitted through the country. It is the cheap-
est way, in my opinion, of first stamping the
piece of gold in the bar.
The Senator from New York has said that it ?s
sent over to Philadelphia and back to put a stamp
on it at the expense of a dollar in a thousand.
Sir, that stamp can be put on it for two cents. It
is a mere question of economy. I do not think it
is right that this nation should thus collect a toll
upon the men of business in this country, whether
they reside in South Carolina, North Carolina,
or Georgia, or the Pacific ocean, because the Con-
stitution and laws of the country require this sub-
ject to come under our supervision merely for the
security of society at large.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, «ays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Clay, Chngman, Fitch, FitzPat-
rick, Green. Hammond, Iver&on, Johnson of Arkansas,
Jones, Polk', Pugh, Reid, and Sebastian—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin, liiirler, Bright, Broder-
ick, Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Oollamer, Dixon,
Doolittle, Douglas, Durkeo, Fessenden, Foot, Gwin, Hale,
Hamlin, Harlan, houston,. Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee,
Kennedy, King.'Lane, Rice, Seward, Shields, Simmons,
Siidell, Smith, Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Ward,
and Wilson—38.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to make a privileged mo-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
Senate struck out the branch mints of Georgia
and North Carolina.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator can except that
amendment when the bill is reported to the Senate,
and get a separate vote on it.
.PUGH. Veryv
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
amendment, to be inserted as "an additional sec-
tion:
Jijid be it further enacted, That all laws establishing
branch mints at Clfarlotte, North Carolina, and Dahlonega,
Georgia, be, and the same are hereby, repealed ; and tire
sites now occupied by the branch mint establishments at the
said places, with the buildings and improvements thereon,
of a permanent character, are hereby surrendered to the
States in which they are respectively situated.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I raise a question of order,
whether ffhat amendment is not excluded by the
rules of the Senate, from a place on this bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
under the impression that the amendment is in
order. It does not contain an appropriation of
money.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I-at first had prepared an
amendment directing those sites to be sold, but
on reflection I shaped it in accordance with the
practice which had been established in the case
of the Memphis navy-yard. When there was no
use for it, we surrendered it to the State.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator will alter
that amendment. The States have no use for
these buildings. I think the amendment, with
that exception, is a wise provision. We ought
to turn these buildings over to the Government,
and sell them. The States have no use for mints
at all. They are public property, and ought to
be disposed of. I am opposed to the amendment,
because we want none of these buildings. Let
the Government carry on its own business, and
sell its own property. So far as I am concerned
as one of the representatives of Georgia, I repel
the proposition. I do not want to have anything
to do with this property. I would not accept it.
Mr. SIMMONS. The State might want it for
the purpose of assaying gold.
Mr. BELL. I beg leave to say that I gave a
vote against the appropriation for the support of
these mints in Georgia and North Carolina upon
very little reflection and consideration; and seeing
that there is some feeling upon the subject by
some gentlemen from that quarter, and learning
that there is a prospect that there will be an in-
crease of the yield of gold in those regions, I feel
very much inclined to change my vote. These
sums are small and insignificant in themselves. I
remember the circumstances under which those
mints were established in Georgia and North
Carolina. It is true that there was an expecta-
tion that there would be a large yield of gold in
those districts. Gold had then been recently dis-
covered there. I remember that it called forth a
good deal of consideration, prompted by the al-
most universal cry in one section of the Union,
and even in two, that the expenditures of this
Government were all concentrated in a particular
section. I thought there was weight, to some ex-
tent, in the complaint. I then acted on the prin-
ciple that wherever there was a reasonable ground,
a reasonable pretext in reference to the public
service, I would vote to expend the public money
in any quarter or section of the Union where the
expenditures of the Government had been hereto-
fore, and were likely forever to be, very limited.
I thought that should be taken into consideration
in the establishments such institutions as these.
I remember that I have been controlled in my vote
by considerations of that character.
I have been controlled in my course since I
have been a member of Congress, not so much in
the Senate as in the House of Representatives, by
the same principle, in sustaining the naval depot
at Norfolk, Virginia, and in building up a navy-
yard there. That was never founded upon any
principle of economy. Again, in establishing, re-
cently, the navy-yard at Brunswick, in the State
of Georgia, I acted upon that principle. I pre*
ferred that that yard should have been at a differ-
ent point; but I was not tenacious; I had no gre^f
preference of one point over the other; but I went
upon the principle that I was in favor of building
up a great naval depot, or one as large as the pub-
lic necessities or the public convenience and re-
sources of the country could bear, at Norfolk,
Virginia. So, sir, I have ever been the advocate
of establishing a national foundery at some point
of the West, if a suitable site could be found for
that purpose. Then, when a navy-yard, or a
naval depot, or if you should call it only a rope-
walk, was once established at Memphis, although
I had nothing to do with the establishment of it,
