1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the same principle would have led me to the sup-
port of such an establishment, if it had been at
Vicksburg, or any place less convenient than
Memphis. So now, if a fair opportunity were
presented to me of acting upon the same principle,
and upon the same feelings, I would vote for the
establishment of a national foundery atsome point
in the Southwest, or in the West, at all events.
Sir, it is not dollars and cents that ought to con-
trol Senators upon such questions as this. States-
men should look at the operation of our system
of Government, and our great Union. Necessa-
rily from the force of interests—individual, com-
mercial, and general interests—there is, and there
ever will be, a tendency to concentrate on partic-
ular points, to the great metropolis, the central
depots of trade, such as New York, the benefits
of public expenditure. They are large, and they
are growing larger every day. They are consid-
erations and principles that lie far deeper.and are
of far more importance than any few hundred
thousand dollars of expenditures connected with
them, or even when you take them in the aggre-
gate, of millions of dollars. Sir, I do not credit
that there is any feeling or disposition to take
away from any State of the South anything which
is necessary. Let us discard any motives or con-
siderations ofJiiat kind that actuate members. Sir,
that individual sentiment is not a general senti-
ment.
I would not, for fifty times over the amount of
the expenditure involved in these two little Istab-
lishments in the South, which upon mere eco-
nomical principles might well be dispensed with,
incur that sentiment. I would not raise a feeling
that there was a disposition to take from those
poor people the little modicum of benefit which
they get, and refuse to cut down appropriations
for a large section of the country. Gentlemen of
the North may appreciate these feelings as they
please; but the principle I wish to present to Con-
gress is, that although dollars and cents, when
they reach a high aggregate of hundreds of thou-
sands and millions of dollars, are to be considered
as connected with the social prosperity and devel-
opment of this great country; yet there are many-
hundreds of thousands and many millions of dol-
lars, if you please, that I would be willing to sac-
rifice to these higher objects and motives.
Sir, I did not think when I rose that I should
be called upon to express my sentiments as fully,
or take so much time with this question as I have
done; but, still, I desired to recall the feelings of
fentlernen, and to state the conclusion at which
arrived long since, hot within the late period of
excitement between one section and another, but.
in a period extending back a quarter of a century
ago. I stand consistent upon the record on that
subject. Sir, I think it may be some convenience,
in a large district of neighborhood, to establish
mints, as in Georgia and North Carolina.
Some allusion has been made, and surprise ex-
pressed, that any opposition should be manifested
to the amendment because of any effect it might
have upon the poor laborers, or the poor work-
men, in the South. I wish I could correct the
sentiment that exists in the North upon that sub-
ject. There are more thousands and tens of thou-
sands of poor laboring men—farmers, generally,
are not quite so bad—engaged in mechanical ein-
ployments in the South than are dreamed of in
the conception, or all the learning, or all the in-
formation that has been had by many gentlemen
of the Senate upon this subject, as 1 have found
by personal interviews and private conversations
with them.
But, sir, I do not intend to enlarge upon this
topic and upon the general sentiment of economy.
I think the view that is taken of the popular feel-
ings on this subject is a great mistake. The
mousing reformer goes into the Departments to
i find where there has been some misapplication
of appropriation, or where a few clerkships could
be retrenched in any branch of the public ser-
vice situated in any part of the United States.
We have heard long debates in the Senate on re-
trenchment resolutions. What has become of
them ? They were'very popular; they seemed to
be appioved by everybody; there was a general
clamor of approbation and applause; gentlemen
were very earnest on the subject. What has be-
come of them? Whither did they tend, and how
did they profess to reach the object ? They were
merely upon the surface, and never went to the
core; they did not'even, profess it. They have
never reached the/diseasfe, nor did they point to
the disease in our system that has produced the
extravagant expenditures, of the impropriety of
which there was general complaint.
I should likc^upon some occasion, to address
the Senate upon them.. I hope that that question
will come up yet. I have never found it conve-
nient, or thought it proper, to speak upon that
subject in any of the morning hours in which it
has been casually presented here. I should like
to have some opportunity to speak of the pre-
tensions to economy and curtailment that have
been made by so many in this House, to show
that they have not pointed in the right direction.
The evil lies deeper; the disease is more venom-
ous; thereisapoison in the system which nobody,
that 1 have heard, has pretended to probe.
But, sir, I will not say any more on this sub-
ject. I rose merely to say fhat in the few mo-
ment's reflection 1 have had since the vote was
taken on striking out those branch mints, I, for
one, shall retrace my steps and vote against the
proposition to strike-it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment of the
Senatpr from Illinois r
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President-
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will allow
us to take the question. We are all ready to vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was going to modify my
amendment, as the Senator from Georgia obj'ects
to having these buildings surrendered up to the
States, so as to correct it in that regard. I had
first prepared the amendment in that form. I will
send my modified amendment to the Chair:
And be it further enactctl, That all laws cstabi^hinjrsuch
brand) mints at Cliailottc, Noitti Caiolma,and Dalilonega,
Georgia, be, and the f-ame arc hereby, repealed ; and the
President of the United States isheieby authorized t.o cause
to be sold, at such time and on such terms as lie may deem
most conducive to the public interest, the sues now occu-
pied by the branch mint establishments at Cliailottc and
Dalilonega, and also to cause the proceeds to be paid into
the Treasury of the United States.
Mr.- IVERSON. .1 call for the yeas and nays
on that question.  
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. It seems to be pretty late.
I want to think a little on this subject. I am in-
clined to vote against the amendment, and I be-
lieve we should go back and give the salaries in
those two mints. I want one night's sleep on the
subject, and I therefore move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I hope we shall
finish this bill. We are getting towards the end
of the session, and I hope we shall finish some-
thing to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to ad journ.
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 21, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Brodertck, Cameron. Chandler,
Clark, Ciingman, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Foot, Hale/
Hamlin, Harlan, Kennedy, King, Held, Seward, Simmons,
Trumbull, YVade, and W ilson—^1.
' NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bri~ght, Brown, Chesnut,
Clay, Douglas, Fiteli.'Fitzpatnck, Green, Gwin, Houston,
Hunter, Ivei son, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Jones, Lane, Mason, t'olk, Xtice, Sebastian, Shdell,
Smith, Stuart, Toombs, and Ward—37.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. BAYARD. If it is in order, I wish to
move an amendment to the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to insert, after the
word " Georgia," the words " and the assay of-
fice at New York;"and after the word "Dahlon-
nega" the words " and the assay office," so as
to include within the laws repealed the law estab-
lishing the assay office at New York. I am un-
able to see, myself, any reason why, for the pur-
poses for which the power to coin money was
given to the Government, we should have a Mint
at Philadelphia, an assay office at New York,
and also a mint at California. I think all the
proper functions of the Mint to be discharged by
the Government can be discharged by the Mints
of California, New Orleans, and Philadelphia. I
doubt, farther, whether the establishment of an
office, as such merely, not for the purpose
of refining and assaying gold, in order to convert
it into com, but refining and assaying the gold
for the purpose of converting it into bullion,
which is merely a commodity stilt, is in the intent,
or meaning, or spirit of the Constitutk>n,-which
gives the power to coin money and regulate the.
value thereof. The establishment of the jigsay
office at New York was^passed upon an appro-
priation bill. I am .unable, myself, to see the ne-
cessity % an assay office for the purposes for
which the Government is authorized to establish
mints; that is, to coin money for circulation to
go out to the country. The object of the assay
office at New York is solely in reference to the
interests of commerce, to convert a commodity
into a different shape, still to be used^as a com-
modity, and nothing else. I confess, feaving the
point of expediency, that I have some doubts
about the constitutionality of establishing an as-
say office separate from the Mint, to be a simple
conducive to the refining and assaying the gold
to be used at the Mint to be coined into money.
Taking both reasons combined, I think the law
oughtto be repealed. I therefore move the amend-
ment to insert, after the wprd " Georgia," the
words "and the assay office at New York," and
insert after the words " Charlotte and Dahlon-
ega" the words " and the assay office at New
York." I ask for the yeas and nays on that
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. As the yeas and nays have been
ordered, I will not go into any argument to sat-
isfy the Senator from Delaware that his amend-
ment is one that, if adopted, would not promote
the public interest. I am only astonished that he
does not himself observe and know and under-
stand the value of the assay office at New York,
in stamping the gold, agreat deal of which passes
abroad in commerce that is not carried to Phila-
delphia, and brought back to New York. The
Government saves that expense. It is a great
public benefit. The object of it is to promote the
public good.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from New York
cannot have heard the Senator from Delaware, or
he manifestly does not understand him. The
point taken, and I think well taken, although I
apptehend, at this late period of the day, it will
not bear much debate, is, that the Constitution,
which gives Congress the power to coin money,
does not give to Congress the power to establish
the fineness of gold for the purpose of commerce,
as a commercial commodity.-
Mr. KING. So far as that point is concerned,
although m my judgment, Congress is a very
good judge of what it ought to do, yet upon the
various questions presented by the Senator from
Virginia, and the Senator from Delaware, upon
the constitutional aspect of the case, of course they
are entitled to respect. If I believed there was
a constitutional question in this matter, it would
be a different thing. I do not think there is. I
think that the object and purpose of the establish-
ment of an assay office at New York, is not only
perfectly constitutional and legitimate, but of
great service to the public interests; but, as I
stated, 1 will not proceed to debate it. I believe
it is so obvious, and so well understood, that a
naked vote of the Senate is the best disposition
to be made of this subject.
Mr. MASON. I have seen very few instances
in the Senate in my experience, or in*the work-
ing of the Government, where a constitutional
objection is regarded; but I should ask the Sena-
tor from New York, or any Senator who hears
me, to show when the Constitution gives to Con-
gress the power to coin money, that it gives- at
the same time to Congress the power, by estab-
lishing the fineness of the metal, to establish it
as a commercial commodity. The power to coin
motley is perfectly understood. As I can perceivc,
it means nothing more than this: Money is not
a commercial commodity; when it becomes a
commodity iia commerce, it ceases to be money.
Money isa medium of exchange for other articles
of commerce, and nothing more. The Govern-
ment stamps the fineness of the coin, and by that
Government stamp it passes as the certificate of
value and weight; nothing more. Then, wheil
the Government coins the money, it does nothing
more than fix the counter by aGovernment stamp,
which shall be the medium of exchange of com-
