138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
of losses sustained by depredations of the Creek
Indians, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I submit the
usual resolution that all debate on this bill shall
close within two hours after the Committee of
the Whole House shall again resume its consid-
eration. f
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire, in
the first place, to know whether the special order
extends over this day or not?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It does not.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. MORGAN. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BUFFINTON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Barksdale were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 85, noes 39. ,
So the motion was agieed to.*
And thereupon (at three o'clock and forty-five
minutes, p. m.) the House, on motion of Mr.
MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, adjourned to Mon-
day.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Dcccmber 20, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. D. Ball.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
Hon. Stephen R. Mallohy, of Florida, ap-
peared to-day.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following- enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
An act to continue the office of register and re-
ceiver of the land office at Vmcennes, Indiana;
An act recognizing the assignment of land war-
rant No. 35956, issued to John Davis, as valid;
and
An act for the relief of John Campbell.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a lettei of tlu  Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury, communicatin^cupius of accounts of persons
charged with the disbursements or application of
moneys, goods, or effects, for the benefit of the
Indians, during the year ending 30th June, 1S53,
together with a list of the names of the persons
to whom goods, moneys, or effects have been de-
livered during that period; which, with the uc-
piinying papers, was, on motion of Mr. Stuart,
ordered to he on the table; and a motion by him
to print the letter and papeis, was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senato a report of the
Secietaiy of the Senate, showing the payments
from the contingent fund of the Senate, during
the year ending December 4, 1858; which was,
on motion of Mr. Dixon, ordered to lie on the
table, and be punted.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Marga-
ret Iialsey, widow of Captain Daniel Cnshmg,
who was an officcr in the lust war with Great
Britain, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Mary Morris,
widow of Peter Louis Moiris, a soldier in the war
of 1812, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Sheldon McKmght, praying additional compen-
sation for carrying the mails on the Cleveland,
Detroit, and Lake Superior routes, from the year
1843 to the present time; which was lefened to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KENNEDY presented a memorial of
Thomas Coward, praying for a pension for ser-
vices as a privateersman during the last war with
Great Britain; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BRODERICK presented a memorial of
Richard Roman, a commissary of subsistence
during the last war with Great Britain, praying
to be credited with an amount disallowed in the
settlement of his accounts; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Richard Chen-
ery, assignee of H. B. Russ, praying payment
for paving the street in front of the custom-house
in San Francisco; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. GREEN presented the petition of A.
Payne, praying the passage of an act repealing
the condition of settlement and cultivation im-
posed upon purchasers of lands graduated to
twelve and a half cents per acre; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public L^hds.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the memorial of
Lieutenant T. Harmon Patterson, praying to be
allowed the pay due him for services as an officer
of the astronomical expedition to Chili; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of Joseph
"Witcomb, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying
to be allowed an invalid pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. THOMSON, of New jersey, presented the
petition of Harriet S. Wyman, widowof Captain
Thomas "W. Wyman, of the Navy, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JONES presented a petition of citizens of
Iowa, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from New Oiegon to New Hampton in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Iowa, praying the establishment of a new land
district in the northwestern part of that State;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
Thomas Brown, administrator of George Fisher,
deceased, praying an amendment of the joint
resolution of last session, devolving upon the Sec-
retary of War the execution of the act of Decem-
ber 2:2, 1854; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Sarah Hutton,
daughter and heir of Jane Baker, praying to be
allowed a pension, on account of the services of
Thomas Baker, m the navy of the Revolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
(h tiered, That the petition and paper* of -the heirs of
Robert riewall, on the tiles ot the Senate, he referred to the
CotunuUee 611 Claims.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. FITCII, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, communi-
cated the 16th instant, transmitting a statement
of the cost and progress of the Coast Survey, re-
ported in favor of the motion; and it was agreed
to.
!■ JAMES F. MORTON'S WIDOW.
;j Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the followingrcs-
•i olutton; which was referred to the Committee to
j Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
I the Senate:
II Resolved, That there he paid out of the contingent fund
I' of the Senate, to the widow or James F. Mot ton, Lite >u
|j permtemlenf of furnaces, the .sum of &150, for lunoral ex-
|1 penses, and ail amount equal to one quarter's &aiaiy of the
i deceased.
|| NOTICE OF A BILL.
ji Mr. BAYARD gave notice of his intention to
; ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for hold-
1 in  the courts of the United States in the State of
I, Alabama.
| DILLS INTRODUCED.
| Mr. PEARCE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
! 476) to authorize the President to make advances
in money to Hiram Powers; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
I,' on the Library
Mr. RICE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 475) to organize the Territory of Dacotah,
and for other purposes; which was read twice by-
its title, and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Mr. FITCH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 474)
to provide for a superintendent of Indian affairs
for Washington Territory, and additional Indian
agents; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
REFERENCE OF THE MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's as re-
lates to the public lands be referred to the Committee oil
Public Lands.
REVISION OF RULES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER [Mr. Bright]
laid before the Senate the following resolution of
the House of Representatives: *
In the House of Representatives,
June 14, 1858.
Resolved, That a Committee be appointed consisting of
the Speaker and four members to be named by Inm, whose
duty it shall be to digest and revise the rules of order, and
suggest alterations and amendments, and repoit the same
toi the action of the House at an eaily day in the next ses-
sion, and that said Committee be authorized to meet such
as may be appointed by the Senate, to revise the jointrules
of the two Ilou&es.
Ordered, That the §pfakfr, Mr. Winslow, Mr. Grow,
Mr. Bococjk, and Mr. Israel Washburn, be the said
Committee.
Mr. STUART. That resolution, as I under-
stand it, was passed at the last session of Con-
gress in the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. And provides for a report to
be mado at the commencement of this session.
Of course, the time for its practical operation has
expired, and I think it might as well lie on the
table. I make that motion.
Mr. "WILSON. I understand that the Com-
mittee in the House arc now sitting on the rules,
and I am inclined to think we had better adopt
the resolution. I am told by one of the members
of that Committee that they want to modify the
rules, and that there may be some action proposed
with regard to the joint rules. It might lie over
for the present.
Mr. STUART. I think it had better remain
for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie on
the table.
NEW MESSENGER.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I desire to
offer the following resolution, and ask fonts pres-
ent consideration: *
Resolved, That the Sen?eant-at-Arms be authorized to
employ a person m the seiviee of the Senate, m the p)aco
ol, and at the same compensation as H.J. Kagan, promoted.
The purpose of this resolution is simply to°
keep on the floor about the same force as we
have had heretofore. It provides for no additional
force. I have conversed with the Sergeant-at-
Arms, and I believe with youiself, sir, and sev-
eral others, and I suppose there can be no objec-
tioh to it.
Mr. CLAY. I wish it to He over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie over
under the rules.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. If the Sen-
ator from Alabama will look at it, and then say
it is not right, I will move to reconsider it to-mor-
row.
Mr. CLAY. I do not know the merits of the
particular resolution; but I have been impressed
ever since I have been in the Senate, with the be-
lief that we have a good many supernumeraries
hero, and that, instead of providing places for out-
siders, we ought to dispense with some of those
who are inside. It is on that ground that I object
to the consideration of this resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Let it lie
over until to-morrow morning.
RECESS FOR CHRISTMAS.
Mr. ALLEN. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congies-* assembled, That
when the two Houses adjourn on the 23d instant, they ad-
journ to meet on Tuesday, the 4th of Januaiy next.
I ask that it may be taken up and considered
now.
