1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mfifc
Mr. BAYARD. I have but a word or two
more to say, and after that I shall be content to
let the vote be taken without any farther com-
ment. The argument of the honorable Senator
from New York, or rather the authority he gives,
only confirms me in the opinion I had previously
entertained. He reads to you the definition of an
assayer, an officer of the Mint for the purpose of
coining money. Be it so. My objection to this
office is not that you have no right to refine for
the purpose of the Mint, but it is this: because
you have the power, and you must necessarily
have an assayer in your Mint for the purposes of
coinage, you cannot avert that power to establish
an assay office alone; not a mint, not intended for
coinage, at New York, in order to convert gold
dust into bullion for the purpose of commerce, as
a commodity. That is the objection. I think it
a valid one.
Further, the honorable Senator says bullion is
money also, as well as coin. Now, 1 had always
supposed the money of the United States was
well known—its cents, dimes, and dollars—I
might repeat them all, with a certain amount of
alloy, described as such m the laws, known as
such, and circulated as such. But this bullion,
stamped in bars, has nothing to do with the alloy
of your coins. It is a commodity of commerce;
is stamped, and it circulates as a commodity in
commerce alone; and it is not intended as money,
or to be used as money; and it is not recogriizcd
as money by the United States. It may be used
as a substitute for money; but it is not one of the
coins of this country; it is not part of the money
of this country; and when you have stamped a
gold bar worth so many dollars or so many
eagles, that does not make it the money of the
country. It is not alloyed in the manner in which
the law prescribes in reference to the money of
the country, when it is intended for the circula-
tion of the country. It is money in_ no sense
whatever. It is a commodity of commerce; and
as such, in my judgment, you have no right to
establish an assay office for the ^lere purpose of
refining gold for the benefit of commerce.
Mr. CLARK. Upon looking at the Constitu-
tion, I find this provision: " to coin money"—a
general provision to coin money, not to coin the
money of the United States, but to coin money.
Now, here the word is used in the ordinary ac-
ceptation, I take it, not in the technical meaning.
There is no better rule of construction than that,
when a word is used, it is to be used in its ordi-
nary acceptation, and taken in its ordinary sense
and meaning, unless it clearly appear that it is
in its technical sense and meaning By the best
lexicographers you will find that money is anjy
piece of metal, stamped by the authority of the
Government, which they make to be money. To,
coin is to stamp, to stamp money, to stamp a
piece of metal so as to make it money, no matter
whether your piece of metal is round, or of a given
size, or of a given weight. If you stamp it by the
authority of the Government, so that its fineness,
weight, and value is known, then it is money. It
is not necessary even to be metal. What do the
Indians use ? Wainpum. But we have the power
in the Constitution to coin money; that is, to
stamp metal and give it the value and character
of money; and that is all they have done in the
assay office. They take the metal; they refine it
and stamp it, and eive it its value. The Mint
fixes the coins of differentkinds. Because, in the
Mint, they make a round com of one size and an-
other size, it does not prevent the Government,
if it choose, under this constitutional provision,
from stamping a square bar of gold and passing
it as money.
Mr. SIMMONS. I merely wish to say that
this constitutional question, raised by the Sena-
tor from Delaware, and repeated by the Senator
from Virginia, is a more elaborate refinement of
constitutional law than the Mint is upon the metal
of the coin of the world. It results from this
fact: that in the Constitution the "States are pro-
hibited from making anything but gold and silver
coin a tender in the payment of debts; and there-
fore, the inference is drawn that the Government
of the United States can make nothing but gold
and silver coin a tender in the payment of debts.
But the Government of the United States can
make cfyster shells a tender for the payment of
debts, if they see fit; I do not intend to say that
they are very likely to do it. As the Senator fiom
New Hampshire said, they can make a bar a ten-
der in payment of a debt as well as around coin.
It is not only a constitutional right, but "a consti-
tutional duty, so to stamp what is to be passed m
commerce, as to make it the least possible ex-
pense to the citizens of this country, in making
it a medium of' payment; and this assaying and ;
stamping bars of gold is a saving of vastly more
than the cost of coining.
As I stated before, the coins of the United States
are required by law to consist of nine parts of fine
gold or silver and one part of alloy; and it is re-
quired that one half part of the alloy of the gold,
at least, shall be of silver, and it may be all silver;
so that for every thousand ounces of gold that
you make, there is a necessary loss in commerce
of fifty ounces of silver. That is a dead loss;
whereas, when you put it into a bar, there is no
loss whatever; for there is no law in the exchange
market of the world that the alloy in our coin in
those countries is worth a brass pin, and there
never will be. All the tables here are mere cal-
culations of pure metal coined according to the i
weight and the degree of fineness. Our standard '
is ten per cent, of alloy. That of England is one
twelfth; andt,he computation of these exchanges
and all these tables is to show how much pure
metal there is in an ounce or grain of the standard
coin of the country in which it.is coined.
The Senator from Delaware said that, as a
matter of constitutional law, or of national expe-
diency, he could see no reason for stamping these
bars in the assay office. I think the whole pon-
stitutional question was disposed of by the Sen-
ator from New York and the Senator from New
Hampshire. You might as well make a square
piece, or a long bar, or a wedge in any .form you
please, to have it pass as currency, as well as a
round coin. If it is stamped by an authorized
officer of the Government of the United States,
the authorized value thereof is fixed according to
the Constitution.
Mr. SEWARD. By law?
Mr.SIMMONS. Yes,sir; bylaw; and if you
were to pass them here amongst us as a tender in
the payment of debts, no court in the world would
call its constitutionality in question even as a cur-
rency. But we make our currency in a more con-
venient form. These twenty dollar pieces are' the
most ridiculous form of currency I ever saw in
my life. They are neither fit for hand to hand
circulation nor remittance abroad. They can never
circulate from hand to band in the transactions of
life. It is a great saving of the comparative cost
by assaying and stamping the bars.
The Senator admits that the fineness of the gold
is to be ascertained, and that it is to prevent those
outside from assaying the gold that it is done by
the establishment of the United States, and is
stamped. The authority of law to punish the
counterfeiting of one of these stamps upon abar,
would be just as effectual as to punish the coun-
terfeiting of the coin of the country; and I have
no doubt, though I know nothing about law, that
it wo'uld be held in the courts that counterfeiting
oneof those bars was equivalent to counterfeiting,
what is known in common commerce as coin.
Therefore, the only doubt thrown upon the jftwer
to establish an assay office, being merely upon
the circumstance that the States themselves can-
not make gold bars a tender m the payment of
debts, is answered by the fact that they have
nothing to do with fixing the value of any piece
of metal whatever. The people surrendered that
to the Congress'of the United States. When we
establish the value of any currentcoin, and stamp
it, and it is fixed by the General Government, it
is a tender m all the States, for transactions from
man to man. That is the whole object of this
power. Since gold has become such a valuable
article of commerce—we producing $50,000,000 a
year, upon the average for the last ten years—the
propriety of this law, and its necessity, becomes
apparent to Congress; and hence, immediately
after the discovery of gold, this assay office was
established.
The Senator says that we went on for sixty
years, in the history of. the country, without
making such a law. We had no gold to stamp.
There was no necessity for the establishment of
such an office, until we had gold enough to make,
it an object; and as soon as we had enough, the
power vested in Congress was exercised with
judgment and propriety. Until it was necessary
or proper to exercise that power, it would have
been mere child's play to make such a Jaw.aitd
work up the coin and lose the alloy, and put the
fine gold into wedges or bars. That is all it would
have been before; but now we need such Ijtws, -I
am astonished to hear a constitutional objection,
and much more astonishfed-io hear a question oif
the ptopriety of such a law, when we receive the
sum of $50,000,000 a year in gotd dust. Until
then, I agree it would have been useless; but no
man who knows anything about commerce would
expect Congress to be at the expense of .coining
and then transmitting it abroad, losing the ex-
pense" of coinage and the alloy which the law
requires should be put into it. The necessity of
this alloy is well known; it is to harden the soiti;
otherwise, it would be sweated, as it is called.
But for-tbe aMoy, you would have gold sweaters
in the neighborhood of your mints or banks as
they have in Europe. I have never seen a sover-
eign yet that weighed its full value, and its value
is according to the weight in it. So if theSen-
ator from Delaware had read the Constitution and
followed the acts of Congress from the origin of
the Government, and considered the necessities
of the country, tie would have seen that the acts
of Congress have traveled along with these ne-
cessities. There is no part or parcel of it-that is
not within the legitimate letter of the Constitution.
The propriety of it, which he seemed-to question
more than its constitutionality, is as obvious as
daylight. When we had a vast amount to trans-
mit abroad, we relieved the community from the
expense and trouble of coining it and wasting ten
ounces of good silver for every ninety of gold.
That is the whole of it. [" Question!" " ques-
tion !"1
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ivjsrsow
in the chair.) The. question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware, to include
the assay office in New York in the amendment.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BELL, when his name was called, said:
I agreed to pair off with the Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Fitzpatrick.]
Mr. FOOT. I have paired off with the Sena-
tor from Iowa, [Mr. Jones.]
The result was then announced—yeas 10, nays
33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Clingman, Davis, Fitch, Green,
Iverson, Johnson of Tennesse.o, Polk, Pugh, arid Real—10.
NAYS—Messrs Bigler, Bright, Broderiek, Brown,Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Doug-
las, Durkee, Fessenderi, Foster, Gwin, Hale, Harlan, Hous-
ton, Ilunter, Johnson of Arkansas, King, Lane, Rico, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Simmons, Smith, Suiart,Toombs,Trumbull,
VVaiic, Waid, and Wilson—33. s •
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment offured by Mr Trumbull.
Mr. PUGH. 1 think we have been long enough
in session—something over six hours—and I
move that the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators. Let us get through with
the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the adjournment. I hope to get through with
the bill to-night.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bioderick, Chandler, Claik, Dixon,Doo-
little, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale,
Hamlin, Harlan, King, Pugh, Seward, Simmons, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—2U. '
NAYS—Messis. Bayard, Bitter, Bright, Brown, Cam-
eron, Clingman. Crittenden, Davis, Filch, Green, Gwm,
Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Jidmson
of Tennessee, Lane, Polk, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Smith,
Stuart, Toombs, and Ward—26.
So the Senate refused to adiourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Illinois; upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered. '
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Broderick, Chandler, Clark,
Crittenden Davis, Dixon, Doolittle. Durkee, Fessendcu,
Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlifn, Houston, Himter, Johnson
of Aikansas,Johnson ©'Tennessee, King, Polk, fjimmons,
Stuart Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—<Jo.
nays—Messrs. Bigler, Bright, Brown, Cameron,Cling-
man Douglas, Fitch, Green. Gwin,lveison, Lane, Pugti,
Reid', Rice, Seward, Smith, and Ward—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
tdnd ts it further enctcied} Tkat} from and after the pas-
