1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. FOOT. I desire the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution. I wish .to vote
against it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Brjrler, Bright, Tiroderick, Clay,
Crittenden, Fitch, Green. Hale, Hammond, Houston Iver-
son. Kennedy, King, Mason, Pearee, Polk, Sebastian,
Reward, Shields, Simmons, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of
Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull,
Wilson, and Wright—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Clinsman. Collamer,
Davis. Dixon, Doollttle, Dinkee, Fessenden, fit/.patuck,
Foot, Foster. (ivvm, Hamlin, Hunter. Johnson of Tennes-
see, Jones, Keid, Rice, Wade, and Ward—21.
So the resolution was adopted.
DOUGLASS OTTINGER.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate re-
considered the vote agreeing to the adverse report
of the Committee on Commerce, qji the petition
of Douglass Ottinger; and k was !
Ordered, That the petition be recommitted to the Com- j
mittee on bommeree. j
JEREMIAH WRIGHT.
On motion of Mr. KING, the vote by winch
the bill (H. R. No. 365) granting a pension to
Jeremiah Wright was postponed indefinitely, was"
reconsidered, and the bill was recommitted to the
Committee on Pensions.
BINDING OF CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise for the
purpose of asking the Senate to take up report
No. 327. It is an adverse report, which was
acted upon last Thursday. I desire to move its
reconsideration, and that it be referred back to
the Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate. I think there is some
justice in the claim, and a portion of the commit-
tee, at least, would like to consider it again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the designation of the subject.
The Secretary read as follows:
Keport (No. 327) by Mr. Weight, from the Committee to
Audit and Control tlie Conuriiicut Expenses of the Senate,
and resolution to pay for binding the Congressional Globe
and Appendix for the Thirty-Fourth Con ress, the same as
was allowed by law for the Tlmty-Fitth Congress.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the resolution was referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
lon°- been waiting in the expectation that the bill |
in relation to the claims for French spoliations 1
would be. reached in the regular order of business.
I despair of that now; and 1 ask that the Senate ^
will be so good as to take up th$t bill, merely for j
the purpose of fixing some time when it shall he
heard. It was on the Calendar during the most of
the last session, but was not then reached, it was
always anticipated by special orders, and I fear
it is likely to share the same fate at this session, j
unless something be done in regard to it. I meve ,
to take up that bill, for the purpose of fixing a ,|
day when the Senate will be pleased to hear it. it ,[
is a subject involving some investigation, and, .
therefore, the Senate should have_ notice of the j,
time when it will probably be considered. 1 move J
to take it up for that purpose. |
Mr. GWIN. If the motion of the Senator from ;
Kentucky will not interfere with the regular order, :
I have no objection to it; but 1 do not want it to f
supersede the business regularly before the Senate, (
winch is the Pacific Railroad Gill. j
Mr CRITTENDEN. I only wantnow to take ,
up the Fiench spoliation bill, for the purpose of j
assigning some day for its consideration. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill re- j
ferred to by the Senator from Kentucky, (a. No. |
•15,) is now among the special orders. 1
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is down on
been mislaid or lost, I ask that the usual number
be printed for the use of the Senate.
It was so ordered.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 65) to authorize the President of the
United States to contract for the transportation of
the mails, troops, seamen,and munitions of war,
and all other Government service, by railroad,
from the Missouri river to San Franciscopin the
State of California. The pending question being,
on Mr. Polk's amendment to strike out the pro-
posed eastern terminus of the road, in lines seven
and eight of the first section of the bill, in these
words:
"On the .Missouri river, between the mouths of the Big
Sioux and Kansas rivers."
And insert in lieu thereof:
Beiveen a point m the boundary of Minnesota, on the
foity-nmlh parallel of north latitude, and the southern
boundary of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. I give notice of an amendment
that I intend to propose to the bill. I desire to
have it read and printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
docs not offer the amendment at present.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot offer it now, but I
wish to have it read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have my prop-
osition printed. I move that it be printed as an
amendment that I intend to propose as a substi-
tute for the whole bill.
The motion to print was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Polk,] upon whiah the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Clay, Davis, Fitzpatriek,
l-lonston. Hunter, 1\ erson, Kennedy. Polk. Reid. Sebastian,
ShieliK Slide]!, Stuart, Toombs, and Ward—17.
NAVS—Messrs. Builer, Blight, Broderick, Chandler,
Claik, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Dooiittle, Durkee.
Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Gwm, Hale. Hammond,
Harlan, Jones, King. Mason, Kice, feewaid. Simmons,
Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and
Wright—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE. Mr. Piesident, the deep interest
my constituents take in the measure now under
consideration must be my apology for detaining
the Senate a few moments.
I do not propose to discuss the comparative
merits of the different routes, nor go into details.
They have been given so often that the Senate
must be familiar with them. My purpose is to
state a few facts in relation to the northern route;
and, notwithstanding my preference for that line,
I will cheerfully vote to give equal aid to the
others.
The country through which a road between the
great lakes and Puget Sound would pass offers
great facilities for intercommunication between
| the various portions of our Union. On this route
| lie the Mississippi, Missouri, and Columbia riv-
i ers, and the Red River of the North, supplying
j means for internal navigation to an immense re-
! gion of fertile and flourishing country. The lakes
! and the Pacific thus connected, a ship could pro-
! ceed without breaking bulk, from the Atlantic by
British capital and energy to forestall us in this
important matter, we lose the magnificent prize
that offers itself to our grasp, and forever regret
our procrastination.
It has been alleged that the " intense cold"
and the "deep snows" of the country through
which this road is proposed to be rnn, must for-
ever prevent the accomplishment of the project.
At thismoment,several thousand men are at work
on the lines of road within the State of Minne-
sota. Within the last six months, two hundred
miles have been graded; and by spring another
hundred will be completed; and before another
year three hundred miles will be ready for the
iron horse. The incorrectness of this statement
will be best shown, and the readiest answer to it
will be given, by merely stating the fact that pros-
perous settlements have for years existed in, and
indeed beyond, the point of lowest temperature.
Emigration has pushed itself beyond the Red
River of the North, and every year demonstrates
that there is no portion of that country which our
citizens, do not find well adapted to the purposes
of civilization.
My own State illustrates the energy and enter-
prise of the settlers on this route. Nine years
ago Minnesota was organized as a Territory, and
contained about three thousand inhabitants. Her
census will now show two hundred thousand.
Her numerous and prosperous towns have become
centers of active and profitable trade, and her in-
crease, both m population and commerce,is unpre-
cedented.
From an official record before me, it appears
that the arrivals of steamboats at St. Paul in 1848
were sixty-three, and at the close of the past
season, the number was one thousand and sixty-
eight; an increase of one thousand and five, at the
rate of more th* one hundred a year!
It is not alone, however, as an encouragement
to private enterprises, that this project presents
itself to our favorable consideration. The public
servicc will secure in this road a most important
aid, as it offers so many channels of intercom-
munication for the cheap transportation of troops
and munitions of war, and for the rapid and gen-
eral distribution of the mails. The navigable lakes
and rivers everywhere intersecting or lying along
the road would make every portion of it easily
accessible.
These lakes and rivers would also materially
lessen the cost of freight and travel between the
extreme termini; because the road actually to be
constructed could not exceed eighteen hundred
miles in length,and the longestsecuon on the line,
between navigable waters, would not exceed six
hundred miles.
Merchandise could be transported to the middle
and northern States, oreastern sea-board, through
the lakes and the St. Lawrence; the Mississippi
and the Missouri rivers would furnish abundant
facilities for reaching all the States in the great
! western valleys; and the distant regions of Oali-
| forniaand Oregon could be promptly supplied by
the craft that navigate the waters of the Columbia.
We all know how much greater the charges are
for railroad than for water transportation; and a
glance at the map must convince any one that
freight or passengers can be tdken on board at any
navigable point on the Ohio, Mississippi, or Mis-
souri, and transported thence by water to the point
of intersection with this road, and thence sent
way oVu5eS\rLawrence"and the lakes to the heacl jj forward to the Pacific with only five hundred
of Lake Superior, and from that point her cargo j miles of railway from the las^-named stream.
01 ^i 1 ' 1 • d By what oiher route could more States be ac-
commodated > Let Lake Superior be thus con-
nected by steam with the Pacific, and the com-
merce of our inland seas will be speedily doubled.
the
could be sent over the road proposed, direct to tin
Pacific, without transhipment. _ ,
It can scarcely be doubted that the great saving,
both m the time and cost of transportation, would
cause, not only the entire American, but the en-
tire European trade with China, Japan, and the
Pacific islands, to go through this channel instead
of going around the capes. _ _
The British Government is already alive to the
importance of a more direct and speedy commu-
nication with her possessions on the Pacific, and
steps to promote her commer-
In 1816 the hrst effort was made to navigate the
■ lakes. In 1841 the trade reached the aggregate
i of 4,65,000,000: and in 185G itswelled to the enor-
: mous amount of $038,000,000. These statistics
I show the wonderful spirit of enterprise which
; now pervades regions that were long considered
an uninhabitable wilderness. Is not such a spirit
' worthy of encouragement? Before the lapse of
another year, steamers will be in use on the Red
River of the North. This river is navigable four
is already taking ...... ,
i, cm! and strengthen her political interests on this
SPTl.e PRESIDING OFFICER. It stands on the •; cc°^en^ jl hundred miles'wiYhin the limits of the United
special orders of the last session, which are. con- , ein Imeoi hei ^~co£menced. ^ ^ s State.; and should tins road.be constructed, we
UnMid.'cRlTTENDEN. I give notice to the Sen- l! lose, not only the European and Asiatic trade
ate, then, that 1 will call up that bill on the 6th day
of January. As I piesumc that the copies of that
bill which were printed at the last session have u sessions.
but also that of the large tract of country on our ;
northern frontier, and of the adjacent British pos- j
If we do not act promptly, if we suffer i
could not only supply our extreme northern set-
tlements, bu: the British provinces would be de-
uendent on us for their means of transportation.
Various roads irt our State, leading to tne
