12-22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
sage of this act, the mileage of the Senators, Representa-
tives, or Delegates in the Congress of the United States, in
going to and returning from the seat m Congress, shall be
twenty cents per mile; to be computed by the nearest mail
route from the place of residence of such Senator, Repre-
sentative, or Delegate, Dnd paid in the same manner as is
now provided by law; and all acts and parts of acts incon-
sistent with this act bo,and the same are hereby, repealed.
I find, in this bill, that the House of Repre-
sentatives has made no appropriation whatever
for mileage. I do not know by what motive they
were actuated. We have heard a great deal, in
the public press of the country, about the inequal-
ity of the mileage of members of Congress. 5t
has generally been denounced and condemned by
the press, and, I may say, the public judgment
of the country. Whenever we are called upon
to advocate a reform measure, we are told that
we do not beg^n in the right place, and that we
ought to correct abuses of the mileage system.
It may bo that the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, in refusing to make any appropria-
tion for their mileage, have been actuated by
these considerations. It may be that they con-
demn the present system.
By the present law forty cents a mile are al-
lowed. I propose to meet this action of the House
of Representatives, by which tliey have refused
to appropriate any mileage for the next Congress,
by correcting our own mileage, and reducing it
from forty cents to twenty cents a mile; it will
bo just one half—fifty per cent, deduction. I be-
lieve that twenty cents a mile is as much as it
ought to be, and I shall vote for it as a measure
just in itself; but when we find one branch of
Congress refusing .to make appropriations for
mileage for their branch, I take it that it is a con-
demnation of the present law. I want to meet
thatquestion, and test the sense of.Congress upon
it. Therefore it is that I have moved this amend-
ment. It does not meet my views precisely. I
introduced a bill the other day that more nearly
came to my view of what change wo should make;
but I am told by gentlemen from the committee to
whom it was referred that there is but one opin-
ion about it, and that is, that the bill was wrong
in principle. I proposed that all those of a thou-
sand miles should receive fifteen cents per mile;
all between one thousand.and two thousand five
hundred should receive twenty cents per mile; all
beyond two thousand five hundred miles should
receive twenty-five cents per nnlo. I am told that
it is the opinion of Senators that it should be the
other way.
I disagree altogether in that view. Within a
thousand miles of this Capitol, in any direction,
we have good roads; we have rapid communica-
tion; we can return to our homes in sixty hours,
on a summons of sickness or of pressing busi-
ness. We ought not to have the same rates that
men have who live beyond that thousand miles.
In some portions of the country, and especially
on the Pacific coast, they must leave their fami-
lies behind them, or bring them here. They can-
not return home to see their families, no matter
if sickness and death should come upon them.
They muet bring their families here, or he sepa-
rated from them; and they cannot go home, no
matter how pressing the business may be. There-
fore, I think they ought to have more. If there
is anything to be made out of mileage at all, it
ought to go according to the inequalities on which
members stand here. Living, as I do, within five
hundred miles of this Capitol, and able to return
to my home in twenty-three hours, at any time
on a sudden summons, to look after my family
or my business, I do not feel that I ought to have
the same rates per mile that the Senators from
Oregon, or the Senators from California, who
must bring their families here at great expense;
must remain the whole session, and cannot re-
turn home or to their business, no matter what
sudden affliction may come upon them.
That was my viewofthequestion. X would vote
forabill of that character sooner than I would for
the amendment that I have now proposed. I am
told, however, that nobody agrees with me in that
view of the matter, and I have, therefore, moved
this amendment, which is a reduction of precisely
fifty per cent, on the mileage of us all.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the Senator
whether his amendment is to take effect for the
present Congress or is prospective ?
Mr. WILSON. It is to take effect after the
passage of this act. This Congress has received
its mileage. The bill makes an appropriation for
the mileage of the Senate for the next session,
but no mileage for the members of the House of
Representatives. I do not know whether it was
a peculiar fit of economy that the House got into
or not. I take it that it is a condemnation of the
present rate of mileage, and I want to test those
gentlemen and see if they are willing to reduce the
mileage one half, as I think it ought to be.
Mr. HUNTER.. I know that this is a delicate
and difficult subject to deal with; but I think all
such matters upon which we have to act had bet-
ter bo presented in a separate bill. Upon this
matter I can speak disinterestedly, for I get no
mileage, or next to none; but I am free to say
that those Senators who live at a distance ought
to'get more, in proportion, than we who live
nearer. We thought it best in the Finance Com-
mittee to restore the mileage, which the House
struck out. If we choose to regulate the matter,
lot us do it by a separate bill.
Mr. PUGH. We have not restored the mile-
age.
Mr. CAMERON. This seems to be a test
question. ["Oh, no."] I think the Senator from
Massachusetts seems to make it a test to know
whether gentlemen are disposed to reduce ex-
penses. If it is to test the sincerity of gentlemen
in reducing expenses, I will vote for it. I have
different views upon this matter of mileage from
other Senators. As regards my mileage, I do not
"care a button about it. It onlyamounts to eighty
or ninety dollars. [" Cluestion!"]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FITCH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer sundry amendments,
one of which is to be inserted as an additional
section.
Jtnd be it further enacted, That after the expiration of
the |>iesent session of Congress, when any document shall
ho nrdeied to Itc printed by both Houses ot Congress,
whether the copies oidercd to be printed be the usual
(regular) number or additional (extra) number, the entire
printing o! Mich documents stmll he done by the Printer of
that House which fiistoidered tin; same, and the House
so first nidenng rhesanic shall immediately notify the other
llonse of such oilier; and the tfupciintendent of Public
Pi ml in? is hereby directed in all eases, when any document
has been ordered to he piiilted by both Houses of Congiess,
to cause the older of the House last making the order to
punt such document to he executed by ihe Printer of the
limine fir^t ordering the tmne, and to further cause the other
House to be furnished with the uunibei ordered by it; and
in no ease shall more than one thousand live hundred and
fitly copies of any document be printed, unless the printing
oI e\tia numbers be oideied by either House; and tile one
thousand five hundred and fifty copies, as usual regular
numbers, shall be distributed by the olfieers of the House
first oidetuig the printing of tho'same, to the same persons
and in the same manner as such numbers heretofore or-
dered by both Houses have been distributed.
The object is simply to cut off duplicate num-
bers of any document, and to prevent double
composition.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I am further instructed by the
same committee to offer the joint resolution,
which was introduced by me from the committee
some time sincc, and which is now in the hands
of the Secretary, as another section of the bill:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior fife, and he is hereby, dnected to cause the aunual re-
portoftlie Comnnssionerof Patents011 mechanics, hereafter
to be made to the Senate and House of Representatives, to
be piepaieil and submit ted in sueli manner as that the plates
and dtawmgs neeessaiy to illustiale each subject shall be
inserted so as to compose the entire report in one volume,
not to exceed eight bundled pages-
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. Some time since there was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing a report of
the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the
House of Representatives, in relation to the con-
tinuation of the compilation of the State Papers.
The committee have instructed me to offer an
amendment upon the subject as an additional
section.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator that
all appropriations in regard to the publication of
the State Papeis come in the miscellaneous bill.
I hope he will keep his amendment until then.
Mr. FITCH. I am not at all particular about
the bill to which the amendment shall be offered.
Mr. HUNTFjR. The original proposition went
into the miscellaneous bill.
Mr. FITCH. At the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Virginia 1 will withhold the amendment
until that bill comes up. I am not particular as
to the bill to which it shall be offered.
Mr. HALE. As other Senators seem to be
through with their amendments, I have one here
which I hope will commend itself to the Senate
and give rise to no debate. It is to be inserted as
an additional section:
Jlnd be it fin ther enacted, That the first section of the aat
entitled " An act for the admission of the State of Kansas
into the Union," approved May 4, 1858, be, and the same
is hereby, amended by striking out the following words, to
wit: " whenever it is ascertained by a census duly and le-
gally taken, that the population of said Territory equals or
exceeds the ratio of representation required for a member
of the Hoase of Representatives in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States which words are hereby repealed.
Mr. HUNTER. Surely the Senator from
New Hampshire would not bring up that subject
on an appropriation bill?
Mr. HALlE. I think that is the best plsice in
the world to put it on, because I have great doubts
whether we should be able to pass it as a separate
bill. [Laughter.] There is a provision in the
bill to take a census with a view to the admission
of the State. I want to state the argument for my
amendment. I will not be long. I will be re-
gardful of the hour of the evening. I hold in my
hand a printed speech made in a legislative as-
sembly called the House of Representatives, by
a distinguished member of that House—-a man
for whose judgment as a lawyer, and whose can-
dor as a man, I have a very high regard; I refer
to tho Hon. Mr. Stephens, of Georgia. On the
bill for the admission of Oregon into the Union,
based upon a population much less than the rep-
resentative ratio, he justified himself by this ar-
gument—I quote from memory: Mr. Stephens
said that by the act organizing the territorial gov-
ernment of Oregon in 1848, the inhabitants of Ore-
gon were entitled to admission into the Union upon
precisely the same terms as the Territories com-
prised in the territory northwest of the Ohio river;
and by reading that act, to wit, the ordinance of
1787, to find out what were the rights of the peo-
ple of the territory northwest of the Ohio, you
will find provided in express terms that they might
be admitted into the Union when they had a pop-
ulation of sixty thousand. Mr. Stephens said,
inasmuch as it was an express provision in the
act organizing the territorial government of Ore-
gon, that they should come into the Union when
they had the population required by the ordi-
nance of 1787—which was sixty thousand—he
felt bound to admit them; and the question, so far
as Congress was concerned, was foreclosed, and
Oregon had aright under that bill, or that act
which organized her, to come in. Then, sir, it
was clear, by the passage of the Oregon bill in
1848, and by the ordinance of 1787, which was
confirmed by the Congress, and by the practice
of the Government, that it is constitutional to ad-
mit a State into the Union with sixty thousand
inhabitants, because, by the act organizing the
territorial government of Oregon, tho faith of the
Government was pledged to them that they should
come in when they had sixty thousand. That
argument prevailed, and the State was accord-
ingly admitted. Looking at the third article of
the treaty by which we acquired Louisiana from
France, I find it is provided:
" That the inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be in-
corporate*! into the Union of ihe United States, and admit-
ted as soon as possible, according to tho principles of tlie
Federal Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights,
privileges, and immunities of citizens of the United States.')
Then, sir, by our treaty with France, we are
bound, just exactly as quick as the principles of
the Federal Constitution will allow us, to admit
these people to all the privileges of being incor-
porated into the Union. By the ordinance of
1787, ami by the act of 1848 organizing the terri-
torial government of Oregon, which was acted
upon by the Senate and by the House, we have
admitted the State with sixty thousand inhabit-
ants—less than sixty thousand; but we have pro-
vided, in a solemn compact, that when they have
sixty thousand they shall come in. Then the
faith of the nation is pledged to France by this
treaty, which is the supreme law of the land, that
• as soon as we can, consistently with the provis-
ions of the Federal Constitution, admit a State
out of that Territory into the Union, it shall be
done. Well, sir, I have shown you, by the prac-
tice of the Government, by the compact, and by
the action of the Government at this very Con-
gress, that a State may be admitted with less than
mnety-three thousand—may be admitted with
sixty thousand. By the principles of the Federal
