1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Constitution, I think we admitted the State of
Florida into the Union when it had not fifty thou-
sand inhabitants, and I am told she has not got it
now. The faith of this nation is pledged to
France; it stands upon your public records and
treaties forever, that just exactly as soon as a
State can be formed out of the territory that we
bought of France in 1803, by the principles of the
Federal Constitution she shall be admitted. In
the'face of this treaty stipulation, and of your
practice, you have exacted an odious and discrim-
inating law against the people of the Territory of
Kansas, in violation of the public plighted faith
of the nation.
I am unwilling to believe that this thing has
been deliberately done. I believe that when that
provision was incorporated into that act, it was
done by an oversight of the Congress, who did
not turn their attention to the plighted faith of the
United States with France, of whom we bought
the territory, that as soon as the Territory could
come in agreeably to the provisions of the "Fed-
eral Constitution, she should come in. I appeal,
then, to every Senator upon this floor who voted
for the admission of Oregon, that he vindicate his
reputation for consistency by voting to repeal this
unjust, this odious, this unconstitutional restric-
tion against the people of Kansas. Idohope
that these distinguished gentlemen who have sig-
nalized the advent of Oregon into this sisterhood
of States by their advent upon this floor, will
manifest their consistency by applying to Kansas,
at least, if not the benefit of the Constitution, the
principles of that Christian religion which calls
upon them to do unto others as they would be
done to. I do not ask the distinguished Senators
from Oregon to come upto that standard, but sim-
ply ask them to do unto others as they have been
done by, not as they would be done to. In this
case there is no treaty stipulation, nothing butan
act of Congress. According to the argument
which I have read, the public faith was plighted
to admit Oregon with sixty thousand. I ask the
Senate, when the public faith is pledged by solemn
treaty to admit Kansas, just as soon as it can be
done consistently with the provisions of the Fed-
eral Constitution, to admit h'er.
Sir, I beg pardon for trespassing so long upon
the patience of the Senate, for 1 trust that they
are impatient to manifest their regard for the^Con-
stitution and the faith of treaties, by voting to
repeal this unconstitutional restriction.
Mr. LANE. I do not know but that I am called
upon to say something on this subject, as the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has appealed to the
Senators from Oregon to stand up now and do by
others as they have been done by. Now, I say
to the Senator from New Hampshire that, when
Kansas comes here with her constitution, I shall
deal fairly and justly by her; but she is not here.
I have heard enough of Kansas in the last year
or two. I wish my friend would let this thing go
over until a proper time. Let us wait until Kan-
sas comes here, and then, I say to the Senator
from New Hampshire, I will treat her as I think
she ought to be treated.
Sir, so far from my State having the benefit of
the ordinance of 1787, which was made a portion
of the organic law of Oregon by the act of Con-
gress, I tell the Senator that, in my opinion, we
had not the advantage of it, for we have, in my
judgment—I stated it in the House and I state it
'|iere—a ratio of population sufficient to entitle us
to a RepVcsentative in the House. We have the
number sufficient to entitle us to admission; and
Kansas cannot come here for admission until she
has a population of ninety-three thousand four
hundred and twenty. As soon as she comes with
that population, then I will consider the question
of her admission. I have no doubt that the sooner
she is admitted into the Union, the better it will
be for all of us. 1 want to see it done. When
she comes here, as I said before, I will do what I
think is right by her; but I cannot vote for this
amendment. I do not want to go into Kansas,
nor to hear of Kansas, until she comes for ad-
mission.
Mr. SMITH. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire calls upon the Senators from Oregon to do
as they would be done by, or rather as they have
been done to. 1 would like to inquire of the dis-
tinguished Senator from New Hampshire whether
he desires the Senators from Oregon to do by
Kansas, m this instance, as he, the Senator trom
New Hampshire, did by Oregon ? We are here,
but not, I believe, as the result of that gentle-
man's vote.
But I rose, sir, for another purpose. I desire
to be understood in my position in relation to this
matter, and in relation to the vote which I shall
give upon the proposed amendment. I am not
particularly partial, and never have been,.to the
Kansas restriction. I regretted its passage through
Congress. If Kansas were now here, notwith-
standing that restriction—here at the instance of
her own people, presenting a constitution of her
own choice, of her own adoption—asking admis-
sion into the sisterhood of States, she would re-
ceive my vote. But, it occurs to me that there is
no necessity just now for ascertaining the sense
and judgment of the Senate in relation to that re-
striction, from the fact that Kansas herself is not
here; she is not propounding this question to the
Senate; she is not calling for a vote. On the con-
trary, her Delegate in the other House affirms that
she is not prepared to come into the Union, and
does not now desire to come in; that she is pur-
suing the arts of peace; she is recovering from
that tornado; she is recovering from that sirocco-
blast which has rolled, at the instance of men out-
side of her borders, over that fair land. I am
disposed to let her recuperate her energies, and
come up here in her own time and her own way,
as Oregon has done. When she shall have done
works of repentance first—done her work over
again; when she shall have gone back to the start-
ing point, and, not only abjured outside inter-
ference, whether it be by Missouri border-ruffian-
ism or New England (migrant aid societies; when
she shall come for herself; when the voice of her
people shall be fairly ascertained, and gathered up
and presented here, it will be time enough for the
Senatqjand the House of Representatives—for the
Congress, to regulate their action, and, if they
have committed an error, to right it.
In the mean time, I repeat, she is not asking
additional renewed agitation, here or elsewhere,
through the country; and, in my humble judg-
ment, but for the agitation which has been engen-
dered in Congress, which originated here, which
had its seat and its home from among statesmen
and politicians, outside of the borders of Kansas,
her record would have been a very different one
from that which exists to-day, and which has in-
duced the shedding of blood in Kansas, which has
diverted the attention of the people there, the hon-
est, bona fide settlers of that country, front the
•pursuits of husbandry, from the pursuits of peace.
I see no occasion for reviving this question at this
hour, and at this time. Will you let Kansas alone,
when she herself elects to pursue the course of
peace, and to bide her own time, to be governed
by her own volition, and her own will > or must
agitation, useless, in my judgment, originate here?
Is it germane to the question before the Senate?
Does it pertain legitimately to the bill under con-
sideration that a restriction, now dead, now obso-
lete, now inoperative,must be repealed? Where-
fore ?
It is said by the organs of the party represen ted
in part by the gentleman from New Hampshire,
and said, I think, outside of the record, and in
disregard of the fact, also, that when a comparison
is instituted between Oregon and Kansas, that
Kansas has a much larger population than Ore-
gon. That I do not conceive to be true. I believe
Oregon has thirty-three and one third per cent,
more inhabitants to-day than Kansas has ever
boasted. That is affirmed; but if it be true, as it
is alleged in some quarters, that she has an amount
of population equal to the ratio of representation
in the House of Representatives, where is the
necessity of the repeal of that which is, in effect
and in fact, a dead letter? If she has the popula-
tion, it is no kindness to her, and would not be,
if sh'e were now moving in the formation of a
State government.
If, sir, the effect of my vote on the proposed
amendment was simply to affirm my non-concur-
rence in the original restriction, or if by recording
an affirmative vote, I could render any kindness
to the people of Kansas; if it were to contrib-
ute to staunch any bleeding wound; if it were to
eventually restore peace to Kansas, where dis-
order now reigns; if it were to facilitate her intio-
duction into the sisterhood of States, in pursu-
ance of her ascertained will, then I should not
hesitate to vote affirmatively; but neither of these
things are to be accomplished by this vote. I
think the proper issue, the proper result, to be st-
ained by any vote at this time upon this question,
should be labeled all over "Bune6mbe;" «nd
therefore I shall vote against the proposition^
Mr. HALE. I was going to iSay that I had
heard before a good many such speeches as thas
to which we have just listened; but I have not. I
have heard, however, the staple of it; bleeding
wounds and agitation and all that sort of thing';
and I think I have heard all the changes -thatcati
be profitably rung on it; but there is one p?rt
of the Senator's speech to which I desire to reply.
He says my amendment is not germane to this
bill. Let me read what is in the bill by the rec-
ommendation of the Finance Committee:
" To enable the Secretary of the Interior to have taken
a census of the people of the Territory of Kansas, with a.
view to its admission into the Union as a State, ^20,000."
Now, sir, it is proposed to take a census. That
is a recommendation of the committee; and we
appropriate $20,000 to take the census of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas. In doing that, I want to say
to them that the restriction which we have im-
posed upon them—and it is the first time it was
ever imposed upon any Territory asking admis-
sion; that restriction which we have imposed, in
violation of our plighted faith to the country of
whom we purchased the territory; Siat restric-
tion which we have never practically applied in
any single instance; which is unjust, odious, and
unconstitutional, shall be obliterated. Does the
gentleman ask for peace, ? Does he ask that the
bleeding wounds may be staunched, and that agi-
tation may be crushed .? Why, sir, the best way
in all the world to do that is to begin by doing
justice. The best way to begin is by telling those,
inside or outside of Kansas, who are for getting
up agitation, that so far as tlie Government of the
United States is concerned, we take no part in it;
we take off our heavy hand; we forbear to pun-
ish you, because you have not submitted to our
dictation hitherto; and we repeal this odious and
unjust restriction; one so odious and so unjust
that gentleman tell us if Kansas were here, ask-
ing admission, they would feel bound to disre-
gard it.
Sir, Kansas is not here, because this act tells
her she cannot come here. Kansas is not here
with her constitution, because, by the enactment
of the last session of this Congress, you have
forbidden her to come, and now when you your-
selves'are taking the initiative, when you are re-
newing the question by proposing to take a cen-
sus, all we ask of you is to tell Kansas that she
may stand as every other Territory has stood,
and that she may come into the Union without
this violation of treaty fakh.
The cries of agitation, and all that sort of thing,
have no terrors for me; and let me say, and I wilt
say it with all kindntss, that the cry of agitation
comes with an ill-grace fronA any friend of this
Administration or its predecessor. The agitation
of this country has come from President-Pierce
and President Buchanan. The agitation comes
from those who are trying to call agitators. The
agitation comes from those who are first to cry
out against it. It comes from the Administration;
it comes from Congress, in undertaking to apply
this restriction here, which they have notapphed
in any other case. But, sir, having answered the
principal part which I intended to answer, and
that was that my amendment was notgermane to
the bill, I leave the matter to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My vote upon this question
will be determined by the adoption of another
clause, which is already in the bill. 1 see no
reason for bringing up this Kansas question at
this time. My opinions, in opposition to the re-
strictive clause, pre well known. I have not mod-
ified them in the slighfest degree, and do npt ex-
pect to modify them. But, sir, I do not consider
that this question has been introduced by the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire.
There is a provision in the bill reported by the
committee to take the census of Kansas.
Mr. C0LLAMER. Has t'hat amendment been
adopted ? 1 have just come in.
