1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
It is not only in regard to the manufacture of
railroad lion that our home manufacturers have
this ruinous competition from abroad. The sur-
plus products of cotton and woollen manufac-
tures in England are sent here for sale, and gen-
erallysold at or below the cost of production.
This is done rather than sell them at home; for
that would bring down the price there; and the
whole home market is secured at a profit to the
manufacturer. It would be for the advantage of j
the foreign manufacturer to throw the surplus \
products into the ocean rather than sell them at !
home. All that is obtained for these products, :
,above the freight and insurance, may be consid- |
ered profit. In this way, American manufacturers
are brought in competition, as to price, with the
prices of the surplus products of foreign countries. .
Ought this policy to be successful ? I must say, :
for one, J think it will be a shame to our legisla-
tion if it should. I am not, however, on our tariff
policy, but only on this single question: Where
shall we get the iron to build this road r My an-
swer is, get it at home. If Congress will say so,
we shall get it cheaper, actually cheaper, than we
can get it abroad, and at the same time give hope
and cheer to the depressed labor of our country.
I do not require to be told that these opinions
and doctrines are contrary to the policy of what
is called the Democratic party. It would be quite
unavailing to urge arguments to any (I trust there
are none such here) who accept the decisions of
party as ultimate truths in politics, and as infal-
lible authorities in legislation. I may surely in-
voke the aid of those who regard the name of
Andrew Jackson as an authority. In his letter
to Dr. Coleman, in 1824, he says:
" Heaven smiled upon and gave us liberty awl independ-
ence and national defense. If we omit or refuse to use the
gifts which ho 1ms extended to us, we deserve not the con-
tinuation of His blessings. He ha< filled our mountains and
our plains with Wd, iron, and copper, and given us climate
and toil for tlx* growing of hemp and wool. These being
the grand material defense, they ought to-have extended to :
them adequate and fair piotection, that our manufacturers ;
and laborers may be placed in a fair competition with those ,
of Europe, and that we may have withm our country a '
supply of those leading and important article?, so e<«ential
in war." * * "in shoit, su, we have ■
been too lone subject to the policy of the British merchants.
It is tune that \vr-> s-hould become a little moic vSiucn^ttn-
ized; and instead of feeding the paupers and iaboiers ot Eng-
land, feed our own ; or eNe, m a short time, by ewumumg .
our pioent policy, we shall all be reiidenjd paupwss our-
selvp>."
This was good Democracy thirty years ago;
though now, I suppose, it has ceased to be so. ■
Still, it indicates our best and wisest national pol-
icy—a policy to which we shall be compelled to :
return before we shall have a permanent national
prosperity. I
Mr. President, Senators have spoken of this ■
work as agieat,a Herculean undertaking. Such,
indeed, it is; the very idea of it lifts us almost ;
into the regions of the sublime. Old Home boasted
of her Appictn way; and France points to the road 1
over the Simplon as one of the monuments of the '
genius and power of her Napoleon. The work
we contemplate is mightier far than those. Let
us enter into it with pride as an American work;
and let us determine that the material which com- ,
poses it shall be of American T>ngm and Ameri-
can manufacture.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I think we have ,
given sufficient protection to the manufacturers
of American railroad iron in the bill as reported
from the select committee. The proviso in the ■
seventh section is in these words;
•" That if American manufactured railroad iron, of equal
qualities «-hall be offered to the s-aid eo'Uiactnig part>,
which, including all items of cost of manufacture, tale, and
delivery, fhali not exceed the like com of ttieh mm ob-
tained ir<tm foreign countries, the Ameucau manufactured
iron >ha)l be pieteriedand used by said contracting pain
Thus it is made obligatory on the contractors
to use American railroad iron, if the same quality
can he obtained at the same prices as foreign iron.
I think that m passing a bill of this description,
we should not be obliged to ^o lurther than that,
and t-ay that, they shall use Amtrican iron exclu- ■
sively. It might embarrass the woik veiymuch.
We might not be able foget a sufficient supply
to meet the wants of the country in prossina:for-
ward the woiK. 1 hope the Senator from Con-
necticut wjJ] ste that ail the advantage tnat is
legitimate is given to the American manufacturer
of railroad iron by the bill in its present shape.
Mr. FOSTER." 1 am sorry 1 cannot see the j
protection which the honorable Senator from Cal- i
ifornia points out*, for really, when examined, it I suitable for railroads which is not thought by
does not appear tome to be any protection at all. i railroad contractors, and by those who build rail-
Jt is, that the contractors shall take American i roads, too superior to be used? I very well un-
*rC7\/r^ the same price. j! derstand the fact that foreign iron is preferred to
Y^-i?T;nAll^,the same quality^ j! American iron, because it is cheaper; and that
iV3r. i?OMER. The same quality and the ,j the English iron so preferred isinferior in quality;
same price. Well, every railroad man knows that >! and yet I do not know why it is that American'
American iron for railroads is far superior to for- jl manufacturers cannot produce any quality of any
eign iron. There is no necessity for requiring ij requisite goodness and sufficiency to make it de~
the contractors to take it, if they can get it at the manded at their hands. I should hke to know from
same priceas foreign iron; for they will be ex- 'j the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bicler,]
if he will inform me, whether it is possible under
ceedingly glad to do so, because everybody knows
it is better. Therefore, really, while professing
(and sincerely, no doubt) regard to American in-
terests, this provision affords them no protection
whatever—not the slightest.
Mr. GWIN. I think the Senator will admit
that the quality is to be taken into consideration
as well a.s the price; and the quality being equal,
if the price is the same, they must take American
iron. Then, if the quality of American iron is
better, let it be taken into consideration, and the
this provision in the bill to secure a supply of such
iron as is wanted—poor,ifpoor iron is to be ha'd?
Perhaps the Senator from Pennsylvania will en-
lighten me on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will call the roll.
Mr. SIMMONS. Before I vote on this propo-
sition, I .should like to say a word. Perhaps the
Senator from Pennsylvania did not hear the ap-
peal made to him to give the Senate information
contractors will be forced to take American iron ij as to the quality of railroad iron manufactured in
   this country. 1 have .been told, I think, by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, that in the trial of the
rails upon the Central road, in Pennsylvania,
which is all made of American iron, it has been
found that the wear of that road does not exceed
one tenth annually of the wear of common-Eng-
lish rails.
The Senator from New York asks us why we
. . cannot make the poor rails? I was inclined to
It was intended by the committee, I know, that J vote for this amendment for the purpose of keer>-
tlie quality should be brought into consideration \ \ ing poor rails off this road, and thus prevent ac-
• *, . ;! cidents. Would any one like to have a national
Mr. £ OSTER. Tnat is true, Mr. President; but :t road made with rails so poor that a man would have
|j to give seventy-five per cent, to insure the safety
at the higher price.
Mr. SEWARD. Read that clause again,
Mr. GWIN. It says expressly:
<k If American manufactured raihoad i'on of equal qual-
ities f-halt be offered to the <=aid contracting party, which,
including all items of cost of manufacture, sale, and deliv-
ery, fell all not exceed the like co*.t of such iron obtained
from foreign countries, the Ameucan manufactured iron
shall be preferred and used by said contracting party."
, still it does not provide that the contractors shall
take the best iron, duality, it is true, is spoken
of in the bill; but there is no requirement that the
, best iron shall be taken. If that were so, and the
; contractors were bound to take the best iron,
. then, I think, there would be protection in the
i clause; but as it now is, as I suggested before, I
1 think there is not the slightest.
But besides, ou this subject of quality, there is 1
of his neck in going overit ? [Laughter.] It is this
cheap, poor stuff that has ruined the country,and
broken the necks of more men than all other
causes of accident put together. A late Senator
from Missouri showed me, when I was here on
business some six or eight years ago, a sample of
iron ore he had with him; and he told me that in
making some railroad in Missouri, they had
: in the United States no railroad iron manufac- j; graded"the road with this ore, which had sixty or
tured o.f a quality so poor as a good deed that is .j seventy per cent, of pure metal in it; and after
brought from abroad; and, of coursft, the piice of : j grading the road with ore, in the neighborhood of
that would be cheaper than any American rail- ji coal beds, they had laid the road with English
road iron, because we have none so poor. There ;j iron for rails ! 1 have no purpose to complain of
is no restriction^ but that the cheapest iron may ij anybody "s making a road, if it is made by private
, be bought; and in that state of things, iron could ij capital, with just such material as they please,
be imported_ that would not enter into competi- j; provided they have it strong enough not to break
: tion at all with the home market if like quality {] people's necks who travel over it; but here we
was to be the rule. As it regards any embarrass- j' are gomt; to make a road at the expense of the
ment to the work in consequence of our not pro- nation—for no man will pretend, however inge-
ducing enough to make this road, I think that is |j mously the provisions of the bill may be drawn,
an imaginary danger based on rro real foundation, j; that this road is fo be built by private enterprise,
Why, sir, it would take, I suppose, from two
hundred thousand to three hundred thousand
tons, probably, to make this road, reckoning; one
hundred tons to the mile. We have made m this
country more than a hundred and fifty thousand
tons in a single year, and can make greatly more
or private capital. There are, to be sure, some
provisions m it that you shall pay double the rate
of interest on that capital that you could hire
the money for yourselves to build the road; for
you cannot get a railroad man to invest money in
a railroad upon any such probable return of
than that. We can make enough in one year to ij profits, as we can hire money for upon the bonds
build the whole road. There can be no possible 1' of the United States. That, I suppose, everybody
embarrassment to the work, either in delaying it ;; will admit.
or in the price paid for the iron, if the amend-
ment bo adopted. I ask for the yeas and nays on
its adoption.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. Air. President, when this bill
was under consideration in the committre, this
question of giving an opportunity to American
manufacturers tosupnly the iron, was debated at
some length, and with a sincere desire, 1 think, on
the part of the committee, to secure the benefit of
the employment of A me neon mechanics and man-
ufacturers in furnishing the materials for this road.
I thought at the time that the provision contained
m the bill would answer that, puinose. I think I
drew it myself, and I supposed that it would proa
But, asidefrom that consideration, I believe that
upon a route of this extent, away from places con-
venient for repairs, it would be cheapcr, and a
matter of real economy, to pay double price origin-
ally for the rails, so as to have them of the most
superior kind of iron than it would be to use poor
rails, where, if a rail broke, or a car broke, you
would have to go a thousand miles to find a placo
where civilization had reared machine-shops to
make repairs. It is a very different thing to build
a railroad through a desert two thousand miles
without any means for repairs,from what it is to
build it where you have a machine-shop every day
within half an hour of you. Asa matter of mere
economy and safety, the very best railroad iron
  ' " " ' ' " I have no
ably secuie the use of American material for the : should be laid upon these distaniroutes.
rails. I am von" desirous to secure that obiect . doubt, myselr, tnat a contract of this magnitude
" - " wouldfumishacompetiU'onto supply such a con-
tract as would produce the h on at the lowest pos-
i sibie cost of production. There is no doubt about
: it. Ifihiee hundred thousand tons of railroad iron
now; and I see no objection to the amendment of
the honorable Senatoi from Connecticut,and shall
vote for it with great pleasure if it is thought by
the friends of that interest that it will be more
effective in securing this object.
But 1 should like to know* beforehand, fiom the
Senators from Pennsylvania, or Maryland, or
New Jersey, who are moie familiar with the man-
ufacture of hon than I am, why it is that we are
the amount to be used, the contractors, whether
' they be the Government or anybody else, would
| be able to get rails of the best quality at the lowest
j possible cost that could be afforded. A good
quality of railroad iron should be secured at all
unable in this country to produce a quality of iron d events, let it cost what it would.
