144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20.
and Iunderstand the experience to be thatit wears
at the rate of more than one per cent, per annum
better than the foreign iron. A more striking case
could not, perhaps, be found, than is presented
in the experience of the Pennsylvania railroad,
and that of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. I
have not the particular facts at hand, but tliey
are said to be almost incredible as to the striking
difference between the durability of the iron in
these two roads, the latter being constructed of
foreign iron, and being much the most perishable.
I think that the Senator from New York [Mr.
Seivard] has taken the safe view of this subject—
■the strong, practical view; and I agree with him
that it matters little what the terms of this bill
may be, the railroad will be constructed of Amer-
ican iron, as it ought to be. It will be constructed
of American iron, because the capitalists who will
engage in the construction of this work will go
about it like far-seeing business men. They will
consider the interests of the enterprise in which
they are engaged, and they will consider the qual-
ity of the iiou as much as the price. In fact, it
enters into the real value of the article. If the
American iron will last much longer than the
foreign, no man of sense will pay the same price,
for the latter. Then there is, in addition, the
inland freight to the eastern terminus of the pro-
posed road, which, in itself, would amount to a
Very considerable rate of duty; and, most undoubt-
edly, 1 may assume that railroad iron establish-
ments will be put into operation as near the vi-
cinity of this road as practicable. There is no
difficulty whatever in establishing woiks of this
kind m the State of Missouri, along the banks of
the, Missouri river, with every facility of produc-
tion and transportation. I can speak on this sub-
ject freely, without being liable to the charge of
selfishness, because I cannot see that my constit-
uents arc very directly interested. I should think
it very singular if, in the course of ten or twelve
years, which would be lequired to construct this
great improvement, iron establishments should !
not be brought into existence m the western States i
which would exclude those in the Atlantic. I |
take it, sir, you would find the iron supplied by.|
different establishments along the line of this i
great improvement as it may progress, and that ]
the foreign article will not, as it never should, be
used. 1
Sir, I have no partialities or prejudices on a I
subject of this kind. 1 am perfectly prepared to
treat it as a broad business question; but,at the
same time, 1 am free to say that 1 am anxious to
secure the construction of this gieat work of]
American material. With an abundance til' raw
material in the veiy vicinity of lis eastern term-
inus; with every facility possessed by any other
country; with greater enterprise and higher skill
than aie to be found elsewhere, why should it not
be so? Why should wo import an article which
is so abundant in our own country, and which, it j
is admitted, is produced heie of superior quality ? j
I am willing to put this hill if) rjuito as strong terms
as those suggested by the Senator from Connec- '
ticut to sceurc this end; not that I would throw an
obstacle in the way of thi« great enteipii^e for a
moment, fori am its friend ;"nor that 1 would be ;
willing to assert a selfish or contracted principle; :
hut because 1 believe the policy right, aiui, at the .
same time, it would not at all interfere with the '
enterprise. This road will be better built, it will 1
be more cheaply constructed, when made of Amor- ■
ican, than of any other iron; at least, such is my '
deliberate judgment. j
I should, under other circumstances, take up !
the details of the experience that wo have had on !
this subject; but,as 1 lemmked before, I have suf- I
fered so intensely this morning that I find myself '
unable to proceed. Certainly, 1 am &afc in say- j
ing that, amongst experienced railroad men and
iron men, there is now no difference of opinion as
to the superior character of American iron. They
all agree that the American atticle is better than
the foreign; and I think we should a^iec-, how-
ever much we may differ on the tauff question,
that, if we should seek to secure the use of the
Amciican article in any imptovement, it should
be in this. The Pacific laihoad is to be a woik
not only national m its character, but it is neces-
sarily to rcceive its aid and countenance from the
Government at Washington alone. It is more
especially to represent the Government and the
people of the United States than any other im-
! provement which has been or ever can be made,
i I would have it of American material, because I
! believe it would be best; it would be cheapest; it
; would be more durable; and I think such a course
| would be more consistent with th§ feelings of the
; American people. I have no contracted notions,
| as you are aware, sir, on the subject of using for-
| eign products. I have no disposition whatever
j to insist upon a selfish principle; but, in this in-
I stance, I think it would be well to secure the con-
, struction of this great national work with Amer-
, ican iron. This policy will, I am confident, throw
| no embarrassments in its way, nor in any way
. impede the progress of the work, or enhance its
| cost to the owners.
j Mr. IVERSON. I propose to say a few words
; on this amendment. The committee who reported
j this bill gave the preference in 'the use of the iron
I by wMfeh this road is to be constructed to Amer-
j ican iron of the same quality and cost as foreign
j railroad iron; but the Senator from Connecticut
, and liis friends aie not satisfied with that. They
demand now that there shall be a positive and un-
| qualified obligation on the part of the constructors
1 of this road to use American iron at any cost, no
j matter what that may be. Now, sir, according
i to the provisions of this bill, those who construct
Is this road will have to take American iron of the
■ I same cost and same quality over any foreign iron
jj which may be imported. The present duty on
j| iron is thirty per cent. The consequence is, that
|| the constructors of this road will have to pay thirty
ij per cent, to the American manufacturer more than
I! they would have to give for the vast amount of
iron that will be necessary to construct this road,
if they were allowed to go to Europe and purchase
the iron there free of duty. The average distance
of this road is, I understand, about two thousand
miles. At about sixty pounds to the lineal yard,
it would take one hundred and twenty tons of iron
for each mile. This bill prescribes that the iron
shall weigh seventy-five pounds to the yard. It
would therefore take probably one hundred and
forty or one hundied and fifty tons of iron to the
mile to construct this road. But, at the low esti-
mate of one hundred tons, which is as low as could
possibly be made, it will lequire two hundred
thousand tons of iron to construct the road on a
single track, to say nothing of the turnouts and
the branches.
Now, sir, at the present rate of duty, or pre-
mium, which Atneiican ironmongers have by the
operation of the present tariff, they get a benefit
of about fifteen dollars per ton; the iron costing
originally about forty dollars a ton, I think; that
brinj? about the average cost of English iron. To
that is to be added thirty per cent, duty, making
twelve dollars. The cost and charges being added
would make a difference of about fifteen dollars
a ton. Thatis the advantage which the American
ironmonger has now over the foreign manufac-
turer. At fifteen dollars a ton on the two hundred
thousand tons, it w ould make the constructors of
this road pay to the American manufacturers
$3,000,000 more than they would have to give if
they had not to pay thnty per cent, on the im-
portation of foreign iron.
But that, it seems, is not enough; the amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut proposes
that the constructors of this road shall be com-
pelled to buy the American iron, no matter at
what cost. That would putitin the power of the
large American manufacturers, by combination,
to put up the price of their iron to any sum they
chose to demand of the constructors of this road.
Two hundred and fifty thousand tons of iron is
no small amount to manufacture, and no peisons
, could supply it except the large manufacturers,
; and by a concert of action they could make the
■ company which proposes to construct this road
i pay any price they chose to demand, over and
I above the fifteen dollars per ton advantage which
; they would have by the operation of our present
| tauff. If by a combination of this sort they make
' the constructors of this road pay only ten dollars
, additional price for each ton, that would make a
difference of $2,000,000 more, which, added to the
$3,000,000, the result of the taiiff, would make
$5,000,000, which whoever constructed this road
| would have to pay for the benefit of the Pennsyl-
I vania manufacturers of iron. That is the long
and sho  t of it.
Now, if the company that is to build this road
were foreign capitalists, if it was to b® built of
foreign capital and by foreign people, and the ben?
efits were to inure to foreigners, then there might
be some plausibility in demanding of them this
very large contribution to the patriotism of the
iron manufacturers of this country. Although it'
would be unjust, in my opinion, still we might",
perhaps, be excused, in that contingency, com?
mitting so great an outrage on the sense of justice
of every honorable man in the country, by com-
pelling the persons who construct this "road to
contribute $5,000,000 for the benefit of the .man-
ufacturers of this country. But, sir, I wish you
to remember that this road, if constructed at all,
is to be constructed of domestic capital, is to inure
to the benefit of our own people. Americans are
to construct this road, in all probability,*out of
their own capital, for their own benefit. Then
the proposition is to compel one company of
American people to contribute at least $5,000,000
for the benefit of northern manufacturers.' Is
there any justice or propriety in that? You pro-*
pose to compel this company to buy'their iron
where these gentlemen desire, to restrict their
purchases to American iron, and thereby to con-
tribute the large sum of $5,000,000, to take it out
of the pockets of one set of American capitalists
and put it into the pockets of another set of Amer-
ican capitalists.
Sir, I hold that that is unjust. It is wrong in
principle; and it is wrong in policy; because the
construction of this load is no small matter at
best. The amounts which have been estimated for
it, I think, ran^e from eighty to two hundred mil-
lion dollars. Not one of the routes can be con-
structed for less than $80,000,000. When you add
$5,000,000 to the cost of construction, you at least
throw that much more obstacle in the way of its
being constructed. Is it politic that we should
throw this embarrassment in the way? No, sir.
Let us remove everything we can, let us take off
every burden and restriction. With the Senator
from North Caiohna, I think it would be good
policy, in order to secure the construction of this
road, not only to leave the contractors free to buy
iion wherever they thought proper to buy it, but
to take off the thirty per cent, duty laid by the
tariff, so that they might buy their iron for the
smallest possible price. This would be a large
encouragement to the construction of the road, it
is very doubtful whether this road will be con-
structed under any circumstances; and surely the
prospect of its construction will be lessened by
the imposition of the burdens which theSenatois
on the other side propose to inflict upon it.
Now, sir, so far as regards the comparative
value of Ameucan and English iron, I do not
think there is a very great difference. I am not
; very familiar with these statistics; but two years
j ago, a very distinguished Pennsylvanian who was
i here, the president of a very important railroad
j in that State, a gentleman who was here as the
I representative of the iron interest and the rail-
| road interest of that State, endeavoring to pre-
vent a reduction of the duties on iron—I allude
to Mr. Chambers, of Philadelphia—who, I sup-
pose, is ptobably known to the Senator from
Pennsylvania told me that the experiments
proved this: that when American iron would last
thirteen years, English iron of the same price
would last only about ten or eleven years.
That is the difference between them. The ratio
is as ten or eleven is to thirteen.
I think, sir, the bill goes far enough when it
compels the contractors to use American iron,
when they can get it as cheap and as good as
they can got the foreign material. That seems
to me to be quite sufficient. Let it be left to their
own sense of piopriety and economy. If the
American iron of the same cost is better than
the English iron, they will not hesitate to buy
the American iron. This bill goes far enough
when it says, that between two materials of the
same cost, and the same quality, they shall be
compelled to discriminate m favor of American
iron; and I object to a policy which would con-
fine them to American iron, and compel them
to take up with the exorbitant combinations and
extortions of the American manufacturers. That
must necessarily be the result if the amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut prevails. •
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 23; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Bigler, Broderick, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Fessendun, Foot, Fos-
