THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED *BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 22,1858.
New Series....No. 10.
tcr, Hale, Harlan, Houston, Kennedy, King, Seward, Sim-
mons, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Bright, (.'lay, Clmgman, Davis,
Durkce, Pitch, Fitzpotrick, Green, Gwm, Hammond. Hun-
ter, I vei son,.lohnson of Tennessee. Jones, Mallory, Mason,
Polk, Reid, Kice, Sebastian, Stuart, and Ward—23.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. WARD. Would it be in order now to
offer an amendment to the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart m
the chair.) The Chair would inform the Sena-
ator that an amendment is now pending, and
therefore his proposition would not be in order
at this time. The amendment now before the
Senate is one submitted by the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Fosti.ii;] which is, in section ten,
line sixteen, after the word "yard" to insert " or
such other track as the President shall decide to
he equivalent thereto in strength and security;"
so as to make the section read:
With rails of the best quolity, weighing not les= than
seventy-five pounds to the yard, or such other tiack as the
President shall decide to be equivalent thereto in strength
and security
transmitting accounts of all disbursements for the
benefit of Indians during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1858; which was laid upon the table and
ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same: _
An act (H. R. No. 342) for the relit^pf John
Campbell; • . ;
An act (H. R. No. 318) recognizing the assign- j
ment on land warrant No. 35,95G, issued to John ;
I Davis, as valid; and j
j An act (H. R. No. 302) to continue the office |
! of tegister of the land office at Vineemies, Indiana. ;
CLAIM OF MASSACHUSETTS. j
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask the unanimous con- I
: sentof the House to offer the following resolution: ]
Mr. FOSTER. This amendmenthas reference
to the weight of the iron. The bill, as it stands,
requires the rails to weigh at least seventy-five
pounds to the yard. The amendment provides
that it may be that or such other track (that is,
a rail of greater or lesser weight) as the President
shall decide to be of equal security.
Mr. SEWARD. It seems to me the amend-
ment does not express that idea. " Such other
track" does not seem t4o have any reference to the
weight of the iron in the track. Say " such other
weight."
Mr. FOSTER. Perhaps " such other weight
of rail" would be a better expression, and I mod-
ify my omeedment in that way.
Mr*. SEWARD. I suggest to the honorable
Senator whether it wouhl not be better to say
" such greater weight." I do notwanta railroad
made of rails weighing hsj than seventy-five
pounds to t'nevard. .
Mr. FOSTER. There are rails of less weight,
which, ill the opinion of engineers, oil a peculiar
construction, are equally as safe, and indeed
safer, than those weighing sso\ cnty-iive pounds to
the yard.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
Air. FOSTER. There will be no danger, 1
apprehend, of the Executive selecting one of loss
weight, unless it shall be shown to be abundantly
equal in strength and security. It seems to me it
is desirable, m a lull of tins sort, to avoid details
as much as possible on a matter oi tins kind; that
is, that we should not tic it up to any express,
precise number of pounds.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an-
other amendment—one offered by the Senatoi
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson;] ill the ninth
and tenth lines of the fust section, to strike out
the words " the most eligible route, reference be-
ing had to feasibility, shortness, and economy,
ami insert " tile shoi test practicable route between
the parallels oflatnude thirty-five and forty-two.'
Mr. SEWARD. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The veas and nays were ordeied.
Mr. SEWARD. That is a very important
aniendmi nt, and we shall not have time to discuss
it to-day. I move thai the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.    
Retired, That the Coniin.tlee oil Mill' iry Affiles he dl-
rected to inquire into t!)° e^p^d^ocy of making an appro-
priation to satisfy the claim of Massichu^eit-11'or advances
for tiie United States in the wat ot k-H-15 witn (xient
Britain, a- audited by Hon. Joel ft Poinsett, late Secretary
of War; the said audit having been iep">rteil to the iiou-c
j December 53,1837, and harm-; I«' cn nrule undei a ic?oJu-
i uon of Congress, approved May 14,1S33.
Mr. HUGHES. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Massaclwse'ts to the notice which I
gave the other day, and under which I am con-
strained to object to I'.is resolution.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move a sn;.pension of the
rales to enable me to offer the i-esoletion.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion already
pending to suspend the rules.
THE eighth census.
Mr. PHELPS, of Miesrmi". I believe there
HOUrfE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 20, leas.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer ^
by ll.'v.T. W.Gri-xr. j
Tin- Journal < t' Friday last was read and ap- j
proved.
t disbursements to indians.
The SPEAKER hud before the House a corn-
ir.uniuUHJii fiom the Secretary ot tuc til ewoi,
10
is a resolution now pending to suspend the rules
for the introduction of a resolution. ^1 desire to
make a suggestion to the House. We are now
approaching the holidays. From the suggestions
made in conversation among;-; members, it is prob-
able that neither House of Congress will be m
session ne\:t week. Tiiat, however, is a matter
yet to be determined; but at any rate the House
will not be ill session more than two or three days.
There is a special order, the pension bill, in tne
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and no other business can be considered in that
j committee until the special order is disposed of. i(
i I am verv desiious that the penmen bill shah be 1
I disposed'of, in order that we may act upon two
I of the appropriation bah, and taK:e up the^ res-
! ident's annual message this week. The urns 1
| desire to have acted on, are the pi nsion appro- ,
' pnation bill and the bill making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the .
next year. I presume thev w.i! give rise to little
or no discussion, and may be passed before the ,
holidays. Tne debate can then tike place on tne
Piesideiit's annual message. With a view of
disnosui" of the so&eial older, I iv,o\e that the
rules be suspended, and that fie liouse resolve
itself into the Committee of the "Vv iiou: on tne
state of the Union .
The SPEAKER. There is a motion to suspend
the rules alieidy p. ndnig. Tne gentleman from
' Indiana [Mr. Hsw] moved, on Monday last,
t'-at the rules be suspended so as to enaole mm
i to introduce the following resolution, objection
i having been made to it:
i lie ,jlicf. Tent the Coram,t"v of Ways ae.i llean« be.
1 mid leev .ue I"" ir.-'iIK;-t to 11. !'■ • ' .' « I>"itae,„
ui;.!niM',,.ip.e!ei..'e l^!M -U''-1 '' 'l' - "V-H'.l
I may, 1.1 then" juj'.eiient. be uqi.io-,1 i.u tiannu, t..* u,.u.i
oonsvw ihe United n j lM ' " J'.
j act uu'U
i ren-u-.^ oi tlv: United ^fate- tuvl lo Jv mvunuum oi t.n,
1 laou'beis of the or Kepi^cirauvei, anu! fjiovtoi
then Ur.tue app'H ti.nunoiit among ti<e .-ev^ia) • tate .'
Mr. DA.VIS, of Indiana. 1 desire to a&k my
ooSh'tvac to modify his lesnluuoii s nnew.iat. so
as to moke it a resolution uf inquiry instead ol a
ie3oluti.ni of pot.i'ive i,ietrue!.on. _ _
Mr. HUGHES I have no oojection to that,
sir.
The resolution was accordingly modified so as
to read:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be,
and they ate hereby, instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of preparing and reporting a bill, &c.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and, on a division, there were—
ayes 97, noes 33.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
The question rccurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Speaker, I wish to sub-
mit a remark or two, but will not detain the
House ten minutes. Before doing so, however,
I desire to have the resolution again reported.
The Clerk again read the resolution. t
Mr. HUGHES. My object, Mr. Speaker, in
presenting this resolution to the House,is to call
the attention of the House to the state of the law-
providing for the taking of the census. If that
law is to" be Din-sued in the taking of the next
census—and t think that it ought to be—it seems
to me that it becomes the duty of this Congress
to appropriate money for that purpose under the
law.
If there is to be a change in the law, in order
to give time, it ought to be'madc by this Congress,
and a new law passed providing for the taking of
the eighth census; for it is a matter that will re-
quire considerable time andelieitconsiderable dis-
cussion.
The act of 23d May, 1850, the title of which
is recited in this resolution, provides not only for
the taking of the last or seventh census, but for
that of the eisrluh, or any subsequent census, in
the absence of any new law for that purpose. The
following in the section to which I refer:
2.') ~3> file it tui thee enacted. Tiiat if no other law
be pe.«;\! piov.iiiiej for the talons? of the eighth, or any sub-
^ c'.'ii ••!!" 01 the United States, on or before the lwt
d<u <J.'i'uary. ol' nny jvai when, by the Constitution of
the United SUiro>, an\ Intther enuirjpration of the inliabit-
n.iH tlj loot is lequired to be taken, ?-ueIi census shall, in
all tir!,Lr-, bo taken taid completed according to the provis-
ions oi ibis act."
it seems to me, therefore, that we have a law
now in force providing for the taking of the eighth
cpks'ir, which contains the forms of schedule and
everything necessary for that purpose. All that
is needed is an appropriation of money for carry-
ing it out. I observe that the Secretary of the
Interior asks an appropriation of $15,000, prelim-
inary to the talcing of the next census; but that
does not cover the expense of actually taking the
census. The following is the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Interior:
The Constitution piovidcs that the actual enumerationof
the ini:abitat'K ol* the Uimcd Slates shall be taken at pen-
oe- oi evei v ten vear-, m ^ueh manner a-, bhall be directed
bv l iav. The near npfiioacii of the period for taking the
cr'bih eeiuis--, mak^t- it incumbent upon Congress at this
M^'-son to pi ovule the means necessary tor the commence-
m •' The luv Tuino /ed ."\T<iy ^3. J 8.10, providing for taking the
seventh census, was diawn with great care, and it requires
n no other iaw fliali be passed pnor to the first dayot
■ lilu.6iiper-e.liie: it. the Heeretary of the Interior
-hali nr<,.'eed lo l.Ae tile ciul'th census aeeoiiling to its pro-
vide The plan ol the eeiisus was devised bya census
beuril ol* eminent men. and wa* tne result of unusual pre-
p nation, it wa< repel ad to, mid adopted by, Congre® atler
U."t'.-l seirehLK acut.i.y ie.,d careful amendment, and
me^o'ited no le.itiiro which metrposed any obstacle to its
e,i-v ('\eeuiion. It* schedules were full and eomprelietv-
.j, .. ,v ii,,.;:] v.t not only ascertained the numbei and
eii,n!u-terofonr poiinlaiiori", and tile co"dit ?" °5miraced
tine luiuufucues, and tiade, but they also emhraced
n S scone the examination of many moral and
«oc\i. V.T- illu-tiativo of the intellige^ee, prosperity, Mid
i rim nc ' nf tbe ivonie • the duration ot iifo, and the causes
o • a The value of S developments will he greatly
e-e- ineed l.yluil. u.ufoimity •  future 0en;-«ses will en-
i)i:e u- to institute comparisons ajul cxa<*tlv uetcrmme our
n -re- w111 wh.cli the results lo.e most of the.r sif-
ie-ince a d mteiest. Althouuh the gnvtert preciuuons
S' evlneUd. H impn^Me to execute so
.-'r'.t ■> wo-K lor the firit tune without-some imperfections,
v-hiL-h the e>-p"ri''nee of the pust, it is hoped, will enable
ti,e Ilepartmeut to prevent m Hie lumre. lo change the
,ehe-lule«,or to enlili!.'- or multiply them, Will "to
' embarrass our ofi'ieetr.. a-ni Ihiow Mispieioil upon the aeea-
r.ei ""he irifeinuition obtained. With these views,! can-
not'do oth.-'-wi-e lhan lecoramond adherence to the lawof
jjaj ;23. 1K0. in tl:e belief that a eeifcus taken m accoid-
