1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
ment of the gentleman from Maine, reducing the
appropriation to $50,000. If that reduction be
agreed to, it will give an amount not sufficient for
the objectln view. On inquiry at the Post Office
I ascertained the purposes for which this $200,009
are designed. The largest item is for the rent of
post offices, for the fitting up of offices connected
with custom-houses, and for repairs of offices held
on leases by the Government. The next most
«considerable item is for fuel and lights in the post
offices. Then, this appropiiation is for station-
ery, and all other expenses incident to the carry-
ing on of the business of post offices, including
porterage, printing notices of mail arrangements,
cleaning offices'? &c.
There are other expenses charged to this mis-
cellaneous item. All postmasters, whose com-
pensation is less than fifty dollars a year, are per-
mitted to procure sealing wax, wrapping paper,
and twine, for the use of their offices, provided the
net proceeds of the office exceed twenty dollars a
year. Postmasters, whose commissions exceed
fifty dollars„a year, are required to obtain those
articles from the agencies for their distribution.
Wrapping paper, sealing wax,and twine, are pro-
cured by ihe Department under contracts, let,
afteradvertisement, to the lowest bidder, and sup-
plied to the several agencies constituted for their
distribution. Payments to these contractors are
made out of revenue, and chaiged under the head
of wrapping paper. All law expenses attending
the collection of debts due the Department, such
as the fees of United States attorneys, marshals,
and clerks of courts, are charged to this item.
To this account are also charged the necessary
expenses incurred by postmasters, who are often
required to collect drafts drawn upon postmasters
residing at a distance. Balances for weighing let-
ters in the post office, and tiie cost of the drafts
and warrants issued by the Department and the
Auditor's Office, in payment of debts, arc also
chaiged to that item.
The expenditures under this item, were, in
385"), #10tf,01l 29; in 1856,§200,080 40; in 1857,
$180,107 99; ami m 1858, &19:i,544 02. Fifty
thousand dollars, then, it will be seen, will not be
sufficient for the purpose. 1 am informed that
the whole of the $200,000 will be required for the
next fiscal year. Therefore, I hope that the com-
mittee will vote down the amendment.
Mr. SPINNER. f move the following pro-
viso; which will, 1 think, relieve the objection of
the gentleman from Maine, without reducing the
amount of the appropriation:
Pi ot vial, TIi.it it shall for the duty of I he PostnuiMei Gen-
eral lo i'urm.l. to Oonm e.-^. on the fn>t Monday of Do-t inlx-i
next, and of each and every yeai it if r carter, a detailed -aaie-
mentot the evpondiuues nude undei the head of miscella-
neous payments ; and that it t-liall not he lawiul to use any j
of the imnxw hricby appmpi lated for ihe defence of ;-uus 1
brought n^rtiiwt officer- oftbo Po-t Oilier Depart mrnt foi j
iiiallea-auec, mMeasance. or nonfeasance in offiee,or foi !
acts committed h\ them undei volorol Jaw in deiogatiun uf ]
the lights oi ejli/.ehs
Mr. Cli AWEORD. I understand that the gen-
tleman doi;s not propose to reduce the amount of
the appropriation; and therefore, I have no objec- :
tion tu his amendment.
The question was taken; and Mr. Abbott's
amendm< nt was rejected. !
The amendment of Spiyner was agreed to. ;
Mr. POTTER. 1 move to strike out the fol-
lowing*
Kni pui)h-!u!!!  a new edition of the Po-t Office iaw&and
i emulation ■=, and a list of po-t oiliee-, 15,000.
The edition that way published by Mr Rives,
was published nt an expense of $10,(HH), and I
understand that Mr. Rives paid one of the clcrks
of the Department, for the original mannscupt
copy, $2,500. it seems to me that this expense
is entirely unnecessary, and is only calculated to
afford another job for some cicrk in the Post Office
Department. 1 wish to have two letters read, one
Uom the Pustmaster General, and the other from
the Auditor of the Post Office Department.
Mr. SPINNER. 1 desire to say that the Post-
master General has stated that this edition is not
official; and it is very desirable that there shall
.be an official edition, so that it can bo used as
evidence in suits.
Mr. POTTER. This edition is so far official j
that the Postmaster General has used and circu- j
lated them as an official document. - ;
Mr. SP1N.NER. He says in his letter to the !
Senate that there has been no strictly official list
of the post offices published for several years.
Mr. POTTER. I ask for the reading of the
letters that I send to th§ Clerk's desk. *
The letters were-read, as follows:
Post Ofpice Department, Jnne 12, 1858.
Sir: In ansvvei to the lesolutiou of the Senate, of June
11, 1858,1 have the honor to state, that the books (List of
Post Offices, &c., i. e. " List of Post Offices, and Regula-
tions of the Post Office Department, compiled by D. D. T.
Leech, of the Post Office Department") referred to in my
answer to the Senate resolution of the 27th ultimo, were
purchased by order of the Postmaster General, from time
to tune, under authority conferred upon him by law to con-
duct the affairs and regulate the expenses of the Depart-
ment, and were paid for out of the apprnpuation for " mis-
cellaneous expenses," for the years 18.36, 18o7, and 1858.
The&e books were purchased and distnbuted by the De-
partment to its agents and postmasters, not so much on
account of the regulations contained in them as for the list
of post offices, which had been corrected up to a short tune
previous to their publication. To enable postmasters and
agents of the Department to perform their duties promptly
and coriectly, it has been found necessary, on account ot
the constant additions and changes therein,-to supply thorn
with the eoireeted lists of the post offices; and these li^ts
would have been of neaily the same value to the Depart-
ment without the regulations.
As explained m my communication to the Senate of
June 3, they were procured of individuals not only (or the
reasons above mentioned, but because no appropriation had
been made for the publication of such a manual under the
supervision and authoniy of the Department, and this was
the tnovt economical l/iode of supplying the deficiency
Moreover, from an examination ot the regulations therein,
it wa* behoved that they were geneially correct copies of
the official i emulations of the Department.
{ hciewith ti>in«mit a copy of the last official edition
(185:3) of the (emulations of the Depaitnieut, maikcd A, to-
gethei with punted eirrulars, marked tt and (J, winch, it is
believed, contain all the principal regulations now in use
for the guide and government of postmasters m the dis-
chaige of their duties. xMauy of the cncular icgulatnms
have been adopted <inee the publication ol s aul book of laws
and i emulations, (of 1852.)
T also tiansnnt a copy of a letter from the Auditoi of the
Trea^uiy for the Post Office Depaitment, showing the
amounts paid, and to whom, for said list of post offices,
&c. I have the honor to be, See.,
AARON V. DROWN,
lion. John O. Breckinridue, President of the United
Slates Senate.
Auditor's Office,
Post Office Department, .Tunc 11, 1838,
Sin : In compliance with your lequevt, I have the honor
to report that the following sums have been audited and paid
out ot the, appropriations for " miscellaneous items," lor the
fi-eal years ending June 30. 185G, 1837, and 1858.
May K, 185R. J Shilfington tbrfoui thousand five hundied
and fifty copies of' Lists of post offices and regulations,"
nt twenty five cents each, per order of James Campbell,
Posima-tei Goneial  $1,137 50
i November JSth. J Shilhngton, for tv.oHboua.and
! eopien   500 00
Amount paid J. Shillington.
$1,037 50
Oct. 8, 1857. Paid John C. Rives for fourteen thousand
seven hundred copies of the list of post offices, &c., at
thirty cents ear-h     $4,410 10
Octobei 27,1857. Amount paid John O. Hives for
fourteen thou>and eight hundred and fifty '
copies, at thmy cents ea<!i.,  4,45500
One hundred copies printed on ®uportine papei,
and bound with nioioceo backs and conicis, at
.seventy-five cents each 
Thirc hundred and fifty copies punted on super-
fine papei and bound in muslin, at foify-seven
cents eacli 
75 00
164 50
Amount paid to John O. Rives... $9,104 50
Respectfully, THOtf. M. TATE, Auditor.
Hon. A. V. Brown, Postmaster General.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact that the manuscript copy ofthis
i edition was prepared by a clerk of the Post.Offiee
: Department, for which Mr. Rives paid hityi
| $3,500. I also ask attention to the fact that that
| edition contains all the recent rules and regula-
tions of the Post Office Department. The appro- :
priation that is now asked is only intended to 1
afford another job forsome clerk in the Post Office ]
Department; and 1 should like to see how gentle- j
men on the other side of the House, who profess ;
to be in favor of retrenchment and reform, will !
vote on this question. |
Mr. SPINNER. I have a proviso which I i
think will obviate this difficulty*. I think if the !
gentleman from Wisconsin will hear it read, he j
will withdraw his amendment. j
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is a neces- '
sity at this time for a new list of the post offices |
of the United States, as well as for a publication J
of the laws and regulations. I was aware that, i
two or three years ago, a list of the post offices j
of the United States was prepared by a clerk in j
the Post Office Department, and published by 1
Mr. Rives; and that the Department procured a
number of copies from the publisher, wHich were
distributed throughout the union. That compi-
lation was made and published in 1857. At that
time there were only twenty-five thousand post
offices in the United States. Now there are
nearly twenty-nine thousand. I am only aston-
ished that the gentleman from Wisconsin, a State
in which the post offices have greatly increased
in number within the last two years, should
rise in his place and say that the post office reg-
ister published three years ago gives information
of all the post offices in his own State.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the gentleman whether
this very list does not contain the additional post
offices established since the publication of this
edition ?
Mi. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is a list of
new post offices appended to it; and the only rea-
son for the course pursued by the gentlemanfrom
Wisconsin is to make provision for a job in an-
other direction; m other words, it is to keep up
this old register, with the addenda of new post
offices. I desire to see a perfect list of the post
offices at the commencement of the <next fiscal
year, and this appropriation is to permit it to be
made. It is needed for distribution among the
post offices of the United States; and there are
none to be had, unless we republish the old one*
which is imperfect and defective. Therefore, the
Committee of Ways and Means deemed it expe-
dient to recommend this appropriation to be made
for the purpose of publishing a new post office
register, together with the laws and regulations
appertaining to the government of the Post Office
Department.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Missouri whether it is proposed
to publish this under the direction of the Post
Office Department, or is it to be let out as a job ?
Mr. PlIELPS, of Missouri. It is proposed to
be published under the direction of the Post Office '
Department itself. The Postmaster General, in
submitting his annual estimates, says:
"No stiietly official list of post offices and body of laws
and instructions to postmaster*, having been published for
several years, and such a book being absolutely necessary
for the proper administration of the post ofMccs, [ respect-
fully teconiinend that a sum, not exceeding $15,000, be ap-
piopuated foi that puipo^e. It is proposed to procure an
edmon of not less than thirty five thousand copies, as it
will require over twenty eight thousand to supply the post
oflices now otabli>hed, leaving the remainder foi the sup-
ply of new offices, and fin Congiess,and the Executive De-
pdltIneIlt^.,,
Mr. SPINNER. I offer my amendment as a
proviso to the amendment offered by the gentle-
from Wisconsin.
The proviso was read, as follows:
Provided, That the Postmastoi General shall cause said
new edition to be ptepared by the regular force of his office,
without any allowance foi extra service ; that he shall cer-
tify the same to be official, and shall give the contract for
its publication to the lowest biddei.
Mr. SPINNER. I am willing to leave the
amount as it is. Although, at twenty-five cents
a copy, $7,000 would nearly pay for thirty-five
thousand copies, still, with the proviso, I am will-
ing to leave the amount at $15,000. I have a rea-
son for offering this amendment. I have ascer-
tained that a clerk in the Post Office Department
has charged $2,500 for getting up this book, in
addition to his regular pay.
Mr. MORGAN. I know that the work has
not been done in the regular office hours, but out
of office hours.
Mr. SPINNER. I wish to state here, on my
responsibility as a member of this House, that I
have ascertained the fact that the book has here-
tofore been published at twenty-five cents a vol-
ume.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The amendment of the gentleman
from New York is not in order, for it changes the
existing law, which provides that the depart-
mental printing shall be done by the Printer of
one or the other branch of Congress, as may be
designated by the head of the Department.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order. The 81st rule simply
provides that no appropriation shall be made, ex-
cept by authority of law.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to make another
statement. Whenever suits are brought, these
books cannot be used as evidence; and the Post-
master General has disavowed them, and says they
