1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
country? A pension of $3 50 per month. Throe1]
dollars and fifty cents a month, when her husband !
had lost his life! And this bill, as it originally
stood, proposed to give a full-pay pension for
three months'service.
What, sir, is your revolutionary pension law ■
now? The man who toiled m that Revolution, !
Lhe man who fought in a doubtful cause, the man
who fought to establish the independence that we i
now enjoy—what pension can he get for two ,
years'service? He can only receivc for two years' '
service a full-pay pension; and the full-pay pen- !
jdon of a private of infantry in the Revolution is i
only eighty dollars per annum. No revolutionary I
soldier now living, or who ever lived, call get
a pension for his services unless he shall have 1
proved and established the fact that he served .
si* months during that war. When ho has preved
and established the fact of six months' service in
the Revolution,under the act of 1832, the act now j
in force, he gets but the pitiful sum of twenty dol-
lars a year; and lfhe proves twelve months'ser- ,
vice, he gets but forty dollars a year. And now,
by the vote of this committee, the man who has 1
been in service ten days is to receive a full-pay :
pension! 1
Again, sir, there should be no distinction made
in service pensions. When in actual service, you i
must have your military organization; you must
have privates—the basis of your Army—and then 1
you must have the various officers to command i
and direct that force. That is necessary, sir, in
actual service. But when they have rendered the
service, and returned to their homes, then, I say.
thatif you are going to give service pensions, you
should put them all upon an equality, and let j
them receive the same pensions for the same ser-
vice. I see no reason why there should be a
difference made between those who happened to
be officers and those who happened to be privates.
[Here the hammer fell.] ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for tell-
ers on the amendment to the amendment. I want
to see who will stand by the soldiers of the Black
Hawk war. j
Tellers were not ordered. j
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 87, noes 48. j
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
amendment as amended.
Mr. COBB. I move now to amend the amend-
ment by adding the words, " and all other Indian
wars;" and I do it for the purpose of making a
few remarks.
The House will see the object I have in view
in offering that amendment. The amendment
which I offered a few days since, and which I
then discussed, provided, as I thought,for a legit-
imate portion of the army of the Government. It
was thought then, however, that I was acting m
bad faith towards the soldiers of the war of 1812,
although I stated at the time that I was not. But
just, sir, as I was beginning to feel as if 1 was
able to do justice to the soldier of the war of 1812,
by paying him the tribute which he deserved, the
hammer fell, and 1 was left in a very awkward
predicament, standing, with my plumage spread,
ready to take flight, and to ascend to a height at
which I might have done honor to myself, if not
to my country, your hammer, sir, fell just at that
point, and you lost the benefit of what I was
about to say, and I lost the benefit which might
follow from it hereafter. I do not propose now
to take the flight that I then intended to take, be-
cause, perhaps, your judgment might not be ex-
ercised with sucn acuteness as it was on that day,
and might not bring me down just before I got so
for that I could not come down with propriety. I
was alluding then, sir, to the sufferings of the
soldiers in the Florida and Mexican wars. 1 was
doiiip itsincerdy and in goodlaith. I had alluded
to the bones of our soldiers that now bleach upon ,
the plains of Mexico. I had alluded to the Dade
massacre in Florida, where there was not one left
to tell the tal" of woe to the widows and orphans
oftbose who were slaughtered. 1 had,sir. alluded
to the suficiings of the soldiers of the Mexican
war, and to the blood which baptized the banks
of the Hio Grande, and !o the disease whicu they
contracted in the service, and winch will fo.low
them to then graves. And I was about alluding
to the gallant Palmetto regiment from South Car-
olina, of whom scarcely one survived to tell the
mournful tale to the descendants they left behind
in the old Carolina State. I intended to bring
these matters forcibly to the mind of the House,
in order that they might do justice to the class
that I represented on that occasion. I did not
intend to be unmindful to pay my tribute of respect
to the soldiers of the war of 1812, although they,
or some babblers, might consider that I brought
those matters into the discussion with a view of
defeating the bill providing for them.
While, sir, I ask that justice shall be done to
another portion of the army of this Government,
I am not unmindful of the valor of our soldiers
of 1812. I have not forgotten the iron hail poured
out by our army at the battle of New Orleans—
which wrung from the Old World applatise such
as had never before been heard. 1 was not un-
mindful of, nor have I forgotten yet, the services
rendered by our soldiery, in 1812, m the Creek j
war, nor can I forget those who fell in that war,
nor the bones which now bleach upon the battle-
fields ofTaladega, Emuckfciu,and the Horse Shoe
bend. While I advocated with zeal a provis-
ion to provide for them, not one syllable did I
utter to detract from the standing and the merits
of the army of 1812. Sir, the achievements of our
gallant Navy in that war, as well as those of our !
gallant soldiery, havt always been pleasant themes ^
for me to dwell upon, from my youth down to j
the present moment. Was I unmindful of all :
this 'in 1850? Sir, as early as the 24th of Decern- j
ber, 1849, I gave notice to the House that I in- :
tended to introduce a bill providing bounty lands
for these soldiers of 1812. Was I then unmind-
ful of them"? Sir, let the record speak, and let
the widow who now enjoys the benefit of that act
in her little domicile say whether I was unmindful ,
of her then any more than I am now. Sir, was I ,
unmindful of the widows of the soldiers of 1812, j
when, in 1853, I offered an amendment to a bill ,
granting pensions to certain widows, to provide ;
for the widows of soldiers v.iio had fallen from j
disease contracted in the line of duty, although ,
they died after they left the service ? Sir, I would •
not, to-day, raise my voice against one of them.
1 am now, as I have always been, for the widows
of 1812. Yes, sir, and also for the widows of the
soldiers of the Florida and Mexican wars. I hope
my amendment will prevail.
Mr. AVERY. Mr. Chairman. I am opposed to ;
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama, I
[Mr. Cobe,] for 1 do not wish to see this bill in- j
cumbered with amendments that will militate ,
I against its passage. I wish to say something, ;
though, as to the merits of the bill. It cannot be |
expected that in the brief time allotted to a single j
member, in a debate like this, that much can be
said; but, sir, coming as I do from a State which
has won for herself the proud title of the " volun-
teer State;" a State that has shed as much luster
upon our arms as any in this Union in every war
in which we have ever been engaged—from King's
Mountain to the gates of Mexico; a land, too,_
where sleep the ashes of the buried chieftains of
the war of 1812, with the rank and file who fol-
lowed them; I say, coming from a State like this,
with these memoriescrowding thick and fas-mpon
me, I cannot allow this oppoitunity to pass with-
out putting upon record one poor wo: din behalf of
30 old soldiers of this war who still suivive.
is the great argument urged against the
passage of this bill? What the great bugbear held
i up to honorable gentlemen to frighten them from
' its support? Is it that u is unconstitutional r Ih&t
! is not the argument used, is it that the policy is
i wrong? This position I do not consider as seri-
i ously contended lor. Is it that it is not in ac-
i eordance with our governmental policy ? Why,_
I sir, the wise, the just, the patriotic legislation of
j the enlightened past, has lent to tins policy lts^
| most solemn sanction. What, then, is the cmot
'' ground of opposition ? It is because it costs some
! money. Is tills a %'ahd argument, in a case like
1 this? Is this great Government to plead poverty,
j in a cause like this ? And who puts in this plear
i ilave the people done it—they, whose servants
we are, and whose wili we arc sent here to exe-
1 cute ? Has the poten! iai voice of an honest, a pat-
1 riotic, and outspoken people come up to the coun-
: cil elumbeis of your Capitol, from the lulls and
I the \alleys and the crowded marts of commerce,
i protesting against this measure? This measuio
j has been before Congress for years, and 1 have
\ thost.
i What
yet to hear the first murmur against its passage,
coming up from the people. The people are for
it. Their patriotic heartbeats responsive to this
measure. It was argued the other day, by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Nichols ,] that he opposed
this bill because, forsooth, some who would be the
beneficiaries of it are above want. Is that a good
argument in this case ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee to do me the justice to say that
I opposed the principle of the bill throughout.
Mr. AVERY. But I understood the gentleman
from Ohio to urge as his chief argument, that, as
a lawyer, he had ascertained in his experience
that some who would be the beneficiaries under
this bill were above want. Sir, it is not asked as
a gratuity, a charity, but a debt. Wili any gen-
tleman dare say that it is not as much a duty to
pay a debt to the rich as to the poor? While
there may be some of these old soldiers who have,
by their industry and frugality, elevated them-
1 selves above want, there are many, ay, more,
! who have not been so fortunate, and whose rough
| declivity of life will be made easy by this meas-
ure. But 1 say here in my place, that, if 1 knew
j of my own knowledge that ninety-nine of every
I hundred of these old soldiers were, by their own
exertions, placed above the frowns of poverty,
and the hundredth man was in the downhill and
decrepitude of life, needy, I would still go for the
bill But, sir, this is not so; many of them are
poor, and but few of them are left; they are fast
falling into the tomb. Entering the army at a
reasonable age would now bring them to their
threescore years and ten. Although, sir, as many
I (may be more) of these brave old men now live in
; Tennessee as in any other Slate, many of whom
! I have known from my boyhood, yet, sir, I have
j to meet the fiist man of them who has made an
I appeal to mc to support this measure. It is their
| fi'iends, their neighbors, who know them, whose
J hearts swell with giateful recollections of their
; past good deeds, that desire its passa e.
i As has been ably argued by my distinguished
j colleague who reported this bill, [Mr. Sava&e.,]
) one of two measures of policy must prevail m the
! Government: either that policy which will foster
1 a patriotic, an enlightened citizen soldiery; or a
large and expensive standing army must be kept
up, composed of a hireling soldiery, recruited,
too, from the sinks of vice, corruption, and deg-
radation. It did not take me long to determine
which policy to favor. Adopt this policy, sir,
and we can stand against the world. Every man is
a soldier, high and low, rich and poor; he ispioud
to be so. Standing armies grow up each year all
over the land; companies, regiments, battalions,
of a patriotic and proud citizen soldiery, spring
by magic into beina:, when the first rude shock
of war is felt upon our borders, ready, ay, eager,
to flock to our standard wherever it floats.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr.. GIDDINGS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, as amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The debate is exhausted
upon the amendment as it now stands.
| Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I will move to amend
! by providing that the class of men included in the
: amendment shall be paid only pro rata, according
, to their term of service.
I rise, not so much for the purpose of advocat-
i ing this amendment, as to protest in this House
ij against the maimer in which thissubjectis treated.
J My friend from New York [Mr. Granger] and
,! myself are the only men in thisHouse who have
'! the right to speak here for the soldiers of the war
![ of 1812; and I appear here before you to protest
against this ticatracnt of those wjio served the
, country in that war. If they have merits, judge
of them, and vote upon them; but we protest
against being associated and connected in our
' deserts with men of 18-10, or 1836, or 182o. hen
:i they Ifcve lived forty-five years from the time of
their service, then take up their case; when they
i have lived as the revolutionary pensioners did,
' then take up their case; but when we who served
the country nearly fifty years ago are attempted
: to be connected with those whose service was as
it were but yesterday, I protest against it.
If WG {iave merits, vote upon them, and ac-
knowledge them; if we have not, say so. Mr.
I! Chairman, we are now paying §25,000,0001 a year
|j for the support of the Army. When m 1812 our
