1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
are not official. I desire, by my amendment, to
make provision that they can be used as evidence
against the Department, and in favor of tha peo-
ple. I ask for tellers on my amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Davis, of
Mississippi, and Beffinton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 76, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York that he should insert in
his amendment, between the word" lowest"and
the word "bidder,"the word " responsible."
Mr. SPINNER. 1 have no objection to that.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment has al-
ready been adopted, and the modification could
only be made by unanimous consent.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 offer the following as an
additional section, to come in at the end of the
first section:
Jlrul he it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
shall not expend for the purposes named in the first section
inoio thai) tile sums .-evei ally appropriated therein, nor shall
it he lawful for hun to contract tor any expenditures for the
set vice of tiie next fiscal year in excess of the appropriations
made for the same.
I think that amendment will sufficiently explain
its own object. It is to restore the Post Office
Department to the control of the legislative branch
of this Government. It is to prevent one of the
Executive Departments from seizing bodily upon
the whole Treasury of the United States, and ex-
hausting it without authority of law. The Post
Office Department, formerly a self-sustaining De-
partment, has risen in seven years from a demand
upon the jbreasury of §1,000,000 to between
six and seven million dollars per annum. It
spends not only all its own revenue, but between
six and seven million dollars in addition. This
charge upon the Treasury has grown at the rate
of $1,000,000 a year, and there is no telling where
it will stop.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia if the Postmaster General
has entered into any contract for mail service
winch was not authorized by law ?
Mr. GARNETT. Under' the practice now,
there is no limit whatever upon the discretion of
the Postmaster General. As we all know, the
post route bills which annually pass are matter
of form, and contain every route which any mem-
ber may suggest. The proposition which was
made to constitute every road m the country a
post route did not pass this House, but that will'
be the end of the present system, and the conse-
quence will be that the Postmaster General may,
at any time, at his own discretion, extend the
mail service of the country as far as he may
please, imposing, bv every addition to the mail
service, an additional burden upon the tax-payers
of the country. Since
the-establishment of the
present rates of postage, the Post Office deficiency j
has gone on regulaily and rapidly to increase, and j
in six years more I suppose it will bo more than
twelve million dollars; and so it will go on, until
it will have made the Treasury itself bankrupt.
I do not charge the present Postmaster Gen-
eral, or any former Postmaster General, with im-
proper conduct, though, by the way, the present
Postmaster General, in his report, asks Congress
to prohibit him from doing what he says the law,
as it now stands, does notpermithim to do. But,
sir, the Postmaster General, under the existing
law, has the authoi lty to increase the mail service
of the country until it shall hare absorbed the
whole revenues of the country. '"Whatever may
be the views of gentlemen here, as to the Post
Office Depai Enient becoming a selt-sustaining De-
partment, I think every gentleman will agree with
me, that none of the Executive Departments
should be allowed to go on withoiitrcstramtfrom
the legislative power of the Government, and ab-
sorb the entire revenues of the Government. 1
desire that he shall he confined, in his contracts
for mail service, to the appropriations made by
Congress.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Virginia, whether he desires
to prevent the Postmaster General from placing
mail service upon any one of the post routes
which are contained m the post route bill, which
has passed this House dui mg the present session ?
Mr. GARNETT. Under the present law, the
Postmaster General has the right to place mail
service upon any route he may think proper;
what I wish to accomplish, and what my amend-
ment is designed to accomplish, is to confine the
service to the appropriations which are made.
Make, if you choose, the appropriations direct
from the Treasury to meet the deficiencies in the
revenues of the Department to the amount of
five or ten million dollars, or whatever you think
proper, but confine the expenditures of the De-
partment to the amount appropriated.
Mr. BARKSDALE. -The gentleman, in the
latter portion of his remarks, withdrew the charge
which I understood him to make in the conrr-
mencement of his speech, that the Postmaster
General, in extending the mail service beyond
the amount of revenue appropriated, had acted in
violation of the law.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the Post Office Depart-
ment is a tax upon the people of this country;
and how has it been made so ? Has it been made
so by the action of the Postmaster General, or is
Congress not responsible for it? I undertake to
say that the postal «ervice of the country, in not
one single instance, has been increased by the
Postmaster General, except by authority of law,
or upon application by some member of this or
the other House of Congress. And, sir, I say
further, that he has been right in increasing this
service, particularly in the southern and western
country. Heretofore, the eastern and middle
States have monopolized the postal service of the
country, to a great extent; but, sir, with that en-
lightened liberality which has characterized the
present head of the Post Office Department, those
mail facilities have been extended to the West and
South. He -is entitled to the thanks of those'sec-
tions of the country for the increased mail facil-
ities he has given them.
But the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Gar-
nett] says, the Post Office Department is a tax
upon the people. Who is responsible for it? Is the
Depaitment or Congress responsible for it? And
how is the evil to be remedied? The Postmaster
General or the PostOffice Department cannot rem-
edy it; Congress alone can remedyit. And how?
By enabling the Post Office Department to sustain
itself by increasing the rate of postage on letters
from three to five cents; by abolishing the frank-
ing privilege; and by cutting off the ocean mail
steamer service; by which your Treasury is an-
nually drained of millions of dollars, with.no cor-
responding benefits. It is the duty of the Post-
master General to execute the laws passed By
Congress; and I undertake to say he will do it.
One word more in relation to the present Post-
master General. I say that the admtnistralion of
that Department has been more ably and more
efficiently conducted than ever before. He lias
inspired new life and vigor into the Department,
and extended its blessings into communities which
have heretofore been utterly neglected and desti-
tute of mail facilities.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the latter clause.
I have no doubt the adoption of this amend-
ment will be beneficial not only to the public
service, but that it will be a welcome relief to the
Postmaster General. I cannot imagine that, in
i any possible sense, it can be regarded as oflen-
i sive to the Department.
! Mr. GARNETT, I desire to say, that I never
meant it as offensive; that 1 never made such a
charge; and, therefore, that I had nothing to re-
tract.
Mr. SEWARD I rise to a question of order,
j The gentleman from New Yoik is not speaking
' to his amendment.
Mr, SICKLES. I am supporting my amend-
ment; and if the gentleman will listen to the end
j of my five minutes, he wiil see the relevancy of
: my remarks.
i 'Mr. SEWARD. I will wait, i
Mr. SICKLES. I say, Mr. Chairman, that
'' the adoption of the amendment of the gentleman
' from Virginia, will relieve the Postmaster Geii-
! era! from constant and cmbanassmg lniportuni-
' ties for increased mail services. It will enable
^ him to say to those applying for such service, that
the amount of money at the disposal of the De-
!i paitmcnt has been positively limited by law.
' Mr. SEWARD. I do not see what lelevancy
the gentleman's soeech has to his amendment.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 hope these interruptions
will not be taken out of my time. I desire now
to say that the getitleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Barksdale] is mistaken in saying that the defi-
ciency m the PostOffice Department grows outpf
the support of the ocean mail steamer service.
The ocean lines now running from New York to
Europe perform the service for postages alofle. ■
Mr. SEWARD. I insist on the point of order
that the gentleman does not confine his remarks
to the pending.amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. According to the practice,
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, the Chair thinks that,the gentleman's re-
marks are in order, ,
Mr. SEWARD. Not under the five minutes
rule. •
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the gentleman's remarks are in order.
Mr. SICKLES. I am replying legitimately to
the remarks made by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. Chairman, these complaints in regard to
i the service, which proceed, more or less, from
New York, by ocean or otherwise, come, I tlynk,
with an ill grace from gentlemen representing less
populous portionsof the country; for the inequal-
ity of taxation for postal services presses harder
upon J$cw York than upon any other State in the
Union. If the service were to be made self-si^-
taining upon equitable principles, the postage for
the State of New York could not exceed one cent
per-letter.'But the gentleman himself must admit
thatj.be benefits which he describes so eloquently
as having been conferred upon the West and the
Southwest, constitute that very service which
breaks down the Department, and renders neces-
sary an increase of postage to five cents a letter;
and this increase my constituents will have to
pay for service rendered to the constituents of the
gentleman from Mississippi, and of other gentle-
men who are foremost in assailing appropriations
for ocean service. I do not complain of this; but
I insist, that when we submit-without a murmur
to this unequal taxation, complaints of the New
York service, which is self-sustaining in the ag-
gregate, come with an exceedingly ill grace from
gentlemen representing constituencies whose post-
al service is a heavy burden on the Treasury. If
it be the pleasure of the House, 1 will withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to move
an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. A furthe^amendment is
not now in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a question of order.
I .submit that the amendment' is not in oi'der.
Mr. GARNETT. The point of order comes
| too late
! Mr. PHILLIPS. I make this point of order:
■ this is a bill making appropriations for services
j of the PostOffice Department, and it appropriates
the revenues of that Department only in conform-
' ity with the provisions of the act of_ 1836. Now,
! the amendment is not g'ermane, for it looks to the
j approbation of contracts, and to expenditures of
1 money other than those arising out of the reve-
, nues of the Department.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
' point of order is not well taken. He is of the
■ opinion that this committee may adopt any rule
! which does not make any expenditure not author-
ized by law.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I desire now to
1 make some remarks in reply to the gentlemen
j from New York. This amendment is evidently
. intended to deny to the Postmaster General the
i right to put into operation the routes established
{ at this session of Congress. Now, I should like
j to know if it is consistent in Congress to estab-
i lisli certain mail routes, with a view of extend-
■ in"1 mail facilities, and then to deny to the l ost-
I master General the right to put these routes into
1 operation? ""The gentleman from Vugima has all
the routes that he desires. His is an old State.
' If he has all the facilities for mail transportation
' that he wants, it is illiberal to deny it to others.
! And so it is with the gentleman from New York.
; He has all the facilities that his State requires.
! Mr SICKLES. Not at all.
1 Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is exceedingly
illiberal with those gentlemen to refuse to allow
; to the new States just being admitted into the
i Union, and those which have not yet been settled
j up, the samefacilities of mail transportation which
| they have themselves -obtained.
