1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
Whole force have received land. That is a propor-
tion of nearly one half. But hi view of the lapse of vears,
the rapid decrease m the number of the parties, as shown
by the failure of 11,660 out of 59,360 to apply for the com-
plement of bounty land, it may be safety assumed that not
more than three eighths of those who served will become
applicants for the benefits of those bills."
The estimate, as I have remarked, must to some
extent be conjectural; but still it approximates
the truth.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that a misappre-
hension exists in regard to the number of soldiers
who were actually engaged in the war of 1812.
I will give the precise number. There were total
militia engaged in the war for three months and
over, 199,174; add the regular force, 33,422, and
we have the total of regulars and militia, 232,596.
Add the marine and naval force, which is also
provided form this bill, and the total military
and naval force engaged in the war of 1812, who
served three months and over, is 250,242, entitled,
under the bill as reported by the committee, to a
pension. Taking the calculation of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, and estimating thatfive eighths
are dead, then there are still 93,840 left of those
who served three months and over, who are en-
titled to pensions under this bill; making, accord-
ing to the amendments which I understand my
friend from Georgia [Mr. Gar.tr.ell] will offer
—that is at ninety-six dollars per annum each,
and not discriminating between officers and sol-
diers—the amount involved over nine million doj-
lars. But an amendment which the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] objects to—the
amendment of my friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Smith]—reduces the service to ten days; and if
you add three eighths of those who served ten
days and over, there will be 196,000, at ninety-six
dollars per annum each; and $18,000,000 per an-
num would be the amount involved under the bill.
Suppose you take even one fourth as the propor-
tion now surviving: then the sum required for this
bill, under the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, would be $13,000,000 per annum.
To show that there is little certainty in calcu-
lations made by the friends of the bill, I propose
to refer to a few statistics in reply to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, who found such a similar-
ity between my speech and the speech of a former
fentleman from South Carolina, and which speech,
confess with some shame, I never saw until my
attention was called to it. That gentleman [Mr.
Savace] states that in 1818 the friends of the bill
estimated the probable amount of expenditure
under it at $120,000 per annum. From the report
of the Secretary of the Interior, now before me,
recently submitted to the Senate, I find that the
appropriations for pensions ran up from §710,000
in 1818, to §3,208,302 7] in 1820. The annual
report of the Secretary of the Interior states cer-
tain facts, which show the inaccuracy of calcula-
tions made by advocates of pension bills, and the
impossibility of arriving at" any reasonable con-
ception of the expenditures" which will be re-
quired under such bills.
On the 7th of June, 1832, forty-nine years after
the close of the revolutionary war, an act for the
relief of surviving revolutionary soldiers was
passed, a committee of the House of Representa-
tives, after an elaborate calculation, estimated
10,057 persons as entitled to the benefits of the
bill, and $907,608 as the amount required. " On
this calculation the bill was passed." The whole
number admitted was 33,414, and in 1833, the
amount expended for pensions was §5,100,203 97.
The increase was four times the amount esti-
mated. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CURRY. I will take another five minutes
to conclude.
Mr. JEWETT. Mr. Chairman, it was not
my purpose when this bill was reported from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions to address the
House on i:s merits; but after the scenes of last
Friday, when the subject was last up, I have felt
it to he niv duty to oiler a few observations in
defense of this measure which has received the
unanimous sanction of a committee of nine mem-
bers of this House; and I do so by way of reply
to the arguments which have been advanced
against it. A Representative of the American
people, in regard to a matter of great interest to
the country,"ought to be ill a condition calmly
and dispassionately to consider the report of one
of the standing committees of this House, rather
than to look to an effort ridiculing their labor.
There has been an argument submitted here by
the enemies of this bill,and which has pointed to
a settled hostility against the principle of pen-
sioning worn-out soldiers. The argument of the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Curry] runs upon
t/iajt line; and such was the argument of the gen-
tleman from Ohio,'[Mr. Nichols,] who led off
when the case was last up before the Houee, and
who lias spoken again this morning. He based
an argument upon his practice at the bar, an ar-
gument founded on his own experience, an argu-
ment which was ad hominem in its Character, and
to which no gentleman can reply.
If the gentleman from Ohio has any disposition
to perfect the bill, or is not actuated by settled
hostility against it, why did he not come forward
with a proposition to exclude the millionaires he
referred to as having taken bounty land under our
bounty land laws ? Is it any reason against the
merits of the bill; is it any against the great prin-
ciple aimed at by the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions to relieve the poor soldiers of the country
and their widows and orphans from want and
penury, that there are some patriotic citizens of
the gentleman's district, worth from five thousand
to twenty thousand dollars each, who tookbounty
land under our bounty land laws ? It is no argu-
ment against the principle of the bill; nor, sir,
are the calculations#ff the gentleman from Ala-
bama bastfd upon the number of men who served
for ten days and over, any good reason against it.
Mr. CURRY. No, sir; my calculations are for
those who had served for three months.
Mr. JEWETT. The gentleman made the ar-
gument upon fourteen days also, if I understood
him aright.
Sir, there is but one argument that has ever
addressed itself to my mind against the bill, and
if that argument can be fairly and fully met and
answered, it is the bounden duty of this Con-
gress to see to the wants of these soldiers. I
have heard it said, and with seeming force and
effect, that there was a contract expressly be-
tween the soldier and the Government, that he
would serve the Government for eight dollars a
month. Sir, if that argument were sound, and
the contract were valid, I would vote against the
bill; but there was no contract express or im-
plied. It is true you have your law which pro-
vides that the soldier may volunteer to serve the
Government for eight dollars a month. He may
enlist. But suppose he does not enlist: then you
draft him, and you force him to serve your Gov-
ernment at the price stipulated by the Govern-
ment, and to which he is bound to accede. Do
you tell me that an enlistment of this kind, with
a statute staring a man in the face, telling him in
plain language that if he does not enlist he will
be drafted—that this is a contract which excludes
the soldiers from coming to the Government and
asking for full compensation for the services ren-
dered ? Sir, the bill is not entitled as it ought to
be. It ought to he, a bill to pay the old soldiers
a long-deferred and honest debt.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CURItY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. 1 offer an
amendment to include in this bill the soldiers of
Wavne'swar; and I do it only for the purpose of
making some remarks on the merits of the bill
under consideration.
I did not intend, Mr. Chairman, to say any-
thing with regard to this bill. I intended to ex-
press my views by simply casting my vote in
favor of "the bill granting pensions to those gallant
men who fought the battles and achieved the vic-
tories of the war of 1812. Sir, it did not seem to
me that it needed any argument to bring the mind
of any gentleman to this conclusion who had read
the history of that memorable contest, which, in
some respects, may be called the close of the strug-
gle for American independence. When I remem-
ber their services, and when I see manyof them,
now in their old age, pinched by want and living
on the charity of the world, I feel that I would be
doing injustice to my own conscience to withhold
from them the small sum necessary to smooth
their pathway to the grave. The gentleman from j
Alabama [Mr. Curry] has made an argument to- j
day, in which he urges objections similar to those
urged by him during the last session. He comes
with an array of figures, showing the enormous
amount of money involved m the passage of this
bill. This was the substance of his labored speech
during the last session of Congress. He doesnot
show that the bill violates the Constitution, or
that the policy is a bad one. His plea is simply
that of the debtor who complains, not that the
debt is unjust, but that it is too large. Sir, I do
not propose to ask myself how much it will cost
to do these men of 1812 justice ? In coming to my
conclusion I have inquired, is it constitutional,
is it just, is it sound policy, to take care of the
old men in their declining years, who left the com-
fortsofhome to engage in a war waged to defend
the honor and preserve the rights of your flag?
Having answered these questions satisfactorily to
my mind, I did not inquire how much it would
cost to do it.
Some gentlemen, who pretend to be friends of
the bill, have introduced amendments which, I
believe, were not offered for the purpose of pro-
moting the success of the measure, but for the
purpose of its destruction. There are two ways
to defeat measures here. One is by an open, bold,
and manly opposition. That method of defeat-
ing a bill I can respect, even though the measure
defeated finds favor with me. Nay, sir, I can
admire a bold, frank, and generous foe. But, sir,
I confess that I have no fancy for that other
method, that assassin-like way of pretending
friendship, mainly for the purpose of more effect-
ually destroying a measure of proposed legisla-
tion. Gentlemen may aver upon this floor that
they are the friends of this bill; they may in-
dulge in loud declamation, glorifying the men who
fought the battles of the country, but they shall
be judged by their acts and not by their words.
The people, whose servants we are, will know who
the real friends of the bill are, and who are the
enemies, concealed though they may think them-
selves.
I say, sir, that it is a proper and a wise policy to
erant pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812.
The fathers of the Republic did not consider it a
dangerous policy; nor did they stop to count the
cost to grant pensions to the gallant men who
fought the battles of the Revolution, and achieved
American independence.
Amendments have been offered and speeches
made, endeavoring to show that the men who
have been engaged in all the other various wars
of the Republic are equally entitled to pensions.
I say, sir, that the cases are entirely different.
The men of 1812 are now old, tottering, sir, upon
the brink of the grave; most of them are in
needy circumstances; many of them actually in
want, living upon the cold charity of the world.
Their time on earth is short, at best; and my ex-
perience does not accord with that of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Nichols,] who thought that
most of them were in easy pecuniary circum-
stances.
I agree with my colleague, [M>\ Avery,] that
if I knew of but one single instance of a man who
had performed valuable services in that war,
whose poverty made him an object of this bounty,
against many who did not need it, I would not
withhold my vote from this measure. And, sir,
when m the course of time the soldiers of our
other wars may be placed in circumstances sim-
ilar to those surrounding the men of 1812, should
I be in public life, I would also be found ready to
do them justice. At any rate, I doubt not that
posterity will take care of them.
I do not agree with the honorable gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Curry,} as to the amount
of money it will require to carry out the pro-
visions of this bill. 1 think he has greatly over-
estimated it. I believe that the figures of my col-
league, [Mr. Savage,] who reported the bill, are
nearer correct. And yet, sir, even did I agree
with the gentleman from Alabama, I would vote
for the bill. 1 am of opinion that my friend from
Alabama is honestly a friend to economy. I am
a friend to economy. My record shows it. I
think j^rjuiie as good as the gentleman's or any.
body iron that question, but economy does not
require injustice. There are thousands of ways
in which we can exercise sound and practical
economy. I will go with my friend in any of
these; but I will not refuse the full share of jus-
tice to the men who defended our shores against
a hostile foe, who spent their youth in the service
of the country, and who, when they have grown
old and infirm, come and ask their children for
the small pittance which this billproposes, where-
with to keep them from penury and want. Sir,
