150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
I will vote for the measure, and if I err, I shall at
least have the consolation of having erred in behalf
of humanity, in behalf of men whose valor shed
glory upon the American name, and left their
children an* imperishable renown. I will now
withdraw the amendment which I offered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to its
withdrawal, as I propose to say a few words in
opposition to it. I do not propose at this time to
make any argument upon the bill, but simply to
state my position in very few words, not occupy-
ing the five minutes to which I am entitled under
the rules.
I should be in favor of what I should regard as
a just and proper bill, granting pensions to the
soldiers of the war of 1812. For a bill which
would place the soldiers of that war on the same
footing as the soldiers of the revolutionary war, I
would cheerfully vote. But, sir, 1 am opposed to
the discrimination which this bill makes. Under
this bill, as reported by the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, not only every soldier who served in
the war of 1812, but every soldier who served in
the Indian wars will be entitled to a pension of
ninety-six dollars a year for a service of three
months, while no soldier who served in the revo-
lutionary war for a period of nine months, or
eleven months, was entitled to receive more than
twenty dollars a year.
Mr. G1DDINGS. Let me call the attention of
the gentleman to this distinction. The soldiers
of the revolutionary war received their pensions
thirty years after their services were rendered,
whilstit is now forty-three years since the soldiers
of the war of 1812 rendered their service^. •
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Yes, sir; but
that difference of time is not sufficient to make
this great difference in the pensions that should
be allowed them. The soldier in the war of the
Revolution, who served eleven months, was en-
titled to receive only some twenty dollars a year,
for, if I recollect aright, six months'service during
that war was the shortest period for which a pen-
sion was allowed. For one year's service twice
that amount was allowed; for two years' service,
eighty dollars; and, for service during the war,
ninety-six dollars a year was allowed. And, sir,
it seems to me that it would bo invidious and un-
just for us to grant pensions to the soldiers of the
war of 1812 for a shorter term of service than the
soldiers of the Revolution were granted pensions
for. If we do it, you may depend upon it, Mr.
Chairman, this House will be besieged with pe-
titions that will be ultimately successful to place
the revolutionary soldiers and the-heirs of revo-
lutionary soldiers upon the same footing as the
soldiers of the war of 1812.
For these reasons, and believing it is sufficient
for us now to accord to the soldiers of the war of
1812 the same measure of justice that we have
dealt out to the soldiers of the revolutionary war,
whilst I should vote for a bill containing these pro-
visions, I shall not be able to vote for this bill, un-
less it shall be amended so as to conform to the
revolutionary pension law.
Mr. WUlGtlT, of Tennessee. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move, merely
for the purpose of offeung one or two remarks
upon the bill, to increase the amount one dollar
a month. I do not know, Mr. Chairman, that
there is any gentleman in this Kousu whose con-
stituency is more directly interested in this bill,
than that which 1 have the honor to represent.
If promptness in volunteering at a time when their
service was sure to be needed, and that service of
a dangerous character, or if heroism m the dis-
charge of duty can entitle to a pension, I am not
aware that theie is any poiUon of the people of
the United States who are better entitled to a pen-
sion than that portion which I have the honor to
represent.
Uut, sir, it is because I owe a duty to the coun-
try, as well as to those whom I more immeckately j
stme rr
views upon this bill.
represent, that I desire here explicitly to stUc my
My objection to the bill is not because of its
details; not because it includes one class of sol-
diers and excludes another; it is not because throe
months' service entitles under one form, and ten
days entitles under another foitn, but my objec-
tion goes to the whole principle of the bill.
I take it, pir. that military service is not paid !
by the eight dollars per month; I take it that it is i
not rendered on. a contract; no man admits that
the money which feeds and clothes him pays for
military service. I suppose that when a man vol-
unteers in the military service of the country, he
merely discharges a duty resting on him. It is
a bounden duty which he owes to his countr^o
render the service. It is equally the duty o^gpe
country to support him while engaged in that
service*; beyond that the country owes him no
debt but honor.
If he shall be wounded in battle or broken down
by exposure or disease, if he shall in any manner
become less^aBle to support himself in the service
of the country, then it is the duty of the country
to see that he is well cared for. To that extent
I am willing to vote for any pension law; but to
pension a man merely because he has rendered a
service which he owed to his country, a service
which he owed to his family and which he owed
to himself, and which he would scorn to treat as
compensated by money,is a proposition which I
cannot support. Because a man was not hurt,
and has been so happy as to live in honor and
health for forty years beyond the period of his
service, I regard as scarcely ground for a pension
at all. Sir, I had reflected little on this subject
until, at the last session, I heard the able, elabo-
rate, and statesmanlike argument of the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. CurryiJ *nd he has laid me
under additional obligationPoy the observations
which he has made- to-day. The gentleman
presented reasons which, if there were no other
reasons to be urged, should, in my opinion, be
sufficient, in a legislative point of view, to determ-
ine this House against this bill.
The number of men employed in the last war
is as nothing to the numbers which must be em-
ployed in any war in the future. Events now
transpiring in the Gulf may bring us into a col-
lision with France and England, and in that event
no President would venture to recommend calling
at once into the field less than two hundred thou-
sand men. In such an event, will any man tell
me where the money is to come from to pension
all these men ? or will it be said that we arc only
laying down a system of pensions for the past,
and that the future is to be treated on different
principles ?
Sir, no Government,with the wealth of England
and France, or the combined wealth of Europe,
can sustain a system like this if it shoiild be in-
augurated. Whatever, therefore, my constituents
may think about it, however they may be inter-
ested, I owe it to the country, and to those who
earn the money to be paid out under this bill, to
oppose this measure. The country has already
acknowledged the services of the soldiers of 1812
by liberal grants of bounty lands, and the people
have acknowledged the services of many by ele-
vating them to places of honor. The gray-haired
gentleman whose touching appeal I listened to
this morning, has been honored long by a grate-
ful constituency for his gallant service in the war
of 1812. Our people are not an ungrateful people;
they have been eager to seize upon every oppor-
tunity to elevate to places of public trust, men for
their heroism in the service of the country. The
presidential chair has been again and again graced
by the greatest military men the country has ever
produced, from the days of the immortal Wash-
ington, and he included in the list, to the present
time. 1 say there is no ground to impute any-
tiling like want of gratitude to this people; but m
dealing with financial matters they must do that
which is possible; they must do that which even
the wealthiest nation cannotgo beyond, take care
of those who have been injured, made decrepit,
and broken down in the service, and leave those
who have not, to be paid by the blessings of the
health and long: life which God gives them.
Mr. SAVAGE. It is true, as the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Davis] has stated, that the
people are generous and just. They very often
permit those who have served them faithfully
upon the field of battle to serve them in the coun-
cils of the nation. Many men have been so for-
tunate as to be fully and overpaid for the services
winch they have rendered; but this is not the case
with all. There have been examples, such as in
the case of the gentleman from Ohio who just
addressed the House, [Mr. Giddings,] where men
who have served their country honorably upon
the battle-field have been well rewarded for their
services; but then there is a much larger class of
mankind in humble circumstances, born to toil;
men without whom the world would be poor in-
deed; not the great men of the earth, not the dis-
tinguished, not the rich,not the talented, but the
humble, who, afteran honestand industrious life,
find themselves going down to the grave in pov-
erty, want, and neglect. It is to provide against
this poverty and want, by the bounty and gener-
osity of a great people, that this bill was intro-
duced; not to care for such people as the gentle-
man from Maryland speaks of; it is notfor those
who have talent and power to work themselves
up to high places; it is for'the farmer, the me-
chanic, and the poor, but honest and true hearted
man, who dies happily when your flag triumphs,
who has no other hope except the glory of this
great country; these are the men whom thi^bill is
to provide for. I am not astonished that the
gentleman from Maryland should oppose this bill
and manifest no sympathy for the class'of men
for whom it provides; he is indebted to his abili-
ties alone for his seat upon this floor; but"talents,
though angel bright, when wanting worth, are
shining instruments in false, ambitious hands,
to render faults illustrious and give to infamy re-
nown."
Now, Mr. Chairman, upon this question the
statistics which I have exhibited to the House
controvert, in the strongest terms possible, every
allegation brought by the gentleman from Ala-
bama. I hold in my hand the message of the
President of the United States, giving a commu-
nication from the Commissioner of Pensions, com-
municated in accordance with a resolution of
this House, adopted at the instance of the Mili-
tary Committee; but there are no conclusions to be ,
drawn from that document, sucl^as were stated
by the gentleman from Alabama.
I say again, it will be found from the report of
Mr. Calhoun, contained in volume 2, page 280,
of the American State Papers, that the pay of all
the forces employed in the war of 1812, amounted
to §12,000,000. Look at that document, and then
gentlemen must see that the calculations presented
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Curry,]
as furnished him by the Pension Office, are to-
tally unreliable. It is impossible that both those
reports can be true. It is shown by Mr. Cal-
houn's report that the pay of all did not amount
to over $12,000,000; and yet, after nine tenths of
them have died, it is contended that they will re-
ceive an amount only #1,000,000 less than the
sum they received during the whole war.
I will say, further, that I carefully examined
the tables, with the aid of a clerk, for weeks, and
I could only make out that there were one hun-
dred and sixty-eight thousand men who served
the period of three months. The report which
we expressly requested from the Pension Office
avoided the point on which we expressly asked
information—that is, as to the number who served
three months. They avoided that point; and
hence, I say, the authority,of the Department can-
not sustain the facts endeavored to be established
by the gentleman from Alabama.
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Maryland—
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, withdrew the
amendment, no objection being made.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the com-
mittee rise, for the purpose of offering in the
House the following resolution:
Re-solved, That the five minutes'debate allowed by the
rules of the Jlou<e, on House bill No. 2,">9 terminate in
twenty minutes alter the same shall be resumed in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SAVAGE. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from Indiana that there are three amend-
ments which ought properly to be made to this
bill—one offered by the gentleman from Georgia,
and two which I, myself, think arc necessary to
perfect the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The resolution would not
prevent the offering of amendments; it will only
preclude debate upon them.
Mr. SAVAGE. If I understand the resolution,
then, it takes the debate out of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and throws
it into the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman does not
properly understand the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I understand that,
under the rules of the House, my resolution will
not cutoff amendments which gentlemen may de-
