1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
sire to offer to this bill. Its effect is to cut off
debate, and thereby facilitate action on this bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, that if he wants to end this
debate, if he will call upon the Chair to execute
the rule requiring each member to debate the pre-
cise amendment, this debate cannot be spun out
to any great length. He had better do that than
attempt to cut off debate entirely; therefore, I hope
he will withdraw his motion, and ask the Chair to
enforce the rule.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana. I do not withdraw
the resolution.
Mr. GOODWIN.' X hops the gentleman will
withdraw the motion, and allow me to offer an
amendment to the second section of the bill.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Alabama as amended,
Mr. COBB demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaftee
and Branch were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes G4, noes 60.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire now to offer the
imendmefit of which T gave notice a few days ago.
Mr. UNDERWOOD.' I have an amendment
to come in before the gentleman's. I have been
waiting to offer it for some time. I am a friend
of the original proposi tion properly corrected, and
have therefore withheld my amendment until the
amendments embracing within their range all the
wars which have occurred since 1812 have been
discussed and acted on. I have not been favorable
to any of these amendments, because I believed
they were calculated and intended to defeat the
proposition before us, and were unsustained by
high considerations which commend the original
bill to our adoption. I have an amendment, which
X now offer in good faith, and which I hope the
House will unanimously adopt. It is as follows:
Insert after the amendment just adopted these words :
"or in the war under the command of General Anttiony
Wayne, against Indians, m the years 1703 and 1<94,
commonly called ' Wajne's war.5"
I must say, Mr. Chairman, that I had some
doubt whether I ought now, in the present state
of the bill, to offer that amendment; but I sup-
pose it will be parliamentary, when the House
comes definitively to act on the bill, to retain my
amendment, and to reject, as in my opinion they
ought to reject, all those which have been already
adopted. " There dwell, sir, a few straggling old
men in the State of Kentucky, some of whom have
frequently appealed to me to procure for them the
relief which was due to them from their country.
But under no existing law have they, the survivors
of that most gallant band who, under Wayne,
won for this Union an empire, been provided for.
They do not come under the provisions of the
law granting pensions to those who served inthe^
revolutionary war; nor, indeed, do they come
under the provisions of any law passed since.
It is, perhaps, not generally known that when
we made the treaty eff peace with Great Britain,
in 1783, there was no provision including within
its stipulations the Indian allies of that Power;
and that, in consequence of this omission, upon
the confines of Ohio and Kentucky, especially the
latter, a most ruthless and bloody war was waged
by those Indians, resulting in the massacre of
between two and three thousand of the women
and children of the State of Kentucky. One or two
attempts were made, firstunder General Harmer,
and then under General St. Clair, to chastise
these Indians as they deserved to be; but they
were unsuccessful. General Anthony Wayne
(Mad Anthony as he was called) was placed in
command of a sufficient force of Ohio and Ken-
tucky mnitia. The Kentucky troops were under
the command of General Scott, afterwards Gov-
ernor of that State, and amounted to about six-
teen hundred men. This gallant and patriotic
: command of these heroic lead-
some appropriate reward at the hands of the
country which they served so well. It has al-
ready been too long delayed, and I ask that they
shall be placed upon the same footing as those
who have since fought our battles. I am per-
suaded that there is not a friend of this bill, or a
friend of that justice we ought to extend to those
who have faithfully served the country in its hour
of need, who will not vote for the amendment. I
have nothing more to say.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate
and admire the zeal and earnestness which char-
acterize the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Savage] under whose auspices this bill has been
conducted. The general pension system is at all
times, in aGovernmentlikeours, demoralizing. I
listened to him attentively, and the only conclu-
sion I could draw from the tenor of his remarks
was that the Government presented itself in two
aspects: First, that of war; and second, that of
distributing alms to those who have carried our
flag. The policy of a country, sir, should always
be dictated upon the necessities of peace; but there
| are exceptions. I hold this general pension sys-
: tem to be acainst the very genius of the Republic.
It is but a "substitute for a standing army; and
i who advocates a large standing army? It isde-
I moralizing, because it spreads inevitably the in-
j fluence of the Government through all the ramifi-
cations of society. #It is not so intended; butthe
I inevitable effect of this measure is to create a class
| of legionaries who shall look only totheGovern-
j ment.
j We have been told, sir, that some men here and
: there, for brilliant services, have been taken and
I elevated to power, and we must hunt out the
i poorer men from their obscurity, and, although
1 we can give them no cross of honor, we must
I give them bread. Why, sir, do we not all know
| that a year ago, when the Government asked for
' troops to go to Utah, almost one hundred thou-
sand volunteered ? Did not Kentucky herself vol-
unteer to send six regiments, and was not the
President assailed because he did not take them
all.' Was it not a struggle of emulation among
those companies which of them should be re-
ceived? Does this look as if the patriotism of
the soil was fading away? Does it look as if it
was necessary for the Government to pay these
subsidies to men for carrying our flag? These
men, on the very terms and conditions of the
! contract, were benefited by the service, or else
1 they were animated by a patriotism which needed
1 no pecuniary advantage.
| How was it in the revolutionary war' Does
! not every man upon this floor know that many
of those brave and gallant men—ay, the bravest
of them, who, as the gentleman from Tennessee
has said, met the baptism of battle,and were willing
to find their country's flag their winding sheet—
repudiated the whole system^ of pensions, and
said it was contrary to the genius of our Govern-
ent ? Did not the most gallant of them decline
take the pension ? Is it not very well known
 at the young wives of many of them—women
who had married them m their old age—after the
i deaths of their husbands, took the pension, al-
though their husbands had protested against it
on their dying beds? Is there a necessity for sub-
sidizing—I will not use the word—for pensioning
those who carry our flag? Has there been, in the
history of the Government, a moment when the
citizen soldiery of the country were not ready to
defend the rights and honor of the Republic with-
out a pension ? Sir, I said it was against the ge-
nius of the country; for I say that the people of
this country should defend their^ flag and their
Government just as a monarch defends his crown.
The institutions of the country are theirs. They
are fighting not for alien interests, not in a for-
eign cause, but they are fighting m defense of
I their homes and firesides, or ill defense ot their
flag carried abroad. Do these men need pensions ?
! Have any of them ever asked, when going abroad,
i what they were to get when they came back:
Have any of them ever required that this Gov-
ernment should be converted into a stupendous
Hi
1 T.fl
band, under tliv  - -■- ,
S Id^nh^tabS^^ufc'poip K
of chastising, as they did most successfully c ms-
tiso at the memornble battle of t ailing limbei,
those bands of Indians who had been so long
depredating upon our people and massacreing our
svi'inen and children. So soldiers suffered more
o: fought more bravely, and they ought to recede
either for seeing the enemy or for not seeing him,
to draw pensions ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding "the soldiers in the war with the
Earbarv Powers "
I offer the amendment chiefly
for the purpose of stating my objections to cer-
tain arguments addressed to our consideration,
such as that which we have just heard from the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] and
such as those made by the gentleman from Al-
abama, [Mr. Curry,] and the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] I took occasion, at the
last session of this Congress, to express ifty views
briefly on this general subject, and I shall not
deem it necessary, now, to recapitulate them. But
I confess it has required some self-constraint on
my part, to sit and listen to some things addressed
to us by gentlemen, by honorable, able, and dis-
tinguished gentlemen. I think they do them-
selves injustice.
Why, sir, we are told by the gentleman from
South Carolina that a pension system is impoli-
tic and injudicious , as though it was now pro-
posed to establish it for the first time. The pen-
sion system is one that has been recognized from
the very earliest period of our Government, and
indeed it was recognized before we had a Govern-
ment. And it is, in my estimation, in-no small
degree owing to the fact that we have established
that policy as a part of our military system, that
we see that eagerness and promptitude on the
part of our young men, in their pride and chiv-
alry and gallantry—uncaring what shall befal
them in afterlife, to rush forward to the defense
of our country, and which was manifested so
conspicuously twelve months ago, on the occa-
sion alluded to by the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Keitt.] The argument to be drawn
from experience, I think, wholly sustains the
system, now so well established and so long in
operation.
Again, we are told by the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Curry] that there were, I think he
said, 250,000 men engaged ill the war of 1812;
that three eighths of them still survive; and that
to pension them would cost the Government an-
nually from nine to eleven millions of dollars.
Mr. CURRY. Allow me to correct the gen-
tleman. The total force engaged in that war, in-
cluding the militia, the regular Army and the
Navy, was 522,747.
Mr. MAYNARD. I misunderstood the gen-
tleman's figures, but I rejoice that the number
was even greater than I had thought. It speaks
well for the patriotism and gallantry of ourfathers;
and I rejoice if there are so many of them alive,
as he supposes—a much larger proportion, how-
ever, than, 1 am afraid, the facts will warrant.
But is that any reason why we should neglect
them ? It is no reason, to my mind,why we should
turn upon them with ridicule and sneers and de-
rision, and exclude them from the same boon and
benefit which we have conferred on other men
who, like them, were engaged in the service of
their country. Ten millions out of an annual ex-
penditure of more than eighty millions! And
$80,000,000 for what! Look around this Hall;
look around your Capitol; go to your navy-yards;
go to your fortifications; look to your jobs and
your contracts; go to your printing office; ana
count up the items that make up this $80,000,000;
ponder them well; and then go home and tell
your constituents that our Government is so poor,
that there is so little money in the Treasury, that
you cannot pay the old soldier for his services,
rendered, perhaps, before you were born. Go
to the country with that argument; address it to
the people, and let them hear it; and when the
old soldier comes halting up, diseased, decrepit,
and haggard; liis'youth and his health and his
buoyant heart given long ago to his^ country;
ay, and asks for a tardy payment of the debt
which you owe him, tell him that you cannot pay
him, for you have to give the money away to a
shoal of pets and favorites for gewgaws, j' chips,
and whetstones," and Heaven knows what ue-
But my distinguished friend from Maryland
[Mr. Dahs] puts the case upon another ground;
he raises another objection to the pension system.
He says that this thing of fighting for the country
and defending it is a matter of duty, bo it. is;
but is it the duty of one man to the exclusion ot
his neighbor ? Is it the peculiar duty of the sol-
dier, to the exclusion of him who stays at home
and tills his ground, or attends to his merchan-
dise? Why, the defense of the country is th"
common duty of all. While that is so, it is equally
the duty of the Government of the country to se-j
