THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED B.Y JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.„G.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1859.
New Series No. 78.'
solely to confine the Postmaster General to the
appropriations made by Congress, as all other of-
ficers of this Government are confined, and gen-
tlemen rise up and magnify it into a question as
to whether our mail services shall be extended, to
a greater or less extent, in different parts of the-
country. I am in favor of the most liberal postal
arrangements. I would not curtail them;but I am
not willing that any officer of this Government,
however much I might confide in his judgment
and integrity—and no gentleman confides more
fully in the integrity of the head of the Post Office
Department than I do—I would not be willing to
intrust any officer with power to draw from the
public Treasury at his discretion. If gentlemen
who propose to increase the amount appropriated
by this bill will show to me that proper postal
services cannot be performed for any portion of
the country without,such an increase, I stand
ready to yotewith them; but, until they do show
that fact, I will not vote for a proposition which
will leave it at the discretion of the Postmaster
General, or anybody else, to exhaust the Treas-
ury of the United States.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I would inquire
of the gentleman if this limitation has ever before
been placed upon the Post Office Department?
Mr. BRANCH. If we have for five, or ten,
or twenty years done wrong, that is only a rea-
son why we should make haste to do right. I
do not know what the fact is, and I cannot reply
to the question put to mo by the gentleman from
Missouri, except to say, that if we have got into
the habit of allowing the Postmaster General to
draw money from theTroasury at his discretion,
we have done wrong, and the sooner we correct
it, the better. But in addition to that, until within
the last few years the Post Office Department has
confined its expenditure to its .receipts; and it is
only of late that the Postmaster General has been
allowed to call upon the public Treasury at all to
aid his Department. The fact that he is allowed
to call Ujion the public Treasury now, only pre-
sents the greater reason why we should limit and
control his discretion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FLORENCE withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STANTON. 1 move to amend by striking
out the second section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggests that
the committee has not yet reached the second sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I thought that was the sec-
tion to which the amendment, was offered.
The CHAIRMAN. Theamepdmentis to come
in as the second section.
Mr'. FLORENCE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia by striking
out the word " and." I presume, Mr. Chairman,
that the Postmaster General, so for as he is indi-
vidually and officially concerned, cares very little
what the action of the House may be on this ap-
propriation bill. If he is instructed only to ex-
pend the money appropriated, the natural conse-
quence will be a reduction of the service. Idonot
know that it roomies any elaborate argument for
or against this amendment, except just that fact.
An amendment was offered here yesterday to the
fust paragraph, requiring the Postmaster General
to fulfil the contracts according to the law; and I
ask gentlemen whether, if the Postmaster General
be restricted in this way, the service will not be
reduced ? Instead of the overland mail being car-
ried semi-weekly, as it now is, it will be reduced
to a monthly service. Instead of having the ser-
vice performed four times a day, it may have to be
reduced to three timesa week. That would be the
effect of the proposition, in my judgment. The
Postmaster General will have to issue his circular
to contractor leducing the service to the.lowest
point. I believe that, in all these contracts, there
is a provision that the service may be reduced;
and the Postmaster General will, of course, have
to fall back on that provision. I have no partic-
ular objection to the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia; but I wish to impress upon the
committee what the effect must necessarily be. If
78 ,
gentlemen are prepared for it, let them act accord-
ingly.
Mr. GARNETT. In answer to my friend
from Pennsylvania, I will sJty, that the amend-
ment is not designed to restrict the present postal
service of the United States; nor will it have that
effect. It is the business of the Postmaster Gen-
eral to estimate the amount necessary for the ser-
vice of his Department for the fiscal year. The
Committee of Ways and Means revise these es-
timates, and reduce or increase the amount, as
they may deem proper. The House passes on
these estimates, as revised by the Committee of
Ways and Means, and appropriates the sum
necessary for the service. If the bill does not
appropriate enough, let the House increase the
appropriation. I only claim that the House shall
assist me in relieving the Treasury of the United
States from the unlimited drafts of the Postmas-
ter General. As the gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. Branch] has said,the thing stands thus;
the Postmaster General can draw on the Treas-
ury of the United States, virtually, for any amount
he pleases—for two, three, five, ten, thirty, or six-
ty million dollars. And why? Because he can en-
ter upon contracts to any amount, and can then
come to this House and say: rt here are existing
contracts; the faith and honor of the Government
are pledged, and you must redeem them by a de-
ficiency bill." Now this amendment simply re-
stores the Treasury of the United States to the
authority and control of Congress; declaring that
the Postmaster General shall not exceed the
amount appropriated. It prevents a Post Office
deficiency bill hereafter.
"Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose the Postmaster
General disregards this provision, and goes on
and makes contracts, going beyond the amount
appropriated—what then?
Mr. GARNETT. Then the Postmaster Gen-
eral will have done what I warrant the present
Postmaster General will not do—violate an ex-
press mandate of the law. If he does, it will be
for the gentleman, or any other member who is
aware of it, to impeach him. We are now ap-
propriating what the Postmaster General says
is necessary for the service of the Department.
All I ask is, that the House shall assist me in
saying to him, as well as to every other officer of
the Government, that we will not spend more
than the law authonzes. In other words, I ask
that the House shall assist me in carrying out
practically wlrat the Constitution of the United
States provides—that no money shall be drawn j
from the Treasury unless in pursuance of an ap-
propriation. I,ask that the purse of the nation
shall be placed under the control of the Represent-
atives of the nation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask whether there is any
practical difference between making contracts in
violation of law, and making them without law?
Ml'. GARNETT. If my amendment prevails,
no contract can be made in violation of law. I
am glad that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Florence] has brought the debate back to
the amendment itself. The amendment has noth-
ing to do with the question whether the Post Office
Department is self-sustained or not? It has noth-
ing to do with the overland mail, or with the ocean
mails, or with the mails between North and South.
It has simply this one point, this one issue: shall
I the Postmaster General be beyond the control of
! law; and shall the Treasury Depai trnent, and the
! taxes of the people, be at the indiscriminate mercy
i of any one executive officer? Shall the Constitu-
' lion o'fthe United States bea practical reality, or a
I nullity, by means of deficiency hills and extrav-
' agance of expenditures ?
• Mr. FLORENCE withdrew his amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move _to amend
the amendment by adding at the end of it the fol-
lowing:
" Until the same shall be appropriated by Congress."
Mr, Chairman, I want to act understanding^,'
and I think it right that this House should act
understandingiy. Many gentlemen here profess
great abhorrence at deficiency bills., and yet they
are now, by the bill pending before the 'commit-
tee, voting a deficiency of $10,00(5,000, which
muSt of necessity be provided for at the next'ses-
sion of Congress. What do you propbs.e to "ap-
propriate by this bill, for the service of We'l?o'St
Office Department, during the fiscal -year eriSiftg
June 30, I860? Within a few thousand dollars
of $17,000,000. Here are the estimates of the Post-
master General, upon which this bill is based: for
the inland service, $16,922,000, and $15,000 in
another place, for publishing'the laws and regula-
tions. Then, sir, there is the ocean mail service, for
which you now have a bill pending here, reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means, pro-
posing to appropriate for that service, f1,055,000
and some fraction, making in round numbers the
estimate for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment, for the next fiscal year, $18,000,-000.
What is the Postmaster General's estimate of
receipts for that year? It is $7,431,988. These
are the* estimated receipts for the year which you
are now proposing to appropriate fl8,000,000
for. You are, then, proposing to appropriate
$10,500,0t)0 for this branch of the public service
more than the leceipts from that branch of the
service will bring into the Treasury, Now, will
gentlemen vote this, and say, by their votes, to
the contractors, to the postmasters, and to every-
body else, that while, in this bill, we limit the
Postmaster General to the revenues of the Depart-
ment, yet we give them assurance that when the
time comes we will appropriate $10,500,000 of
excess out of the Treasury of the United States,
paid there by taxes drawn from the industry of
the country ? I would ask these g«?nllemeiHrom
New York, and these protectionists, gentlemen
who are striving to fasten burdens upon the honest
industry of the country, for the purpose of foster-
ing and building up and enriching their already
overgrown capitalists, are they making these ap-
propriations for the purpose of creating a neces-
sity for increased taxes upon the people? If you
pass these appropriation bills, do it With your
eyes open. Put into this bill, before you send it
to the President, a clause appropriating out of the
Treasury of the United States the money to meet
any and all the deficiency that may arise in com-
plying with the provisions of this act. You will
then bo acting honestly towards yourselves, hon-
estly towards your constituents, honestly towards
the Department, honestly towards the contractors,
and honestly towards the executive administra-
tion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KEITT. My friend from Tennessee has
clearly proved, I think, that the postal receipts
are not equal to the expenditures. I think it is
agreed upon all sides, that our legislation in rela-
tion to the postal service is inapt, extravagant,
costly, and cumbrous; but we are not agreed as
to the remedy, if anything at all has been said
about a remedy.
Now, sir, I belong to that school of political
economy which believes that some expenditures
dignify and adorn, and others impoverish and dis-
tress. I am ready to take my share in the former;
I am unwilling'to run the risk of the latter. I.be-
lieve that the Post Office Department should be
self-sustaining. I believe that the Government
has no more right'to carry the letters of A B, than
it has to carry the produce of A B. Ifctthe Gov-
eminent has gone into the system, and the ques-
tion with us is how to disentangle it; and it we
cannot disentangle it, how we shall conduct it,
and in what points we-can retrench. Gentlemen
lay the stress of their whole argument upon the
discretion of the Executive officer. Now, what
I1 discretion has he? Can he put service upon routes
' not prescribed by existing law ? Can he do any-
thing not' authorized by existing law ? The only
discretion he has, is to increase the service on a
route, to lengthen a route, or shorten a route.
And, if the Government is to involve itself in the
discharge of postal functions, then I ask the com-
mittee, how can you properly relieve the Execu-
tive from this discretion? Is it possible for your
