152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20
that those who go into actual service, that those
who suffer the hardships and privations of the
camp, that those who neglect their own private
business for the interests of the country—when
they come into the evening of life, when they are
deprived, as 1 undertake to say most of them are,
of those advantages and those facilities for a com-
fortable support that other employments will gen-
erally secure—I say it is the duty of the Govern-
ment to see that those men are not turned adrift,
with no provision for their support. The duties
are reciprocal—the duties of the citizen-soldier to
the Government, and the duty of the Government
to the soldier. I am content to place the matter
on the high ground of duty—of right; duty to
the men who have periled their lives in the cause
of their country, and have suffered hardships and
privations fatal to many of their comrades; dis-
astrous to themselves. It is, in my opinion, no less
a dictate of duty than a wise and judicious policy,
to see that they shall have no reason to regret
the services from which we have gained so much.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BRANCH. As this is the only day in the
week when resolutions can be offered under a
suspension of the rules, as there is a great deal
of business which gentlemen around the Hall
desire to transact, and as this bill can come up any
day, I move, for the purpose of enabling gentle-
men to have an opportunity of offering resolu-
tions, under a suspension of the rules, that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed thechair,the Chairman (Mr. Hopkins)
reported that the Committee of the Y/lioie on
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and
especially the bill granting pensions to tho officers
and soldiers of the war of ldi^, and had coinu to
no resolution thereon.
ADJOURNMENT OVER THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr, PHILLIPS. ( ask the consent of the
House to take up the resolution from the Senate,
for a temporary adjournment.
Mr. CURRY, Mr. MORGAN, and others, ob-
jected.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that the rules of the
House bo suspended) for the purpose of taking
up the resolution.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would
inquire whether that resolution cannot come up
to-morrow, after the morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. It could if the House should
first go to the business of the morning hour.
Several Members called for the reading of the
joint resolution.
Thcjoint lesolutiou was read. It provides that
when the two Houses of Congress adjourn on
Thursday, the 2.3d mutant, (hey adjourn to meet
on Tuesday, the 4th day of January next.
Mr. JONlilS, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the gentleman from LVnn^yUaiiui if it is his
purpose to amend the lesoluiion by altering the
time for which it is proposed to adjourn ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. It is not. The resolution
will, however, be in the possession of the House
if they shall suspend the rules.
Mr. UNDEUWOOI). It will be perfectly in
the power of the House to amend the resolution.
I hope the rules will be suspended.
Mr. STANTON called for the yeas mid nays
on suspending the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas ¥2;l, nays 7j; as follows:
VEAS--Me.^r>. M>bou, Aiiinm, Alii, Am!<v-'On. Andrews,
Arnold, Aveiy, B<irw>(lale, Bennett, Ililiumhm-t, Bi^liop,
Bi<nr, lMis , nonhani, Unyce. Home!). Buiinnj.um', Bm-
riett, Buir-, Oaruthcr-. Cn>e, (!av«u>:ui:rh, rii.ipm.m, Hoi-
ace F. Cl.uk, dawson, (.'lav, Ciaik B. Coc-'nane, John
Cochrane, (Jonim^. Covode, ('o\. Barton Or.i.r:-\ <"i awfonJ,
Curti-, Davidson, J lave, of Mih\ laud. tHu i < el .Ma^.telm-
Dnmniek, Edmundson. Ulioll, Fenton, Flor-
ence, Foley, Gamett. Gai treli, (Iillis Gdsni i, Gi cir*. tow,
JIaiiis, Hatuli, [Lavkiris I hcknuui, Iloiton, Ilowaid, nny
Icr, Jaek-on, Jenkins lewett, Owen Jone5, Kenn, Kent,
Kello«g, Kclley, Kelsev,Kiii;or'1, Jacob C. Kimkel, Lamar,
Lawrence, Lnvcjoy, Maclay. Mctiueori, JUa^-on, ? Tiiyuaid,
Milen, Edwaid Joy Morris, 6i tver A. IVI^r-o, Mott. Muuaj,
Nililaek, Nichols, Palmer, Peyton, William VV. Phelps,
Phillip-, Potter, Pottle, Powell. Reasm, Reiliy. Ilieawl,
Tlus-«"1K Samhri^Sawtcc, Seotr, H hoi fer, Single-
ton, Robert Smith, Wiliiam Fmith, Stephen-*, Stevenson,
William Htevvait. Talbot. George Taylor, Tliompf-on,
Tuppe, Giuiervvood, Vallan'hj'liam. W.tfdion, Ward, Cad-
waiad'Ji C. Wat-Lbui'i. Rihlia B. Wa^hburno, Isiael Wa^Ii-
barn, Watkins, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, Augustus
R, Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffe*y-122.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Bocoek, Brayton, Ruffinton,
Caskie, Chaffee, Ezia Clark, John B. Clark, Cobb, Colfax,
Comins, James Craig, Curry, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Mississippi, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee,
English, Farnsworrh, Foster, Giddings, Gilman, Goode,
Goodwin, Greenwood, Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall,
Harlan, Hoard, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, George W.
Jones, Knapp, Leach, Leidy, Leiter, Letcher, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Miller, Miilson, Moore,
Morgan, Morrill, fsaac N. Morris, Parker, Pendleton, Pettit,
John 6. Phelps, Pike, Purviancc, Ready, Roberts, Royce,
Scales, Reward, IlejtryM. Shaw,John Sherman, Spinner,
Stanton, James A. Stewart, Tappan, Tompkins, Vance,
Wade, Waibridge, Walton, White, and Wortendyke—74.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not having voted therefor.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Shaw, was detained from the House
by indisposition.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, for the purpose of giving the House
an opportunity of adjourning, if they shall think
proper, on another day.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman has not the
floor for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
tho motion to reconsider. The motion to sus-
pend the rules is one which dfein be repeated an
indefinite number of times; and a motion to re-
consider would therefore not be in order.
Air. STEPHENS, of Georgia. We can reach
the thincr very easily to-morrow, if the majority
of the House desire, by calling committees for
reports one hour, and then going to the business
on the Speaker's (able.
REVISION OF THE RULES.
Mr. WINSLOW, from the select committee
appointed to revise the rules of the House, made
a report; which was recommitted to that com-
mittee, and ordered to be printed.
REVISION OF PATENT LAWS.
Mr. STUAUT, of Maryland. I have a prop-
osition to make to the House, to which I suppose
there will be no objection. The committee of
whieh I hud the honor to be chairman at the last
session—the Committee on Patents—after a care-
ful examination of the matter, submitted a bill to
this House for amending the patent laws. It is
not a hill in which one party is interested more
than another, but it is one m which the whole
country is interested. It is not a hillwhich is to
take money from the Treasury. Tho object is to
make the Patent Ofliec a self-sustaining establish-
ment. There an; amendments necessary to be
nnulo to make that bureau accomplish the ends for
whieh i! was designed. My objcct, however, is
not now to discuss the bill, but to ask the House
to :iSf?i«j;n a particular day when it may be taken
up and dt^eu^ed. I hope, therefore, the House
will eon,'
to state that there is some doubt as to our reach-
ing the Senate resolution in the morning hour to-
morrow. It did not occur to me that there is
a special order to-morrow. I make this remark
that the House may not be misled by what I said
before.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. X move to
suspend the rules, to enable me to introduce my
motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Maryland that, if he will give
way, and allow me to offer a resolution, he will
reach the object he has in view. It is a resolu-
tion providing that the States shall be called to-
morrow for resolutions and bills.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. This bill was
reported at the last session. Jt is one of the first
bills now on the Calendar. I call for the yeas
and nays upon my motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to suspend the rules was not agreed
to.
IMPORTS AND EXPpRTS.
Mr. STANTON asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary ofthe Treasury be requested
to furnish to the House the following statements, to wit j
1. A statement of the aggiegate amount ot imports fVom
Great Britain to the United States, as shown by the United
States custom-house returns, for each ofthe following years,
namely : 1853, 1854, 1855, 1856, and 1857.
2. A statement, of the aggiegate amount of the exports
from Great Britain to the United States, for the same years,
as shown by the British custom-house returns.
3. Similar statements ofthe aggregate amount of imports
from France to the United States, a-j shown by the French
and Amcncan custom-house returns.
4. Astatementof the quantity and value of iron andman-
nfacitires of iron imported from Gieat Britain to the United
States tor each of the same years, as shown by the United
States custom house returns.
5. A statement ot the quantity and value ofthe same ar-
ticles cxpnted byOieat Britain to the United States, forthe
same yeais, as shown by the English custom-hou«e returns.
6. A statement of the quantity and value of silks, wines,
and diMilled liquois linpoited from Fiance to the United
States for each of the same years, as shown by the United
States custom-house returns.
7. A statement of the quantity and value of the same
articles cxpoiied fioiu France to the United States for the
same yeais, as shown by the French custom-house returns.
8. IftheEnghs.h and French custom-house returns, for
all the years mentioned, are not immediately accessible to
the1 Dcpaitment, the Secretary will furnish th« foregoing
statements', for the last five consecutive years, which the
data within his reach will enable him to riialte.
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire of my friend
from Ohio, if he has any idea that these tables
can be made and furnished to the House?
Mr. STANTON. They can be prepared by
six hours' work. I have looked over the statis-
tics myself, and know what they are.
Objection was made to the introduction of the
resolution.
Mr. STANTON moved a suspension of the
rules.
!
nt to make this bill (II. R. No..68) The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
sp(*ci il older; jmhI I suggest, if it will suit the
ronvenicuee of the House, that it be made the
special order for the 4th day of January, which is
to-morrow two weeks. 1 make that motion.
Since that bill was reported to-the House some
amendments have been suggested; and I desire
that those amendments may be printed, so that
the House may have the whole subject before
them when tho bill comes up under the motion I
have made.
Mr. VYASIIBIJ11NE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to the printing of the bill, but I object
I to making it a special order,
j Mr. PHELPS,of Missouri. I objectto making
; it a special order in the present posture of the
: public business. I have no objection to printing
j the :iniendiii"nts as the gentleman desires.
| Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I do not
; think the consideration of the bill will occupy
much time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The House is
about to lose two weeks by adjournment over the
holidays, and we will hardly have sufficient time
to transact the public business.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I do not be-
lieve that tho bill will consume over two hours.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to any further de-
bate.
Mr. IIARLAN. I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish simply
favor thereof.)
Mr. STANTON introduced the resolution, and
called the previous question.^
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oideied to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to Iny the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
SALE OF CERTAIN PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. GOODE, by unanimous consent., injtro-
< duced the following joint resolution; which was
! read a first and second time, and referred to the
j Committee on Commerce:
Joint resolution to authorize tho Secretary of
the Treasury to*sell a certain plat of land in the
city of Petersburg, Virginia, belonging to the
United States.
RECESS FOR THE HOLIDAYS AGAIN.
Mr. KEITT. As my friend from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] has suggested probable difficulties in
the way of reaching the Senate resolution for ad-
journment during the holidays, I now move to
take it up for consideration, and if there is any
objection to it, I shall move to suspend the rules.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I object.
Mr. KEITT. I move to suspend the rules to
enable me to make that motion.
