1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
legislation here to. meet all the exigencies of your
postal service so completely as to enable you, in
justice to the public, to deprive the Executive of
all discretion in the matter? If you do not de-
prive liim of it, then how can you avoid deficiency^
bills ?
Gentleman say they are prepared to vote any
amount which may be necessary, but they desire
to impose proper limitations. So do I; but, is de-
privation ofEsecutive discretion a proper limita-
tion? Will you accomplish any purpose i>y it
•whatever, except, in all probability, to make your
legislation inapt and inefficient? Wo, sir; when-
ever you touch this question, you must touch it
all over; the whole system must be overhauled.
Just so long as this Government discharges postal
functions, just so long as it carries letters^ you
mu3t extend the system through all portions of
the country, and to do it well, you must invest
the Postmaster General (for, in this Department,
I^hold him to be the Executive) with some discre-
tion. I would make the expenses of the Depart-
ment as light as possible; but if you go into this
system at all, I would make it efficient. I would
rather, therefore, that we should get through this
bill without furtherdiscussion; because, so far as
1 have heard the discussion, not a single word of
it has touched any of the provisions of the bill;
it has been all in reference to general abuses of
the system, not affected by any of the provisions
of the bill, o.r any of the amendments which have
been offered to it. *
I am ready, whenever gentlemen will go into it,
to go tKoroughly irtto the whole system. I am
ready to disengage the Government from it to-
morrow. I am ready to make letters, like all other
products, subject to be carried by private indus-
try; but so long as the Government insists on
making them an exception, I will do it in the best
and most efficient way.
The amendment of Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
to the amendment, was disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia by striking
out the word " more;" and I do it for the pur-
pose of stating the groynd upon which I am op-
posed to that amendment. And it is, that it strikes
me as being wholly unnecessary," and that it will
accomplish nothing. If we do not give the Post-
waster General authority of law to enter into con-
tracts and expend money, then any contract made
by him, or any expenditure incurred, is illegal,
and he knows it just as well as he will do if we
pass a law of the character of this amendment..
To act without law is to act in violation of law.
Ashas been stated by the gentleman from South
Carolina, as long as we keep up the present
postal system—and there is very little probability
that it will bo discontinued—we must invest the
Executive with a discretionary power. If it is
abused, the evil cannot be reached by any such
legislation as this. You must go to the people
of the country for it. If the Administration will
not execute the laws, or will go beyond the au-
thority of law, and contract liabilities which are
not authorized by the Government, the remedy
is in the hands of the people, at the ballot-box, to
provide an Administration which will faithfully
execdte the laws and be governed by them. The
adoption of the proposition of the gentleman from
Virginia, in my opinion,would be a reflection, or
imputation, upon the mannej' in which the Post-
master General has discharged his duties, and
would effect nothing else.
Now, sir, if the present Postmaster General
does not administer the postal department in a
manner which I think right "and proper, 1 will go
before the people, and present them with the in-
formation^and urge them to furnish a better.
This sort of legislation, it strikes me, is unneces-
sary; and, being unnecessary, is unwise. It is,
in some degree, as I have already suggested, cal-
culated to imply a want of confidence upon the
part of this House 111 the administration of the
Post Office Department; and I see no necessity
for so doing. I do not propose to enter on any
encomiums upon the present Postmaster General.
He needs none, and, so far as I know, desires
none. I simply say that I oppose a kind of legis-
lation which implies a censure on the part of the
House upon the Administration; and that is the
Reason why I oppose the amendment of the gen-
fleman from Virginia.
Mr. BURNETT. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee,pro/omo, merely
for the purpose>of bringing this discussion to a
close, if possible.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then X will withdraw the
amendment pro forma.
Mr, SICKLES. I offer an amendment to the
amendment;and I doit in good faith, for the pur-
pose of perfecting the amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia. I move to add the following:
Together with such an amount of permanent and indefi-
nite appropriations as may be applicable thereto.
•My purpose, more especially, in rising, is to
recall the attention of the committee to the amend-
ment upon which we are to vote, and to repeat
my desire that it may be adopted. The. Senate
has just adopted a similar amendment to the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill, almost in
the words of the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Virginia. Now, sir, no one can
imagine that it was intended by the Senate, in
adopting that amendment, to express any want
of confidence in the administration of the State
Department, or any disapproval of our foreign
policy. And I say here, that no one is entitled,
or ought to permit himself, to draw any inference,
frcim the support of this amendment by gentlemen
in this House, that they desire to evince thereby
a want of confidence in the administration of the
Post Office Department. For myself, I entirely
repudiate such an idea. I believe, as I have al-
ready intimated, that it will actually be a relief
to the Postmaster General; when he is pressed
by gentlemen who now complain of extravagant
expenditures for an increase of mail service, he
could say that Congress had limited the expend-
iture for this purpose to a certain amount, which
had already been expended. He could say to
them, " you mustgo to Congress with your state-
ment, and ask to have this route provided for in
the post route bill, and an appropriation made for
the increase of service."
I believe the adoption of such an amendment
would tend to economy in the Post Office De-
partment. I believe it would be the beginning of
a most salutary reform in the administration of
the postal service of the country; not as to. the
mode or manner in .which the chief of that Depart-
ment performs his duty, but a reform in the sys-
tem. It is not the object of the amendment now
before the committee, to limit the discretion ofthe
Postmaster General as to where or when he shah
disburse this money, or as to the amount he shall
pay for any special mail service. The object is
only to limit the'aggregate amount of expendi-
ture during the fiscal year by the Department, for
all the service estimated to be necessary.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means reappropriates
for the service of the Post Office Department, in
its first section, the revenues arising from the
postages collected. There is another section
which has not yet been considered, and which
appropriates from the Treasury a further sum of
nearly four million dollars to meet the deficiency
for the present fiscal year. The amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia, as 1 understand it,
effects a substantial curtailment of the postal ser-
vice. Its first part applies only to the revenues
received from the Post Office Department, The
other branch of his amendment is of a character
so comprehensive that, if it is adopted and be-
comes a law, it will abridge the postal service of
the country. Now, sir, I am opposed to that
legislation, and particularly in this manner. If
the postal facilities of the country are to be
abridged, if new routes are not to be opened, if
old routes are to be discontinued, let it be done
by a bill well considered and well guarded in all
its parts, and not by this comprehensive clause,
concealing its real effect, but substantially redu-
cing the service of the Department.
It will be observed that the appropriation is of
$17,000,(Jul), out of the revenues of the Post Office;
or, 111 other words, the revenues of the Post Office
up to that amount. It is an admitted fact that the
revenue will be §7,000,000 short of the sum ap-
propriated; so that if the amendmentproposed by
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garnett] pre-
vails, the postal service must be reduced to an
extent for which the $10,000,000 of revenue would
pay. The present service will cost $17,000,000,
the sum appropriated; and to bring it down to
J10,000,000 would require the Postmaster Gen-
eral to cut off as much mail service as would cost
that sum. Let gentlemen understand this, and
vote accordingly. I am not in favor of such a re-
duction; and shall vote against this amendment;
which, with aplausible exterior, has a most dan-
gerous meaning within it.
The gentleman" from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
made a remark in this connection which lam sure
he could not have intended. He surely does not
believe that any members of this House desire to
increase the appropriations, in order to make an
excuse for increasing the revenues; and I am sure
he will not say that any vote of mine was under
such influences.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say that, if
not so intended, that it will have that effect.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Very well, sir; that isa dif-
ferent thing. Now, sir, if the service of the coun-
try requires this money, let us have it. No matter
how much it is, or where it is to come from, so
that it comes from a legitimate, constitutional
source.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man, if he thinks it right to take $10,000,000 out
of the Treasury to be devoted to the Post Office
Department?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Certainly I do. If the service
of that Department requires it, I do. There is no
purpose to which it could be better appropriated,
or to which the people would so willingly see it
appropriated. I have before said that to the gen-
tleman. It is a favorite notion with some gentle-
men, that the Post Office Department ought to be
self-sustaining. I do not know on what princi-
ple that is urged. It is a Department of the Gov-
ernment; it is a part of the governmental policy,
like the Army, the Navy, or the Judiciary; and
will gentlemen stand up here and seriously argue
that either of these should be'made self-sustain-
ing? and why this? Simply because the tax,
ay, sir, the tax in the shape of postage upon the
citizens of this country heretofore has been so
heavy as to have enabled the Department to sus-
tain itself. The day for such legislation has gone
by—I hope forever. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia means anything, it
means the curtailment of mail facilities through-
out the country. That is the only legitimate ef-
fect that its adoption can have; and that effect is
one to which I will not contribute.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken; and Mr. Sickles's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. BARICSDALE. Mr. Chairman, I move
to strike out the last clause of the amendment. I
do so to make a remark or two. If this amend-
ment be adopted, the routes which were estab-
lished by Congress at its last session,and the routes
which are to be established by Congress at its
present session, cannot be put into operation.
The constituents of the gentleman from New
York may have as many mail facilities as they
desire. Perhaps the constituents of the gentleman
from Virginia haVe all the mail facilities they want.
But, sir, my constituents have not adequate mail
facilities. At the last session of Congress sev-
eral new routes were established for their benefit,
and I desire that, they should be put into opera-
tion. It is important that they should be put into
operation. I suppose that other gentleman have
had routes established. If you adopt this amend-
ment, then the hands of the Postmaster General
are tied, and service cannot be put upon these
routes. I trust, therefore, that the committee will
vote down the amendment, and give the Postmas-
ter General authority to put in operation routes
which Congress has established.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Chairman,
I am opposed to the amendment of the gentleman
from Mississippi, because I am inclined to favor
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia.
It seems to me it is true, as has been well stated,
that this amendment, if it shall be adopted, will
not necessaiily have the effect to contract the ser-
vice upon the mail routes of the country. But,
sir, it will have the effect to bring the question
directly before Congress, which has and always
ought to have the control of the purse strings of
the nation, to say what service shall be performed.
It is for us, in our annual appropriation bills, to
say just how much money we are willing shall be
appropriated each year for the service of the Post
Office Department. And why should we not do
so? What reason is there that the Postmaster
General should have this yast and enormous dis-
