THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
tpent, to come in at the close of the first section
of the biU:
Provided, That the contract made and entered into be-
tween the Post Office Department and Butterfield &Co.,
fo^carrying the overland mail from the Mississippi river to
the Pacific coast, be, and the same is hereby, ratified and
confirmed, and that Butterfield & Co. be compelled to carry
said mail according to said contract.
Mr. AVERY. Mr, Chairman, I offer this
amendment in good faith, not only because I
wftnt it to pass, but, sir, I also do so in order to
avail myself of this, the first opportunity which
has been afforded, or likely will be during this
discussion, to reply to the speech of the_gentle-
jvian from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] made yester-
day upon his amendment to this bill authorizing
Butterfield & Co. to select their own route for the
transportation of the overland mail to California.
The gentleman saw fit, too, sir, in the course of
his remarks, to attribute to the Postmaster Gen-
eral improper motives in establishing this route.
All that! have to say upon this subject is, that
the fair fame of the Postmaster General, not only
in his own State, but in the nation, lifts him far
above the reach of any imputations of such a
character, let them come from whatever quarter
they may. Whilst, sir, he deserves and is re-
ceiring-at the hands of the people just praise for
his wisdom and impartiality in tins matter, this
route was not selected by him alone, but by the
"whole Cabinet, with the President at their head,
after the most deliberate and mature considera-
tion. '
But, sir,a few words as to the merits of the gen-
tleman's amendment. By it, sir, he proposes to
give to the contractors, Butterfield & Co., the se-
lection of their own route. Under the present
contract between the Post Of]icc Department and
Butterfield & Co., they are obliged to carry the
mails from San Francisco to Memphis and St.
Louis, branching at Foit Smith, in Arkansas.
What, sir, will be the effect of this amendment?
For what purpose is it moved ? The whole and
sole object is to obliterate the Memphis branch,
and to unite and concentrate everything at St.
Louis upon the northern route. Its effect is to
stride down the whole interest of the section from
which 1 come, in this overland mail; that they are
to have no part nor lot in it. I say so,.because
this Butterfield company arc in the interest and
under the domination of St. Louis. 1 have it
from the highest authority of gentlemen in this
city, fresh from this overlaml travel, that the most
shameful and iniquitous discriminations are made
all along the line against the Memphis, and in
favor of the St. Louis route; tly.t every imped-
iment and obstacle are thrown m the way of a
Memphis traveler, whilst every facility and in-
ducement are held out to the St. Louis route. I
give gentlemen fair warning ntfw, that if this
amendment is concurred m by the House, I will
bend my every eneigy, from this time on, to bring
about an abrogation of the whole con tract—a burst-
ing up of the whole matter. If my section is to
be sacrificed, I shall make unmitigated war upon
her adversaries. That Butterfield & Co are hos-
tile to the Memphis route, independent of this pos-
itive testimony, is palpable, from the manner in
which this service has been performed ever since
it was put in operation. But, sir, there is another
reason why this power should not be given these
contractors. They now are compelled to carry
the mail on two routes; by this amendment they
would select only out', and get double pay for a
single service; for they would still gel the pay they
now do; it would not diminish the expense a
dollar.
Sir, this route was selected because it was wise
and just; and I say, here, to-day, that it has fully
vindicated itself. The southern route has proved
itselfto be the most practicable of any of the routes
to the Pacific.
1 want this contract carried out to its strict con-
formity; and hope, therefore, that the House will
non-concur in the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri. This is all that I have to cay
upon the subject at present.
Mr. BLAIR. I am very glad the gentleman
from Tennessee has again brought this matter to
attention of the House and the attention of
jthe country, in regard to what the gentleman
says about my casting imputations upon the mo-
tives of the Postmaster General, I have only to
say that I stated upon this floor what I deem to
be the facts in the case.
Mr. AVERY. Will the gentleman allow me
to state what are the facts of the case ?
Mr. BLAIR. You migftt have stated it in your-
own time. 1 cannot allow mine to be taken up.
I stated, upon good authority, what I believe to
be the facts of the case; and I leave it to the judg-
ment of the House, to the judgment of the coun-
try, to draw such inference as the facts will jus-
tify.
Mr. ATKINS. Will the gentleman be good
enough to state precisely what he did say yes-
terday? It is due to the reputation of Governor
Brown, it is due to this House, and it is due to
the country, that this thing should be exactly
understood.
Mr. BLAIR. I have no objection to stating
what I did say then. I say now, that if the facts
of this case, as they have been given to me, are
true, then the Postmaster General is not above
the imputation, or inference, which it is very clear
the country will draw from them.
Mr. ATKINS. What are those facts?
Mr. BLAIR. I stated, upon good authority,
that the Postmaster General was the owner of a
large body of aland in Arkansas, the value of
which would b*e affected by the location of this
route.
Mr. ATKINS. I state, upon my personal re-
sponsibility, that the Postmaster General does
not own one foot of land upon the line of this
route, and that he does not owh" land within eighty
or one hundred miles of it; and I call upon the
gentleman for his authority.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee if he will deny that the Postmaster Gen-
eral does own a large body of land'in Arkansas?
Mr. ATKINS. I deny that lie owns one soli-
tary foot of land within eighty or one hundied
miles of the line of this route. Hp does own land,
but it is on the Mississippi river, below Helena.
Mr. BLAIR. That is not the inquiry I made
of the gentleman.
Mr. ATKINS. It is true that the Postmaster
General does own land in Arkansas, but, as I have
said, not near this route; and now I ask the gen-
jjeman for his authority for the statement he has
made?
Mr. BLAIR, lhad itfiom two gentlemen that
are members of this House, that he owned a large
body of land in the second congressional district
of Atkansas. It may be true, as the gentleman
says, that it was not within eighty or one hun-
dred miles of this route.
Mr. ATKINS. 1 understood you to say that
it was near the line of this route; and I now un-
derstand you to take it back.
*Mr. BLAIII. 1 did understand that it was on
or near that route.
Mr. ATKINS. Now, I ask the gentleman to
state who are the members of this House to whom
he refers ?
Mr. BLAIR. One is the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Craig,] and the other the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. English. 1
Mr. ATKINS. Well, sir, I am authorized by
thq Postmaster General to say that he does not
own one foot of land within eighty or one hundred
miles of this route; and I care not who states id,
it is untrue.
Mr. ENGLISH. Before the gentleman from
Missouri goes any further, I desire to say that I
understand he has made some refeience to my-
self. It the gentleman gives me as his authority
for stating that the Postmaster General was influ-
enced in the location of this route by motives of
personal interest, I desire to reply that I never
said any such thing.
  Mr. BLAIII, I have a distinct recollection that
the gfcntlernan make a statement in reference to
land owned by the Postmaster General in Ark-
pnsas* m the presence of myself and Mr. Craig,
of Missouri.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. ,If the gentleman
will allow me, 1 will state exactly what I remem-
ber in relation to this transaction.
Mr. BLAIR. I cannot yield just at this mo-
ment. 1 do not want this matter to go off in this
way. I desire to call the attention of the House
to a fact in regard to the location of this mail
route, which may explain some things in .refer-
ence to the matter, in its present attitude, after
the denials made here on behalf of the Postmas-
ter General, There was first located, by the Post-
master General, a route running from St. Louis
and from Memphis, to unite at Little.Rock with
a line running directly from St.^Louis through
the heart of the second congressional district in
Arkansas. Subsequently a strong pressure wa3
brought to bear upon the Postmaster General
from my own State, and particularly from na-
tional Democrats in nqy own State, wlio had a
gubernatorial election pending at that time i.n Mis-
souri, and who thought -it would not do to have
the interests of Missouri slighted at such a time.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Phelps] was one who induced the
Postmaster General to some extent, to m^ke an
alteration, which carried the line from St. Louis,
by Springfield, in Missouri, to a town upon the
western frontier of the State of Arkansas, which
route was about eighty or one hundred miles pest of the
first location, about the same distance that the gentleman
says the lands of the Postmaster General are located.
I do not know now in regard to his ownership of
land there. I stated that the information I had
was derived from good authority. It was de-
rived from conversation with my colleague, [Mr.
Craig,] and from conversation with the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. English.] 1 made no other
imputation upon the Postmaster General, except
such inference as might be justly drawn from the
facts. It was my impression that he might have
been influenced not only by tho effect that the lo-
cation of this route would have in itself, but also
by the fact that it was intended to make it the
pioneer of a southern railroad.
If any gentleman will look to the communica-
tion laid by the Postmaster General before this
House, and the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads last winter, he will find that he makes
that a portion of his argument, that this is to be
the pioneer line of the Pacific railroad. He lo-
cated this route. Whether he did it with the
counsel or sanction of the President of the United
States or not, he made this location in violation
of law.
Mr. ATKINS. What law?
Mr. BLAIR. I will read it.
" And the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, au-
thorised to contract for the conveyance of the entire letter
mail from Mich a point on the Mississippi river as the con-
tractors may bclect, to San Francisco, in the State of Cali-
lornia."
Mr. ATKINS. Just one word.
Several Members. "Order."
Mr. ATKINS. It is not in the mouths of gen-
tlemen to call me to order, if the gentleman does
not object to my interruption.
Mr.* BLAIR. I yield.
Mr. ATKINS. It is not in the mouths of the
contractors to say a word on this subject, for the
reason that they waived the whole case. They
consented to the termini which the Postmaster
General submitted to them.
Mr. BLAIR. They cannot, alter a law by
waiving it. I will read 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURNETT. I move to strike out the last
line of the amendment.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man to yield me the floor for a personal explana-
tion.
Mr. BURNETT. I yield for that purpose,
Mr. CRAIG, ot Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I
regret that this question has arisen between my
colleague [Mr. Blair] and the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Atkins:] but it is due to my
colleague, as well as to the Postmaster General,
that, since my name has become mixed up with
it, I should state all I know of the matter. I have
given cu\ise, in no conversation with any gen-
tleman, to base, upon my authority, improper
motives attributed to the Postmaster General, for
his location of what is commonly known as the
Butterfield mail route. I cannot sustain either of
the gentlemen who have made an issue of fact
or of recollection. It is not within my remem-
brance whether the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
English] was present or not at any conversation
between my colleague and myself on the subject.
I will state to the House, since it has come up
here, that, in the conflict of interest between what
is called the South Pass route and the Butterfield
route, I "have heard enemies of the Butterfield
route make imputations upon the Postmaster Gen-
eral. I have talked of these things repeatedly to my
colleagues and others, friends of the Postmaster
General. My recollfction is, that in a conversa- .
tion with my colleague of the St. Louis district,
