1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I mentioned to him that I had heard that the Post-
master General owned a considerable portion of
land, a large tract I said, probably, in the district
of my friend from Arkansas, [Mr. Greenwood.]
I may have said that this mail route touches that
district, or runs through it; but I neverstated that
it runs through Governor Brown's property. I
do recollect to have stated to my colleague, that
there was mpre of policy in the selection of" that
route than the enhancement of the value of prop-
erty; and also, that it was intended as the pioneer
route for a railroad through that section. I can-
not suffer any gentleman to charge me as attribut-
ing to the Postmaster General the interested mo-
tive alluded to by the gentleman from Tennessee.
I have never charged that, for*the enhancement
of his own property, he had taken a mail route
out of its direction.
Mr. Chairman, I have often said, and I repeat
it here again, that Mr. Buchanan is indebted for
all the popularity of the present Administration
to the Post Office Department; for certainly three
fourths of it. [Laughter.] As has been already
said, the mail facilities of this country have not
heretofore wended their way towards the "West.
I have to say, for the present head of the Post
Office Department, that he has remembered that
there wasaWest. And, sir, it is true, the meas-
ures of this Administration which have won the
affections of the people, which have gone home
to the fireside of the people, and for which it has
gained popularity, have, to a great extent, been
those of the Post Office Department.
Mr. BLAIR. I hope their will be no objection
to my saying a word. I did not quote my col-
league as making any imputation upon the Post-
master General.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I so understood it.
Mr. BLAIR. I quoted him for the fact sim-
ply which I stated, that the Postmaster General
owned, a large tract of land in that congressional
district, or in that part of Arkansas. I do not
intend that this matter shall rest at this point. I
■wish to know whether the friends of the Postmas-
ter General can deny that this land did touch (he
route as originally located by the Postmaster Gen-
eral.
Mr. ATKINS. So far as I know, I say itdoes
not.
Mr. FLORENCE. I deny, positively, that it
passes within eighty miles of the property of the
Postmaster General, for I took occasion to ask
him that question this morning; besides, the route
was not adopted by the Postmaster General. It
was a favorite project of General Rusk's. I be-
lieve he was the originator of the idea, and that
he suggested the route. But the route was adopted
in Cabinet council.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, how he happens to know the facts ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I inquired of the Postmas-
ter General himself; I went to the best source for
the information. I believe him to be a truthful
man, and I never heard his veracity called in
question.
Mr. BLAIR. I am perfectly willing to take
the answer that the Postmaster General 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 throw myself on the indulgence
of the committee.
[Cries of'S Question."]
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I trust that before
the question be put, the chairman of the Post Of-
fice Committee [Mr. English] will be heard.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order; debate
is exhausted.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no disposition to in-
terfere with the wishes of the committee, but I
think that the discussion on this particular sub-
ject has progressed far enough. If, however, it
be the wish of the committee to permit it to con-
tinue, I withdraw mv objection.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. PHILLIPS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and McQueen were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 78, noes 53.
The motion was agreed
So fh6 committee rose; and th<3 Speaker having
resumed the Chair, Mr. Hopkins reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the bill making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment, for the year ending June 30,1860, $nd
had come to no resolution thereon.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT ASSOCIATION.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the House to per-
mit me to take from the Speaker's table, Senate
bill (No. 544) to incorporate the Washington Na-
tionaiJVIonument Society. Let the bill be read,
and no gentleman on this floor can have any ob-
jection to it. If the bill is to pass, this day, the
22d of February, is the day most appropriate for-
its passage.
There being no objection; the bill received its
several readings, and was passed.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill'was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PA.PEKS "WITHDRAWN.
Mr, MARSHALL, of Kentucky, asked, and
obtained, leave to withdraw from the files of the
House, the papers in the case of Charles A. Perry
& Co., on leaving copies of the same.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Several gentle-
men have informed me of their desire- to have an
evening session, for debate*only. I therefore
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the State of the Union.
OVERLAND MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask my colleague to yield the
floor for a moment to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Enot.ish.] I wish him to make an explana-
tion of the remark that he made a moment ago.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Let that be done
to-morrow.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. He can make the
explanation in committee.  
Mr. BLAIR. I prefer that it should be made
now. I think it but just and fair that the gentle-
man should be allowed to make the explanation
now.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri yield for that purpose?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do.
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Speaker, £ have but a
word to say upon this subject. I did not know
that my name was 111 any way connected with
this affair, and I only casually heard itut the time
the gentleman from Missouri was addicssing the
committee to-day. There was so much noise and
confusion in the Hall at the time that i did not
distinctly understand what he said. I understood
the purport of it to be, that I had asserted to him
that the Postmaster General owned lands along
the line of the overland mail route, to which I re-
sponded that the gentleman was mistaken, and
that I had not asserted anything of the kind to
him. I say now, that I have not had, and have
not now, any knowledge of the sort. I have every
confidence in the Postmaster General; and do not
know that he owns any lands on the line of the
road, or in that vicinity; and I never said that 1
knew it, or that I believed it, or that it was so.
it is true, however, as my colleague on the com-
mittee has indicated, that a rumor of that kind
has been in circulation, and I heard it a long time
ago. I may have spoken of the rumor*. I may
have 'made a casual remaik in reference to it in
the presence of the gentleman from Missouri, al-
though I have no recollection whatever of the fact.
It may hp^ however, thai I have spoken of it as a
rumor; but certainly not expecting it to be re-
peated as coming from me,"and never as a matter
that I had any personal knowledge of, or believed
to be true. I never have asserted it to be true,
because I have no information that would justify
me in making such an assertion. 1 repeat, I have
heard it spoken of as a rumor, and may have al-
luded to it as such, but in no other sense. I do
not understand now that there is any issue be-
tween the gentleman from Missouri and myself
on the subject.
Mr. BLAIR. I never quoted the gentleman as
knowing the fact of his own knowledge. I sim-
ply stated that he told me, in conversation, that
he had heard of this thing, at\d 1 intended to be
understood as saying that I derived my informa-
tion from him; but not that it was of his own
knowledge. ;
Mr. ENGLISH. I have no recollection what-
ever of-having such a conversation with the.gen-
tleman, and certainly never said the Postmaster
General owned lanaon the line?of the overland
mail route; but 1 may have wade Some allusion"
to the rumor, in his presence,
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Missouri, whether his object is.to have
an evening session for business or for debate?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. My object is to
submit a resolution to allow an evening session
to be held to-fiight for debate merely.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for tellers on my mo-
tion.
Mr. SICKLES. Is the evening session to be
for work or talk ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Not for work,
Several gentlemen have requested me to move-to
have an evening session to-night, as they desire
to discuss some questions of financial policy. I
intend to submit a motion for the purpose of con-
tinuing in force the resolution adopted yesterday
for an evening session,
Mr. KUNICEL, of Maryland. With the per-
mission of the gentleman froai Missouri, I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to withdraw
from the files of the House the memorial of W.
P. Bowie, a copy being left. •
No objection being made, the leave was granted.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I make a similar request in
the case of Dinah Minnis, for whose relief a bill
has passed.
Leave was granted.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to permit me to introduce a bill, for the
purpose of having it referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, it must not
be brought back again by a reconsideration.
Mr. LETCHER. What is it about?
The Cleik read the title of the bill, as follows:
A bill to revive the tariff of 1846.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the in-
troduction of that bill for aijy purn'dse on God's
earth.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has already a motion pending to suspend
the rules to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 move that t|je
resolution authorizing the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to take a recess,
and hold an evening session for general debate,
be extended to this day.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
I understood the gentleman from Missouri to
yield me the floor, to enable me to ask leave of
the House to introduce a bill for reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I presented the bill, and had it read; and
objection being made, I mowd a suspension of
the rules
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri had a motion pending to suspend the rules
at the time and pending that motion; the gentle-
man from Maiyland and .the gentleman from
Pennsylvania got unanimous consent to withdraw
certain papers. The bill of the gentleman from
Indiana could not be received and referred, if ob-
jection was made. Objection was made; and the
Chair cannot entertain two motions to suspend
the rules at the same time.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 ask the gentleman from
Missouri if he did not waive his motion, to ena-
ble me to introduce my bill, and have it referred ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have not with-
drawn my motion. Whatever has been done,
has been done by unanimous consent,
Mr. HUGHES. I will state to the House,
then, that there was a great misunderstanding.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will have to withdraw his first motion to
suspend the rules before the Chair can entertain
the second.
