156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Army and Navy supplies, and all other Govern-*
ment service, by railroad, from the Missouri
river to San Francisco, in the State of California;
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Wilson to strike out of the first section the
words, " the most eligible route, reference being
had to feasibility, shortness, and economy," and
in lieu thereof to insert " the shortest practicable
route between the parallels of latitude thirty-five
and forty-two;" so as to make the section read:
That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to enter into a contract for
the transportation of the mails, troops, seamen, munitions
of war, Anny and Navy supplies, and all other Government
service, by raihoad. from a point on the Missoun river, be-
tween the mouths of the I3?g Sioux and Kansas rivers, to
San Fiancifeco, in the State of California, on the shoi test
practicable route between the parallels of latitude thirty-
live and forty-two.
Mr. V/ILSON. Mr. President, before the de-
bate goes on upon that proposition, I desire to
modify it. On further examination, instead of
the thiity-Mh, I propose to say the thirty-fourth;
and instead of ihe forty-second, to say the forty-
third degree of latitude.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. "VVARB. Would it be in order to intro-
duce an amendment to be considered after dis-
posing of the present one?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can give notice of his intention to move an amend-
ment, but an amendment at the present time will
not be in order.
Mr. SEWARD. It can bo received informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can bo re-
ceived as notiro of an amendment to be offered
hereafter, when it shall be in order.
Mr. WARD. Then I give notice that I shall,
when it may be in order, oiler the amendment
which 1 send to the Chair.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
which is to stnke out, in section one, the words:
" From a point on llie Missouri rivei lieuveeii the mouth*
of tlu> [ill! Sioux met Kaii.e; rivers to San l''r,meiseo, ill
the &tate of L'uhlbjmu,"
And insert:
From i-nine point between the fnrt.\-fifth il'vrree of liorth
lata title ami t lie m>ui hern bound .try I lie- ol Ihe United Slate..
Ii > the neaie-l elite hie pnim mi Un- I'aeiiie eo.iM, in the flatt-
er California, lek'ienee being had to h'aMlahi} , slim tee-*,
anil eeunoiuy.
And second: to strike out, in section neven, the
sum of " ^125,000,000," and insert" $10,000,000,"
Mr. WARD. Mr. President, I voted to bring
the original bill before the Senate, for the purpose
of oltWing an amendment at the proper time; but
hitherto 1 have not been able to get it before the
Senate. An I shall oppose the nan nd merit now
uiulf r consideration, i have thought proper, before
#ho vote is token, to l>rin  to the minds of the
Senntoix the one which 1 will offer in its Older,
should i have the opportunity of dome: so; but
aw to tin: niei ita of the one now before the Senate,
i shall say a few words.
Mr. President, I have thought it proper to take
tins course, because i feel deeply interested in the
construction of this road; not, in a sectional point
of view only, but to attain that locution for the
uvd that would be for the best interests of the
w boh* country. It appears to mo that if any of
the lines for the location of this road as heretofore
spoken of are to be considered, we should adopt
the ian^ua^e used in the bill in its literal sense,
when it provides that the road shall be constructed
on the most eligible route, reference being had to
feasibility, shortness, and economy. Now, does
the pending amendment which proposes to limit
the road to" a route between the thirty-fourth and
forty-thlid devices, picsentan opportunity to se-
lect the nearest, the cheapest, and the most prac-
ticable route to the Pacific coast ? If not, I eontend
that the whole field should be thrown open so as
to afford achancc for a route below the thirty-
fourth decree.
According to the explorations of the various
routes, as reported, it will be seen that some have
been considered impracticable; and others, from
the nature of the country over which they pass,
as well as their great length, would cost an un-
necessary expenditure of money and delay.
It will appear from the table of cost and dis-
tances, that amongst them all (and I believe there
are eight or ten of them) the southern route from
Fulton to San Diego, via El Paso, is the shortest
and most practicable one by over fifty per cent.,
after allowing for that link in the road which is
now being constructed by private enterprise, aided
by,the State of Texas. If, however, upon further
examination, a more available one can be found,
it should by all means be adopted.
I have ever been of the opinion, Mr. President,
that some place on the Mississippi river should
be selected as the "Starting point for this great na-
tional highway, and its terminus to be the nearest
practicable point on the Pacific coast. It appears
clear to my mind that the interest of tKe whole
people would be most effectually guaided and pro-
tected by entrusting the location of this road to
the carc and direction of the capitalists who may
undertake the work with the proper guards and
restrictions. In the first place, they would be re-
quired to locate the line of road according to the
provisionsof the bill, "-on the most eligible route,
reference being had to feasibility, shortness, and
economy;" but before committing this important
trust to the charge of undertakers, we should first
consider what tneir interest would prompt them
to do.
It is, however, reasonable to suppose that they
would select a starting point within the space
allowed, with reference to the whole country, so
as to concentrate at some central and convenient
point the largest portion of the travel and com-
merce for the patronage of their road.
1 have not a table of the railroad statistics be-
fore me, but 1 believe the estimate is, that there
arc about twenty thousand miles of railway east
of the Mississippi river, and as many miles of
navigable streams, forming a complete network
from Maine to Georgia and from the gulf coast
to the lakes of the north. And it will be observed
that the general tendency of those roads is west-
ward, many of them reaching from the Atlantic
coast, by one continuous line, to the Mississippi
river; oihers terminating on the Ohio river from
the north, tapping it at various places from its
head to its mouth; whilst the roads from the gulf
coast reach far up into the interior of the coun-
ti y; all seeming to be in seaich of a passage west
to the Pacific.
And now, Mr. President, we must cast our
mind west, and examine critically the physical
condition of the country over winch we have to
make a road, as well as the roads west already
| built, and those in prospect, and see the best and
j most practicable route for a connection with the
Pacific coast. I am not familiar with their rail-
road prospects in the extreme noithwestern por-
tion; but I wiil say from St. Louis there is a
load tunning west fiom that place one hundred
and seventy-five or two hundred miles. I am
not certain, as to its length.
The Cairo and Pulton mad has a grant of six
sections of hind per mile to aid m its construc-
tion, and has, I am told, a portion of it under
contract. The Memphis and Little Rock rail-
road, which intellects the Cano and Fulton road,
has a similar grant from the Government, and
fifty miles m running order. The Mississippi,
Waclnta, and lied Rucr road, sometimes known
as the Gaines Landing road, the whole length of
which will be one hundred and eighty miles, has
one hundred miles graded, and a portion of it
ready for the iron. These roads form a junction
at Pulton, a little south of the thirty-fourth par-
allel. The Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific road
leaves at that point for El Paso, a distance of
about eight hundred miles. The Vicksburg and
Shreveport road is now being constructed,and is
to be completed in 1861, according to the con-
tract. It connects with the Southern Pacific road
at the eastern boundary line of Texas, a little
noith of the thirty-second parallel. From this
point, the Southern Pacific road runs west, to El
Paso, Tt has twenty-five miles now in running
order, and recently fifty more under contract; and
peihaps it would not be amiss here for me to say
that, but for some unfortunate difficulties which
have existed in that company, a much greater
amount of road would now be in running order.
I am happy to say, however, that these difficul-
ties have been recently removed, and that at a
late meeting held at Louisville, where more than
three fourths of the stock were represented, they
agreed harmoniously to prosecute the work. That
road runs west to a point where it will form a
junction with the Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific
road, somewhere on the Trinity river; and from
that point the energies, the interests, and the cap-
ital of both companies will be united in the con-
struction of one trunk road to El Paso. The
Opelousas road, too, is completed to Berwick'sx
bay, from whence there is a communication to
Galveston by water, and a continuation of the
same line by land to the Sabine Pass, where it
connects with other Texas roads running north
and west, by way of Houston, Austin, and San
Antonio, in the direction of El Paso.
The Galveston and Henderson road also has
forty-seven miles completed, and twen ty-five miles
under contract. The Texas, Central, and Hous-
ton road have had fifty miles running successfully
for several years; and I am told that by July they
will have at least seventy-five miles in running
order. This road will connect with the Memphis,
ElPaso,and Pacificroad,somewhere on theTrin-
ity river. I consider these gulf roads of vast im-
portance in this great enterprise; for it is a well
known fact that commerce will, as far as possible,
seek water transportation.
I have thus attempted to bring the minds of
Senators to the fact that the Texas roads, in con-
nection with the roads west of the Mississippi
river, carry this great work to El Paso. Accord-
ing to the test information we have, it is only six
hundred and fifty miles from El Paso to San Diego.
Thus, if the El Paso route be taken, there w
be only six hundred and fifty miles to be con-
structed by Government aid; and according to the
best information that can be had, there are but
few obstacles in the way of its construction, there
being streams and natural water tanks at conve-
nient distances. In the absence of these, well
water can be had at the distance of forty or fifty
feet. Such is the opinion of Mr. Gray, derived
from actual observation while engaged in the
boundary-line survey under the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo, in 1852.
Next, I would call the attention of Senators to
the discrepancy between the costs and distances
of a road on the various routes proposed. The
shortest route actually surveyed within the range
of country prescribed in the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] is
two thousand miles; while, on the route of which
I have spoken, the aid of this Government will be
required for only six hundred and fifty miles.
Some may, perhaps, think that this argument falls
to the ground, for the reason that they suppose
the Texas roads wiil not be built. In answer to
that, 1 will say that I have every confidence in the
completion of those roads. Some, perhaps, may
not be built; but the leading roads across the
country, the main arteries of which I have spoken
of, will undoubtedly be constructed. Having said
this, perhaps it may be necessary that I should
give some of the reasons which lead me to this
conclusion.
In the first place, these roads have received a
magnificent grant of land from the State of Texas
—sixteen sections of land to the mile, with a res-
ervation for the location of the road. In addition
to that, we have a school fund of $3,000,000,
which has been, and will be, loaned to these roads
to aid and assist in their construction to the ex-
tent of $6,000 a mile. Besides, we have a pecu-
liar population in Texas; our people are largely
interested in the real estate of the country, the
value of which, to some extent, depends on the
completion of these roads. We have a larger
number of landholders in proportion to our pop-
ulation than any State in the Union. From the
poorest to the most wealthy, our people are taking
stock in the roads. Why ? Because aside from
the bonus to be received from our magnificent land
grants and the increased value of real estate, we
have in Texas the finest country in the world over
which to construct a railroad, and a country so
situated, geographically, that we have no navi-
gation, comparatively speaking, and arc driven
to make roads from necessity. These are some
of the reasons which induce me to believe that
such roads in the hands of such people arc bound
to succeed. As an evidence of the cheapness of
their construction, I will read a short paragraph
from a report of the president of the Vicksburg,
El Paso, and Pacific road, immediately on this
line. He says:
"The grading of the fiist fifty miles will cost $."6,000.
[See the able report of our engineer.] These estimates we
have tested, by letting out twenty miles of the road, and the
I contractois make handsome profits on their contiacts."
| ****>••.*** •
I " The ability to procecd with the construction increases
