1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
with the prosi ess of the works. If the land grant should be
sola at $1 50 per acre, it would amount to over $15,600 per
mile, a sum fully sufficient to pay for the entire eos,r of the
road ; and if the grant should be worth as much as the grant
to the Central Illinois road, ten dollars per acre, it would
amount to $100,0J0 per mile; and after paying for the road,
would leave a bonus of $85,000 a mile, to be divided among
the stockholders."
In that country, where there is in many places
but little more to do than lay down the iron, rail-
roads? can be constructed for $15,000 per mile.
When I say this^ I am not imagining what can
be done, but lam speaking of what has been done.
I do not pretend to say that the whole line will
be constructed for this amount; but I do say that
the cost of the whole line will not average more
than $20,000 a mile, and at most $25,000; and it
cati only cost the latter sum for small sections.
These estimates may startle some gentlemen,who
live in other regions of the country, where rail-
roads have to be built over lofty mountains, by
inclined planes, and through deep cuts, and car-
ried over broad rivers. We have no such diffi-
culties in our way.
I would further suggest the advantages of the
climate in the latitude over which the El Paso
route must pass—a latitude so favorable for the
business of its construction and of its operation;
being free from snow and ice at all seasons, which
is often found troublesome in a more northern lat-
itude.
And further still, this road would reach from
the extreme northeastern portion of the United
States to the extreme south west, passing in a diag-
onal direction across the Union, thereby making
it equally convenient for both the North and
South to reach it by branch roads
And still another idea: It would embrace, in
its course, the manufacturing, grain, cotton; and
sugar interest; we should necessarily, therefore,
be thrown together in the course of business and
travel from different localities, and this would af-
ford an opportunity to get better acquainted, and
better understand each other and our institutions;
and, although it may appear to some of small im-
portance, if of any importance at all, yet I hon-
estly believe that such an interchange would do
more towards harmonizing and binding together
the different sections of the Union than all the ex-
cited discussions and newspaper warfare could
accomplish in all time to come. I do not bring
forward this as an argument to induce the loca-
tion of the road on any given line, but only inci-
dentally,.and in connection with other results.
And now, Mr. President, I will briefly con-
sider the necessity and advantage of this road in
a national point of view. I will not enter into de-
tails on this point, for the question has been ably
discussed, and at length, by honorable Senators
heretofore. I beg leave, however, to call the at-
tention of Senators to the fact, that millions of
people are anxiously waiting for the accomplish-
ment of this desirable object, by which the Fed-
eral Government, without any actual outlay of
Government means, would not only accommo-
date and protect her citizens, but would develop
the resources of an immense country and increase
her commerce and revenue beyond the calcula-
tion of the most fruitful imagination.
But, in time of war with foreign nations, the
inestimable advantage of speedy communication
between our Atlantic and Pacific possessions, will
be most felt and appreciated. Men, and muni-
tions of war, by thousands, could be made avail-
able almost as soon as called for, and at compar-
atively small expense, and thus, by a timely
preparation, we should not only prevent a war,
but save the lives ofthousandsof our citizens and
millions of dollars to the country.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I am very
glad to see these numerous propositions of so
many fixed and certain routes for a Pacific rail-
load; and I hope that every proposition of that
chuactcr which is m reserve may speedily be
submitted, because their presentation will open
the way to a candid consideration of the few re-
marks which it is my purpose to make in support
of this bill; remarks designed, not to show that
the road which probably will be made under the
bill which is reported by the committee will be
made upon the best, or the most convenient route,
or the cheapest route, or that the system which
the committee have adopted and submitted to
the Senate in their bill, is the best system and
the most satisfactory one to all parties which can
be devised, but designed to show that it is im-
possible for the Congress of the United States,
representing, as they do, confederated States and
communities distant from each other so widely
as they are, and maintaining systems of com-
merce and agriculture and manufactures so di-
verse, can agree and determine upon any one
route, or the full details of any one system, to the
exclusion of all others.
I have little occasion to appeal to the Senators
from California, the only community on the Pa-
cific coast which as yet is represented in the Con-
gress of the United States. I have noticed always
in the Slate to which 1 belong that the memory
of the Netherlands is held in the tenderest affec-
tion by the descendants of the colonists of New
York. On the other hand, when 1 traveled in
Holtand, I was unable to find even one lingering
tradition there of the settlement of the New Neth-
erlands. It is always so. The affection of the
emigrant for his native land is always stronger
than the concern of the fatherland for its exiles ill
foreign countries. The Senators from California
are convinced and committed, and are earnest
enough in support of a Pacific railroad. It is
only the Senators from the eastern side of the
Rocky Mountains who require to be convinced.
It is only on this side of the mountains that the
snow and ice of indifference and prejudice remain
to be dissolved.
I shall pass rapidly over the question of details.
No Senator has shown—1 think no Senator can
show—any objection against the propositions for
settling the route, which are contained in the bill
reported by the committee, which has not been
already anticipated there. No one can show, I
think, as no one has shown, an objection against
the plan adopted and recommended by the com-
mittee for the construction of the road which has
not been anticipated there, which I myself have
not anticipated and surienderea there. This bill
is not my bill. The route upon which the road
will probably be made under it is uncertain. It
cannot now be ascertained. My own apprehen-
sions are, that it will cause a road to be built in a
latitude further south than I should prefer; but, on
the other hand, I know, or at least I think I am
authorized to say, that members of the committee,
as well informed on the subject and as shrewd and
sagacious as I, opposed the bill m committee, be-
cause they believed that under it the road would
probably be made on a route more northern than
they could approve. If I were authorized and em-
powered to provide for the construction of the
Pacific railroad,! should begin in a very northern
latitude, and I should carry the road directly across
the continent, in continuation of the northwestern
track of the emigration which has been pursued
from the time when the navigation of the great
lakes was opened until now, when we find popu-
lation already gathered and clustering upon the
western shores of Lake Superior. If I were au-
thorized to provide the system upon which it
should be built, I would discard and reject at once
all pretense of the employment of companies or
associations which, in my judgment, are but shams
when engaged by the Government of the United
States to construct a great national work. I regard
such associations as bodies which will have no sub-
stance, no blood, no nerves, no sinews, in short no
power, and even no vitality, but what they will
derive from the vigor and strength of the Govern-
ment of the United States. I would discard, ut-
terly and entnely, the policy of giving public Unds
to railroad companies to be sold m the shambles
to speculators, to raise means to carry on this great
national work. I would directly employ the cap-
ital and the credit of the United States, increasing
the revenues of the United States from commerce
for the purpose of defraying the cost and establish-
ing. at the same time, asinkingfund which should,
within a reasonable period, absorb the public debt
thus created. And I would surrender the public
lands in the vicinity of the road to actual settlers
for cultivation, so as to secure the speediest pos-
sible production of revenue from it.
But, Mr. President, I have been overruled in
the committee, as have been all the proposed
other or different plans or methods of determining
the route; anil they have been overruled upon a
due consideration of all our objections. This bill
has bten reported by a majority of the committee,
with whom I agree to accept it, not as the best
possible bill, but as that one which will come
! nearer to our own systems and views. The only
alternative, therefore, were either 'one less accept-
able to those with whom I suppose myself to be
acting, or no bill for a Pacific railroad atall.. If
any one inquire why I submitted to be overruled,
I answer, it was because I think that it is time for
deliberation to end, and for action to begin. . In
other words, I am in earnest in desiring to see a
Pacific railroad built.
If I have not made myself clear in regard to
this impossibility of fixing a route in debaie here,
I think I shall be able to do so by a single further
remark. The Congress of the united States con-
tains representatives who may be distributed ir.
several classes: first, those who would vote for a
Pacific railroad, if it should go in a route suffi-
ciently near to the States and districts which they
represent, and would probably vote against any
Pacific railroad on any other conditions; a second
class, who would vote for a railroad if it was not
carried upon a route entirely distant and remote
from the States which they represented; and a
third class, who will not vote for a railroad at all
anywhere, to be made in any way, and under any
circumstances. Since we concluded in the com-
mittee that no one route could be determined on
in debate, it only remained to find some plan for
the selection of a route independently of our own
direct action.
The proposition which was adopted provides
that the President of the United States shall be
furnished with means to contract virtually for the
building of a Pacific railroad, starting at a poiut
oil the western line of the organized States of the
Union, that is the Missouri river, the western
border of the State of M issouri, at some point be-
tween the Big Sioux and the Kansas rivers, and
thence to proceed to San Francisco, in the State of
California, by the most eligible route, regard being
had to feasibility, shortness, and economy. It is
possible that the confidence thus to be reposed in
the Executive might be abused; but there is a
guarantee for his trust being executed wisely and
justly, in the fact that the bill provides an appeal
to the interests of capitalists to ascertain the most
eligible route, reference being had to feasibility,
shortness, and economy. The western terminus
of the road must at all events, and immediately,
be at San Francisco; not that it will be the only
terminus of all the Pacific railroads which shall
be hereafter built; not that it is in our power to
bind up fate and compel the population throughout
the whole extent of the Pacific coast to pay tribute
forever to San Francisco, but that San Francisco
occupies, at this time, the position of the center
of commerce on the Pacific coast of this continent,
and that civilization is further advanced and more
completed and perfected in the State of Califor-
nia, and in that portion of it which communicates
with San Francisco, than it is in any region north
or south of that coast. A railroad to the Pacific
ocean would be practically incomplete which
should traverse the continent and stop at San
Diego on the south, or at Guaymas, on the Gulf
of California, or at Puget Sound. Although it
may be practically wise to build the road to Van-
couver's Island, or to Puget Sound, still, when
it has been brought there, commerce, trade, busi-
ness, and the interests of the Government, would
require ltto be continued to San Francisco. There-
fore, a majority of the committee supposed it was
safe and proper to require that the road should be
built to that point. What remained, then, was to
approximate to a terminus oil the western border
, i of the Atlantic States; and leaving the margin of
|] a short distance of three hundred miles between
i: the Kansas and Big Sioux rivers, we thought a
!' point might be taken from which connections
|l might be made from Chicago, from St. Paul, from
! St. Louis, from Memphis, from New Orleans,
I: and from Texas. In this way, while itmight be
I. supposed that the interests of the trade, as already
jl established, have determined one or several term-
!' iuatioiis on the Atlantic coast—Portland, if you
r please,or Boston, or New York, or Philadelphia,
li or Charleston, or New Orleans, or all of them—
|i the only question left was a practical one, namely:
i'| where, on the western borders of the existing At-
i: lantic States, these several points could rnostnat-
! urally and easily and conveniently be connected
i with the route across the continent which would
i be most eligible, because it was the most feasible,
| the shortest, and the one requiring the least ex-
I pense.
