158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Each Senator now raises a question whether
the road, if starting at a point between the Big
Sioux and the Kansas rivers, and seeking San
Francisco, will go northerly enough, or whether
it will go sufficiently far south, or whether it will
take the central route, or the Albuquerque route.
AH that matter is left to be ascertained by the
surest and best test, and that is the test of the
skill and science and economy of the contractors
■who shall engage to build the road. What has
already occurred here has been sufficient to show
that although it was possible that a majority of
those who favor the construction of a railroad to
the Pacific may not agree upon this system or
plan of ascertaining where it shall be located, yet
a majority cannot be gathered together to vote for
the northern, or Governor Stevens's route, be-
cause everybody south of that route would be in-
clined to vote against it. So, if you take a central
route, those on the north and those on ihe south
may be expected to combine to vote against it;
and if you take the Texas route, there would be a
strong opposition on the part of all those who
think that its effect would be to carry the emigra-
tion of the country and the progress of civilization
further south than is consistent with the interests
of the States which they represent. I make these
allusions not for the purpose of showing that the
details which this bill adopts are the best, but for
the purpose of showing that they are the best
upon which I suppose a majority of Congress cai:
be brought to agree.
Mr. President, we are met on this occasion, as
•we always have been, with the argument that the
construction of a Pacific railroad is impossible.
That objection has been raised here annually for
eight years, and so often as the subject of a Pacific
railroad has been renewed; but it comes now in
a modified foun. Now, it is said that it is impos-
sible to innke Ihe road within any reasonable limits
of expense, and within any reasonable and con-
venient period of time, it has been already dem-
onstrated, by actual surveys, that this road can
be made at an expense varying from $95,000,000
to §125,000,000, on any one of, 1 think, five several
joutes; and that, if the requisite energy shall be
exercised, it can be built within a period of ten
or fifteen years.
But it is said the road will cost a hundred or
more millions, and will be worthless when it is
made; because it will not be self-sustaining—that it
will be a burden upon theTieasury of$10,000,000
a year. It does not he in my way to dispute or
gainsay these specifications of the old objection of
impracticability as now modified. I grant you,
sir, that railroads cannot be made any where with-
out great cost, and especially if they are made
through mountain passes and over sterile plains,
in a region absolutely uninhabited, or inhabited
only by savages. 1 giant, moreover, that railroads
do not often pity dividends, and seldom or never
pay dividends when they are constructed through
a region ill which society hasyetto be called into
existence. 1 admit the tuith of these objections
when stated with any moderate limitations; but
this admission does not at all settle the question
of economy. We have fallen into the habit of re-
gal ding that road alone as feasible which could be
made by commerce, and sustained by commerce,
because that has been our experience, and the ex-
perience of older nations. A road is undertaken
m Russia, m Germany, in France, in England, in
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Virginia, Geor-
gia, Tennessee, everywhere in settled and civil-
ized States, for commercial purposes only, or
chiefly. It is undertaken upon the ground that
the profits of traffic upon it will pay for its con-
sumption, and its management. It is a very wise
policy on the part of the Government of the Uni-
ted States to employ for postal and military pur- I
poses, roads in those States which are made by !
commerce, and for commercial uses. Hut it by no !
means follows, and it is a «;reat error to infer that |
commerce will make and sustain railroads every- !
where, adapted to the purposes of the Govern-1
men t, or that the Government of the United States
has no need for a railroad across the continent,
because commerce will not make, and will not
sustain it when made.
The error, Mr. President, lies in supposing
that the road is to be built exclusively or chiefly
for eommeicial purposes, and that the test of its
expediency is an exigency of commerce. Tins road
for the present, perhaps for a long future, is to
be chiefly a political road, a road which will have
three purposes: the first, the conveyance of the
mails of the United States, thus making it a pos-
tal road; second, the conveyance of the armies
and the military and naval stores of the United
States to the interior of the continent, and across
the continent to the Pacific States; third, the in-
troduction and establishment of society in the re-
cesses of the continent. Independent of the great
central, desolate, dreary region which intervenes
between us and the Pacific coast, we have al-
ready exploded the ancient theory that the mails
of the United States can be maintained by com-
merce alone; we are actually maintaining postal
communication as a political necessity over east-
ern portions of the united States, and upon the
Atlantic and the Pacific oceans, at a cost greatly
exceeding the revenues derived from the "postal
service itself. A postal railroad across the con-
tinent, within our own dominion, would stand on
the same footing with our present overland wagon
road, or our steamship lines between New York
and San Francisco. But this is a very small ele-
ment in the question. Other great elements are
the maintaining of peace, and order, and author-
ity over the savage tribes in the interior of this
continent; and, if need be, which God forfend,
hereafter the maintenance of authority and of
peace and of law in Territories organized within
that region; and still fuither the protection of the
American communities which aie growing up on
the Pacific coast from the Gulf of California to
the boundary of British Oregon, the security of
those communities against danger in such foreign
wars as our whole political system contemplates
as possible; and lastly, there is the object of con-
solidating the Union between those States and the'
Atlantic States.
These are political objects, and it is seen at once
that the commercial uses of the road are entirely
incidental. For one, Mr. President, I believe
that if there had been a Pacific railroad there
would have been none of those recent disturb-
ances and alarms in Utah, which have cost us so
many millions; there would have been none of
those expensive and distracting incursions of the
Indian tribes on our infant settlements in Oregon
and Washington. If there had been a Pacific rail-
road, there would have been a more rapid increase
of the population and strength and wealth and
vigor of the new States upon the Pacific coast—
California and Oregon. The emigrant goes for a
song from the Atlantic States to the borders of civi-
lization beyond the Mississippi. Fifteen, twenty,
or fifty dollars, pays the expense of the emigrant
from Boston unto what we are yet accustomed to
call the Far West, and a sum not greater than
that, pays the expense of the emigrant from Eu-
rope to this country; but the emigrant from the
Atlantic coast, or from any of the internal Atlan-
tic States, or from Europe, lays out a small es-
tate in reaching the settlements on the Pacific,
which it will bo fortunate for him if he is able to
replace by the labor of many years after his ar-
rival there.
If, Mr. President, it be said that there is no need
of the display of the Government in those regions
until society shall have been organized there, and
shall have developed commerce, which will fur-
nish and maintain the desired communications,
then I answer that that is a question which was
foreclosed ten years ago. It was settled and de-
termined when the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo
was executed. The United States then, solemnly
undertook and committed itself to its own peo-
ple, and to the world, to discharge the. respons-
ibility of establishing and maintaining civiliza-
tion and government across the Rocky Mount-
ains, and the snowy mountains, and the deep
ravines, and the sterile plains, which intervene
between their summits. This Government, in
fact, has never been able for a moment to get away
from the sense and conviction and pressure of
that obligation. What arc all our experiences of
treaties with Great Britain and with the Central
American States for the route across the Isthmus
of Panama, for the route across Nicaragua, for
the route through Honduras, to say nothing of
our surveys of a ship canal across the Isthmus of
Darien ? What have all these negotiations meant?
What mean all the conflicts and embarrassments
which attend them, and which are perpetually in-
creasing? What means our controversy about
the filibuster system, about the Monroe doctrine,
about M. Belly's interoceaiiic ship canal' What
are all these together but the betrayal of the con-
viction of the United States of the necessity of
having routes across this continent by which to
maintain order and government within our unor-
ganized territories, and to secure the safety and
prosperity of our new States on the Pacific? -
For one, sir, I believe that society will never be
permanently organized and maintained in peace
in the interior of the continent; I believe that au-
thority will not be inaintained'there successfully;
and I believe even that union will not be perfected
between the East and the West, until we.shall
have completed this bond of connection, this great
instrument of political discipline, if you please so
to call it, which it ought to have been the first
task of the Government of the United States to
provide on the organization of society in Cali-
fornia under our Constitution. So believing, the
question of $50,000,000, or $100,000,000 expense,
or of $10,000,000 a year in maintaining the system,
sinks into insignificance. It is necessary; and since
it is necessary, there is an end of the argument.
It stands, I repeat, upon the same footing as your
postal system; precisely upon the same foundation
as your Navy and your Army; and if you are
to dispense with either, if you are to cut down the
expenses of either, my sober judgment is that re-
trenchment should lay its hands upon the armed
forces and the naval establishment of the United
States, while a liberal and fostering hand should
be extended to the commencement and prosecu-
tion of this great enterprise.
Mr. President, I do not know how long we can
go on floundering in the way we have done for
the last eight years, disputing with the Republic
of New Granada to-day, disputing to-morrow
with the Republic of Nicaragua,unable to repress
incursions of our own citizens upon Central Amer-
ica, in danger perpetually of conflict with France
and England for the want of this great improve-
ment; but I am sure of one thing; that, loyal as
the people of the Pacific coast are, that loyalty
has its limits, and it is founded in reason, and
not in blind partiality or affection. This com-
munity, so distant from us, so separated from us,
growing up by itself in a state of isolation on the
Pacific coast, and as near to-day to the great
communities of western Europe and to Asia,
practically, as it is to us, cannot be retained in
political connection with us by a mere written
bond, a contract in writing; but it must be main-
tained by the exercise of the spirit of the Union,
which is equality—equality between the States;
equality between the communities constituting
the States; that political equality which, making
due allowances for physical barriers that cannot
be surmounted, yields and affords to agriculture,
to mining, to manufactures, and to commerce,
throughout every part of this great empire, equal
facilities and advantages. Every Senator can
answer for himself whether the Pacific coast en-
joys this equality of privileges and advantages
consistently with the obligations of the Govern-
ment so long as it is kept separated and isolated.
Let us not deceive ourselves. There is no des-
tiny that secures, and will, in despite of our own
errors, vices, or crimes, perpetuate this inestima-
ble Union. On the other hand, the fates are
always assiduously engaged in weaving an inevi-
table web for thoughtless and improvident States.
Ambition, Mr. President, is not exclusively a
plant of eastern growth. It springs up and is as
vigorous on the Pacific as upon the Atlantic; and
our Pacific States will, if they are not allowed to
connect themselves directly and intimately with
the eastern States, do just exactly what the older
Atlantic States did. They will colonize the Pa-
cific coast of the continent and set up for them-
selves. It is only a question of time, if there be
no change of policy. They can be no more loyal
to us and entertain no more affection for us than
our forefathers cherished towards the country
from which they emigrated to this continent.
Then, I think, the Pacific railroad involves this
question: whether this capital, endeared to us by
so many attractions and exciting so much hope
and pride and promise, shall, by the improve-
ment of facilities for intercourse, commerce, and
communication between us and the Pacificcoast,
remain the capital of the whole United States of
America; or whether it shall dwarf and sink, and
become the capital of the United States of Atlan-
tic America only; and Mexico, invested as it is
