TiiE CONCESSIONAL
February 23,
The VICE. PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware moves that the Committee on the Ju-
digi ry; t>e discharged from the further ccnsidera-
tipj^of the. joint resolution, and that it be referred
to .the Committee on Commerce. The question
is op that motion.
. Thg motion was agreed, to . ,
PURCHASE OF LIME.POINT.
DAVIS. The Committee op Military Af-
fairs'and the! Militia, who were instructed by'a
resolution of the Senate to inquire irtfo the allega-
tions of fraud in the proposed purchase of a site
for fortifications, at Lime Point, upon the, north
side of the Bay of San Francisco, have instructed
me,,to'report that the committee find nothing to
impeach the.conduct of the agents of the Govern-
ment, and tffat there is,, no evidence to involve
them in any fraud. The committee report the evi-
dence, record and oral, adduced in the.course of
the investigation, and ask to be discharged from
the further'cqnsideration of the subject, and that
the report and testimony be printed.
Sir. BRODERICK. I have a minority report
from the same-committee 
, The y ICE' PRESIDENT. If the Senator from
California will pause a moment, he will be recog-
nized by. the Chair. The Chair will first put the
question on the motion to discharge the commit-
tee and order the report and evidence to be printed.
The motion was agreed tor
. Mr. BRODERICK submitted The views of the
minority of the Committee on. Military Affairs
and the Militia, in relation to the subject; which
■were ordered.to be printed. ?
COURTS IN KANSAS.
' Mr. GREEN. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 598)
concerning courts in Kansas Territory, report it
without amendment. This is a bill to'enable the
territorial authority in Kansas to establish courts
of common pleas—an intermediate court between
the United States court and justices of the peace;
the'expense of which is to he paid by the Ter-
ritory itself. I ask that the bill be put on its pas-
sage at once.
The yiCE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent.
Several Senators. Let the bill be read.
The Secretary read the bill; which provides
that, in addition to the courts authorized by the
twenty-seventh section of "An act to organize
the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska," ap-
proved May 30,1854, the Legislative Assemblyof
theTerritory of.Kansas may establish other courts,
inferior to the supreme court of .the Territory,
With jurisdiction in civil casesonly. These courts
are to have such original, appellate, and concur-
rent civil jurisdiction, under the laws of the Ter-
ritory, as shall be prescribed by the Legislative
Assembly; and the judges are to be chosen in
such manner, and for sucli times, as shall be pre-
scribed by the same authority, the expense of
which is to be paid by the Territory. Appeals
may be taken from all final judgments of these
courts to the supreme court pf the Territory.
Mr. BAYARD. I object to the consideration
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will lie
over.
SETTLERS ON SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. STUART. That being objected to, I de-
sire to call the attention of the Senate to a House
bill, .which has been reported by the Committee
on Public Lands, of an important character, in
respect to the school lands in the States and Ter-
ritories. It is very important that this bill should
pass, for the purpose of preserving these funds as
Congress designed. I move to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 804) to authorize settlers upon six-
teenth and thirty-sixth sections, who settled be-
fore the surveys of the public lands, to preempt
their settlements.
Mr. YULEE. Is it likely that this bill will
lead to discussion ?
Mr. STUART. Not at all. I think there will
be no discussion about it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
It provides that where settlements, with a view
to preemption, have been made before the survey
of the lands m the field, which shall be found to
have been made on sections Sixteen or thirty-six,-
these sections shall be subject to the preemption,
claim of such settlers; and if they, or either of
them, shall, have been, or shall be, reserved or
pledged for the use of schools or colleges in the
,<State or Territory in which the lands lie, other
lands, of like quantity, may betaken in lieu of such
as may be patented by preemptors; and other
lands may.ftlso be taken to compensate deficiencies
for school purposes, whefe sections sixteen or
thirty-six are fractional in quantity, or where one
or both are wanting-by reason of the township
being Pactional, or from any natural cause what-
ever; with a proviso that tl\e lands thus appro-
priated shall be selected and appropriated m ac-
cordance with the principles of adjustment and
the provisions of the act of Congress of May 20,
1826, entitled " An act to appropriate lands for
the support of schools in certain townships and
fractional townships not before provided for."
Mr. GWIN. As this is a House bill, I do not
like to amend it; but it is exceedingly important
to the State of California that the same privileges
should be given to that State—'■—
Mr. STUART. This does give it.
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator wait until I get
through? The large portion of the s.chool lands
of California are within the mineral districts, and,
therefore, excluded from survey; and the whole of
that region, which comprises two thirds of the
population of the State, is deprived of the advant-
ages and benefits of those school sections; be-
cause, by act of Congress, those lands cannot be
surveyed. Now, without jeopardizing this bill—
for I am entirely in favor ofit—I should like to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
if a clausc cannot be inserted, which would not
obstruct its passage through the House, to give
the State of California the same privilege of se-
lecting other lands mlieu ofthe sixteenth and thir-
ty-sixth sections in the mineral regions?
Mr. STUART. So far as that question is con-
cerned, I feel bound to say to the Senator from
California that I think such a provision would
hazard the bill. The provisions of this bill are
alike in all the States and Territories of the Union.
Where preemptors are on.the school sections, and
went there in good faith before the land was sur-
veyed, it provides that they are to hold the lands,
and the State or Territory is to select other lands
in lieu of them; but if you now add to it a pro-
vision which will affect the question suggested
by the Senator, although I should be very glad
to relieve the State of California in any way 1
could, I feel bound to say to him it would have
the effect to prejudice the bill.
Mr. GWIN. Then I shall not move it as an
amendment to this bill; but at an early day I shall
call up the subject. The resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of California are before the
Committee on Public Lands; and if they do not
act on the subject, 1 shall introduce a bill to give
the State of California the privilege of selecting
other sections in lieu of the sixteenth and thirty-
sixth sections in the gold regions.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MICHAEL PAPPREN1ZA.
Mr. MASON. I desire to take up Housejoint
resolution (No. 22) for the relief of Michael Pap-
prenlza. It is one that is very interesting to a
foreign Government, and a foreign minister, al-
though it involves but $200. An appeal has been
ma<Je to me which I cannot well resist, and I ask
that the joint resolution maybe passed. It has
passed the Senate more than once, and has now
passed the House' This is the last chance of
passing it.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senator if it is likely
to lead to any discussion ?
Mr. MASON. If there is any discussion at all
I will give it up. I know there will be none.-
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to-extend the provisions of thejoint
resolution approved March 3, 1853, entitled " A
resolution for the relief of the Spanish consul and
other subjects of Spain residing at Key West by
indemnity for losses occasioned in the year 1851,"
to the case of Michael Pappreniza, an Austrian
subject, who, it is alleged, sustained losses at the
same time, in consequence of his being supposed
to be a Spaniard; but the amount allowed as in-
demnity to him is not to exceed the sum of $200.
Mr. MASON., If any Senator wants an expla-
nation of it, I will give it with great pleasure,
but it has passed the Senate twice. • ["Thatis
enough."]
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-,
ate, ordered to a third reading* read the third
time, and passed.
SARPY COUNTY, NEBRASKA.
Mr. STUART. I desire the indulgence of the
Senate to take up and pass another House bill, on
a similar subject to the one which has just been
passed on my motion. That covered everything
of a preemption character, but- this is to protect
the school fund, under a treaty, and will not oc-
cupy two minutes of the Senate to pass it. I move
to take up the bill (H. R." No. 551') to protect the
land fund for school purposes in Sarpy county,
Nebraska Territory.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
By the treaty between the United States and
the Omaha tribe of Indians, by which, that tribe
ceded their lands in the Territory of Nebraska to
the United States, a reservation was made of a
part, of section thirty-six, in township fourteen
north, range thirteen east, for the Presbyterian
Board of Foreign Missions; and b,y virtue of
a joint resolution of Congress, approved March 3,
1857, a large portion of (he remainder of that sec-
tion has been preempted, leaving but a fraction
for the use of schools. The bill authorizes the
superintendent of the common schools of the
county of Sarpy, in which that land is situated,
to select six hundred and forty acres of any un-
occupied public lands in that county, in subdi-
visions of not less than one quarter section, in
lieu of section thirty-six.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM H. RUSSELL.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I ask
the great indulgence of the Senate to take up a
bill which will not occupy five .minutes. If it
does, I shall consent to lay it down? It is a bill
which has passed the House of Representatives,
appropriating about eight hundred dollars for a
claim which has been adjudicated by the Court
of Claims. The bill was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims of the Senate, at the head of which
is the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iyer-
son,] and that committee has reported in its favor.
It is a bill (H. R. C. C. No. 83) for the relief of
William H. Russell. It is td pay an arrearage
of salary due him, for which he brought suit.
It was adjudged to him by the Court of Claims;
and the House of Representatives, on examina-
tion, have affirmed the judgment, and the com-
mittee of the Senate have affirmed it. He is
detained here simply for the want of this small
sum of money.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to William H.
Russell.of the sum of $839 6G, in full for his sal-
ary as collector of the port of Monterey, in Cal-
ifornia, from the 13th of March to the 23d of June,
1851.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House" of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its .Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
544) to incorporate the Washington National
Monument Society.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 18th instant, the following acts and reso-
lution:
An act for the relief of A. Baudouin and A. D.
Robert;
An act for the belief of Mary Boyle;
An act for the relief of Monroe D. Downs;
An act for the relief of Evelina Porter, widow
of the late Commodore David Porter, of the Uni-
ted States Navy;
An act for the relief of Dinah Minis;
An act for the relief of Wright Pore;
