1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
An act for the relief of Robert A. Davidge;
An act for the relief of Rebecca M. Bowden,
of Prince George county, Virginia;
An act for the relief of the Mobile and Ohio
Railroad Company;
An act for the relief of William Yearwood,
sr.; and
A joint resolution to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to sell a certain plat of land in the
city of Petersburg, Virginia, belonging to the
United States.
MARY BAINBRIDGE.
Mr. MALLORY. There are five minutes left
of the morning hour; and I ask the indulgence of
the Seriate in that time to take up and pass House
bill (No. 221) for the relief of Mary Bainbridge,
which has been reported from the Committee on
Pensions by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Foster.] If it give rise to discussion, I shall
withdraw my request immediately; butit'is a case
of peculiar hardship; and, I presume, will not
occupy a minute. 1 move to take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for placing the name of Mary Bain-
bridge, of Massachusetts, upon the pension list,
at thirty dolltu's per month, commencing on the
1st day of June, 1857, and. to continue during her
natural lifex-
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
POST ROUTE HILL.
Mr. YULEE. The Committee on the Post
Office arftl Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 874) establishing certain post
routes, have instructed me to repoit it back with
the amendments which the committee recom-
mend; and I ask the present consideration of the
bill. n
Mr. HUNTER. It IS only to be considered
until one o'clock, I undei stand.
Mr. YULEE. That is all.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call up the special order at this hour.
Mr. YULEE. This will remain as the unfin-
ished business of the morning hour, I understand.
["No."]
Mr. GWIN. The Senator can call it up after
the appropriation bill is through.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to give notice that on
Friday next, at twelve o'clock, the bill for the
acquisition of Cuba will be taken up for discus-
sion.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed an act to confirm to the heirs or assigns
of Bernardo Segui title to lands in East Florida.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is the bill (H. R. No. 711) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending^the
30th of June, 1860, which is now before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole; and the ques- j
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from j
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] to insert as an
additional section:
And be it further enacted. That tile fint section of the act
entitled ''An act for Ihc admission of the State of Knn«as
into the Union," approved -May 4, l£58,be, and the same is I
hereby, amended by striking out the following woi d^. to wit. i
" Whenever u is as-ocniuned. bv a ccnsus duly and legally
taken; tlidt tlic population of said Temtory equals or ex-
ceeds the ratio of representation required for a member of
the Hou>e or'Repu^entauves in the Congress of the tinned
States-;" winch words ate hereby lepealcd.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood that if, bygen-
eral consent,we struck out the provision in regard
to taking a census in Kansas, this amendment
would be withdrawn.
Mr. SEWARD, and others. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Well, then, let us take the
vote. . , , , .
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say what, being
in the chair yesterdny, 1 had no opportunity then
to say, that while I regret exceedingly that this
subject is now brought to the attention of Con-
gress m any form, yet, having always been against
the restriction, I shall vote to repeal it. I had
intended, when the amendment of the committee
was presented, authorizing the taking of a census,
to object to it, because I thought it would lead to
precisely-this state of'things, and that it could,
in no event, do any public good. I think so yet.
I think that any proceeding to take the census of
Kansas by the Government of the United States,
under existing circumstances, will not eventuate
in any good to the public. But, sir, this question
being presented, and being compelled to vote upon
it, as I said, having always been against the re-
striction, I shall vote to repeal it.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I am quite
surprised to hear any expression of regret from
the honorable Senator from Michigan for the oc-
currence of this question. I agreed with him last
year that the State of Kansas was entitled to ad-
mission into the Union under a constitution of
her own choice. Congress acceded to that de-
mand of the State of Kansas, as far as to allow
her to come into the Union as one of the confed-
erate States, provided she would accept the Le-
compton constitution, without any condition or
reseivation in regaid to the number of lier people.
On the other hand, Congress decided that if she
would not consent to come m under the Lecomp-
ton constitution, then she should remain outside
'of the Union until she should have a population
equal to ninety-three thousand four hundred and
twenty, or the constituency of a member of Con-
gress. The only ground for tins discrimination
which I could ever see, was, that the Lecompton
constitution would make Kansas a slave State,
and that any other constitution which she might
adopt would make her a free State. It was, there-
fore, a discrimination by the Congress of the
United States in favor <ff slavery and against free-
dom, as the fundamental law of the new State of
Kansas. This discrimination was apparently
cloaked under a policy which was then averred
to be'suddenly commended to the favor of Con-
gress, according to which no State, free or slave,
of one politics oranother,should be admitted into
the Union unless it should have a population of
ninety-three thousand four hundred and twenty.
Those who justified that prohibition in regard to
the State of Kansas, claimed that thenceforward
that should be established as the policy of the Uni-
ted States; but that policy has already been aban-
doned m the case of Oregon, which has been ad-
mitted without any reservation or condition in
regard to the amountofherpopulation, and while
it was yet uncertain, and certainly not at all known
to Congress, whether she had population enough
to entitle her to one member of Congress or not,
according to the Federal apportionment; so that
this discrimination against the State of Kansas
has been now embittered, maiked, distinguished,
by admitting a Democratic State, a State Demo- j
cratic in its politics, without regard to popula-
tion, and excluding Kansas and retaining her in
a state of subjugation to the Federal Govern-
ment when her politics was understood to be dif-
ferent." I am glad, therefore, to have the oppor-
tunity to renew to-day the vote which I gave last
year against ail such discriminations.
But 1 must avail myself of this occasion to make
another remark; which is, that I am very glad to
hear so many gentlemen upon the other side of the
House state that tfiis condition is not obligatory
upon Congress, and that they would be prepared,
if not to vote for the admission- of Kansas into
the Union, if she were here with a constitution
of her own choice soliciting admission, yet, at
least, they would be willing to give to her appli-
cation a fair hearing. I am glad to.hearthis, be-
cause it proves what I have always supposed, that
the attempt to bind down the future States of this
Union by green withes, and to confine them to
the choice of such constitutions favoring slavery,
as the Congress of the United States shall pro-
pose, is proving to be inoperative and useless. I
thmk it indicates that the time is coming when
any new State, applying to be admitted into the
Union will have a hearing of herclaims, and they
will be decided upon the merits of the application,
entirely irrespective of all conditions and of all
restrictions and of all stipulations which the Con-
gress of the United States may previously have
insisted upon. I think it is going to show that if
the State of Texas should be divided into four
States hereafter, and they should come here alias
free States, those States will come into the Union
as free States. I think it goes to show that if new
free States shall be established, as 1 trust, they
will be in New Mexico, and, at some future day,
under a better condition of society, in Utah, they
will be received here as free States; and if,-un-
happily, any such States shodkl come as slave
States, the question will then arise whether it is
wise and expedientand justand-right to establish
slave States, and that all these previous restric-
tions are to go for nought.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary wilt
call the roll.
Mr. BROWN. What is the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the amendment*
of the Se"nator from New Hampshire. The Secre-
tary will renfl the amendment again.
Mr. BROWN. I know what jt is.
The Secretary called the roll, and Mr. Allen
answered " nay."
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island has answered to his name, and after
that debate is not in order; but, with the consent
of the Senate, the Chair will recognize the Sena-
tor from Missisippi.
Mr. BROWN. I spoke before the Secretary
commenced to call the roll.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Senator
from Mississippi is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, 1 need hardly
say that I shall record my vote agains-t this
amendment. Ever since I had a matured opin-
ion on the subject of introducing new States into
the Union, I have been clear in my own judg-
ment that no State ought to be admitted without
the requisite population to entitle her to at least
one Representative. I think such is the clear
meaning of the Constitution. The Constitution
requires you to apportion representation among
the States according to population. T-p enable
you to do that,itauthorizes you to take a census,
an enumeration of the population,clearly indicat-
ing that the representation among the States is to
be equal according to their respective population.
I know of no rule which would entitle a-young
S<ate to a Representative upon this floor with less
than,the ratio, which must not hold equally good
in reference to an old State. Nay, sir, the reason
why you should demand it of a new State is
stronger than in the case of an old State, because
a young State coming in is necessarily entitled
to two-Senators. She becomes the equal on this
floor of New York, Virginia, or any other State,
on the instant of her introduction. For, these
reasons, and others which I shall not weary the
Senatp with giving, I have always believed, txnd
still believe, that a State coming into the Union
ought to have the requisite population to entitle
her to one Representative, according to "the then
existing ratio. Now, I think she ought to have
ninety-three thousand four hundred ami twenty,
that being the ratio; but I said, when this ques-
tion was up before, that I should be willing to
admit Kansas or Oregon, or any other free State,
or any other slave State, upon that fraction which
entitles South Carolma to a Representative; but
t'hefraction must be ascertained. You must know
what the population is, and to ascertain it you
are to do precisely what the Constitution author-
izes you to'do—have a census of the people taken.
This question is to have a very important bear-
ing upon the next presidential contest—this pre-
cise question in reference to the manner in which
you are to dispose of the Territory of Kansas.
The Senator from Michigan, j*Mr. Chandler,]
t'ne other day, gave us notice that the Republican
i party was going to carry, the elections of 1860.
| Of that he was very confident. Whether ho is
I to prove a true or a false prophet I shall not un-
i dei take to say; but I content myself with the hope
j that, if his party shall succeed in the presidential
I election, it will succeed for the vindication of pun-
I ciples. I am equally confident with the honora-
ble Senator that the party of which I am a mem-
ber will succeed in the contest of I860; and,-if it
does I want its success to be a success of prin-
ciples, and not of men. However others may
feel I at least, am no spoilsman. I would rather
settle one sound principle in a presidential contest
than secure aM the patronage of all the Presidents
who have ever been elected to or retired from the
office. The spoils of office, to the people whom
I represent, are as sounding brass and tinkling
cymbal. They want principle—they want the
vindication of great national; tfound principles.
