1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
134S
ator thinks the Legislature has the right, by non-
action or unfriendly action, to exclude me, with
ray slaves. You tell me you do not think so. But
what matters it to me what you think, if you will
do nothing to secure me in my rights? If the
Territorial Legislature refuses to acl, will you
act? If it pass unfriendly acts, wilt you pass
friendly? If it pass laws hostile to slavery, will
you annul them, and substitute laws favoring
slavery in their stead ? If you cannot give affirm-
ative answers to these questions, I care not a-but-
ton for the difference between you and the Sen-
ator from Illinois. We have a right of protection
for our slave property in the Territories. The
Constitution, as expounded by the Supreme.
Court, awards it. We demand it; and we mean
to have it.
I have already said that the Constitution, un-
aided by legislation, gives us the right to protec-
tion, but it does not give us the protection itself.
It does not give us the power to punish those who
trespass on our property. It does not give us the
power to vindicate it in any manner, shape, or
form. It gives us rights, but they are naked
rights; and,-until they are supported by legisla-
tion, they amount to nothing but naked rights.
Non-action goes a great way to exclude slave
property from aTerritory—further, perhaps, than
to exclude any other species of property; and yet
it is true that no property can exist without laws
to protect it. The Constitution may give the
right, but the law must give the remedy.
But, sir, I admit, as I have done on former oc-
casions; I admit, as I did in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and, I think, in the Senate, that the
legislative power, wherever it may be lodged,
must necessarily regulate the relations between
master and slave. Now, the precise point.at
which the regulatingpower must stop,is notvery
easily defined. And then we mustalladmit that
the power of taxation must be in the Legislature.
At what point the power shall be exercised so as
to become unconstitutional, would be very diffi-
cult for a court to determine. Then, I say, that
legislating in an unfriendly spirit upon the point
of taxation, and upon the power of regulating the
relations between master and slave, added to non-
action— non-favorable action I mean—slavery
would be as effectually excluded as if they had
said in so many words, "if you bring your slave
here, we will set him free."
I do not want to be misunderstood. If the Le-
gislature may tax, at what point will the taxing
power become unconstitutional? If it may reg-
ulate, when shall it stop ? If it refuses to act, how
will you force it to act ? These thoughts suggest
to my mind a concurrence with the Senator from
Illinois, that aTerntorial Legislature has the pow-
er, not the right, to exclude slavery, and there-
fore my question: when it exercises its power
without the right, what will you do? The Sen-
ator says he will do nothing. Other Senators from
the North—what will you do?
I do not care to elaborate the ideas that crowd
on my mind. I do not care to run off into the
collateral idea of the Government exercising its
powerto regulate commerce, and doing it in such a
way as to break down the whole shipping interest
at the North. You have a clear and distinct right
to regulate commerce. At what point your exer-
cise of that power would become unconstitutional,
it would be a very difficult matter for a court to de-
termine. So it is on the other side. I say that
the Senator from Illinois is right to a certain ex-
tent; but he is wrong when he comes to another
point, and that is, that under the doctrine of non-
intervention, non-action on ihe part of the Terri-
torial Legislature, or unfriendly legislation, may
drive us from the Territories, and we are with-
out a remedy. I understand that to be his posi-
tion, and if so, I dissentfrom it in toto. We have
a remedy. That remedy I have before indicated;
but, as I want to impress it on the minds of my
northern friends, I repeat it. The remedy is, by
an appeal to Congress; by telling you "this crea-
ture of yours denies us our rights, refuses to give
us protection for our property, and we come to
you, the masters and the creators, and ask you
to wipe this thing out of existence or force it to
obey the Constitution of the country."
I understand from the Senator from Illinois,
that when I make that appeal—that appeal which
I and my people will make—he will deny it. I un-
derstand him, and I dissent from him. And now,
sir, I should like to know of other Senators from
the North whether I understand them. Whatwill
be your response, Senators? Will you respond
favorably or unfavorably to the inquiry ? When
we come and demand that you interpose and force
your creature to do us justice, will you stand by
us or will you stand against us ? Will you stand
by the Senator from Illinois, or will you stand by
me. Non-action upon your part will be more ter-
rible to me than non-action on the part of the
Territorial Legislature. What I and my people
shall ask is action; positive, unqualified action.
Ourunderstandingofthe doctrineof non-interven-
tion was, that you were not to intervene against
us, but I never understood that we could have any
compromise or understanding here which could
release Congress from an obligation imposed on it
by the Constitution of the United States. If the
obligation is upon you, and that it is I appeal to
the opinions of your illustrious judges, then how
are you to escape? You may refuse to act, you
may refuse to discharge the obligation; but still
it is upon you, and no agreements not to inter-
vene, I care not by whom they may have been
made or who may have yielded to them, can re-
lease you from them. I want to know where we
all stand, because I can see, and do see, that if
the Territorial Legislature refuses to protect my
property, and I come and complain to you that it
does so refuse, and-you turn a deaf ear to my com-
plaint, then there is no difference between you and
the Senator, who says in advance, in so many
words, that he will not respond favorably to my
complaint. Indeed, I have more respect for a Sena-
torwhosays right out—" I will do nothing,!' than
for one who would delude me and my people with
hopes never to be realized.
Mr. President, I may be asked what I would
do in the event that my appeal for congressional
protection turns out futile? I am prepared to tell
you what I would do; but I am not prepared to
tell you what the South would do. On this point
I do not speak for the South; but I speak for that
portion of the southern people who understand
the question as I understand it. I will tell you
what they and I will do. I will tell you more,
what I will advise my people to do. At the very
instant when you deny to us rights guarantied by
the Constitution, as expounded by the Supreme
Court, and do it by the.mere force of numbers,
my mind will be forced irresistibly to the conclu-
sion that the Constitution is a failure, and the
Union a despotism. If I cannot obtain the rights
guarantied to me and my people under the Con-
stitution, as expounded by the Supreme Court,
then, sir, I am prepared to retire from the con-
cern.
Mr. CLARK. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. 1 have often heard it said by
soutnern gentlemen that they would retire from
the Union, go out of it. I want to inquire of that
gentleman, where is the way, and how he would
go ?
Mr. BROWN. When we make up our minds
to go, we will find the way. We will make it so
plain that, if the Senator and his Abolition friends
want to pursue us, they will be able to follow the
trail. We shall not sneak out of the concern;
but, throwing our banner to the breeze, we will
march out like men, leaving such a trace behind
as that our enemies may pursue us if they have
the courage to do so.
Now, I suppose, Mr. President, I shall be
charged with making extraordinary demands,
and then declaring that, if they were not yielded,
we would dissolve the Union. I mean no such
thing. I simply demand that which belongs to
me and my people under the Constitution, as ex-
pounded, I repeat again and again, by the Su-
preme Court. There is nothing extraordinary in
that. In this connection, I have declared, time
arid time again, that I would yield to similar ap-
peals coming from any other quarter. I then ask
gentlemen if there is anything extraordinary m
the demand ?
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him what his demand is? I wish to hear it.
Mr. BROWN. I wish my friend had listened
to me. I am reluctant to repeat, and cannot do
it even at his solicitation.
Mr. President, I have not said, if we do not get
our constitutional rights, we will dissolve the
Union. I ha^e said, when our constitutional
rights are denied us, we ought to retire from the
Union. True manhood requires it. Why should
we remain in ? Why should we remain one hour
in the Union after the Union denies us rights
guarantied by the Constitution ? What brought
us into it, but to seek and give protection; anaif
you are going to convert the Union into a masked'
battery from behind which to make war on me
and my property, in the name of a]l thegods at
once, why should I not retire from it?- The or-
dinary.furimal instincts, to say nothing of human
reason, would dictate that course. Would not
the veriest wild beast fly from a concern if he
found it making war on him? You tell us con-
stantly that this Union is to be used for the de-
struction of slave property. Your .great leader
and champion on the other side told us at Roches-
ter, this last fall, that we \yere to be all free or all
slave; all Republican, I suppose, or all Cossack;
and yet we are told by gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber, in this debate, that they con-
template no attack on slavery m the States. 1
know that that declaration is not founded in sin-
cerity; I know that you do contemplate attacking
slavery in the States. The Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward,] in his Rochester speech,
foreshadowed the policy of his party. When he
speaks, the whole party speaks. He speaks not
for himself; but he speaks for more than half a
million of followers. When Napoleo„n issued his
orders, it was never necessary to inquire what the
army thought. The army thought and did as
Napoleon thought and told them to do. When
the Senator from New York speaks, he speaks
for the Republican party. Other gentlemen may
dissent if they please. They may say we do not
agree to this. So Napoleon's field marshals may
have«aid, " we think the order is bad, but we
obey it;" and they dared not do otherwise. So
with you. When your great Napoleon points
out the way, you ha^e to follow it; you dare not
disobey. You may grumble and growl and say
you dissent and throw obstacles in the way, ana
get deposed for doing so; but in the end you will
have to fall into the line and march after the ban-
ner of the great Napoleon of your party. I thank
the Senator from New York, not for the senti-
ments of the speech, for those I most heartily and
from the inmost recesses of my soul-despise,-but
I thank him for the manlinessdisplfiyed in making
the speech. He spoke out that which he and his
followers do most honestly feel and think, that
slavery is ultimately, through the agency of the
Federal Government, to be overthrown in all the
southern States. That is the issue we have to
meet if the Union lasts, and 110 honest man ought
to disguise it.
And seeing this, those of us who are for the
hour on watch should ill discharge our duty if
we did not sound the alarm that danger was ap-
proaching. Surrounded by difficulties and dan-
gers of this sort, I do not want to stumble <nto
the presidential contest of 1860 without knowing
where we stand. All this Kansas difficulty could
have been avoided, if there had been just a very
little amountof firmness, and I may say honesty,
at Cincinnati. Now, sir, I took the proposition
there, borrowed from the report of the Senator
from Illinois, that no State ought to be admitted
into the Union with a less population than ninety-
thiee thousand four hundred and twenty. I of-
fered it, and it was rejected; and that meaningless
nonsense put into the platform, which stands
there now, that no State ought to be admitted
without a sufficient population to entitle it to one
Reptesentative. What is a sufficient population ?
It all looks well enough on the face of the paper,
but when you come to analyze it, it is miserable
nonsense. It was not adopted by accident; it
was done by design. My proposition, which
meant something, which was designed to put the
principle of introducing new States on a solid
basis, was rejected, and the convention substi-
tuted a proposition that new States must have a
sufficient population. One man says five thou-
sand is-sufficient; another thinks fifty thousand
sufficient; and I think nothing less than ninety-
three thousand four hundred and twenty suffi-1
cient; and when you come to vote on it, you find
no two men agreeing. If my proposition had
been incorporated into the Democratic platform,
we should have 'Stood together now; Kansas
would never have applied; because she would
