THE CONGRESSIONAL GJLOBIL
February 23,
have been advertised through the dominant party
here, attleast, and- through the President of'our
choice* {hat, until she showed the population, she
could not get into the Union. I do not want any
mote such platforms. I want, in the next presi-
dential election, that we shall know where we
are, what We are, and where we stand. I would
father see" the Democratic party sunk, never to be
resurrected, thafi to see it successful-only that one
portion of it mjght practice a fraud on another.
Jfiwe agree, theri let us stand together like honest
men. If we disagree, then, let us sepafate like
honest men.
Mr. President, very many^other thoughtsttro wd-
on my mind in this connection; but, if I am un-
derstood I have said all that I care'to say.
Mr. WADE. I wish to remind the Senator,
before he takes his seat; that'I believe he has not
answered the question of the Senator/rom Mich-
igan; and as the Senator, I believe, is the Napo-
leon df that side, I wish to understand him also.
I-want to know whether the same doctrine-of
protection does not as well apply to a State as to
Et Territory; and ifitdoes not, why not?
' Mr. BROWN; That was ndt the inquiry of
the Senator from Michigan, clearly, but I will
tell-the Senator why it does not. I utterly, to-
tally, entirely, persistently, and consistently, re-
pudiate the whole doctrine of squatter sovereignty.
By squatter sovereignty I mean territorial sover-
eignty. I utterly deny that there is any sover-
eignty in a Territory.
- Mr. WADE. I-understand the Senator to con-
tend, that, inasmuch as a slave is property in a
Territory, the! owner has a right- to be protected
in the Territory. He says he derives that right
from the Constitution of the United Slates, and
the decision of the Supreme Court under that
Constitution. That I understand to be theeloim.
If so, I ask why it does not apply as well to a
State as to a Territory ? What is there in the
Constitution, if it is the supreme law of the land,
that prevents its operating a State to the same
extent as in a Territory ?
Mr. BROWN. I hold, Mr. President, that
each State is sovereign within its own limits; and
that each for itself can establish or abolish slavery
for itself.
Mr. WADE. Do I understand the Senator that
State sovereignty dominates over the Constitution
of the United States, in any instance, or can do so r
Mr. BROWN. If the Constitution, in terms,
guarantied slavery in the Status; in other woids,
if the States had surrendered to the Federal Gov-
ernment the power to maintain slavery within
their respective limits, then, as a matter of course,
the obligation would have been upon Congress to
do it; but the extent of the guarantee is not that.
The guarantee is, that you shall surrender fugitive
slaves.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to interrupt the
Senator; but I believe the Dred Scott 'decision
makes no distinction between this right in u State
and in a Territory; but if it does, I should like to
know from any lawyer why it doqs ?
Mr. BROWN. I shall not undertake to dis-
cus's that question at large, because it is not in-
volved in the controversy. The Supreme Court
were simply dealing with a Territory; and I speak
of the decision as I find it. No such hypothet-
ical case as that presented by the Senator from
Ohio has arisen, or probably ever will arise; but
if it does, and the Supreme Court think proper to
decide it, they will doubtless give sound reasons
for the decision one way or the other. It is no
business of-mine to foreshadow what will be their
decision on a point never presented, and never
likely to be presented; but, Mr. President, if no-
body else wants to interrogate me, I apologize for
having consumed nearly three quarters of an hour
of the time of the Senate, when I know that every
minute is of vast importance; and I yield the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I believe the call of the roll had been
commenced, and debate cannot proceed without
the unanimous consent of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OEFICER, (Mr. Ivekson
tin the chair.) The present occupant of the chair
was not in the chair at the time the call of the
roll commenced; but he inquired of the Secretary
whether an answerto the call had been recorded,
and he was told no; and that the roll was con-
sidered as not called.
Mr. BROWN. I can explain it. I.wasonthe
floor and had addressed-the Chair; but the Vice
President did not hear me. I spoke again, and
he still did not hear me. If there was a response,
it was out of order. Nobody had a right to an-
swer while 1 was claiming the attention of the
Chair. I rose precisely at the instant the Senator
from New York was taking his scat.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. If the first per-
son who had been called had answered yea or nay,
debate would have been outof order; butthere was
no response to the call, and debate is'in order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If no other northern Demo-
crat desires to be heard on-the points presented
by the Senator-front Mississippi, I'feel it incum-
bent on me to say something in vindication of
my own position, reluctant as I am to occupy
time at this stage of the session in a discussion
of this question. I admire the frankness, candor,
and directness, with which that Senator has ap-
proached this question. No mail can accusehim,
none will suspect him, of a1 desire " to cheat or
to be cheated;" and I hope that I shall be able to
put my opinions on the record in a' manner that
will acquit me of the slightest suspicion of de-
siring to cheat or to be cheated. To a certain
point, that Senator and myself agree. Then there
comes divergence, which grows wider and wider
the further we travel. We agree that, under the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, slaves are property, standing on an equal
footing with all other property; and that, conse-
quently, the owner of a slave has the same right
to emigrate to a Territory, and carry his slave
property with him, as the owner of any ot(ier
species of property has to move there, and carry
his property with him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sena-
tor allow me 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am replying to the Senator
from'Mississippi now, and would prefer, there-
fore, to go on.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to put a question,
to the honorable Senator from Illinois 011 that
point.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire fo deal with this
point now. At another time, the Senator can pre-
sent his point. The right of transit to and from
the Territories is the same for oric species of prop-
erty as it is for all others. Thus far the Senator
from Mississippi and myself agree—that slave
property in the Territories stands on an equal
footing with every other species of property.
Now, the question aiises, to what extent is prop-
erty, slaves included, subject to the local law of
the Territory? Whatever power the Territorial
Legislature has over other species of property,
extends, in my judgment, to the same extent, a,nd
in like manner, to the slave property. The Ter-
ritorial Legislature has the same power to legis-
late in respect to slaves, that it has in regard to
any other property, to the same extent, and no
further.- If the Senator wishes to know what
power it lias over slaves in the Territories, I an-
swer, let him tell me what power it has to legis-
late over every other species of property, either
by encouragement or by taxation, orin any other
mode, and he has my answer in regard to slave
property.
But the Senator says that there is something
peculiar in slave property, requiring further pro-
tection than other species of property. If so, it
is the misfortune of those who own that species
of property. _ He tells us that, if the Territorial
Legislature fails to pass a slave code for the Ter-
ritories, fails to pass police regulations to protect
slave property, the absence of such legislation
practically excludes slave property as effectually
as a constitutional prohibition would exclude it. I
agree to that proposition. He says, furthermore,
that it is competent for the Territorial Legislature,
by the exercise of the taxing power, and other
functions within the limits of the Constitution,
to adopt unfriendly legislation which practically
drives slavery out of the Territory. I agree to
that proposition. That is just what I said, and
all I said, and just what I meant bymy Freeport
speech in Illinois, upon which there has been so
much comment throughout the country.
But the Senator says that while non-action by
the Territorial Legislature excludes slavery; and,
while the Territorial Legislature may, within the
limits of the Federal Constitution, adopt such a
system of unfriendly legislation as in effect to'ex-
clude slavery from its limits, yet it is wrong for
the Legislature to pursue that policy; and, because
the Territorial Legislature ought not to adopt that
line of polioy, he will not be content with such
legislation, but will-appeal to Congress, and de-
mand a congressional code of laws protecting
slavery in the Territories, in opposition to the
wishes of the people. Well, sir, his conclusion
is a logieal one', unless my position is right. All
men must agree that non-action by the Territorial
Legislature is practical exclusion. If tire people
of a Territory want slavery, they will protect it
by a slave code. If they do not want slavery; if
they believe it is not necessary; if they are of opin-
ion that their interests do-not require it, or will
be prejudiced by it, they will not furnish the ne-
cessary remedies and police regulations, usually
called.a slave code, for its protection.
The Senator from Mississippi says they ought
to pass such a code; but he admits that it is imma-
terial to inquire whether- they ought or ought not
to do it; for if they do not want it, they will not
enact it; and if they do not do it, there is no mode
by which you can compel them to do it. He ad-
mits there is no compulsory means by which you
can coerce'the Territorial Legislature to pass
such a law; and for that reason he insists that, in
case of non-action by the Territorial Legislature,
it is the right and duty of southern Senators and
Representatives to demand affirmative action by
Congress in the enactment of a slave code for the
Territories. He says that is not necessary to put
the question to me, whether I would vote for a
congressional slave code. He desires to know of
all other northern Democrats what they will do;
he does not wish an answer from me. •! am much
obliged to him for taking it for granted, from my
past record, that I never would vote for a slave
code in the Territories by Congress; and I have
yet to learn that there is a man in a free State of
this Union, of any party, who would.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator be kind enough
to explain what he means by a slave code?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir. The Senator from '
Mississippi defined it very well in his speech. His
position was, that while the Constitution gave him
the right of protection in a Territory for his slave
property, it did not, of itself, furnish adequate
protection. He drew a distinction between the
right and the fact, and said that the protection
could only be furnished by legislation; that legisla-
tion could only come from one of two sources—the
Territorial Legislature or the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. He would look to the Territorial Le-
gislature in the first instance. If he got adequate
legislation there, he was content; but if the Ter-
ritorial Legislature failed to act, and give him that
adequate legislation, in the form of what is com-
monly called a slave code, such non-action was
equivalent to a denial of his rights; and, losing his
rights, it was no consolation to him that he had
been deprived of them by the non-action of a Ter-
ritorial Legislature; and hence he would demand
of Congress the passage of laws to protect his
slaves, and to punish men for running them off;
to furnish such remedies for the violation of his
rights as he thought he was entitled to from the
Territorial Legislature. He said he would demand
this from Congress.
Mr. BROWN. Because the Territorial Legis-
lature was the creature of Congress.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He further said that he
would base his demand on Congress to pass this
slave code on the ground that the Territorial Le-
gislature was the creature of Congress; and, if it
did not do its duty, Congress should pgss such
laws as were necessary to protect slave property
in the Territories.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a single question?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. If a law merely providing pro-
tection is to be called a slave code, then, I ask, if
larceny, in general terms, were punished by the
territorial law, and the Legislature should ex-
cept the larceny of slaves, woujd he say he would
submit to that at the option of the Legislature ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is immaterial to me,
whether you call this legislation a slave code,
or by any other name. I will call it by any name
the Senator chooses. I.wish to be understood,
j however, and to use such language as conveys
] the idea. I take the language of the Senator from
I Mississippi,.if-that is satisfactory. AH I have to
