1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
offer, is this: It places the soldiens of the war-of
1312, and the soldiers of the Inifian vara, up to
1815, upon the precise footing the soldiers of the
continental line are under the existing law. This,
it seems to me, is all that ought now to be granted.
I think that the same honorand the same reward
oughtto be given to the soldiers of tile war of 1819, '
that was given to the soldiers of the war of the ,
Revolution. j
It may be that the service in Delaware and Penn-
sylvania in the war of 1812 were such as the gen-
tleman from Delaware has stated,but in Ohio, and !
everywhere upon the frontier, that service was 'j
no child's j)lay. For twenty years before the close
of the war the people upon the frontiers were en-
gaged in an almost constant Indian war, during I
which nearly every able-bodied man was at some-
time engaged in the service. 1 repeat, sir, that it
was no child's play, and that the soldiers who
enlisted m thesei vice of the State or of the country
during that period, for the protection of their fam-
ilies and of their homes, ought to be rewarded.
It is my purpose by this amendment not only to
give the survivors of these wars a small amount :
of money by way of pension, but to give them a
higher reward—the reward of honor. I know of
no honor more befitting that ought more to gratify
the pride of an old soldier than to place them
upon the same footing with the continental line;
upon the same footing with those who fought at
Valley Forge, and Yorktown, and in all the bat-
tles of the Revolution.
The same objection as to cost does not apply
to this amendment that has been so forcibly urged
against the original bill. After a careful compu-
tation, I am satisfied that if tins amendment
be adopted, the entire cost would not exceeed
$1,500,000. It will be perceived that the pension
only commences from the date of the application,
and very many will not apply for it. Such a pen-
sion law as this would be approved by the country,
and would not overburden (he Treasury. 1 be-
lieve that we could not expend that amount of
money better than by giving it, to tue survivors
of the soldiers of the war of ]81 S3. In compan-
son with the multitude of projects to deplete tne
Treasury constantly pressed upon us, I am very
willing to extend to the survivors of this war the
same honor and toward which a grateful country
has extended to revolutionary patriots. But to
put them on a larger pension would,in my judg-
ment, be a dangerous precedent.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to inquire whether the
substitute proposed by me for the bill is now
pending'
The "CHAIRMAN. The Chair know of
none.
Mr. FENTON. I offered a substitute imme-
diately after the remarks of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Savage.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chan-understood the ;
gentleman to give notice that he wouid offer his
substitute at the proper time.
ill-. FENTON. 1 thought it was considered ;
as pending.
The CHAIRMAN. It won't! have been con- ■
siuered before the committee if it had been sent to
the Clerk's table; but that was not done.
Mr. GIDDSNGS. Inasmuch as my colleague 1
[Mr. Sherman] has argued his amendment, if it
is in on']or I would like to answer him, as mere
may be no other time, and I will show the incon-
sistency of Ins positions. I will say to my col-
ieairue "that there were two regiments of one thou-
* sand men each, under General Cass and another
.geurra', who volunteered for twelve months,and
who were put upon the regular service, 'ihey
went to Detroit,and, without tiring a gun. eveiy
one of thrui sunvndeivd as prisoneis of war and
w -nt hour* to work. Now, under my colleague's
proposition, those men will draw a full pension:
while the men who fought the enemyand served
in the field for thiee months will receive no pen-
sion. It m m:|i!s!. i
Mr. Sl-J ER-UAN, of Ohio. With tne consent
of my colleague, I will answer hun.
Mr. UiniHMhS. Certainly.
Mr. SH ClIMAiS, of Ohio. There were many
jiiniihir (vsvs in the if vu'iUtioikiry u m •
.Mr. Bt'OXF-TI'. i rise to a question of onJ.'i,
end 1 must insist on the enioieeraout ot i-tie? ruh .
1 understand lli.il the amendment w aicii tne gen-
tli n.an proposes to offer does not new come up
for action. He has already spoken upon it, and
his colleague has replied; and the gentleman is
not in order in making any further remarks.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman from Ohfc [Mr.
Giddings] made a speech and yielded to his col-
league [Mr. Sherman] a portion of his time to
make an explanation.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want my colleague to an-
swer me.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. My colleague
yielded to tne for explanation in his time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is aware that the Chair, by what he supposed the
indulgence of the committee, allowed his colleague
[Mr. Giddings] to reply; but, objection being
now made, 110 further discussion is in order.
[The committee here informally rose, and re-
ceived a message from the President of the United
States, by J. B, Henry, his Private Secretary,
notifying the House tliat he did this day approve
and sign bills of the following titles:
An act to continue the office of register of the
land office at Vinceuncs, Indiana;
An act recognizing the assignment of land war-
rant No. 3o,95G, issued to John Davis, as valid;
and
An act for the relief of John Campbell.]
Mr. GARTRELL, I had hoped that an op-
portunity would have been offered me to present,
at some length, my views upon a proper andju-
i dicious bill granting pensions to the soldiers of
! the war of 1S12. The passage of such a bill by
1 this Congress would, in my judgment, be emi-
' neutly just and proper. To attempt now, how-
ever, even the outlines of an argument in a five
! minutes' speech, would be idle. The amendment
| proposed by myself, and now before the Hons.
the liberties of our country; and now we have be-
come aged, decrepit, and infirm, we' pray you
provide for us in this our hour of infirmity. ".And
why will you refuse? and what are t'te arguments?
I insist, with all courtesy to the gentlemen "who
advanced them, that they are no arguments at all.
The distinguished gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Davis] tells you that he is opposed to all gratu-
ities and subsidies, and that he believes they are-
wrong in principle; and yet he fails to give a sin-
gle reason to sustain that judgment. My friend
from Alabama [Mr. Curry] maintains that the
passage of this bill will violate the Constitution
and bankrupt the Treasury. Did I believe either
the one proposition or the other, I should feel it
to be my duty to vote against it. The gentleman
from South Carolina tells you that ail pension
laws are immoral in their effect; and yet these
gentlemen, with their acknowledged ability and
ingenuity, fail to present a single illustration to
sustain the positions upon which they rely.
Mr. Chairman, in behalf of the gallant old sol-
diers of the country, I protest against any such
pretenses. I take issue with my friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Keitt.] You have had a pension
system almost from the beginning of this Govern-
ment; and where is it proved that it has been de-
moralizing? I deny that it is, and maintain the
reverse of the proposition to be true. Our past
history refutes the assertion. Give these old men
their due; giye them fifty, sixty, or ninety-six
dollars a year; gratify them thus, and when they
come to pass aw ay from the stage of action they
will g-o down to theirgraves with grateful hearts,
and their last act, peihaps, will be to call upon an
all-wise Providence to bless a great and prosper-
ed consideration, waia to bo so acceptable, and ,;i ous and grateful country. My friend says "that
1 so generally understood, that! deem extended re- ;
1 marks upon it \\ holly unnccc ssary. A word, how- :
I ever, by* wjy of explanation, may suffice. It will
! be observed that by the original bill, as reported i
; by my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Savage,] it !
i is proposed to sive to the o'Hcers and soldiers of
the war of 161'J pay according to their rank in
, the line, but m no case to exceed the pay of a j
! captain of infantry. By the operation of the bill |
I asit now is, I understand that a largo number of 1
officers will receive $48d per annum, and some— 1
i a iai-o-e number—receive less than that amount, ;
i but over ninetv-six dolhrs. I propose—and I j
! think the principle of it is a good one, though I j
j will not stop to argue it—in granting this honor- F
■ ary compensation,"if you please to call it such, to ,
the gallant officers who fought the battles of the ■
j country in ]6I2, to put them and the common
' solditus upon an equal fooling. I see no leason
lor any discrimination. 1 think the principle is
j a just cne;and tlius much will suffice in reference
totny anfcndieent.
It has been truly said, Mr. Chairman, that this
is an important question. Appealing-, as it does, to ;
our heads and to our hearts, and to our enlightened !
consciousness of dutyand patriotism,Ihadhoped !
I the House would have approached its considera-
: tion with deliberation and calmness. To deny
l this small pittance to those gallant old men who
fought so bravely in our second war of ludepend-
| ence, as it has been termed, would, in my judg-
i mcnt, amount to a herdslup. I was .'.uvpi isod to
| hear gentlemen consols themselves with the argu-
1 mont that (he country was invaded, and thp.titwas
j the duty of these old soldiers to fighu ^"Ves^nr, it jj
I w ' ' " '
d
; to allude to their gallantry
perhaps they need no encomiums at my hands,
j History has"recorded their heroism, anil grateful
I countrymen will yetrev. -O'd their toils. Tiiey are
fast passing away; worn down with a^e and ex-
hausted by disease, soon the last one ot them will
I have c one down to the grave, and sleep beneath the
j cold clodsofthe valley. I can well remember, Mr.
j Chairman, the impression made upon niymind,
I when, quite a youth, 1 met for the first time an
! old soldier of the Revolution. The)", sir, have
p been pensioned by the Government, and have
1 nearly all disappeared. In a few years, the sol-
diers of the war of 181'2 will stand in the same
position, and your sons and dautrhteis of the ns-
i:i" ji ii.-uition will mark them ana point to them.
,oid :-ay. " there goes a soldier who served gah
: hint!}' ill the war of 1812." These old men come
i, to us now. and say, " we have exhausted our
i< sirtii"-th; oar youth was waited m the defense, of
it is their business to do that anyhow." I doubt
very much whether he makes any appeal to that
Providence himself. [Laughter.] If he does, I
fear very much his supplications might not bo
heeded. But this is outside of the question. I
desire to present some considerations upon the
score of economy; and as was remarked by the
gentleman from Tennessee, if you want to_ insti-
tute a system of economy, commence it here in this
Hall; here you may profitably apply the knife.
I will go for retrenchment and reform in all the
departments of Government, as far as he who
goes furthest. It is our duty to begin the work
to-day. Begin it in good earnest; institute a sys-
tem of rigid economy, retrenchment and reform,
and bring this Government within legitimate ex-
penditures. Do that, and you will have saved the
Treasury, and have money enough to relieve the
old and needy soldier, to smooth his pathway
down to the tomb.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MIELSON. Mr. Chairman, I do not deny
the merits and services of the soldiers of the war
of 1812, so eloquently described by my friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Gartkeli..] No one has denied
them; and I protest against the idea that a reluct-
ance to vote for the pending measure implies a
willingness to deny the services of those who
fought the battles of the country in any of our
wars. The country has not been unmindful of
their services. The country has not been ungrate-
ful. Sir, no Government, however overflowing
with riches, has been so munificent in its bounties
to its soldiers as has been the Government of the
United States. We learn from the report lately
submitted to Congress that more than one hun-
„as their duty to fight; and right nobly did they I; submitted to Congress - -
nschai-ge that duty! I would that I had the time |j dred and sixty million dollars has been paid m
o allude to their gallantry and daring; but, sir, ;i military pensions and bounties to the soldiers en-
- a°-ed in our wars. The survivors of these wais
tiiay well feel a natural and just pride in the recol-
lection of their services, and the country will al-
ways acknowledge them. _
But, sir, docs this justify the burdening of the
country with the vast expense to be entailed by
tlio passage of this bill? Those who are not fa-
miliar with the history of legislation throughout
the world would feel some surprise that, at a time
when the finances of the country are disordered;
when the revenue is not sufficient even for the eco-
nomical administration of affairs; when we are re-
minded by the President and the Secretary; of the
Treasury of an urgent necessity for providing ad-
ditional means to meet the current expenditures
of the Government, any one should seriously and
even earnestly urge the passage of a measure like
that now under consideration. Those who have
a more intimate acquaintance with the hiconsist-
