1859.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
say, on the point presented by the Senator from
Missouri, is this: while our Constitution does not
provide remedies for stealing negroes, it does not
provide remedies for stealing dry-goods, or horses,
or any other species of property. You cannot
protect any property in the Territories, without
laws furnishing remedies for its violation, and pen-
alties for its abuse. Nobody pretends that you
are going to pass laws of Congress making a crim-
inal code for the Territories, with reference to other
species of property. The Congress of the United
States never yet passed an act creating a criminal
code for any organized Territory. It simply or-
ganizes the Territory, and leaves its Legislature
to make its own criminal code. Congress never
passed a law to protect any species of property
m the organized Territories; it leaves its protec-
tion to the Territorial Legislatures. The ques-
tion is, whether we shall make an exception as
to slavery? The Supreme Court makes no such
distinction. It recognizes slaves as property.
When they are taken to a Territory, they are on
an equal footing with other property, and depend-
ent upon the same system of legislation, for pro-
tection, as other property. While all other prop-
erty is dependent on the territorial legislation for
protection, 1 hold that slave property must look
to the same authority for its protection.
Mr. GrREEN. The Senator will permit me to
say that I think he does not understand the point
I presented, and I therefore desire to present it
more explicitly. The Supreme Courthaving de-
cided that slaves constitute property, if a Terri-
tory, authorized by Congress to legislate for itself,
should pass a law punishing larceny of all prop-
erty except slaves, would that make slaves equal
to other property in the Territory ?• or would it
not be a violation of the Constitution?
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator cannot under-
stand my answer to that question by what I have
said, and the tram of my aigument, it is useless
for me to discuss it further. 1 say that I leave all
kinds of property, slaves included, to the local
law for protection; and that I will not exert the
power of Congress to interfere with that local law
with reference to slave property, or any other
kind of property. If the people think that partic-
ular laws on the subject of property are beneficial
to their interests, they will enact them. If they
do not think such laws are wise, they will refrain
from enacting them. They will protect slaves
there, provided they want slavery; and they will
want slavery, if the climate be such that the white
man cannot cultivate the soil, so as to render ne-
gro compulsory labor necessary. Hence, it be-
comes a question of climate, of production, of self-
interest, and not a question of legislation, whether
slavery shall, or shall not exist there.
But the Senator from Mississippi says he has
a right to protection. The owner of eveiy other
species of property may say he has a right to pro-
tection. The man dealing in liquors may think
that, inasmuch as Ins stock of liquors is property,
he has a right to protection. The man dealing in
an inferior breed of cattle, may think he has a
right to protection; but the people of the Terri-
tory may think it is their interest to improve the
breed of stock by discrimination against inferior
breeds; and hence they may fix a higher rate of
taxation on the one than on the other.
Mr; BROWN. The Senator from Illinois now
makes a point which enables me to illustrate what
I mean. I hold that the Territorial Legislatuie
of Kansas—that being the Territory immediately
involved m this discussion—has no right to enact
the Maine liquor law. That is an act of sover-
eignty. It has the right to say that liquors carried
into the Territory shall be so used as that they
shall not corrupt the public morals nor endanger
the public safety; but the power of prohibition
does not belong to a Territorial Legislature. So
I say in reference to slave property. • As I said
in my opening remarks this morning, while I de-
mand justice, I will do justice. I hold that a Ter-
ritorial Legislature has the right to regulate the
relation between master and slave in such a man-
ner that the master shall not permit the slave to
endanger the public safety or corrupt the public
morals. That is what I mean by the power to
regulate; and not seeing the point at which a court
could intervene and arrest this power if it were
abused, I said it never would, or rarely ever, pre-
sent a case which we could get before the court
and upen which we could demand its judgment.
By this I understood the Senator from Illinois to
mean unfriendly legislation; that in the exercise
of its power to regulate the relation between
master and Slave, it could act with such sever-
ity as effectually to exclude slavery as though it
were a constitutional inhibition. That is what
I meant.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing to test this
question by the illustration the Senator presents
of a Maine liquor lav/. I shall not stop to in-
quire whether the Maine liquor law is constitu-
tional or not; first, because Congress is not the
tribunal to decide it; and secondly, because, by
the platform to which the Senator from Missis-
sippi and myself both stand pledged as the rule
for our political action, it is provided that that
question shall be sent to the court to test the con-
stitutionality of the law, and we shall not come
to Congtess to lepeal the law. When the Ne-
braska bill was first pending in the Senate, it con-
tained the old clause that the territorial laws should
be sent here, and, if disapproved by Congress,
should be void. The discussion proceeded on
the basis that we were conferring the whole power
of legislation on the Territory, subject only to
the Constitution of the United States, with the
right in the Territorial Legislature " to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way;" and that if any man was aggrieved by
such legislation, he should have a right to appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States to test
its validity, but should not come to Congress to
repeal the obnoxious law. When that argument
was made, a distinguished Senator fromOhio, not
now here, (Mr. Chase,) asked us why we kept
that clause in the bill requiring the laws of the
Territory to be sent here for approval or disap-
proval ? We could not answer the inquiry, and
hence we struck out the provision requiring the
territorial laws to be sent here for approval or
disapproval, upon the avowed ground at the time
that the Territorial Legislature might pass just
.such laws as they wanted, with the right of appeal
by any one aggrieved to the Supreme Court to test
their constitutionality, but not to Congress to an-
nul them. I undertake to say that this was the dis-
tinct understanding among the northern and south-
ern Democrats at that time, and among all the
friends oftheKansas-Nebraska bill. It was agreed
that while we might differ as to the extent of the
power of the Territorial Legislature on these ques-
tions, we would make a full grant of legislative au-
thority to the Legislature of the Territory, with
the right to pass such laws as they chose, and the
right of anybody to appeal to the court to decide
upon the validity and constitutionality of such
laws, but not to come to Congress for their annul-
ment. Hence, if theTerntonal Legislature should
pass the Maine liquor law, and anybody was dis-
satisfied with the provisions of that act, and
thought it violated his constitutional right, he
could not come to Congress for its annulment, but
could appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States; and if that court decided the law to be con-
stitutional, it must stand, no matter how obnoxious
it might be to any portion of the American people.
If it was unconstitutional, it became void without
any interference by Congress, or any other legis-
lative body. Tne Kansas-Nebraska bill was thus
amended for the avowed purpose, at the time, of
striking out the appeal to Congress, and substi-
tuting the appeal to the court.
After we had gone that far, a Senator from New
Hampshire pointed out in the Nebraska bill the
fact that no appeal could be taken to the Supreme
Court of the United States unless the amount of
property m controversy was $.9,000 in value, and
hence that a negro could not appeal for his free-
dom, nor could the owner of a single slave appeal
to the Supreme Court to establish his title, if he
thought that his rights were violated, in oider
to obviate that objection, we amended the bill by
providing that wh^re the title to property in slaves,
or any question of personal freedom was the point
m issue, the right of appeal to the Supreme Court
should exist without reference to the amount in
controversy..
Thus the Kansas-Nebraska bill stood, granting
allrighful power of legislation on all subjecrs what-
soever to the Territorial Legislature, subject only
to the Constitution of the United States, provided
they should not pass any law taxing the property :
of non-residents higher than that of residents, nor I
any law interfering with the primary disposition I
of the soil, nor impose any tax on the property of
the United States;, but there was no exception
made as to slavery. The intent was to confer on
the Territorial Legislature all the power we had
©n the subject of slavery, to let them wi6ld it for
or against free institutions, as the people of the
Territory c"hose; and the understanding was, that
we would abide by whatever laws they might
make, provided they did not violate the Consti-
tution of the United States; and the Supreme
Court was the only tribunal that could decide that
question.
Now, sir, I stand on the Kansas-Nebraska bill
as it was expounded and understood at the time,
with this full power m the Territorial Legisla-
ture, with the right of appeal to the Supreme
Court to test the validity of its laws, and no right
whatever to appeal to Congress to repeal them in
the event o&our not liking them/ I am ready to
answer the inquiry of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, whether, if £ believed the Maine liquor law
to be unconstitutional and wrong, and if a Ter-
ritorial Legislature should pasg it, I would vote
here to annul it? I tell him no. If the people of
Kansas want a Maine liquor law, let them have
it. If they do not want it, let them refuse'to pass
it. If they do pass it, and any citizen thinks that
law violates the Constitution, let him make a case
and appeal to the Supreme Court. If the court
sustains his objection, the law is void. If it over-
rules the objection, the decision must stand until
the people, who alone are to be affected by it, who
alone have an interest in it, may choose to repeal
it. So I say with reference to slavery? Let the
Territorial Legislature pass just such laws in re-
gard to slavery as they think they have a right to
enact under the Constitution of the United States.
If I do not like those laws, I will not vote to re-
peal them; if you do not like them, you must not
vote to repeal them; but anybody aggrieved may
appeal to the Supreme Court, and if they are con-
stitutional, they must stand; if they are .uncon-
stitutional, they are void. That was the doctrine
of non-intervention, as it was understood at the
time the Kansas-Nebraska bill was passed. That
is the way it was explained and argued in the
Senate and in the House of Representatives and
before the country. It was distinctly understood
that Congress was never to intervene for or against
slavery, or for or against any other institution in
the Territories; but leave the courts to decide all
constitutional questions as they might arise,and
the President to carry the decrees of the court
into effect; and, in case of resistance to his author-
ity in executing the judicial process, let him use,
if necessary, the whole military force of the coun-
try, as provided by existing laws. ^
I know that some gentlemen do not like the
doctrine of non-intervention as well as they once
did. It is now becoming fashionable to talk
sneeringly of " your doctrine of non-interven-
tion." Sir, that doctrine has been a fundamental
article in the Democratic creed for years. It has
been repeated over and over again in every na-
tional Democratic platform—non-intervention by
Congress with slavery in the States and Territo-
ries. The Nebraska bill was predicated on that
idea—the Territoiial Legislature to have juris-
diction over all rightful subjects of legislation,
not excepting slavery, with no appeal to Con-
gress, but a right to appeal to the courts: and the
legislation to be void, if the Supreme Court said
it was unconstitutional, and valid, no matter how
obnoxious, if the court said it was constitutional.
Let me call attention to the language of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, its fourteenth section pro-
vides:
" That the Coii«tuution and all laws of the United States,
whi^h aie not local]} inapplicable, s-jiaJj have the same force
and etlVet in the said Tfiritor\ of Nebia&ka, as elsewhere
within t!i« Umt«d States, except the eighth i-ecnon of the
act 4 prepaiatorv to the admission of Missoun into the
Union,' approved March (5, 1820, vhich.bet;i- inconsist-
ent with tire principle 01" nos-intfrv fnt ion by CON-
GRESS with ^i.avery in (he States and Territories, as
recognized by the legislation of 1850, commonly called the
compromise measures, is hekeby di:ci,ari.p inophrvtive
and von*; it being the true intent find meaning of this act
not to legislate slavery into any SUte or Ttrritory, nor to
exclude it thcrefiom.'but to leave the people thereof per-
fectly t Kfcb to' form AND RCCUI.atf TIlk'lR domestic IN-
STITt'TfONS IN THEIR OWN' WAY, SUBJECT ONLY TO THE
C'OXSTITOnON OF THE I'.NITLD STATES."
Thus, in the Nebraska bill, it is declared that a
congressional enactment on the subject of slavery
was inconsistent with the principle of non-inter-
vention by Congress with slavery in the States
