168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BURNETT.- If we vote now we shall not
have it to do in the morning.
Mr. SCOTT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Miles.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am in favor of
a pension bill properly adjusted, but I am deci-
dedly opposed to this bill! I desire also to say
that it was my intention to have presented my
views upon the subject, but for some reason, best
lcnown to those who preside overthe deliberations
of this body, I have never been allowed the op-
portunity.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the substitute proposed by Mr. Savage.
Mr. AVALBRIDGE. We have been discuss-
ing this pension bill for the last ten days, until
every member of this House understands the ori-
ginal bill; but, at this moment, anew bill is sprung
upon us. With a view of having a full House
when we come to vote upon it, I move that there
be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded-; and the motion, therefore, is not
in order.
Mr. AVALBRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn until Thursday next;
and upon that motion I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question again recurred upon the adoption
of the substitute proposed by Mr. Savage.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent to offer an amendment to the second section
of the substitute.
Several Members objected.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS —Mi'jihrs. Abbott, Arli.im, Ahl, Aiwlonon, An-
ehew.s Arnold, Atkins, Aveiy, Hewlett, J
Imm, Hit-hop, DIxS:,, Howie, Bravton, Bmlinlon, P.itt line-one,
Burnett, But ns, C.u inhere, Case.ChaU'ee, Ezia Clark, John
15. Clink, Ciiiw>on, ("iav, Cobb, Clark II. Cochrane, Cock-
eiill, Colfax, Comius, Ctmnlo, Cox, James Ciui;;, < 'uiu-s
Davi*? of Indiana, Ihivn ot Ma^aehiwetts, Dawe<, De:ui,
Devvait, Dick, Dodil, Dml'oe, Elliot!, Farnsworth, 1'Vnlon,
Florence, Foley. i-'ostet, Gaiuell, Cnhhnys, Gilmer, Cood-
wm, Gnirijrtn, Crej<<*, Lawtenee VVr. Hall, lla-km,
Hatch, Hawkm-*, lloaul, Hopkins, llou-ton, flti<;be<, lluy-
ler, Jevvett, Keun, Kclloirir, Kilyore, Joim C. Ktmkel, Law-
rence, Lruiy, Iltimplney Mai-hall, Samuel ti. Mai>ha!l,
Aiu^oiij Mayirmi, Mori ill, ICdwaid Joy Mmn-i, Kaae M
Morns, Muirav, iViblaek. Palmei, Paikm, Pendleton, Pet-
tit, Peyton, Tike, Potlle, Pui vianeo, Ready, Reagan, Reilly,
llir.nul, U<ibbm>, Pobeil*, llovc, Ku-.m 11, Savn« o, John
SluMinan, Shtutet, Uobeit Kunlh, Samuel A. Simih, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Sievcn&on, William Sie\v<irr, Talbot, Tappaii,
Thayei, Tompkins, Tuppe, Underwood. Vallandii'liatu,
Vaneo, Wahlum, Ward, Knit.'! Wa-hbui n. Wat km--, While,
"Woodson, Jobn V. Wiisjh!, and Zolhcofl.n— WJ.
NAYS — Me^rs?. BatkMlale, Boeuek, Honham. Bt.ineh,
C iski'J, Chapman, Iloiaee j.-\ Claik, Button Ci.ujje, Ciuij,
I) iviv o! Mi^i-isippi, D.ivts o! Iowa. l)nudi,ll, Kdmund-on,
Gdinan, (ioode, Cieemvood, Gioe^beek, Giow, Kobei r B.
ilall, ll.irlait, J ft 1J3 lloiton, Ilowaid, Jack-on, Jonkiti-,,
George W. J.mm1.-:, Owen Jone--, Knapp, Lnm.n, Leiiei,
Letcher, Lovejov, jMa<-Iav, Mefiueru, Alillei, Million,
Moore, Morgan, Fteeniasi II Moi>e, Mou. Ni-'bol-;, John
S. Phelps William W. Pheij-, Phillip-. l iu hi'1, S.imlidse,
Scale-, Sow.iuL Demy M. Shaw, JiuUnn W. Sheiman,
Sniylelon, William Smith,Stallwoith, .MitoVPa) lot, Wade,
Walbud^e, Ca-lwalatler C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Wash-
hurne, Wlnteley, Winslow, and Woitendyke—01.
So the .substitute was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that his col-
league, Mr. Corning, had paired off with Mr.
Mr.PURVIANCF, stated that Mr. Blur had
paiied off with Mr. Houston.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that he had
paired off with Air. Crawford, otherwise he
should have voted in the affiimaUve.
Air. OAVANAUGHt stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Garnktt.
Mr. WALTON stated that he had paired off
with Air. Boyce.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. SAVAGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the substitute was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the ta-
ble; which latter motion was agreed to.
Air. WH1TELEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
RESIGNATION OF MR. IvELLY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from Hon.
J ohnKellv, resigning his seat in the Thirty-Fifth
Congress, as a Representative of the fourth con-
gressional district of the State of New York, to
take effect on and after the 25th instant; and stat-
ing that ho had so notified the Governor of the
State of New York, and that a new election had
been ordered^) fill the vacancy.
BILL RETURNED TO THE SENATE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House, by
unanimous consent, the message of the Senate,
asking the return to that body of House bill No.
365, granting a pension to Jeremiah Wright.
No objection being made, it was
Ordered, Tliat the said bill be leturncd to the Senate.
NAVY CONTINGENT FUND.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a detailed
statement of the disbursements out of the contin-
gent fund of the Navy Department for the year
ending the 30th June, 1858; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
The question then recurred on the motion that
the House adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WHITELEY then withdrew the motion.
Air. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to; ayes 68, noes 85.
OLD SOLDIERS' PENSION BILL—AGAIN.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a thud time.
Mr. SAVAGE demanded the previous question
upon the pi ssa«:c of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask to have the engrossed
bill tend.
The on^ropsed bill was accordingly read.
Air I IOUSTONf called for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. STANTON moved (at four o'clock and
thirty-five minutes) that the House adjourn; and,
upon that motion, demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were tvfused.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for tell-
ers upon the question of adjournment.
Tellers were oidercd; and Messrs.Nichols and
Talbot were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes V.\, noes 7G.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WASIXHURNE, of Illinois, moved that
; when tin) 1 [ousc adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next.
The motion wa? disagreed to.
Air. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved that the
House adjourn; arid, on that motion, called for
tellers.
'LVlleis were ordered.
Mr. i IUGHE8 demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ljURNETT. If there is to be a filibus-
tering arrangement here, we may as welt give
them the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative; yeas 65, nays 89—as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Abbott, Barksdale, Hillsnjrhur-t, Bliss,
Hocock, Botiliaiit, Biaaeh, Ca«e, Ca^kio, OhallW', Jluiacc
!■' f'iatk, JJurton I)avi> of Fndiana, Davis ot'BIw-
si^ippi, DiiV!^ of Ion a, Dawes, Dodd, Dowdeil, Kdmuml-
! :-oii, F.nn^voiih. Kenton, (Jilman, Crow, Italian, Ila-km,
I Itoatd, [loifon, 1 low aid, Jrnkm-*, Owen J.*>ut>->, Leach,
' Lefclh'i, liUv<'|oy, iMaclay, Mctlucen, lUillr-on, Morgan,
! Monill, ildwatd Joy Moms, Oliver A. Moi-e, Muuay,
i Nichols, William YV. I'iirlp-, Phillips, Pike, I'ottei, f'ca-
j iian, I'oyec, Scale*, Searing, Homy M b'ruv. John Shoi-
1 man. .hsd-on XV. Sherman, riintdeton, Wilhanx tfmith,
1 Stallworth, Stanton, Jaincri A. Stewair, iHik's 'J'ayloi,
■ Ttiap.', \\ra!l>ink:>, Csuhv.Uadoi (1. Wabbbutti, Rilihti B.
: Wa^'ibmlie. Urael Wa^-hlairn, and Whuoiey—tij.
| NAVH-M«'>^r^ Aid, Andei^on, Aruirew^, Arnold, At-
' km j, Aveiv, Bennutc, Binaham, Jji&hoj), Bowie, Bra>ton,
| i'ufnnton, Burinieramo, Bumott, limns, Cb.tpntan, E/ra
j Ciaik.Joim J5. Claik, dawson, Clay. Cobb, Cockei dl. Col-
1 f,i\. Coining, Covodo, Cox, Oiltjs. Dean, Dcwart, Dick,
! 5)utiPillion, Fioi ;nce. Fob-v. Foster, (iartiell, Oiddmc>,
. Ciilmfi, frondwin, (Jie>/^, Gioi'vbock, Lawienoe \V. Flail,
' Hai'i-, Uawlnns, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Ilujler. Jew-
ell, \V. Jone^, Kenn, iCellogir, Kilijoru, John C.
i Knnlifl. L.iwience, Leulv, riutnplr.ey3Iai~baII,SamuclS.
■ Aiai^i'ail, Mason, Mavnaid, I>aac N. Moins, Nihlack,
! Palmer, IVtut, Pottle, Purmnoe, Heady, Iteilly, Rohbms,
i Roboit<, Hussell, Savase, Uf>beit ^mith, Pamucl A. Smith,
! Spinner, Stevonson, William Stewatr, Talbot, Tappari,
^'ontpkuis. Underwood, Vance, WaMron, Waul, Watkins,
• White, Woodson, John V. Wuglit. and Zolhcoffei—89.
.So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call,
Mr. ADRAIN stated that he had paired olF
with Mr. Wjnslow.
Mr. JENKINS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Goode, had paired off with Mr. Craig, of Mis-
souri.
Mr BURNETT said: Mr. Speaker, I shall
move to dispense with the reading of the names,
if it be agreed that the main question shall be
ordered on the passage of the bill, and then we
can adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no
objection to that; but we did object to forcing on
a vote to-night.
On motion of Mr. BURNETT, the reading of
the names was dispensed with, and the vote was
announced as above.
Mr. SAVAGE demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. BURNETT, (at
five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 22, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. H. Bococic, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
JEREMIAII WRIGHT.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. A^len, its
Clerk:
Mr. President : I am directed by the House of Repre-
sentatives to irtmii to the Senate, in compliance with its
request, tho bill of the House (No. iiti.j) granting a pension
to Jeremiah Wnght.
The hill was, in pursuance of an order hereto-
fore made, referred to the Committee on Pensions.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident had approved and signed, on the 21st in-
stant, the following acts:
An act to continue the office of register of the
land office atVmcennes, Indiana;
An act recognizing the assignmentof land war-
rant No. 35,956, issued to John Davis, as valid;
and
An act for the relief of John Campbell.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting:, in compliance with law, the annual state-
ment of appropriations and expenditures for the
seivicoof that Department; which was, on mo-
tion of Mr. Mason, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a letter addressed to
him by L. Stoddard, a commander in the Navy,
lelative to his pay; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Allan's.
lie also presented six petitions of citizens of
Berks and Lancaster counties, Pennsylvania,
praying for the protection of American labor en-
gaged in the manufacture of iron; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GAVIN piesentcd the petition of Simpson
P. Moss, praying to be allowed the benefit of the
act of July 21,1852, fixing definitely the compen-
sation of the collector at Astoria, m the settlement
of his accounts as collector of the district of Pu-
get Sound; which was inferred to the Committee
on ClamiH.
Mr. BIGLER presented proceedings of a meet-
ing of the soldieis of the war of 1812, held at
Uniontown, Pennsylvania, on the 16th December,
1858, in favor of the enactment of a pension law
that will be just to the Government and generous
to the soldiers of that war; which were referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of James
Vamey, a soldiei in the war of 1812, praying to
be allowed a pension on account of a disability
contracted in the service; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented one hundred and
thirty-six petitions of citizens of various counties
in the State of Pennsylvania, praying for protec-
tion to American labor engaged in the manufac-
ture of iron; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
