170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
duties, and that had not gone into operation at
the time these services were rendered. This gen-
tleman disbursed this money-under orders issued
by the military commander; it was part of what
was called the civil fund. Congress passed a law
some years ago authorizing General Riley, who
was the military Governor, to settle his accounts;
and under that act numerous accounts of the same
character have been paid. This gentleman dis-
bursed the money under the oiders of the collector
appointed by General Riley. Other moneys which
were disbursed in a similar manner there, by order
of General Riley, have been paid to the parties.
This ease, and another case that came before the
Senate the other day, in regard to the late Gov-
ernor Barker, of Missouri, have not been paid.
The Court of Claims will not recognize this
claim. There was no law of Congress m opera-
tion at the time providing for these services, nor
was there a contract, nor was tlieie u regulation
of an Executive Department, and hence this claim-
ant has no chance at all to get a hearing in that
court. The claim was sent there for the purpose
of identifying the items that have been charged.
I know, of my own knowledge, that these expend-
itures were made. It was sent there because it
was thought necessary to reduce the amount, as
it was supposed the court could do, by taking
testimony, but they will not act upon it at all.
The Senator is mistaken about the claim bring
for a large amount; it is a small amount. The
claimant is here hoping to get some relief. He
is certain to get none from the court. The case
has been sentthere by the Senate, expecting them
to examine it. They will notdo it in consequence
of a view they have taken of the law. All I ask
is that the papeis he brought to the Senate and
referred to some committre, that the parly may
have a hen ring.
Mr. HA.YARD. If the Court of Claims have
made the decision which the honoiable Senatoi
from Geoigia supposes they have made, and
which 1 <un not aware of ■
.Mr. 1VERRON". I did not say that the Court
of Claims had made any such decision. I only
remarked that it had been said they hrftt done so.
The court have certainly made no decision of the
land 111 this particular ease. At least, 1 have no
official infoiniation 011 the subject.
Mr. liAYARD. If they hint made such a de-
cision, 1 agree with him they would have most
materially thwin ted the intention of Congress 111
tile passage of the law w Inch 01 gam zed the court.
In my view, the law had a double aspect. Wc
chose to define specifically the clmrnclor of claims
over which the court should have original jiuis-
diction without coming to Congress at all, and
my own doubt is whether, in that class of cases,
we ought to receive a petition wherever it comes
within' the tonus of the expiess language, in which
jurisdiction is conveyed to the court. Rutin the
alternative, there is the further authoriiy, that
they are to lake jurisdiction of eases rel'eiied to
them byorderofeither House ufCongrcss. Now,
we had a special object in that, as well as the
mere decision of the court 011 questions which
come originally before them prior to coming to us;
anil that object was, that the testimony in any
case, where Congress saw fit to order it, should
be taken in such a manner that justice might be
done 011 a fair hearing of the claun, which, from
our own expeiience, we knew would not prob-
ably be the ease when examined by a committee
on the ex parte testimony which was furnished
by the claimant. That was one of the secondary
objects. We did not, in any case, make the de-
cision of the Court of Claims final. V/e required
its revision and confirmation by this body, even
where we gave them original jurisdiction without
coining to Congress originally.
I confess I cannot conceive that such a decision
has been made under th." language of the law, un-
til the ceui t send jt to us; because they would be
bound to sf'iid to us ilieir decision,if they denied
their jurisdiction. We have sent a great vauety
of cases to them under the oider of the Senate, and
they would be bound to communicate to us on
adjudication of that kind, if they had made one,
and it would come before us m their reports. I
ki ow of no such decision; none such 18 stated;
and 1 will not presume that the court have mis-
construed the law so grossly until such a return
n made to 11s. I therefore think, in tins case, as
in any other where the primary object of Congress
was to have an investigation of the facts of the
case, founded upon a hearing on both sides, for
which purpose we appointed a solicitor on the
part of the Government, who should cross-exam-
ine witnesses; who should obtain testimony for
the United States, acting as their fepresentative,
which cannot bo the case in any question before a
committee here; that was one of the great objects
of the law; the great end will be entirely thwarted
if we return those cases back to the Senate after
sending them to the Court of Claims, where there
are facts to be ascertained, complicated, perhaps,
in themselves, which a committee can onlyjudge
of from an ex parte examination of witnesses. This
case, in my view of the law, is peculiarly one
which ought to be decided by the court, because
they ought to take testimony in that form which
we will not do, and cannot do, under our rules.
But again, sir, supposing even that the court
had so decided, 1 still think this case falls within
the jurisdiction given to them originally. If 1
heard correctly the statement,itis a claim for dis-
bursements made under the authority of an officer
of the United States, who had the control in Cal-
ifornia just after the pendency of the war, before
any civil government was organized. I.incline
to think that such a case as that, under those cir-
cumstances, would create an implied contract on
the part of the Government to pay„-what theparty
disbursed at the request of an officer so situated,
though not a civil officer; because if a civil gov-'
(rnmeiit was not organized,and the country was
under military control from the hour we took pos-
session of it, it must be treated as a country under
the contiol of the United States until we organized
a civil government. I take it forgianted, that
under the law of nations, the powers of the com-
manding officer who had possession of the country j
would entitle him to make all necessary contracts
for the purposes of the United States, and the
Government would be impliedly bound to pay
them. Then the claim would bee good one if it
was based 011 that ground, as a claim against the
Government, and it is only necessary to prove
the fact in order to sustain it. Therefore, I think
the case would come within the jurisdiction given
to the court, apart from the reference of the (Sen-
ate; but under the reference of the Senate, I cannot
doubt that it ought properly to go before them.
The honorable Senator from Georgia says the.
eommiitee having these facts before them, and
not being satisfied 011 the ex parte testimony to
decide the facts of the case, and some other ques-
| tions also arising, proposed the reference of the
! case to the Court of Claims. Why ought, it not,
as any other case of the kind, to remain there, so
that testimony may be taken, and properly taken,
; so that we may decide upon it rightfully when it
■ shall come before us5
Mr. STUART. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
I ator from California, whether the court has rcn-
! derod any decision in this case, 011 the question of
jurisdiction >
! Mr. GWIN. The claimant so understands,
i and he requests that the pnpers may be, brought
! back, because the claim, not be.ng founded on any
! law of Congress, or any regulation of an Exec-
I ntivo Department, or any contract with the United
1 States, he lias no hope or prospect of getting his
1 claim through the court. For that reason he
; wants the papers brought back to the Senate,
j Mr. STUART. Yes, sir. It is then a case to
which the attention of the couit has not been
| brought—probably it has not been reached on
their'ralen.dar. The court have decided nothing
at all m regard to it; hut the claimant has come
to the conclusion that the court have not got juris-
! diction. Surely, this is not a case calling fox the
interposition of the Senate at all.
i But. sir, I would sugeest to my honorable
friend from Georgia, that it is utterly impossible
! to effect the object he desires, by a vote on this
resolution. It is impossible to determine by the
sense of the Senate what the jurisdiction of the
, court is. The court determine foi themselves
what is their jurisdiction; and if a majority of the
Senate disagree with them as to that, the only
! way to remedy it is by amending the law, and
declaring in express terms, wilat a majority of the
, Senate might say was their construction of the
law. but there is 110 such thing as appealing from
l the Court of Claims to the Senate, upon a question
| of their jurisdiction.
Again, there 13 110 practical difficulty in a case
of this sort; for whenever the court determine
that they have 110 jurisdiction of a claim the pe-
titioner has leave to withdraw the papers, and he
can bring them to the Senate or House of Repre-
sentatives, and present them again; but there is
a difficulty in listening tothe constant suggestions
of claimants. Those of us who keep watch of
the business here, can turn to cases* that have
been sent backward and forward—sent to the
court, then to the Senate, back to the court again,
returned to the Senate, and so on, over and over
again, just as the whim or caprice or the sup-
posed interest of the claimant induced him to
act.
So far as this case is concerned, whether these
papers come back here or not, is a question of
very little practical utility; but I think it proper
to say that so far as my vote goes, I do not intend
to express any opinion as to the jurisdiction of
the Court i^f Claims, in accordance with the sug-
gestion of uie Senator from Georgia. My views
upon that subject have been given heretofore and
will control my vote, but I do not think the sense
of the Senate given on this question is a determ-
ination in the mind of each Senator what his
opinion of the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
is. He may be wilting to say that if the Senator
from California desires these papers back, let
them come—1 have no objection to say that; but
not meaning thereby to determine that the Court
have no jurisdiction of the case.
I must say here that I think the course that has
been pursued here with many claims to which ray
attention has been called incidentally has been
very improper. Itis a very great stretch of court-
esy to ask the Court of Claims to return us papers
which we have sent to them, before they have
.'reached the case and determined whether they
have jurisdiction or not, or what they will do
wuh it. That is the fact here as I understand,
and considering the time when the case was re-
ferred, it is evident that must be the fact. The
case could not have been reached 011 their calen-
dar by tins time, so that in reality you have got *
no judgment of the court at all upon it.
Mr."COLLAMER. Mr. President,I have for
three sessions past been listening to the constant
suggestions which have been made about an appa-
rent conflict of jurisdiction between the Court of
Claims and our Committee on Claims, and I am
very desirous for one that it should be brought to
some issue, so that we may know where we stand.
The statute which the honorable Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Ivr.nsoti] has read to us this morn-
ing, givos the court, in the first place, jurisdic-
tion of claims which the parties may present to
them, which must be legal claims growing out of
some legal obligation,or an implied or actual con-
tract. It then goes on to provide that they shall
also have jurisdiction of whatever claims either
House may refer to them. It has been suggested,
and I apprehend with a good deal of truth, that
the court view that last clause as nothing more
than a manner of getting a case before them, but
| that the case itself must present a claim falling
j within the previous description of their jurisdic-
! tion; that is, it mustbe a legal claim, or they have
j no jurisdiction of it. If, when they get it before
j the'm, it does not fall within the general descrip-
tion of a legal claim, founded upon implied or
actual contract, it is not within their jurisdiction
after all, no more than it would be if an individual
had, by petition, presented to them a claim of that
character. It has been said, for two years past at
least, 111 this House, that that is the view which
the court take, and yet we do not seem to get at
it. Now, 1 apprehend the difficulty on that point
is that the statute, as 1 understand, merely requires
the court to send to Congress reports m relation
I to those claims which they allow.
! Mr. UA YARD. It requires the adverse reports
to be sent here also.
Mr. COLLAMERflWf they have sent any ad-
veise reports here, they have very seldom come
up; indeed, I have no recollection of one being
considered. What I desire is that some mode
; shall be-provided, of which the Senator from Cali-
! fornia and others who have charge-of cases can
; avail themselves, so that we may know whether
1 or not the court take that view of their jurisdic-
tion which I have stated. If that be the construc-
tion which they put on their jurisdiction, I en-
| tircly agree with the Senator from Michigan that
' we cannot alter it by any resolution of ours show-
