1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
I trust there is no dispute among Democrats,
between the North and the South, on the great
and essential principles of liberty. Governments
have been established to protect persons and prop-
erty; and whenever a Government ceases to pro-
tect either persons or property, it has ceased to
perform the functions for which it was brought
into existence.
But the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New Hampshire, and the debate resulting
from it,brings up another question: what is prop-
erty? The debate springing out of that has also
led to the inquiry whether-the South demands of
the North the passage of laws cnacting a slave
code for a Territory? Sir, I beg leave to answer
all who are present within the sound of my voice,
that the South have nevermade any such demand.
Nor is the Senator from Ohio correct, when he
insinuates the idea that Virginians, emigrating to
Kanses, Nebraska, or Utah, claim the right to
carry with them the local law of the State from
which they emigrate. There is 110 respectable
man that ever asserted any such idea. All that
they have asserled, all that they do assert, all that
they will maintain, is, that they carry the Federal :
Constitution; or, moreeorrectly speaking, it being 1
there before they go, that they shall have then-
rights protected under the Federal Constitution,
and to that extent there is no legitimate power to
impugn those rights, whether they be rights of j
persons or rights of property. There is not a j
school-boy who has ever supposed that a Virgin- j
ian, emigrating from the State of Virginia and ]
goingmtotheTerritory of Nebraska, would carry j
the Virginia law with him. Why I10, then, should j
predicate a long argument upon that point, for
the purpose of showing what a heterogeneous
class would then be there congregated, is to me
most surprising and astonishing. We do main-
tain that the Federal Constitution extends over
all the Territories; we do maintain that the Fed-
eral'Constitution designs the protection of all
property; we do maintain that under the Federal
Consntutionslavesaie propin-ty;nnd we do main-
tain that the decision of the Supreme Court is that
slaves are property even ill a Territory.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to put a question to liiin on the
point that he is now discussing, ill order that we
may understand his views ?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Suppose we acquire Can-
ada as a Territory, where, by the law of Canada,
slavery is abolished would the Constitution of
the United States, of its own force, apply Can-
ada, and reestablish tile law of slavery 111 Canada,
so that slaves could be earned and Jield there by
virtue or the Consiitution, notwithstanding the
law of Canada, which is against it? I wish to
understand the honoiable Senator.
Mr. GREEN. I will ask the Senator, before
I answer his question, if slavery has ever been
abolished in Canada5 ~
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Slavery has been abol-
ished by tile common law of Canada.
Mr. GREEN. Abolished ? Did it ever exist
in Canada?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Never, in fact.
Mr. GREEN. Then you cannot abolish a
thing that never existed. Now i will proceed to
answer the Senator.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator allow
me to put another question?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly. Put it any shape
you please
Mr. DOOLITTLE. New Mexico was a part
of Mexico when slavery was abolished by the
Federal Constitution of the State of Mexico; and
1 ask theS;n<uoi from M issoui 1 whether the Con-
stitution of the United States, of its own force,
would carry the law of slavery in to New Mexico,
now one of our Ten itoi n s >
Mr. GREEN. I will answer the Senator. He
has abandoned Canada; but I will not. I am
ready to open the portals of the Union for the
admission of Canada. I will say that, although
slavery never did exist, in fact, 111 Canada, yet, if
Canada were annexed to the United States as a
Terntoi y, not admitted into the Union as a State
—for then Stale sovereignty comes with it; but if
annexed as a Territory—the sovereignty over it
belongs to the Union, and the Constitution of tile
United States goes overit, and every citizen of the
United States has a right to go there, and take
his negro slave, and hold him. Now, a word as
to New Mexico. In the case of New Mexico it
is still stronger, and for additional reasons. First,
all the argument that I used with regard to Can-
ada applies; and, in addition to that, the decree
of Mexico attempting to abolish slavery in that
Government never was a valid decree. That Gov-
ernment undertook, on two different occasions, to
accomplish it; once in 1828, m which they, by
decree, provided that appraisers should value
the slaves, and the owners should be paid; none
of which provisions were carried into effect, and
the decree was null and void. To prove that that
decree was null and void, I need only refer the
Senator to the fact, the historical fact—which I
know he is familiar with—that in Texas, foreight
years afterwards, slaves were held as property,
notwithstanding the existence of that inoperative
decree of 1828. In fact, slavery continued in
Texas until the time of the revolution; thtis prov-
ing the practical invalidity of the decree. No con-
stitution of Mexico ever attempted to abolish sla-
very. The invalid decree, before referred to, did
attempt it, but it did not succeed; and the only
constitutional provision 011 the subject was to-pro-
hibit the future establishment of slavery—not to
coerce its abolition.
The constitution of 1844 of Mexico—and I pre-
sume the Senator knows all about these things,
or he would notask me these questions—did not
undertake to abolish slavery, but only prohibited
its future establishment. These are the facts of
the case, and the Senator ought to know them,
and 1 presume he does. But even if the acts of
the Mexican Government were valid and had
been carried into effect, the moment the country
was annexed to the United States, it would be
properly belonging to the Union. Then what? If
Congress has not the power to prohibit slavery 111
a Territory already belonging to it, if it buys ter-
ritory and annexes it to itself, then a previous
prohibition, inconsistent with the power of Con-
gress, would cease and determine the moment the
annexation was made. Now, 1 trust the Senator
understands me perfectly. I intend to deceive no
one upon this point. The view I take of the sub-
ject is, to my mind, clear and distinct. If 1 am
wrong, I am icady to be advised of that error; but
my convictions are so strong that nothing short
of powerful reasons will ever induce me to change
them. The Supreme Court has decided that slaves
are property. They go into the Territories, and
the question has been sprung up here whether the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, under the
specific law of 1854, can prohibit and abolish
slavery by director indirect legislation, or by lion-
action. 1 answer, they can do neither; and il they
were to undertake to do either, and thereby de-
stroy the rights of citizens, it would be the duty of
Congress to intervene. I hold, first, that they can
do neither; but if they should, it would be obliga-
tory on Congress to interpose. The purpose of
government being the protection of persons and
property, whenever any subordinate power, act-
ing under the United States an thorny, contravenes
those great ends of government, it becomes the
duty of the superior power to interpose to protect
the rights of peisons and property.
The doctrine of non-interference by Congress
with slavery in the Territories means, and can
only mean, lhat Congress should neither establish,
nor prohibit it. That is all. Leave those questions
to the Constitution and the courts. But whatever
rights individuals have in the Territory, may de-
mand, and when demanded, must have adequate
protection. This can injuie no one, and affords
no cause of complaint to any section of'the Union.
It has been admitted by the Senator from Ill-
inois, that Congn-ss has the same power, and the
Territory has ihe same power,and 110 more, over
slaves as other property in the Territory. Now,
I ask this question distinctly, m the presence of
the Senator, ran the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas, Nebraska, or Utah, prohibit the intro-
duction of any other kind of property? Can they
discriminate 111 regard to any kind of property?
For 1 hold, if they, cannot, by direct means, pro-
hibit it, neither can they by dishonest, indirect
means, accomplish the same thing. That which
you cannot do directly, you cannot do indnectly;
and it is a dishonest subterfuge to presume that
such will be done. Can you prohibit the intro-
duction of mules, of horses, of plows, of patent
reapers? No; they are property known to the
Constitution. Are not slaves property known to
the Constitution? Yes. Can tliey then be pro-
hibited? The Senator says, yes; I answer, no.
The power to prohibit o'r.e is coextensive with
the power to prohibit the other; and no legisla-
tive authority in the Territory or out of the Ter-
ritory will permit of a discrimination between
different species of property, so far as its protec- .
tion and security are concerned.
But he says this thing may be done by " un-
friendly legislation." What is meantby unfriendly
legislation? Unfriendly to my rights; unfriendly
to my property! I had thought that rights, rights
of persons and property, were beyond the power
of legislation. 1 undertake to make the assertion,
and defy contradiction, that without the special
transference of authority, there never was a legis-
lative body in existence on the face of the globe
that could justly take any right of person or prop-
erty from a citizen without rendering a just com-
pensation. This is implied in 1 he great principles
of magna charta. It is but the expression of the
honest hearts of the British people when they ex-
torted magna charta from King John; and when
the principle was transferred to the American
continent, it was planted, took deep root, has
grown up into a magnificent tree until it over-
shadows and shelters the whole Union. But how
easy it is to trample down a minority. How easy
to stop every privilege when the dominant swell-
ing mob, headed by some bold leader carrying a
majority says, I choose to sacrifice you to the
accomplishment of my ends. Justice, truth, right,
and correct principle, have said that one man's
rights are as sacred as the rights of nine hundred
and ninety-nine. 1 forget the quotation, but I re-
member having read it when 1 was a boy, and
that was a long time ago; but a wise man was
asked his definition of the best Government, and
he Answered, that Government which is ready to
exert all its power to protect the rights of the hum-
blest citizen. If I were asked to give my opinion
of the greatest excellence of the American Gov-
ernment, I would say it is that principle which
permits it to make use of money and men, to shed
blood, and to do anything to protect the rights of
the most humble citizen from being violated; and
yet I am told that those persons who have prop-
erty of a certain kind m a Territory, are to be
sacrificed by the Territorial Legislature, under
the guise of " unfriendly legislation." My view
is to put all species of property on the same basis
of protection. I will never exalt the rights of the
owners of slaves, above the rights of owners of
other property. They are equal—not superior.
But, it has been admitted by the Senator from
Illinois, and 1 hold I11111 to the admission, that a
Territory has no power except what is conferred
by Congress. Is there any power to make such
discrimination in the organic act creating the ter-
ritorial government ? He says all legislative power
is conferred that is not inconsistent with the Con-
stitution. I have two answers to make to that
assertion. First, if the power to destroy any kind
of property was conferred, it'would be inconsis-
tent with the Constitution; it would be a destruc-
tion of private rights; and would be a breaking
down of the gieat haulers between right and
wrong, and, therefore, void. The second answer
is this: if all legislative power, not inconsistent
with the Constitution, is conferred by the organic
act, then the power to institute steps to form the
Lecompton constitution was undeniable; one or
the other must be true. He may take either horn
of the dilemma. If all legislative power is con-
ferred that is not inconsistent with the Constitu-
tion, then they had the power to institute steps
to/orm the Lecompton constitution. If it is not
cunfcried, then there are reseivations somewhere.
Where are those reservations on the question now
before us? In what do they consist ? Why, sir,
in all constitutions, in all laws, superior to ail our
action, there underlie grave principles of truth
and justice which no law can override. These are
for the protection of individual rights.
The Senator says—and I was sorry to hear
him say it; for I have the highest regard for him
not only as a man, but as a jurist—that under no
circumstances could he be induced to intervene,
by the action of Congiess, to protect the rights of
persons to slaves in any Territory. I was sorry
to hear it. I have said the South do not ask it
now; because, as yet, they have never seen the
necessity. The time may come when they will
