1256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
is a judicial question. By the Nebraska bill, it
must go to the Supreme Court to be decided, and
I shall abide by its decision m any case. It is not
for me to pronounce on the validity or constitu-
tionality of these local laws. What I assert is,
that when they pass the laws they can only be
annulled either by the court on the ground of be-
ing unconstitutional, or by Congress upon the
ground that the majority do not like them.
I say I am opposed to congressional interven-
tion in such cases. The Democratic party al-
ways has been opposed to it. Every man that
stands by the Democratic platform must still be
opposed to congressional intervention.' The Sen-
ator from Virginia, or any other Senator, has a
right to abandon the faith and platform of the
Democratic party if he has come to the conclu-
sion that the creed is wrong; but it will not do for
him to read me out of the party because I will
not follow his example and repudiate the time-
honored principles of non-intervention, and adopt
his new political catechism. If I thought the
platform was wrong, I would go for changing it.
if I thought the principles of the party were
wrong, I would follow my conviction; but that
platform suits me as it is, if carried out now as
we understood and explained it in the presiden-
tial election of 1856.
Now, sir, I reciprocate all the kind sentiments
expressed by the Senator from Missouri, that we
ought to be tolerant of differences of opinion in a
great party, for the reason that no two men, even,
are expected to agree on everything. 1 do not
wish to raise a standard for anybody else; but
the Senate will not fail to observe that the points
are all aimed at me, because I hold that Con-
gress ought not to force slavery on the people
of the Territories against their will. I am com-
pelled, in self-defense, to reply. 1 regret these
frequent discussions upon the question. This
subject would never have been introduced into
the Senate this year, if it had been left to me; I
have not said n word upon the subject. I under-
stood that these very points were discussed, and
I was assailed in very severe terms, by the gen-
tleman now occupying the chair, [Mr. Iverson,]
before I arrived this session. If 1 had been here,
of course I would have felt bound to vindicate
myself at the time, although 1 should have re-
gretted the necessity. Not being here, I chose to
let it pass; 1 never even lead the Senator's speech
to know how far lie had gone in his criticisms.
I only reply when I feel that I am compelled to do !
so; assailed, as I am, iirst on one side and then
upon the other, as if it was something extraor-
dinary that 1 should hold the same opinions now
that 1 so fully expressed in the great contests of
1850and in 1854and m 1856. I do notthink there
is anything extraordinary m that. Possibly some-
thing might have occurred requiring a modifica-
tion of opinion. I have no such pride of con-
sistency as would prevent me from modifying my
opinions when convinced of an error; but upon
this subjuctof congressional intei vention I think I
am right. I do not believe the peace of the Union
can be maintained on any other principle.
I do not put slavery on a different footing from
other property. I recognize it as property under
what is understood to be the decision of the Su-
preme Court. I agree that the owner of slaves
has the same right to remove to I he Territories
and carry his slave property with him as the
owner of any other species of property, and to
hold the same, subject to such local laws as the
Teiritorial Legislature may constitutionally pass;
and, ifany person shall feel aggrieved by such local
legislation, he may appeal to the Supreme Court
to test the validity of such laws. I recognize slave
property as being on an equality with all other
property, and apply the same rules to it. 1 will
not apply one rule to slave property and another
to all other kinds of property. I am not willing
to leave all other kinds of property to the teirito-
rial laws and the courts for protection, and then
call on Congress to intervene m behalf of slavery,
in violation of the Democratic principle of non-
intervention. Congress has never yet enacted a
criminal code or a property code for any organ-
ized Territory of the United States. Why should
Congress be called upon to enact a code for the
protection of slave piopertyany more than for
other property ? 1 repudiate the idea of interven-
tion by Congi ess to make a property code of any
description, or for any kind of property, in the
organized Territories. The Senator from Mis-
souri quoted a remark of mine about protecting
property under the law of the United States where
the Government had exclusive jurisdiction. That
related to unorganized Territories. In all such
cases this Government does exercise exclusive
jurisdiction, but a very different principle has al-
ways prevailed m the organized Territories. As
long as it is Indian country, or unorganized, there
is no other jurisdiction but that of the United
Spates. The moment you organize the Territory,
and enable the people to elect their own Legisla-
ture for the purpose of self-government, that Le-
gislature becomes the proper tribunal to pass the
laws for the protection of property, instead of
Congress. If we will carry out that principle in
this matter, and allow the Territorial Legislature
to pass all laws, subject to appeal on constitutional
points to the Supreme Court, and then vigorously
cai ry out the doetiine of non-intervention by Con-
gress, upon slavery and every other species of
property, neither the North nor the South has a
right to complain. I am sure, sir, that it is with
extreme regret that I have been compelled thus
far to participate in this discussion.
Mr. DAVIS. If I understand the Senator, he
renews the position to which I endeavored to
make an answer to him, in relation to discrimina-
tion as to the kind of property. I wish to say
that what the Government owes to person and
property is adequate protection; and the amount
of piotection which must be given will necessarily
vary with the character of the property and the
place whore it is held; thatany attempt, therefore,
to create a prejudice by talking about discrimination
between different kinds of property is delusive,
and does not meet the single inquiry, the only
one we have a right to make, what kind of pro-
tection is adequate? The Senator's argument as
to the change of the power of the Federal Gov-
ernment by the organization of the Territory, I
thought was answered this morning. If that or-
ganization is a mere emanation of Federal power,
if that territorial government is the mere instru-
ment of the Federal Government, how does it
change the power and jurisdiction which the Uni-
ted States holds? Why, then, the argument that
the power is possessed m a Territory before the
territorial government is organized, but not pos-
sessed afterwards?
1 think that the Senatorcommitted a fatal blun-
der, and drew the Senate into a fatal blunder, when
he departed from the well established precedent
of our Government, and struck out of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill the right to pass upon the legisla-
tion of the Territory which had always thereto-
fore existed m Congress, which ought to have
been retained, and winch, of necessity, was exer-
cised when they passed a law clearly violating
the constitutional right. This doctrine of non-in-
tervention, as I said before, in reply to the Sena-
tor, is one which is constantly changing; changing
with latitude and longitude and persons; chang-
ing with the session when it is introduced; and
greatly changed since the time when the Senator
from Illinois first discussed it. Then it was a
question simply of whether the Federal Govern-
ment should attempt to decide the question of
|' whether slave property could be carried into the
. territory acquired from Mexico, or not; whether
j, the Mexican law remained upon the land, or
whether the Constitution, by its own force,carried
;! slave property, as all other property, from the
j States there. A Senator, then a member of this
| body from tlie State of Delaware, now no more,
; (Mr. Clayton,) attempted to compose that ditfi-
culty by a bill which referred the whole question
! to the Supreme Court of the United States. I
: thought at the time his measure was well, wisely,
i and patriotically taken. I voted for the propo-
i sit ion, believing that, if the question was submitted
to the Supreme Court, and decided as a question
of constitutional right by the Supreme Court, then
it would only remain for the United States Con-
gress to see the right so defined carried into effect.
If it was against us, we had to abide it; if it was
for un, we were to be protected in its enjoyment.
So I understood the question, when it was dis-
: cussed in 1850, to be avowed by every one who
touched it. So i understood the operation of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill to be a reference of this
subject to the Supreme Court, in order that they
might decide the constitutional and legal right.
:i When decided it was to be considered as settled,
upon Congress and against Congress. I think
we took a great hazard when we agreed thus to
submit a question of the constitutional rights of
our constituents. If I had then been a member
of the Senate, I should have presented the diffi-
culty which existed in my mind. I was not; I
take it for granted, However, my friends who are
about me must have understood at that time
clearly that this was the mere reference of a right;
and that, if decided in our favor, congressional le-
gislation would follow in its train, and secure to
us the enjoyment of the right thus defined.
The Senator, however, makes a reference to the
vote of the State of which I am a citizen, by
whose authority I speak here, in the canvass of
1848, to show that the doctrine of squatter sover-
eignty was acceptable to the southern Democ-
racy.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; it was in reply to the
statement of the Senator from Virginia that the
South would never vote for a man holding that
doctrine, and I reminded him that she had done it.
Mr. DAVIS. You reminded the Senator, then,
that Mississippi had voted for this doctrine.
Mr. DOUGLAS. All the Democratic southern
States, and Mississippi, too.
Mr. DAVIS. I have nothing to do except with
the State of which I know something, and of
which I ha^b a right to speak.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not say thatin Missis-
sippi they voted for the doctrine. It was charged
that they would vote for no man who held the doc-
trine. I showed that Virginia, Mississippi, all
the Democratic States had voted for a man who
held the doctrine. I do not pretend to say they
voted for the doctrine; but they voted for a man
who held it.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not misunderstand the
Senator, and I am glad he has interposed if I was
likely to make others misunderstand him. That
is the exact point I meet. The candidate of the
Democratic party had written a letter long and
eloquent. Men differed as to its construction. I
put a certain construction upon it, which was,
that it admitted the power in the inhabitants of a
Territory to decide the question of the right of
another emigrating to take slaves there or not.
That construction was denied. My political
friends held it to bo a heresy on my part, to be-
lieve that that was ever meant. One who claimed
to have authority to speak, gave a different con-
struction; and the State of Mississippi voted un-
der the belief that that letter meant no more than
that when the Territory bccamc a State it had
authority to decide that question; and even with
that constant assertion, as by authority, the doubt
that hung upon the minds of the people of Mis-
sissippi, as to whether it was correct or not, re-
duced the vote from thousands to hundreds. If
it had been known that the vSnerable candidate
then of the Democratic party, and now Secretary
of State, held the opinion which he so fiankly
avowed at a subsequent period, on the floor of
the Senate, I tell you, sir, [addressing Mr. Doog-
las,] he would have had no more chance to get
the vote of Mississippi than you, with your
opinions, would have to-day. It was the same
case in Alabama, where the majority sunk from
thousands to hundreds, because of the opinion
entertained. It was the constant assertion that
that was not the opinion of the candidate.
Mr. CLAY. If my friend will permit me, I
will state that Mr. Yancey, for construing that
letter as the Senator from Mississippi says he
did, was ejected from the party, or put himself
outside of the party. He did not act with the
party for years afterwards, because he was as-
sailed in every Democratic paper in the State as
misrepresenting General Cass's views.
Mr. DAVIS. That is very much my expe-
rience; but for the kindness which the people of
Mississippi always showered upon me,all unde-
served as it was, I suppose I should have been
read out of the Democratic party for asserting
that that was the creed of their own candidate.
I performed what I considered a duty to my con-
stituents, when I told them what my belief was.
They thought it more than unkind that 1 should
doubt the constant assertions that had been made.
They forgave me what they considered an offense
and voted for the candidate, reduced as I have
stated in the majority, because of the doubt that
hung over them.
The Senator quite misapprehended my remarks
