174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Well, do not ob-
ject to litis order restricting debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
question before the House ?
The SPEAKER. A motion that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business, and object to further
debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to see if I
undeistand the gentleman from Missouri.
The SPEAKER. This question is not a de-
batable one. * *
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know that, sir;
but I desire to know if 1 understand the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri. As I stated
a while ago, there are sundry bills on the Calen-
dar in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, which were referred to that com-
mittee last session; one of them is a bill providing
for the uiganization of the new Territory of Ne-
vada. I wish now to know if it is in order for me
to move to go into the Committee of tlie Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of
taking up that bill.
The SPEAKER. Such a motion could not be
entertained.
Mr. RARKSDALE. I desire to inquire if de-
bate is m otdcr ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then I object to further
debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri asks that, by unanimous consent, the debate
in the Committee of the Whole on t he state of the
Union, on the two bills winch he has indicated,
shall he confined to the subject-matter of the bills.
Is there objection ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object.
iYIr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 now ask for a
vote on my morion, that the lules be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were according! y suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr Houston
in the Chair.)
PENSION APPROPRIATION BIU..
Mr. PIJELPS, of Missouri. I desire thaMhe
committee shall take up House bill (No. 002) !
mwkuu; appropriations for tin4 payment of invalid i
and other pensions of the United States for the j
year ending the 30th June, bSGU; and, although |
the House failed to make the cider which I re- I
quested should in4 made, y< t I hope the debate [
upon this bill will be confined to tin* subject of;
the bill. I will Mate the piu-po-'.e which 1 an- j
nouneed in the House; that when this bill and ■
the A'i Hilary Academy hi!' shall have been disposed
of, I will move thai the Piesident's message he
taken up, on winch theie may be unlimited de-
bate. i
I do not propose to submit any lemaiks moie :
than to make a simple .statement of the amount ,
of money proposed to lie appropriated. The |
amount of money proposed to ho appropriated by I
this bill is ^52,(>Ui), that amount being required,
together with the unexpended balance of former :
appropriations on hand, to meet the pensions
under the several special and general pension acts
placing persons upon the pension rolls. It ex- i
ce' ds file amounts appropi iatetl at the last session \
of Congress, by *,d'J,O00. Them was then a kuger
amount of uuexj ended balances on hand, a ,d i
there is now a lamer number of persons placed !
upon flu4 peij^mu rolls under the special acts of
the last session.
The bill was read through; and the reading by
sections for amendment commenced. j
Mr. GJDDINGS. J wish to ask the attention 1
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to the chaiacfer of these several pensions.
We have been, lor the lasr- two or three days,
eons.tie ring the subject of pei'sions, and f n-dt the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to mrVum the House of the preci.-c character nf i
the dilier^rt elapses of pensions mentioned in this !
clause of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. They arc for the j
fiveyears'half-paypensionstowidows of soldiers I
who have been killed in the military service of
the Government, and the orphans of such soldiers
under the age of sixteen.
Mr. GJDD1NGS. I desire that the House may
understand the subject as well as myself. We
have been discussing this question of pensions,
and I wanted the House to understand the sub-
ject.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I have before me
the pension law, to carry out which this clause
makes appropriations, aud I want the House to
understand the character of the pensions pro-
vided for in this bill. X lind that a private of the
Continental line receives ninety-six dollars a year
pension for two years' servicc in the revolution-
ary war; forty-eight dollars a year for one year's
service in that war; and twenty-four dollars a
year for six months'service; for less than six
gether with the small military force kept there,
no more money is appropriated in this bill than
is requisite under existing laws to carry on that
institution.
When you come to the item for repairs and
improvements at the Military Academy, there is
a diminution from the amount which was sub-
mitted in the annual estimates of about six thou-
sand three hundred and fifty dollars, consisting
of various matters of detail, all of which are small
items, and which the Committee of Ways and
Means concluded not to recommend the House
to embrace in this bill. That, consequently, re;
duces the amount proposed to be appropriated.
In the judgment of the committee, that was best
for the institution, and a matter of cconomy to
the country.
Mr. STANTON. I do not know what the ex-
months, nothingat all. For intermediate periods h penditure for the Military Academy for this year
between six months and two years, the pension
bears such proportion to the annuity granted for
the service of two years as this term of service :
did to tiiat term. The pension bill we have passed
to-day will more than quadruple the revolution-
ary pensions; and I think, in the aggregate, it will
amount to six or eight times as much.
[The committee here informally rose, and re-
ceived a message from the President of the United
States, by J. B. Henry, his Private Secretary,
notifying the House that he had this day ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles,
namely:
An act (H. R. No. 565) to confirm the land
claim of certain pueblos and towns in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico; and
An act (II. R. No. 350) fui the reliefof Iloswell
Menard, father of Theodore Menard, deceased.]
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I only desired to
call the attention of the committee to the character
of the revolutionary pensions, as contrasted with
the character of the pensions to be given under
the bill we luuc passed to-day.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 would like to know
whether the gentleman did not vote for that bill
this morning5
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will state to the
gentleman that I voted for it in hopes that the
Senate would amend it so as to place the soldiers
of the war oi 18J2 upon an equality with the troops
of the Continental line. Ry the rigor of our i ules
aud the application of the previous question, 1
was prevented from voting for a bdlns I svish it to
become a law. Rather than defeat it, I preferred to
send it to the Senate as it is.
Mr. RITCHIE. That wa.s about the question
1 desned to ask the gentleman—whether he did
not uiti; for n epon the giound of the superior
merits of the hem liciaiics umlei it?
The bill havmgheen icud through, and no fur-
ther amendnvmts being offered,
Mr. I'll ELPS, of Missouti, moved that the bill
be laid aside, to tie s epoi ted to the House with a
recommendaiion that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
MrUTAUY ACADEMY KILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
committee mocecd now to the consideration of
House bill (No. Gf>3) making appiopimtions for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the 30th of June, 3SGO
was, but I<£nd that the estimate for the current
! year was $116,000, and that tke.estimate for the
■ next fiscal year is $122,000. wow, the bill of last
1 year appropriated, if I understood the gentleman
' from Missouri, $179,000, making an excess over
1 the estimates of $57,000.
; Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
1 will permit me to call his attention to the fact that
! the last Military Academy appropriation bill
I contained special items, which made the amount
I $lG-),386, instead of $115,000 as stated by the
1 gentleman.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly; and by some
means or other, which I do not. fully comprehend,
1 the appropriations are always largely in excess
of the estimates. That seems to be pretty clear
1 from the gentleman's statement, if nothing else is.
Now, the War Department, in its estimate for the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1860, have
I said that $]22,000 is neccssary for that service;
and 1 have not heard any explanation from the
; gentleman from Missouri, the chairman of the
■ Committee of Ways and Means, as to what ne-
! cessity has arisen since those estimates were made
; out, which requires an addition to those estimates.
: Unless there is some new fact coming to the knowl-
| edge of the committee or of the Department,since
i those estimates were made, which produces a ne-
! cessitv for this increase, I cannot see the propri-
, ety of appropriating it. It doubtless may ue true
i that at the time the estimates were made the De-
! partment might not be aware of necessities which
: might subsequently arise, and an explanation may
r be made to show the necessity of increasing the
; appropriation; but whenever an appropriation is
: asked for which is m excess of the estimates, I
> hold it to be the bounden duty of the House to
know what that necessity is.
The Administration is m the habit of making
' capital with the people for an economical admin-
istration of this Government, by reporting the
■ amount of its estimates of what is neccssary to
carry on the Government for the ensuing fiscal
year. I am disposed to hold it to its estimates,
unless a necessity for an increase is shown. Here,
now, man estimate of £122,000, there is an increase
asked of nearly thirty-three and a third per cent.
We are asked to appropriate $58,000 more than
is estimated in an appropriation amounting in the
aggregate, according to the estimate, to $122,000.
The appropriation asked by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means is thirty-three
Tile motion was agreed to; and the bill was j; and a third per cent, more than the estimate of
taken up and read the first tun.
The Clerk then commenced reading the bill by
clauses for amendments.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to make
a brief explanation with reference to the amount
j of' money proposed to be appropiiated by this bill,
- as well as in reference to the amount, which was
appropriated for the 3Jilitaiy Academy for the
; current year. The amount appropriated for the
| piesr-nt currem year wnci ^Ifi!),'jSG; the sum pro-
posed to be appropriated ny this hill r$1SU,SS4.
, In reference to the first item of this bill—for pay
of officers, instructors, cadets, aud musicians—g
an mcTtu.se or'the pay of certain military Gliicers
stationed at West Point was made by the first
section of the act making an appropriation for
tii-.4 support of the Army for the present year; and
this mikes an incieuse of about four thousand
! dollars m the appropriation for the pay of instruct-
ors, cadets, &c., at West Point. So far as the
pay of officers is concerned in* the appropriation
for the support of cadets at that institution, to-
the Department. I shall not vote for this bill,
therefore, until I have some very satisfactory
explanation of that increased expenditure.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri- With the per-
mission of the gentleman, I will make an expla-
nation 3
Mr. STANTON. I am through.
Mi. PHELPS, of Missouii- The gentleman
from Ohio is mistaken in the figures winch he has
presented to the committee. The estimates for the
expenditures for the support of the Military Acad-
emy, made for this fiscal year, submitted to us at
the" last session of Congress, were $182,804.
Mr. STANTON. What page does the gentle-
man refer to ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am reading from
the annual estimates for 1859.
Mr. STANTON. J want to call the gentleman's
; attention to page 152, where the estimates for last
' year are given at ^H( .000.
! Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That is only one
i item of expenditure at the Military Academy, an
