1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1257
however, when he supposed I was directing my
censure and criticism towards the personal pros-
pects of any one. I was battling for a great prin-
ciple which stands as the barrier to protect the
rights of those whom I represent—a principle
■which I believe is to be coexistent with the Union,
which was announced at its birth, and will only
disappear upon its grave. In advocating that
principle, men are to me but as the counters that
mark the day. I should have been glad if the
Senator, when he appeared in the Serffcte, had an-
swered the expectation of many of his friends,
and by a speech here have removed the doubt
which his reported speeches in the last canvass of
Illinois created. It was not with satisfaction,
therefore, that I heard him here making declara-
tions so inconsistent with what I consider the
constitutional rights of those whom I represent;
so inconsistent, as I know them to be, with the
sentiments, the settled opinion of that people.
Much more grateful had it been to me if, by a
speech delivered in the Senate, he had corrected
the opinion which I entertained of the speeches
he had made in the State of Illinois during his
canvass. He has confirmed me, however, in the
belief that he is now as full of heresy as he once
was of adherence to the doctrine of popular sov-
ereignty, correctly consttued *, that he has gone
back to his first love of squatter sovereignty, a
thing offensive to every idea of conservatism and
sound government; a thing offensive to every idea
of the supremacy ofthe laws of the United States,
and destructive of every prospect to preserve
peace, securc good government m the Territories,
and point the way to the formation of States fit
to be members of the Union.
Mr. GWIN. I am not going to enter into this
discussion, but I wish to state to the Senate that
if the Senator from Illinois had given the same
interpretation as he does now to the Kansus-No-
bra.ska bill when that question was before the
Senate, I never should have voted for it. If I
had understood that bill in the manner in which
the Senator now interprets it, no power on earth
could have induced me to vote for it. I undertake
to say that there is not a member of this body that
voted for that bill at the time, with the exception
of the Senator, who entertains the same opinion
in regard to its operation that he'has expressed
to-day. Now, sir, I call upon those, by whom I
am surrounded, who voted with me for that bill,
to say whether any of them then put the interpre-
tation upon it that the Senator has done to-day ?
Air. DOUGLAS. Call them out. Let us see
them.
Mr. GWIN. I should like to see one. If there
are any I wish they would show themselves. I
should particulailv like to know the Senator here
icprcsenting a sovereign State, who voted for that
bill with the interpretation the Senator has put
upon it to-day. If theie is one, I should like to
see him.
With this understanding of the bill as it passed,
that it was not the bill the Senator to-day repre-
sented it to be, I say somebody was cheated.
Certainly I was, if the author of the bill had the
same view of it then that he has announced to-
day.
Mr. President, I undertake to say that when
the Senator speaks for the Democratic free States,
he has no right to speak for one as holding the
doctrines he has here maintained, and that is the
State I represent. I believe that State, and the
Democratic party of that State, will stand by the
constitutional rights of all the States, Noith or
South. That is the view I had when i voted for
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, that it did protect the
rights, under the Constitution, to be interpreted
by the Supreme Court, of the citizens ot all the
States within the Territories.
Mr. HUNTER obtained the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course I shall not ask the
Senator to give way. I wish to reply to the Sen-
ator from California after you get through.
Mr. HUNTER. It is with extreme reluctance
that I say a woid on this subject so unhappily
sprung up on the appropriation bill, of which 1
stand here as the guardian, a very insufficient one
as it seems; but the course of the debate has made
it necessary for me, in my own vindication, to
say a word or two in regard to this Nebraska-
Kansas act.
I differ from the Senator from Illinois in regard
to the bill, the history of its inception, and what
was intended by it. As I understand it, we stood
in this position: the southern Senators, I believe,
almost without an exception, who spoke upon
that question—I know I did for one, as I have
always done from the time I first made my ap-
pearanceon this floor—maintained that the South
had the right, under the Constitution, of protec-
tion of this property in the Territories; on the
other hand, Senators from the free States denied
that right. None of them would vote to give it to
us; but there were a portion of the northern De-
mocracy who were willing to do this: they were
willing to repeal the Missouri restriction, and es-
tablish a territorial government there. A bill was
immediately drawn which left this right to the
Territories to legislate for the prohibition of sla-
very in abeyance. It neither affiimed nor dis-
affirmed the power of the Territorial Legislature
to legislate upon this subject of slavery; but it
provided very carefully and cautiously that any
question arising out of it might be referred to the
judiciary. As a proof of it, I will refer to some
remarks I made myself upon that occasion. In
the speech that I delivered then, I said:
u But n has been often said brthose who admit that Con-
gress has the power ot governing the Termors, that u is
a powor to be exorcised, not in reference to the lights of the
States, but m reierence to the good and welfare of the peo-
ple of the Territories. Now, n in exercising this power we
arc to be confined to the single consideration ot the good
and welfare ofthe people ofthe Territoues, then, I say, the
whole subject of government ought to be ielt to ihe people
of the Temtones. That is the tiue American principle If
the only consideration which it> to apply to their Govern-
ment be the good and welfaie of the people of the Ternto
nes, then they ought to determine all questions; in regard to
their demesne institutions and laws. J3uf, in my opinion,
the government of the^e Territories ought to he ndimms
tered with the double object ol secuung the lights of the
States as well a- those ot the people ofthe Territories, and
to these hut should be given all the lights o| sell govern-
ment which an; consistent with Ihe limitation, that they
shall not interfere with the equal i ights o! the States, oi vio
late the piuvisnms ot the Cou.-lituiioii Willi those limna
tions, all the power that eotild possibly be given to the people
ot that Territory, ought to be given to them. Ail that por
tion ofthe powet which is to be e\eici>ed with a view to
their iruerc^ta, ought to bo o\erci -cd as they wish it. That,
in my opinion, i^ t! e true principle.
" I know we have most high,distinguished,and respectable
authority tor the opinion that the people oi the Tei ritories
have a <ort of natural right to exeioi-e all power within
those Terntorie>. Jt i* riot mv purpose to rai>e an issue
upon that question. I do not mean to aigue it. I do not
wish to rai!-e an issue with the friend-' ot this bill, wuh
those whom I am assisting, and who are a-sMing me, to
pass this measure Nor will I do it unle-s it should be ab-
solutely neees.saiy, which is not now the case. Foi, hap
pi!v, the bill i« ^0 framed that it can be maintained, not
only by thn*e who enteitain Mich opinions as I have refer-
red to, but by those, also, who entei tain opinions like my
own. The bill ptovules that the Lcgt-latuie-. of these Ter-
ritories shall have the powei to legislate over all iighuul
subjects of legislation. eoiiHstentlv wuh the Constitution.
And it thev should assume poweis which are thought to be !
iiieonj-jsteiit with the Constitution, the courts will decide
that que.stion, whenever it ma\ be rai?e<K There ^ u (hf
feience of opinion among-t the fnends «>t this mea-uie, as
to the extent ot the limits which the Constitution imposes
upon llit-' Territorial Legislature*. This#bil! "piopose-. to
leave these differences to the decision of the courts. To
that mhunal I am willing to leave this decision, a- it was
once before proposed to be left, by the cetebiated compro
mise ot the Senator from DeJawate, (Mi Clayton.) a tneas-
uie which, aceoidtng to my understanding, was the best
compromise which was offered upon tln-> subject of slavery.
I say, then, that I am willing to leave this point, upon
which the friends of this bill aie at difference, to ihe decis-
ion of the courts."—appendix to Cons,rc--vov(d Globe,
Thirty Third Congress,firU session, pages 323, '2'M.
The case then stood thus: whilst the southern
men maintained on one side (and I was amongst
! them) that they hud the right to the protection of
! their property under the Constitution, those from
j the fiee States maintained the opposite opin-
1 ion. There could have been no accord between
| them on that point; but the southern men, with
; some objection and reluctance, in order to har-
| momze, did agree, as the only mode of getting the
i Missouri compromise repealed, if the Territorial
i Legislature attempted to exeicise the power, that
i the court should decide; and this they could do
! with perfect consistency, because they provided
i that whatever powers were delegated to the Ter-
' ntorial Legislature should be exercised under the
i Constitution. In their opinion, the Constitution
! not only prohibited Congress from delegating a
i power to abolish slavery to the Territories, but
| from exercising it itself. Whilst they maintained
that Congress had the power to govern in the
[ Territories, they maintained that there was an ob-
ligation on Congiess, imposed by the equality of
I the Slates, that they should not prohibit the in-
! stitutions of one State while they allowed those
' of another; and that was the mode in which it
was passed. The bill in itself was, in my opin-
ion, acompromisein which neithersacrificed prin-
ciples, but left the whole question in abeyance to
be decided by the courts without taking from
Congress the power to resume jurisdiction, if they
should choose to do so afterwards. They re-
tained as much good as they could without rais-
ing those questions upon which there could have
been no accord of opinion.
Now, sir, I say it never was understood, so far
as I had anything to do with the bill, by the
southern men who maintained the class of opin-
ions of which I am speaking, that they were con-
ferring on the Territorial Legislature the absolute
power to deal with this subject. They did not; but
they were secured to vote for a bill which would
organize a Territorial Legislature which should
leave this question in abeyance, and this bill de-
cided nothing, but only provided that the ques-
tion should go to the courts, to be decided under
that jurisdiction;
Nor did the bill, although everybody consented
to strike out the phrase to which the Senator
from Illinois alludes—nor did the bill ever mean
to say that Congress absolutelygave up jurisdic-
tion over the subject. Inasmuch as it was a
common point which accomplished good, which
repealed what all the branches of the Democracy
thought unconstitutional—the Missouri compro-
mise—they passed a bill which did that, without
deciding absolutely on other differences of opin-
ion, but meiely providing a tribunal to decide
them when they should eome up.
Having said so much, which bare and absolute
justice required of me—I mean justice to myself
and to those with whom I acted—particulaily to
the memory of the distinguished Senator from
South Carolina, (Mr. Butler,) now no more, with
whom I had many anxious conferences on this
subject, I will pass to the other matter, which, [
acknowledge, weighs heavily upon me; and that
is, to ask how long shall we continue this discus-
sion, which does not belong to the bill undercon-
sideration? I know the Senator from Illinois said
the Committee on Finance introduced it. I stated
yesterday evening why it was done. They sup-
posed , upon reflection, that it might be thought un-
just to the Territory, whilst this statute remained,
not to give it a chance of showing that it had the
requisite number to entitle it to admission. The
moment we found that another view was taken,
we offered, if the unanimous consent of the Senate
could be given, to withdraw the amendment; be-
cause, for one, I was doubtful about it from the
beginning; but I was not allowed to do So, for the
purpose, i presume, of getting up this discussion.
Surety it has lasted long enough; and 1 hope we
shall be permitted to go on wuh the bill. I do
not wish from this to preclude the Senator from
Illinois from answering anything that may be per-
sonal to himself; but after that. I will appeal to the
Senate to let us vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have but a word or two to
say m reply to the Senator from California. He
has taken it upon himself to say that he does not
believe that any Senator voted for the Kansas-
Nebraska bill on the construction put upon it by
me.
Mr. GWIN. I said not a member on this floor
now here, voted for it; and I call on them to speak
for themselves
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not know by that gen-
eral statement what particular quibbles thore may
be in the language used; but I do say that the
records show a concurrence of sentiment, on the
original passage of the Nebraska bill, in the views
that I expressed, so far as the power ofthe Territo-
rial Legislature is concerned; that we conferred the
whole power on the Tenitorial Legislature, sub-
ject to appeal to the Supreme Couit, but not with,
an appeal to Congress to repeal the local legisla-
tion. I do not understand any gentleman to say
now that he voted for that bill with the under-
standing that it was the duty of Congress to inter- •
fere and repeal the territorial laws, and pass others
in their place, instead of appealing to the courts to
determine their validity under the Constitution.
I would like to hear each Senator speak for him-
self on this point. I do not believe that Senators
are prepared to say that such was their under-
standing when the Nebraska bill passed, nor that
they will now vote for an act to repeal the eman-
cipation act recently passed by Kansas, and to
substitute a slave code 111 its place. Let such a
