176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22.
to leave their families and firesides, and to protect
the frontier. They did so. They met the enemy,
and they did not surrender.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from Ohio allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Certainly.
M r. WASHBURN, of Maine. If, as T under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio to say, he only
desired to have equal justice done, I wish to ask
him what he thinks of his equal justice when he
gives a pension to the soldier of the war of 1812,
who has been out for sixty days, fifty dollars a
year, and gives nothing to the soldier of the war
of the Revolution, who has Deen out a hundred
days ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would do all that I have
eaid to my friend there, [Mr. Lovejoy.] Give
me the chance, and I will do equal justicc to all.
Has the gentleman from Maine brought forward
a bill fortbe purpose he suggests? Has my friend
offered or advocated such a measure? If not,
why does he ask me to do so ? 1 tell him to deal
out even-handed justice, and whenever he pro-
poses such a measure I will sustain him in it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would ask
my friend from Ohio'whether or not he voted
against the demand for the previous question yes-
terday in order to enable the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] to introduce his amendment,
which would have put the soldiers of the war of
1812 on precisely the same footing as the soldiers
of the Continental line?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Let me say to my friend
most unequivocally, that it was out of the power
of my colleague lo put the soldiers of the war of
3812 upon an equal footing with the soldiers of
the war of the Revolution. Lot thegentieman re-
member that tlie soldiers of the Revolution waited
only thirty-six years, while we have waited for
nearly half a century. There were then a great
portion of those soldiers living; while, with the
exception of the gentleman behind me [Mi'.Gran-
cjkii j and General Cass and myself, 1 hai dly know
one ot* the soldiers of the war ot 1HP2 in the city.
A Mkmrhk. There are plenty of them.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My fiiend says theic are
a plenty of them; I am gjud of it,; I hope they will
live forever. Cut, sir, I will not continue this
d iseus'sion. i only wished to reply to the assaults
upon the sold lei s of tin1 war of 18P2.
Mt. LOVEJOY. Ilmve not assailed the roi-
diers of the war of or the soldiers of the war
of 117(5. 1 simply assailed the system. The gen-
tleman says that this is not the inauguration of a
new policy. I think he is mistaken thoie. We
have, aside from this hill, already pensioned in-
valids; we, have pensioned eveiy class who have
l eceived any injury m the militni y service; but it
cannot, bo found m the history of the entire world,
so far as 1 know, that any nation has ever pen-
sioned soldiers who were well.
Mr. ULiiSS. I rise to a question of order. The
gentlenirtii is not discussing the bill before the
committee. I
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is no order of the ;
House that I should not.
Tie' CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands it |
to bethe unbroken custom in theCommittee of (he ;
Whole on the state of the Union to discuss any i
measure which the member hawng the floor may !
see fit to discuss. I
Mr. HLISS. I understood that before we came 1
into committee a losolutiou was adopted restuet- ;
ii)ir debate to the bill before the committee.
The ClJ A ULVIAiN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio, tluit a proposition was
made by the gentleman from Missouu, [Mr.
leivuin suggests.; but ob- :
 t entertained
, j such as the i
j' ction h:i\ing been made, it was i,
(ho IJou-o.
Air. }SL1;*JS. Then of course my point of or-
der is not well taken.
Mr. LOVEJOY". I simply want to say that,
so far as my knowledge of the history of the
wotld extends, there is uo precedent for the pen-
sion bill which we have to-day passed. There
is no Government on the face of the globe that
ever pensioned well men, wnh the single excep-
tion of the wai of the Revolution. And the war of
the Revolution is an exceptional case; it stands
ouf separate and distinct, fiom all other wars that
we have ever washed or are likely to wage—sepa-
uite and distinct from the war of 181*2. 1 think
no one is disposed to deny that. And, sir, my
conception of it is, that if we take a stand now,
and refuse to give pensions, we never shall be
troubled with them hereafter. But if we now
give pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812,
we shall have, ere long, to give pensions to the
soldiers of the war with Mexico, the Florida war,
and thus on through all the petty wars that have
been, or may be, waged in the country; and I say
that when once you have established this policy,
there is no Government in the world that can stand
under it. It will break down the mightiest Gov-
ernment on earth. That is my honest conviction.
Now, sir, we hired these soldiers to fight for us,
and paid them all we agreed to; and we paid them
one hundred and sixty acres of land in addition.
Those who were old men at the time of the war
have died, and those who were young men then
you propose to pension. It is a pension to lon-
gevity. And-, more than that, some—most—of
those soldiers who fought in the war of 1812 are
dead, and their widows are dead; and now you
propose to tax the orphan children of those who
were slain to pay General Scott, General Cass,
my venerable friend, and others. Is that justice?
It may be good theology according to the schools,
but it is not good Christianity.
• But, as there was an understanding that this
general debate should not go on upon this bill, I
do not care to continue it now. And 1 close by
saying that if we go on with this insane legisla-
tion, we shall need some eccentric Dean Swift to
bequeath us the means of building a mad-house,
" To show, by one satiric touch,
No nation needed it so much."
The reading of the bill by sections was then
completed.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, the
bill was laid aside to be reported to the House,
with the leconimendation that it do pass.
president's message.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now move that
the annual message of the President be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PllELPS, of Missouri. T offer the follow-
ing resolutions for the reference of the message.
The resolutions were reported,as follows:
]. Resolved, That so much of the annual mo^asc of the
Pie-idetit ol the United States to the two llou-es of Con-
nie--, .u the picscnise.--iou, .is telates to oili loieign ullans,
lojn'Uiei with the aoeoinpattvnig eorte-pondenoe in relation
llu-ieio, and to the elanns of oui citi/ens aaauist tiie Gov-
ernment o! Spam and Mexico, to tl'e uijuiies inliieted on
tlit persons and pmpetty of out citizen0. I>> tho-)o (Jovoin-
ment-. and the manner of iedios ; to an appiopriation tor
the '• Ami->nuP' claimants, and to provision for the piotee-
tion ot om euizcnson the tiaiifot mutes ol'j\in<uiid, Teliuan-
tepee, ;m<] (Villi.il Atnenca, be lelerted to the Couumttee
on Foieitui Allans.
Resulted, That so much of said mosaic and accom-
panying do< umenK ;i- relate-to the financethe public*
debi, a modification ot the tillilT,and the mode ot n>-ess-in<:
ami collecting the i evenue liom eibtoisb, and the j eduction
ol e.Ypendmues, be icteired to the Committee of \Yav  and
Me:tn-
llesolrctf. That, s-o much of said lindane and nccopi-
panvina document* a* lehttes to the Aiiny of the United
Sum -, mid lite piuicetxm ot out titi/.ens on the sonUuve-t-
ern fiontiet, he teiened to the Committee on Mihldiy Al-
lan
-1. lii'sotvrd, That so much of said mc-sa^e and aceom-
pan\niLr document-' as relates to tin* Navy ol the United
States and the inetease of the same, be lotetieu to the Com-
imltee on Naval Alfait.>.
«">. Resolved, That so nuic h of sanl ite's-a-re and accoiu-
panyins; documents as lelatc* to the I'o-t Otiice Depait-
ment, its operation and condition, tlie i.ue.s ot po-taue, to
the (lankini; pmUeife. and to the .'lodilk ation of the law
re«;ulatiu<i the tiari-poiMtion ol mail-, lie letcuort to the
Committee on the Post Oliiee and i'o-l JJoad*.
0. ResoheJ, 'J'n,it so much ot said nie--.t^e and accom-
panying document* us n-iaic* to the public domain and
bounty hind -\-iem. and ih.it the benefits ofotn laud laws
and pieeinphon system be extended to Utah, be reieired to
the Committee on I'ubne I,amis.
7. i 'c sol red. That -.o much of-^aid me^arjo and accompa-
nying document- a- relates toihe'JViisiorie.- o{ the United
Slate-, the establishment of a tenuoiial uovernineiit over
Ai i/,(.na. and the piov j-ion (or a yencial act loi He ad mis •
-ion ol Tetntoncs into the Union a- Slate-, be re'ened to
the Connnitiee on Tenitoue*.
fc' llcsolieJ) That so much ofsae: inc—aszc and accompa-
iv doeumtnt* a'- rehire- to the "iii.-tuef of Cuiuniiii,v3 be
K jened to the Coinimttee for the Di-U let o< CoimnbM.
0. It That so much oi said me-aije and accompa-
nying doi ui!iciit-.h icfers ro the pension .-\siem. lie reforiod
II- in-' C.>mi;mtee on Invalid Pen-io"*
H). Rcsjhcd. 'J'Ji.tt so niueii oi s.ud iru^n^c and accom-
[i ii'j iieidocunti nt- lis refet-i to a modification ot the patent
jaw-, be rcieued to the Commita e on Patents.
11. Jiesolfedy Tu.tt so nuich ot said tnc^sige and accom-
panv mri documents as iclafes to om poliej towaids the In-
dian tubes, be leieucd to tlie Uomnuttec on Indian Afiaita..
1*2 Rci'ilocd, That --o much of said menage and accom-
panying documents as relates to a bankiupt law, applicable
to banking institutions, and the amendment of the act of 3d
March. 1819, be refeired to the Committee on the Judiciary.
13. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to public expenditures, be re-
feired to the Committee on Public Expenditures.
14. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the constiuction of a Pa-
cific radioad, be referred to tlie select committee on that
subject.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have submitted
the resolutions which have been read at the Clerk's
desk, for the purpose of referring the President's
message to the various committees of this House
for their consideration. I do not propose to oc-
cupy any of the time of the House at this mo-
ment, in the discussion of any of the measures
mentioned in the President's annual message, and
I yield the floor to others who desire to occupy it.
Mr. COMINS obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, I de-
sire to give notice that, at the proper time, I shall
offer an amendment to the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, to refer so much of the
President's message as relates to the expenditures
of the various Departments of the Government,
to the appropriate committees, under the 106th
rule of the House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would say that
so far as the expenditures of the various Depart-
ments of the Government are concerned, there is
nothing in the President's message referring to
them specifically. We have a Committee upon
Public Expenditures, who are charged with the
duty of inquiring generally as to the expenditure
of the public money in every branch of this Gov-
ernment. I embrace that subject by referring that
specially to the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures. So far as the expenditures in the Depart-
ments of the Government are concerned, under
our rules, the committee has charge only of the
mere contingent expenses of the Departments.
But there js a conflict with reference to it. I have
no objection, however, to charging the several
committees with the subject.
[The committee informally rose, and received a
message from the Senate, by Asbury Dickins,
their Secretary, informing the House that the
Senate had passed a bill making appropriations
for deepening the channel over the St. Clair flats,
in the State of Michigan; in which he was di-
xected to ask the concurrence of the House.]
Mr. COMINS. Mr. Chairman, I have read the
message of the President, which is now before
Congress and the country, with great care,and
considerable solicitude. There is much in it to
approve, and much to condemn. It is not my pur-
pose, however, to comment at length upon it at
this time, or to review its general features.
The President has acquired the fame of a states-
man, and aspires to the reputation of a just man
and faithful Executive. But, sir, i cannot under-
stand that statesmanship winch fails in all that
which it recommends. He is no farmer who fails
to bung foi th the fruits of the earth; he is no me-
chanic whose every machine faiU in its automatic
powers of action: he is no mei chant who fails in
every enterprise in which he embarks; he is no
navigator who runs his ship upon every shoal; he
is no lawyer whose every opinion is reversed by
the couit. Jjut. he is a just man and good Presi-
dent, whose Administration comprehends the in-
terest of the whole people, and secures to the in-
dividual citizen his rights, whether founded in
equity or in law. I have looked in vain, in the
message of the President, to find any recommend-
ation to Congress to do justice to American^citi-
zens, who have claims against their own Govern-
ment.
The President is extremely solicitous that Con-
gressshould promptly reimburse Spanish citizens
ior losses sustained m the Amistad case; he is ex-
tremely urgent that duties unjustly exacted from
American vessels at different custom-houses m
Cuba should be refunded; he would make war
upon Spain for deferred justice to claimants upon
that Government; lie earnestly recommends Con-
gress to assume a protectorate over Mexico for
its delinquencies to our people, but says nothing
upon the delinquencies of our own Government;
he says nothing upon the duty of our own Gov-
ernment to pay to its own citizens claims emi-
nently just a«4 legal; and whether exacted by an
unscrupulous department, or upon the technical
ruling of the tribunal. Sir, I do not care espe-
