178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
In 1854, Mr. Wentworth, of Massachusetts,
from the Committee on Commerce, reported a bill
directing that there.should be paid, without in-
terest, to J>%thaniel Goddard, William Parsons,
Thomas H. Perkins, and their assistants, own-
ers of ship Ariadne, or to their legal representa-
tives, the amount of the proceeds of said ship and
cargo which had been paid into the Treasury of
the United States. This bill, not having been
reached in the House, and the Court of Claims
having been organized, it was, with a mass of pe-
titions and papers, by a resolution of the House,
referred to the Court of Claims. Judge Black-
ford gave, as the opinion of the court, that the
case be reported back to Congress as one in which,
on the face of the petition, the claimants had no
legal demand against the United States, but it was
one that addiesscs itself entirely to the discretion
of Congress.
And, sir, it is to the discretion, to the judgment,
and to the justice of Congress, that I now appeal.
As a principle of right, of justice, and of equity,
I appeal to this House to give this matter its most
careful consideration. *
Mr. Chairman, the projectors #of the Ariadne
enterprise are gone. Of the seven or eight Boston
merchants engaged in that act of humanity and
philanthropy, only one (Samuel May) now lives.
After a career of usefulness and of honor, thoy
have all but one passed away. But their legal
representatives are before yon. The distinguished
lawyers and statesmen to whose authority 1 have
referred, are, too, gone. But where is the public
faith ? Has the good faith of Government gone ?
If Pinkney has passed away, are there no more
Pinkneys? If Cuuvford is gone, have we not the
descendants of that illustrious statesman to echo
within this Hall the appeals* forjustice which fell
from his lips ? If l4owndos no linger lives to stir
Congress and tin* country to a sense of duty, with
his eloquent voice, have we not those who repre-
sent the principles of justice, of equity, and of
right, which he represented? Sn, the mora! sense
and just expectations of the people have been too
long outraged by the neglect of their representa-
tives to faithfully investigate, or to investigate at
all, the private claims which are referred to them
for their consideration. Individual members of
committees give much time and labor to these
things; as much, pel haps, as it is possible for them
to do. They examine into facts and make elab-
orate reports; but often, too often, the leaves of
those reports remain uncut, and the bills which
accompany them are never read, but die upon the
Calendar.
Mr. Chairman, the case .of Nathaniel and ben-
jamin Goddard has been before Congress a long
"time; but it is none the less just. Peihaps there
is no material interest which receives greater neg-
lect at the hands of Congress than the commei-
ciai. Yet, next to agriculture, commerce is the
national occupation of our people, it k the source
from which the nation ch-rive^ its revenues, (he
great agent fot the advancement of civilization
and the foundation of einpJie. The names of Per-
kins, of Parsons, ofGoddard,and others attached
to the original petition for this claim, are among
the pioneer merchants of our country; there are
few who inherit their virtues or their enterprise.
It is to the bold and dauntless courage of such
that our commerce whitens every sea; through
their enterprise the hidden treajures of the world
have been developed- the riches of tropical climes
brought to our donrs, and oriental luxuries laid at
our fret. From revenues from their richly-laden
ships, has Government filled its coffer5*, built its
fortifications, created its navies, maintained its
armies, and supported the civil list. And yet,
Mr. Chairman, theie is no class of men who are
more hampeied and embarrassed with Govern-
ment interference and unjust laws.
Sir, I cannot but indulge the hope that this
House will concui in the views and opinions which
have been expressed, avowed, maintained, and
placed upon record, by the high and disnngnished
authorities to which ( have leferred. It is not in :
evidence that any law has been violated m this ,
case. There may have been negicct through inad- :
vurtence, but certainly not to an extent to justify
a foifeiiure of property. In my judgment, it is 1
wholly incompatible with the dignity and the |
honor of Government to retain in its Treasury ]
money which has fallen into its possession through i
a technical construction of an obscurc law. !
Mr. Chairman, at an early day—to-morrow, if
agreeable—I shall ask the House to take up my
motion to reconsider the vote laying this matter
upon the table; and I hope the honorable gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] who made
the only adverse report which has been made
upon it, wdl concede a reconsideration, that there
may not be a contested vote upon it. I ask that
the case maybe carefully examined by the House;
and, whatever may be the result, l shall have
done my duty.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish merely to say a few
words in explanation of the report which, as a
member of the Committee of Claims, it was my
duty to make to the House, and to state the
ground upon which that report was predicated.
As I recollect the facts, at this distance of time,
they were substantially these: The ship Ariadne
was captured on her way from Alexandria to Ca-
diz, with a cargo of flour. She was taken before
the district court of Philadelphia, and the capture
was pronounced illegal, and a decision made in
favor of the vessel. An appeal was taken from the
district to the circuit court. The decision was
reversed, and the vessel condemned. That con-
demnation was approved by the Supreme Court
of the United States, upon an appeal taken. The
committcc thought it did not behoove them to call
in question the decision made by that court—a
decision establishing the law of the case, and would
have been content to rest their action upon that
ground alone. They thought it injudicious and
unwise to go behind that decision.
But had they felt at liberty to do so—£hat de-
cision out of the way—the committee thought it
would be impolitic to grant relief in this case for
anotherreason. This American vessel, when cap-
tured, was sailing under a British license. It will
be remembered that we were then at war with
Great Hiitain. Your committee thought if would
he establishing a dangerous precedent to allow
our vessels, in time of war with a foreign mari-
time Power, to take protection under such Power,
implying cither our inability to protect our own
commerce, or a willingness that an intercourse
should be carried on between our own shipping
and the belligerent Power, alike detrimental and
dishonorable, and opening the door to a great
deal of malpractice. In other words, your com-
mittee thought it would be a very dangerous pol-
icy, by alio wing this claim, or by any other action
winch Congress could take, to sanction or toler-
ate a practice such as obtained in this case, of
suffering our vessels ih time of war to sail the
ocean under a license from the enemy. It was in
these two views of the case that your committee
felt constrained to report, as they did report, the
rejection of the claim. And I must be permitted
to sny, my own individual views have not been
changed by the remarks addressed to us, and so
forcibly put, by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, enforced as they have been by a most for-
midable array of great names. It may be my
misfortune to differ in opinion from men so dis-
tinguished, and who do so much honor to our
country; but I must still be permitted to say that
I think the decision of the Committee of Claims
was right. It may have been, and doubtless was,
a haul case upon the owners of the vessel and
cargo; but that is not to the purpose. Every loss
is a hardship, more or less severe. The parties
in this instance, probably, supposed they were
making their assurance doubly sure, relying upon
their ihigas a protection from American cruisers,
and upon their license as a protection from those
of Great Britain; but they were mistaken. Their
vessel, with the cargo, was captured and con-
demned. They had violated the law, ignorantly,
perhaps; still there seems to be no valid reason
why we should interpose between them and the
penalty, and many grave and weighty why we
should not.
Mr. COMINS. In reply to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynaiid,] I will say that it is
a well known and historical tact that, during the
war with Great Britain, in 1^12, the inhabitants of
Cadiz, Lisbon, and the neutral ports of the whole
peninsula, received a large portion of their supplies
of breadstulfs from the United States, owned by
American citizens, transported in Amerian ves-
sels, and withoutmolestation. And if he will refer
to the record, he will find more than fifty cases in
which forfeitures which have been decreed by the
Supreme Court have been remitted by Congress.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
I desire to submit some remarks upon our Cen- «
tral American affairs, but as there seems to be a
disposition on the part of members to rise, I will
ask leave to print my remarks, if there be no ob-
jection.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the gentleman can have permission to publish his
remarks. Is there any objection to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from New York ?
There was no objection.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
during the first week of this session the resolu-
tion on the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, which had
been reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, was recommitted to the Committee of
the Whole for the purpose of further debate. On
this'subject I desire to offer a few remarks. Ex-
isting difficulties give this resolution more than
ordinary importance. "We have been seriously
embarrassed by the course England has thought
proper to adopt in Central American affairs, and
especially in her interpretation of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. It now becomes important for
us to decide whether the treaty shall be abrogated
by the consent of the parties, or whether we shall
insist upon its observance according to our inter-
pretation of it. Certainly, there is one point on
which all agree—and that is, that the present con-
dition of affairs cannot, and should not, be per-
mitted to continue. The reputation of our Gov-
ernment requires a final settlement of these diffi-
culties. Either the treaty must be abrogated, or
England be compelled to observe its stipulations.
The construction of this treaty, and the manner
of carrying out its stipulations, have taxed the
eneigy and skill of our best and mostdistinguished
diplomats, during a period of seven years. While
we have gained nothing, but lost much by this
delay, England has used the time in strengthening
her island posts in the Caribbean sea, in culti-
vating a better understanding with the Central
American States, and in forming alliances? by
which she hopes to enforce her own interpreta-
tion of the treaty, or at least avoid the duty
imposed upon her.
Our misunderstanding with England has pre-
vented us from adjusting our relations with the
Central American States; has kept our unsettled
and unsatisfactory accounts with them in a state
of suspension; and thus has forced us into the
humiliating position of seeing our rights with-
held and our citizens unprotected. We cannot
continue in this position with honor. We may
be, and undoubtedly are, deeply interested in the
Isthmus routes, in which we ask no advantage
over the other civilized nations; but we are in-
finitely more interested in keeping our treaty stip-
ulations, and in compelling other nations to keep
theirs with us. In the first instance agreatcom-
mercial route is involved; but, in the latter, the
honor, if not. the existence of the Government,
depends. If we have no power to enforce the
observance of our treaty stipulations, our position
is not only humiliating, but dangerous.
It has been said in England, and by English
statesmen, that our difference is one of interpre-
tation only, in which all parties may be equally
honest. It is true that nations may honestly dif-
fer in the construction of language and the inter-
pretation of treaties; but it can scarcely be the
case in (his instance. The language of the treaty
does not admit of a doubt. It is clear, distinct,
and comprehensive; it meets the points specific-
ally and by general implication. But, independ-
ent of its clear language, we have conclusive evi-
dence of its meaning m the acts of the English
Government. The first article of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty is in the following language:
"The Governments of the United States and Great
Britain liciehy declare, that neither the one nor the other
will ever obtain or maintain foi itself any exclusive con-
not over tlie ^aid ship-canal; agreeing that neither will
ever erect or maintain any foitilieatioiis, commanding the
same, or in the vicinity iheieof, oi occupy, or fortify, or
colonize, or assume, or exeicise, any dominion over-Niea-
raeua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any part of Cen-
tral America; nor will either make use of any protection
which either aiFords or may aiFoid, or any alliance which
eitlver has or may have to or with any State or people, for
the purpose of erecting or colonizing Nicaiayna, Costa
Kica, tne Mosquito coast, or any part of Central Amenca,
or of assuming or exercising dominion over ihc same; nnr
will the United States or Great Britain take any advantage
of any intimacy, or use any aihanee, connection, or influ-
ence, thai either may possess,with any State or Government
through whose teintory the said canal may pass, for the
