1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
what I say to be true, and no person can contia-
diet it.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will not occupy the time
of the Senate further now, but 1 will try to get'
the debates of the convention.
Mr. GWIN. I wish you would.
Mr. BEN'JAMIN. Before my friend from
Michigan proceeds, I desire to read a line from a
speech of mine by way of explanation. The
Senator from Illinois has quoted a passage of a
speech that I delivered in the Senate some two
years ago,, and as he did not quite quote the en-
tire passage, I desire to read a sentence or two
beyond what he quoted, for tlie purpose of show-
ing the position that I took at that time. 1 said:
<• There is the Kansas bill. Therefote, when I advocate
this lull among my people at home, conscious that tiiey
share my confidence in the correctness of the punciples
winch 1 here enunciate, I say to them, m all candor and
sincerity, 4 you aie safe under tins bili.' Let the gentle-
men of the Noith, who profess an < qua! confidence in what
tliey believe to he constitutional punciples on tin#! subject,
go to the same tribunal, and follow the example, winch
the South has ever set them, of being a l<uv-abi(lmir and
law-ob-'Gi viiiii people, and tin < question will then be finally
setiled by a tnbunal liom winch none of us will attempt an
appeal."
It was then considered that this was to be con-
clusive. Nobody anticipated at the time, that after
this final settlement, an attempt would be made
to legislate in opposition to the principle settled
by the Supreme Court; and of course no member
from the South could, for a moment, have enter-
tained the idea of the Senator from Illinois, that
the people of the Territory, after the decision of
the question in favor of the Souih, should have
the right to legislate in opposition to the principle
thus guarantied.
Mr, STUART. Mr. President, I regret very
much that this subject has been introduced into
the Senuteatali,and more especially thatitshould
have been introduced at this late period of the
session, when we ought to he engaged in passing
those laws which aie indispensable to keep the
wheels of Government in motion. But, sir, it so
happens that the most disputatious questions are
brought before the Senate without regard to time,
and without regard to their application to the sub-
ject under consideration, and they are discussed
mainly by two or three individuals. This debate
has opened the whole subject of the political com-
plexion of the Democratic party throughout the
country, and I intend to follow it up; I intend to
put the question here to-day, whether those who
claim to belong to the Dcmociatic party mean to
stand upon its platform and abide its principles
or not? i
Sir, the history of this question is one fruitful j
of inquiry. The Senator from Mississippi j Mr. !
Davis] has referred to the early history of the
country. With the exception of the Missouri
difficulty, we went on for more than half a cen-
tury without any difficulty on the subject of
slavery. We went on until the fiameis of the
Constitution were dead, and were succeeded by
generation after generation, who had the wisdom,
as the framers themselves had, to let this question
alone; but at a later period—for the last ten or
fifteen years, if you find an ambitious man in the
country—ambitious, I mean, to occupy the highest
office of the country—he seizes this question as
the one that is to carry him into power; he takes
one or the other side of it, either pro-slavery or
anti-slavery, as the great shibboleth of himself and
his party.
Sir, if we would recur to the wisdom of our
fathers, to the wisdom of the older if not the abler
members of the Democratic party, we would shun
all discussion of this question as long as it was
possible to do so. If there is a subject in the whole
range of politics, in the whole range of the insti-
tutions of this country, which, of all others, should
be let alone by a man who desires popukuuy, it
is the question of slavery; and yet, you cannot
discuss the smallest matter in Congress but that
some member presses it in befoie you.
In for I intend to refer somewhat to the
history of this matter, the two great parlies of the
country, then m existence, came to the solemn
conclusion m their national conventions to let it
alone m the halls of Congress. They passed solemn
resolutions of non-niteivenuon, and the country
accepted the proposition. North and South, East
and West, agieed that non-intervention in Con-
gress should he the rule of action. Now, I want
to know from the Senator from Mississippi, or the
Senator from Alabama, or any other Senator who
claims to belong to the Democratic party, whether
he intends to stand by the creed and the platform
of the party ? What is it? Non-intervenuon by
Congress with slavery in the Territories in any
form, and under any pretext. That is the doc-
trine.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know whether I under-
stand what the Senator from Michigan means by
non-intervention. I have stated to-day that it
changed its phase so often that I could not keep
the run of it.
Mr. STUART. Well, sir. we need not have
any misunderstanding about it. We can easily
refer to the platform itself. I call the attention of
Senators to the emphasis of the language:
"That we reiterate with renewed energy of puipose the
Weil considered declarations or lotmei conventions upon
the sectional i^ue of domestic slaveiy, and concerning the
leserved tights of the States:
" 1. Thai Con<*re?.s has no power under the Constitution
to mteifcre with 01 control the domestic institutions ot the
seveial States, and that Mich States ai e the sole and pioper
judges of everything appei taumijz to their affurs not piolnb-
ited by the Constitution ; th.it aii'efloit->of the Abohttoms's
and oiheis made to induce Con<iref-s to mtei tere with ques-
tions of slavery, or to take incipientsteps in relation thei em,
aie calculated to lead to the mo-t alarming and dangeious
consequences, rind that all -uch effuits have .in inevitable
tendency to diminish the happiness wf the people anil eiulan-
gei the stability and poimaitence of the Union, and ought
not to be countenanced by any fuend of our political insti-
tutions:."
There is no misunderstanding that.
"2. That lite foiegoing pioprisilion covers, and was in-*
tended to embince. the whole subject of -lavei y agitation in
Congre^; and, theiefoie, the Demociatic party of the
Union, standing on (Ins national platform, will abide by.and
adhcieto, a faithful execution of the acts known as the
compromise mea-uK>, settled by the Confess ot 1&30, the
act loi icclaimmg fugitives fiom seivice or labor included,
which act, being designed to cariy out an express piovi-ion
of the Constitution, cannot, with fidelity thereto, he re-
pealed or &o changed as to dos-tioy oi impau its efficiency."
There is no misunderstanding that.
u 3. That the Demociatic puny will legist all attempts at
icnewnig in Congress, oi oui oi it, the agitation ot the sla-
veiv queMmn. under whatever shape oi color the attempt
m;iy he made "
That is very explicit.
"That the Democratic party will faithfully abide by and
uphold the principles laid down in the Kentucky and Vir-
ginia resolutions of 1798, and the report ol Mi. Madison to
the Viiginirf Legislatuie, &c
"And that we may moie distinctly meet the issue on
which a sectional paifv, subsisting exclusively on slaveiy
agitation, now iches to te,-t the ndehty ot the people, Noitli
and South, to the Constitution ami tin1 Union—
'< Resolved, That, claiming fellowship with, and denning
the coopeiation of, ail who icgaid the pro-eivation of the
Union, undei the Constitution, as the paramount s^ue, and
repudianng all Mjctional p<utu:< and plati'onns concerning
domestic slavery, which seeks to eininotl the State* and
incite to tieason and armed resistance to law in liie Tern-
toi ie^, and who-e avowed pm po*e«, it' consummated, must
end in civil wai and disunion, the American Deniociaev
recognize and adopt the punciples. contained in the oigauic
law establishing the Tcnnorivs of Kan^a-* and Nebia.-ka,
a* embodying the only sound and sale solution ot the t la
veiy question upon which the gieat liauonal idea of the
people of this whole country can repose in its determined
conservatism ot the Union—non inieiierence by Congicss
with slaveiym States and Ten itouc<. (oi in the Duto'ci of
Columbia;] that this was the basis of the compiomises of
1850, confiimed b> both the LH moci.it;c and Whig pained
in national conventions, latified by the people in the elec-
tion of 1832, and lightly applied to the organization of Ter-
iitones in 1834; that by the unitoim application ot this Dem-
ociatic pnnciplc to the oigarnzatlon oi Teiritories and the
admission of new States, with or without domestic slavejy,
a-j they may elect, the equal rights of all the Slates will be
preserved intact, the ougnuil compacts of tin* Constitution
maintained inviolate, and the pei petuation and espaiision
of this Union itemed to its utmost capacity of embracing,
tu peace and harmony, eveiv juiui# Ametican State that
may be constituted or annexed wnh a republican lorin of
government.5'
Now, sir, if that platform means anything, it
means that the Democratic party, in national con-
vention, agreed that the agitation of slavery in
Congress, under any pretext or for any purpose,
should not be countenanced by Democrat*; (hat
they would stand by the settlement of 1650 and
18.34; and that the ptinciple of the settlement was
non-mtei vention by Congress. I have said it is
ft uitAil of advantage to us to look to the history
of the country to see how v/e stand.
The compromise of 3850 was accepted North
and South Can you point to the Democrat in
the northern States who has not boldly, honestly,
unswervingly advocated it before the people at
every election canvass without any qualification,
without any reservation, with no cxptession of
his individual opinions' He has had no merited
reservations; he has sought to rally the people of
his State or district upon the creed of the party,
and upon that alone. Can that be said of the
South? What has been the result of this great
controversy? Almost every man of prominence
in the northern States has been cut down; and
cut down—why? Because the creed of the party
was wrong? No, sir; not because an argument
could be made against the doctrines of the party,
but because our opponents could point to southern
papers advocating extreme opinions at war with
the principles of the party; because they could
point to southern statesmen and politicians advo-
cating principles at war with the creed of the party;
and claim that that was the intention of the party,
and not the platform itself. That is the reason;
and, as men belonging to the Democratic party
have fallen, man after man, in the warfare in the
northern States, they have been built up and
strengthened in the South; and you can scarcely
point to a district in the South this day that is not
represented by a Democrat. In fifteen States you
cannot rally a baker's dozen who are not elected
by the Democratic party.
Now, sir, 1 stand here to say that when these
controversies have gone on for ten years with
such fidelity to principle, and with such results,
it is time that southern men abided by the doc-
trines of th<J party, whether they square in all
respects with their individual opinions or not. I
deny that any man has a right to state what the
cieed of the party is, except the party in national
convention assembled. When laid down there,
it controls you and me, sir, politically. Are you
willing to abide by u ? Will you stand by non-
intervention by Congress or not? Gentlemen re-
member well the years of controversy that grew
out of the question whether Congress had any
power over the subject m the Teintoiies or not.
The present Secretaiy of Slate, the then great
leader of the party, denied that Congress had any
power whatevei over the question of slavery in
the Tenltories, to establish, abolish, or protect
it. Many gentlemen thought otherwise. Among
that number was my humble self. The Supreme
Court, in the Died Scott case, have decided other-
wise; but does that alter our action ? Does that
alter the action of any Democrat m this country?
iflheieis honor among men, it is faithfully to
abide by the doctrines and principles of the party.
It had been ascertained in 1850, that the com-
plexion of opinion on this subject was as various
as men aie numerous; that there was no such
thingas coming toa conclusion m the Democratic
party upon what was the true law of the question
under the Constitution, and that was the reason
why we agieed to let it alone; to take it out of a
place wheie we nevet could settle if, and refer it
to a tnbunal where it could and would be settled
whenever the case arose.
Now, after ten years of controversy, after ten
years of the hardest fought political battles that
have ever been seen m any country; after the
Senator from Illinois has gone tinough a success-
ful canvass, which surpasses anything that ever
occurred in the history of the woild, we are to be
blown clear out of the water, it seems, on the
question of what we would do if the cat was here
to doctor; what sort of medicine we would ad-
minister, provided we had the animal here, and
he was sick. Sir, that does not become men wno
wish to sustain the party and the Confederation.
I can sit by, under ordinary circumstances, and
hear my opinions and my acts denounced, with
as much complacency as any other man; but
when I am told io advocate the doctrines of the
Democratic party as I have done, through good
and evil report, and, as I have said, without res-
ervation or qualification; without ever having
announced my own opinion; when I am told that
that course ot conduct is no better than that of an
Abolitionist, politically, I resist it; and upon the
principle of Hodenek Dhu, I right the wrong
where it is given, though it were in the courts of
hea\en. 1 say again, I want to know of these
gentlemen whether they intend to abide by the
doctrines of the Democratic party es laid down
at Baltimore and Cincinnati, oi not. h they do
not, it will be little difficult to understand who is
in and who is out of the boundaries of the Dem-
ocraticpaity. A man has a right to Ins opinions;
they are conferred upon him by the gieat Author
of all thiols; he has a right to entertain them and
exercise them; but he has no right to claim to be
in a church, and repudiate its creed.
Now, sir, I think, and I intend to express that
