1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
eippi, [Mr. Davis,] by defining what he un-
derstood to be meant by non-inteiferenee, he
would have saved me, perhaps, the necessity of
making any explanation whatever. But, sir, I
shall be brief; and I shall be candid in defining
what I understand by the doctrine of non-inter-
ference, and what I supposed was the construc-
tion and intention of those who passed the com-
promise measures of 1850. I understand that it
pjedged Congress neither to legislate to establish
nor to piohibit slavery within the Teiritories.
To that doctrine I subscribe to-day; but I cannot
go with the Senator, when he goes so far as to
maintain that it ties up the hands of Congress,
and takes from Congress all power to protect
property guarantied by the Constitution and the
decisions of the Supreme Court. If he mean to
say, that by this doctrine of non-intervention the
Democratic party in Congress is pledged to hold
its hands and sit stiil, and see squatter sover-
eignty prevail so far as to destroy rights not
created, but sustained, by the Constitution, then
I differ with him. I do not maintain or believe
that it was intended, in declaring that Congress
would intervene neither to establish nor prohibit,
that it was intended thereby to abdicate, on the
part of Congress, the right and the duty to pro-
tect rights of property. I could never sustain
such a doctrine as that, without stultifying my-
self, and surrendering the rights of the people
whom I represent; and that doctrine I never will
sustain.
Sir, what is this Government worth, what is
any Government worth, that does not piotect
rights of property' Will the Senator maintain i
that the Government shall stand idly by and see j
our property taken from us m violation of law, m ,
violation of the decisions of our courts, in viola- !
tion of the Constitution itself? 1 think not, and :
to that extent I will not go; but I will sustain the i
pledge given in the platform so far as it declates .
that Congiess will not intervene to establish or ,
to prohibit; and that was the language, as I mi- ]
deistood, of the eoiupiomise measuiesoi Idol). I i
do not understand that the Demociatic paity is !
pledged to suffer a Territorial Legislature to m- !
fnnge rights of property existing in the several .
States of the Union. Ky no means. Accoiding i
to my reading of the platform from which the
Senator quoted, the power of the Territory is
clearly defined in respect to the prohibition or the
establishment of slavery; it is in a section which
he did not read, m winch it is declared that—
" We ieco<inizw the light of the people of all thf Teriito- [
iiof. including Kant-a? and Nchtas-ka. acting tluniiiili ilio !
legally and (an h evpte-swl will oi a nnsjonrj oi actual it's i
idi'Dt-, ami \\ henewr the mimbei of then inhabitant* jn--
title* it, lo foim a cotK.ituuon. with oi wuhout dome-tie 1
Mnveiy. ami he udimtteii into ihe Uinon upon teund oi per- 1
tact equality with oiliei Saue~."
Thoie, sir, is declared when they may take
away the risjht to carry and hold sSaves'theie—I
when thev liave a sufficient number of people to ;
form a constitution: and when they do so, to that 1
docmne I adhere to-day, and beyond tnat i will
not go.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I shall occupy 1
the time oi the Senate for a very few minutes; !
and indeed, sir, 1 regret the necessity of saying
anything on this occasion.
I think it was on the 9d of July, 1856, about j
siv o Vlock in the mommy, when the Senator from ,
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] proposed an amendment
to what was known as the Toombs bill, in which ,
this qiie.-Mion of the power of a Territorial Legis- >
laluie over the subject of slavery was raised, and
' for the fn^t time piesented to my mind for prac- '
ticalconsideration. His amendment was in ten tied
to define the view of Congies-, mi the subject.
On that occasion I expressed the opinion that,
by the Kansas and Nehtaska policy, the whole
oaes'ton of slavery in the Territoues h.ad been
nff-rred to the people, and that they, through a
proper law-making power, could contu-1 the sub-
ject; but at the same tune, i held, as I believe it '
iual r;eee almost universally In id by the friends
of the Kansas policy, that the question was a
policial one; that 11 v,\iS not one for congressional
decision; th.it it mu^t lie decided by the Supieme
Couit of the United States, and not by Congress,
that Congress hod eontVrred upon the people
what eve 1 t tower H possessed over the subject nn-
d<r 1 tie Constant 'on: that, as to tlv language of '
the Kiviisas-Nebiasku aft, there could be no dif- '
feroiicc of opinion; it was explicit; and the only p
question left for decision was, what measure of
power does Congress possess? That question
wa^necessarily a judicial one; and that was the
very question, together with that of the rights of
slave owners in the Te- ritories, which it had.been
agreed should be taken from Congress and referred
to the courts.
I was among those who held the opinion that
the people of a Territory, through their local
Legislature, under the language of the Kansas
law, had the power, if not the right, to control
the question of slavery. I say poioery if not tfte
because there is a clear distinction between
the right and power of a people. They may have
the power to do that which it is not their right to
do; and in this connection that distinction be-
comes important; for I take it, the question under
discussion is more one of legal right, than one of
the power of a majority, or the power of a peo-
ple.
There is certainly a very clear distinction be-
tween intervention by Congress to establish or
abolish slavery in a Territory, or, if you please,
to influence, in any way, the question of its expe-
diency, and the exercise of the power of Con-
gress to execute a right established by a decree
of a court. I am against all congressional inter-
ference to cncourage slaveiy, or to extend, or to
restrict, or to maintain the institution against the
will of the people of'u Territory. We have agieed
to leave all questions that may arise as to the in-
stitution m the Territories, to the people and the
courts.
If the rights of any citizen be seriously im-
paiied, his remedy is in the courts, and not in
Congress; hut a question may arise behind all
these, and that is the question of executing an es-
tablished right. There may be a case in which
whatever power remains to Congress should be
exercised to maintain the rights of the citizen as
ascertained by thecuuits. It cannot be denied
that the Senator from Illinois, [Mr Douglas,] at
one tune, entei tamed the opinion that such an oc-
casion might ause; for he held and said that, in
leference to Utah, such an exigency had aiiseu,
and that the law organizing the Temtoiy ought
to be repealed; and theieby he claimed for Con-
gress the highest dewier of power ever pretended
to by Congress; and tins for the leason that the
Moimons would not obey the law or the decis-
ions of the courts. A similar state of facts in any
other Territory might warrant a similar remedy-
Should the Legislature of Kansas confiscate the
pi operty value of the slaves now in the Territory,
and the com is should decide such an act uncon-
stitutional, would the execution of the decision
of tin1 court be called congi essmnal inteivention
foi slavery? Ceitamly not. i claim to stand on
the Democratic plalfoim, its defined at HahnnoiV
and Cincinnati, on the broad doctnneor non in-
tervention by Congress m the matter of slavesy;
hut i cannot close my eyes to the distinction
between the action of Congress to encourage a
policy, and the maintenance of the rights of the
citizen, as defined by the Supreme Court And
this point, more than any ofiiei, has baffled my
judgment,and my mind was to-day d welling upon
the very inqniiy presented by the Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. C'lav,] to wit: if the cmzon of a
slaveholdiug State has a riirhf, as decided by the
Supreme Con rt, to take his slave into a Ten ltory
and possess him there dining the territorial exist-
ence, whence comes that light, and how can its
enjoyment be destroyed by a community not pos-
sessed ot so\ eieign power? Nor can 1 under-
stand what is intended by claiming tor the local
Legislature the 1- gal means to destroy a consti-
tutional right.
Mr. PUUlI. Allow me to ask the Senator a
a question
s\v. BKJ-LEH.. In a few moments if the Sen-
sit«/i phases. What is a right that cannot been-
p>yt d, but a delusion and a fraud ? The Supreme
Couit has held that the nght to repossess a fugi-
tive slave is in the ov/nei ; hut what is that right
woith, unless the means or executing it be iur-
Utft-hed bv Cony,less ? And what is the right ot a
citizen ic a Territory worth, it it cannot be en-
joyed? What does it avail to the citizen that he
'has the ngh', under the decision of tin Supreme
Court, to take his property into a Terutory, if a
majority may depuve him of the enjoyment and
u^>o of that property? Thcte is no constitutional
right unless it can be enjoyed; the value of that
I enjoyment, it is true, may be lessened by a gen- •;
| eral public policy or by popular prejudice; but I
do not see how it can be destroyed; it is too true :
j that the constitutional right of the owner to re-
j claim his fugitive is, in some instances, almost -
destroyed in this way. It is for the courts, and c
not for Congress, to decide all legal questions that
may arise as to the rights of slave property in-the.
Territories; that is the Democratic policy; butit'
is not clear that a necessity will never arise for the
interference of Congress to execute a right decree
j of the courts.
I Now, sir, I do not intend to enter at length upon
i the question of how far it may be the duty of Con-
| gress to go to cxecute a decision of the Supreme
| Court against the actions of a Territorial Legis-
lature; that exigency has not arisen, and I hope
it may never arise; but I do not think the case so
clear against all interference as some of my north-
ern friends; 1 am not for intervention by Con-
gress in the popular sense; I am against it; and I
concur in nearly all that has been said by the Sen-
ators from Ohio and Michigan, as to the political
consequence of such a measure. I deprecate, too,
the precipitation of a question into the discussions
of this body which may never arise—a mere imag-
inary state of affairs, the discussion of which
must prove prejudicial to the Democratic party—
a party which, m its career of usefulness, of in-
tegrity, of patriotism, of success, has had no par-
allel m the histoiy of this or any other country.
I have believed, and I still believe, that the best
interests of the nation,its progress, and its glory,
are closely identified with the perpetuity and as-
cendency of this organization. Why,then, should
its ship be wrecked on imaginary breakers ? Why
: should it bo stranded on shoals that should never
be encountered? I regret exceedingly that my
friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] should have
felt required to initiate a discussion which evi-
dently can lead to no other result than disaster
to the Democratic party. Sir, it win be time
enough to deteimine how far Congress should go
to maintain the legal rights of a citizen in a Ter-
utory agam&t the action of the local Legislature,
when the necessity shall arise* 1 hope we may
never have occasion for the discussion of a ques-
tion of tins kind for a practical end, and I warn
our Democratic hiends from the South, as they
value the ascendencyof the Democratic party in
I the North, as they value the ascendency of that
oigamzation which has uniformly stood by their
| constitutional i ights, not to force unneeesarily an
issue of this character; for the uncalled for issue
will be even more injurious than would be the
discussion of the real question.
i know how pi ohfic, intricate,delicate, and dan-
! gerous tins question is: and it was with the ut-
most reluctance that 1 could himg myself to the
expression of any view which 1 entertain. What
I I have expressed, were the thoughts of the mo-
| mem, unprepared and without icflection, for I
i anticipated no such debate as that we have had
i to-day. But, sir, I preferred to express to the
Senate and to my constituents, just what 1 feel
; on this subject, regaidless ol any consequences
to myselt in the future. 1 do not favor the idea
ot congressional interference. The Democratic
party are pledged against that doctrine; they
ought not to entertain it now; but does it follow
that a state of alfaus may not ai ise lit a Territory,
when it would be necessary for Congress to in-
tei fere, not a>s to questions of local policy in the
Territory, but to execute a law; to execute a
right that had been established by the pioper
couits? 1 have made it a lule in my political
career, to maintain the Constitution of the United
Stales as defined by the Supreme Court, and shall-
evt i do so. In reference to this very subject, the
. decision of the Supreme Court m the Dred Scott
case, has, to some extent, overruled a doctrine
which 1 had entertained and expressed freely;
but 1 say, it is now my duty to stand by that de-
cision, regardless ot any peculiar view I may
have had on my own part, or of any prejudice I
may thereby encounter.
All. President, 1 shall not trespass upon the Sen-
ate further. I am deeply sensible of all the re-
sponsibilities that suriound this subject. Pe-haps
I should amplify; perhaps I should say very much
■ more in older to protect myself against misrepre-
1 senfations; but [ caie not to trouble the Senate
[ further. " SufHcu nt unto the day is the evil there-
of;" and if ever it becomes necessary to meet ex-
