1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
igencies so momentous as those anticipated here
to-day, I trust they may be met in a spirit of for-
bearance and of patriotism; that spirit which wili
maintain the unity of the States; that spirit, too,
which wil! maintain the unity of the northern
and the southern Democracy for the sake of the
union of the States, and the future growth and
glory of the country.
I observe, sir, that my friend from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] is exceedingly anxious to get
the floor, and he shall have it in a minute. I am
quite desirous to hear his musical voice on this
subject. I know that he has very clear opinions
on the question, and is not so much concerned
about the great constitutional question involved;
not so much agitated about the results to Kansas,
or Utah, or any other Territory; but he is espe-
cially delighted because he thinks the Democratic
party are getting into a disastrous muss. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CL1NGMAN. __I have risen, not to take
a part in this debate, but to beg Senators to let us
go on with the business. We are debating im-
aginary issues; we are converting ourselves into
a debating society; and we might discuss with
just as much profit the question whether Caesar
or Hannibal were the greater warrior; and I should
listen to that with more pleasure, for it is longer
since i heard a debate on that question than on
the Kansas bill, and therefore it would be a little
more entertaining: Now, sir, there is no bill pend-
ing tinder which this discussion can arise. The
debate might enlighten us if there were a proposi-
tion of that kind. * I have stood here patiently all
day, in hopes that we might proceed with the busi-
ness. It is now about eight o'clock; and, if this
debate is to continue all night, 1 would rather go
home; but, if business is to be done, if we are to
take any votes, i wish to be here. I desire to
make an appeal to gentlemen. I have no censure
to cast on those who think proper to embark in
the debate. When agenileman imagines thathis
opinions are assailed, it is very natural that he
should reply. If I chose to go into u, I might
find something to say. I will do the Senator fiorn
Pennsylvania and the Senator from Michigan the
justice to say that, as far as I remember—1 say
this because no gentleman from my section of the
country has said the same thing, though I know
many concur with me—fiom 1854 down to the
election of Mr. Buchanan in there was no
other opinion expressed, I mean, 1 never heard
of gentlemen, either in this House or the other,
expressing ihe opinion that Congress was to in-
tetfere, in any contingency, with the Territories.
I may be mistaken; hut, while i leninnber many
opinions explaining it, as they understood it, I do
not remember any one opinion adverse to this.
Gentlemen differed as to how much power was
to be given under the net. Gentlemen of the North
said—-some of them at least—that, under that act,
they thought the Tern tonal Legislature might pro-
hibit slavery; other gentlemen said they thought
they could not prohibit it; but all agreed that "the
power Congress had was to be turned over upon
the Territory, and they were to legislate on the sub-
ject, under the Constitution and the construction
of the courts upon their acts. Now a contingency
is presented which was not foreseen, it is said.
If a bill is introduced, I shnll be willing to exam-
ine it; but J. do submit to gentlemen, ought we to
go into a discussion of this abstraction of non-
intervention, and what it means, upon an issue
that is not raised in any way by the proposition
of ihe Senator from New Hampshire?
I did not, when I got up, iniend to say a word
abou tit; hut having been an actoi in those scenes;
having read and heatd many speeches on the sub-
ject, I think it proper to these geniietnen fiom the
North to say, that so far as 1 know, I never heard
it denied but that Congress was going to abandon
to the Temtones the power of legislation upon
the subject of slavery and all questions connected
with it. We of the South contended that we had
the right to legislate, and ought to protect; but we
came to the conclusion tiuf, on the whole, we
would lather tiust the Temtory than Congress.
Congress, we knew, was against us; whenever
tiie sut?ji:ct was up, a majouty were voting for 1
the proviso; and we thought further, that, if a ma- ,
jonty of the Terntory were against us, any le- '
gisl.uion hero would be futile. Winle, by sending ;
an army to Boston you could bring away a runa- \
■way negro against the wishes of the people, you I
could not expect to enforce a system on a Terri-
tory hostile to it. I think we acted wisely in
turning it over to the Territory. I say this, how-
ever, not wishing to pursue the subject.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. BRODERICK. I wish, with the per-
mission of the Senator from New Hampshire,to
read an extract from a speech made by the Sen-
ator from California, in the convention of that
State. He used this language:
" That will be the great battle-field. I confess I would
greatly prefer a more restricted boundary. We have ihe
natural boundary to make a greater State than any in the
Union—the bay of San Franeiseoand its tributaues. If we
had our choice, we would thus shape oui boundaries; but
what do oui brethren ot the South say? 'Although we pre-
fer a tei tutorial government, to avoid "the heavy expense of
a State organization, yet we prefer enduimy taxation lather
than separate from you. and tun the risk of getting no gov-
ernment at all from Congress.'
" The line of 36° 30' is a great question on the other side
of the mountain*. Here it is nothing. If any portionof our
population aie opposed to slavery, per se, u i  that portion
south of that line, ftisntteily unfitted forslave labor,being
a grazing and giape country, with a few rich valleys and
extensive arid plums. My desire is that we should not
jeopard the admission oe the State by committing a blun-
der about tins boundary line. Let our State lioutidaties be
the same as the territorial boundaries. If Congress does
not like them, tr can .iltci them without destroying the woi k
we are assembled to perfotnu"
It will be recollected that the, southern Senators
who opposed the admission of California believed
that the territory south of 36® 30' ought to be
dedicated to slavery, and opposed its admission
into the Union on that ground. Here the Sena-
tor has made the territory south of 36°30' an arid
plain, not fit for slavery.
Mr. GWIN. Is that all there is on the sub-
ject of slavery ?
Mr. BRODERICK. There is a speech here of
about one page, which I read. I have not had
time to read any more.
Mr. GWIN. Lend me the book. You will
find a good deal more of it.
Mr. BllODERIClv. That is a strong point.
Mr. GWIN. Well, sir 
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire yield the floor to the
Senator from California?
Mr. HALE. I think I had better putin an
intetludc befoie he irplies. [Laughter.]
Mi. GWIN. The Senator from California has
made an allegation as to the record. I want to
show it.
Mr. HALE. Very well, sir.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator stated that there
was a division on the subject of slavery in the
convention that formed the constitution of Cali-
fornia—-that there was a party there m favor of
slavery. I will read what was done in the con-
vention. The Senator undertook to give a his-
toi y of it. He said we stopped discussion by the
previous question.
Mr. BRODERICK. I thought so. I have not
had time to examine it yet; but I will do so by
to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. I will read from the record:
" Mr. Shannon moved to insert,as an additional section,
the lollowiiig:
" ' Neither slavery nor involuntaiy seivitude, unless for
the punishment of entries, shall evei be toleidtud 111 this
State.'"
That is the provision in the constitution of Cal-
ifornia.
" Mi. Carver moved to amend the amendment by adding
thereto the following:
lk ' Nor shall tlie introduction of free negioc, under in-
dentures oi otheiwi->e, be allowed.'
'* Alter debate as to the pmpuety of a division of the two
questions, Mr. Carver wirhdiew Ins amendment.
'•Mi. Shannon'.- amendment then being fit^t in order.
Mr. llalleck, after debate m reference to the pattteuiai por-
tion oi the constitution which the pio\i-ion should appear
in, moved that ' «i declaration agiwW the introduction of
slavei v into Caiitoi ma shall he insetted in the bill of lights'
Mr. Shannon tenipoiaiily withdrawing his amendment to
enable Mi. llalleck to make the motion
'• I'he motion ot Mt. llalleck was decided in the affirma-
tive.
** Mr. Fhannon then again submitted his amendment, and
aftei lunhei debate a* to the expediency of submitting the 1
question to the p ople in a -epaiale article, the proposed .
section was unainiHuiuhj adopted.
'• On motion, the committee i.w, repwted piogres?, and
obtained leave to t-it again.^'--Debates California Conven-
tion, page 44. I
What the Senator introduced here was a dis- ■
cushion on the question of boundary, not the
question of slavery, and*l insisted that we should ,
not introduce that question at all, and gave the j
opinion which has been universally expressed, 1
that southern California was a grazing and giape
country, notadapted to the products of the South
for which slave labor was indespensible.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President  
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend give way
for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply, before I
make the motion, to state the reason of it. The
Senators on the other side of the House who
have the business of Congress in charge, have
occupied seven mortal hours here in their family
j quarrels upondivers and sundry subjects, anditis
perfectly manifest from that that they think there
I is no hurry about the public business. It must be
! equally obvious that they cannot suppose that
, they are to discuss a question of such importance
! entirely to themselves. They have taken the day
i for seven hours. Now, allowing us a reasonable
; portion of time in comparison to our numbers, I
j think it will be very hard to crowd us into the
i night for the exposition which we wish to make
j of the policy of the different parties of the coun-
try, and it would be no mrtre than fair to adjourn
: and let us have to-morro to discuss it. I do not
|! know that we shall claim a great part of the day,
but certainly it would be very unreasonable to
| compel my friend from New Hampshire and sev-
; eral other gentlemen to discuss these great ques-
i tions at this late hour, when gentlemen on the
other side have taken the daytime at this period
of the session for their own purposes. I appeal
to them therefore, in advance, to sustain the
motion which I now make, that the Senate ad-
journ, so that we may close this business to-mor-
row.
Mr. POLK called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 15, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Brodenek, Chandlei, Clark, Col-
lamer. Doohttle, Durkee, Fe^Ptiden, Foot. Hale, Jiailan,
Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messis. Benjamin, Bigler, Chesnut.Clav, Chntj-
man, Crittenden. Davi-. Dou<jla.^ Fitch, Fitzpan ick. Gvvm,
UoiHton, Uuntei. [versvon. Johnson of Arkansas?. Johnson
of Tennessee, Lane, I'olk, Pu^h, Reul, llice, Sebasiian,
►Smith, Toombs. Ward, and Yuhe—28.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HA.LE. I rise, Mr. President, to respond
in a spirit of candor to the appeal which was
made to the Senate by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, and that was to jrive over debat-
ing and speech-making, and to come back to the
business before the Senate; and I will endeavor,
as well as I may, to state clearly, so that the Sen-
ate may undeistand, what the question is; though
I fear that those who have been listening to these
speeches, how much soever they have been en-
tertained, have had little information on the merits
of the question that is now pending before the
Senate. In looking over an act of the last session
of Congress, passed in relation to the admission
of Kansas, I find an enactment in direct contra-
diction of a treaty stipulation with France. The
treaty was made a great while ago, some fifty
years, and possibly it passed out of the minds of
gentlemen; and 1 had a right to indulge the con-
fidence that when the attention of the Senate was
called to the fact that there had inadvertently
crept into our legislation a provision inconsistent
with our treaty stipulations, the Senate would at
once wipe it out without any difficulty, 05 any
debate; and when the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] appealed to me not to introduce my
amendment on an appropriation bill, I suggested
to him that the late stage of the session was such,
and wc had got so near its close, that I feared that
just as this question is, it.might not command a
], majoi Uy of the Senate in a separate bill; and.there-
j i fore, I chose this way of bringing it before the
| Senate. The Senate will bear me witness that we
| ■ have sat here now nearly eight hours, and not a
; word has been said on this side of the Houstf.
j> Little did I think that so harmless a measure as
this was going to wake up such a volley of Dem-
ocratic thunder as has been rattling over our heads
for the last seven or ei^ht hours; and it has come
in all directions and assumed all sounds.
I heard the Senator from Pennsylvania warn
his southern brethren most feelingly, and I sym-
pathized with him in that appeal. 1 heard the
Senator from Michigan, with a great deal of pa-
thos, describe that slaughter of the innocents
which has been going on m the free States, and I
sympathized with that. I have listened to all
