THE CONGRESSIONAL''GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, 33. 0:
New Series,...No. 80.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1859.
this, and I rise now simply for the purpose of |
presenting the question to which I have alluded, !
There isone doctrine which has been often pro- ,
claimed in this Chamber—I do not believe it is j
anywhere else; I do not believe it could be ven- j
tured in any respectable county court in any ;
county in any State of this Union—that by the t
Constitution of the United States slaves are recog- 1
nized as property in the same way that other ar- !
tides of property are recognized. That is reiter- ;
ated so often, so decidedly, and so emphatically, I
by gentlemen from the South, and from the North :
also, tha^ I feel constrained to raise my voice !
against it lest it might be supposed that it was ]
conceded, whereas the contrary is the fact, writ- !
ten all over the recorded decisions of the courts 1
of this country, North and South. I might stand 1
here from this time until the lights that now shine
over us are superseded by the beams of the rising ;
sun, and bring to you authority after authority :
to sustain the doctrine that that is not the law, ;
never was, and not travel one inch northof Mason i
and Dixon's line. I might go to the highest tri-
bunals of the slave States and find abundant au-
thority to sustain the doctrine which is so well
stated by Judge McLean, in a case in his circuit
court-, in which he says:
" Slavery is local in its character ; it depends upon the
municipal law of the State where it ih established ; and if
a person held in slavery go be>ond the jurisdiction where
he is so held, into anothei State where slavery is not tol-
eiated, he becomes free."
That is no Abolition doctrine, it is no doctrine
of the free States, it is the doctrine of the courts
of Kentucky and of Missouri—I mean the early j
decision of their own courts—and the doctrine of '
every court that ever had a judiciary that had
learning enough to expound the rights of persons
and the rights of property, until a very late period.
The Supreme Court of the United States, in the
famous case of Prigg vs. Pennsylvania, decided
that there was nothing in the comity of nations,
nothing in the law of nations that required a na-
tion not tolerating slavery, to recognizc it where
it existed by virtue of the laws of any other State.
But I shall not stand here to-day to multiply au-
thority to prove what is so clear, so convincing,
so conclusive, as laid down by Judge McLean in >
this volume, and sustained by so many authorities ,
asthisdoctrineis. Sla\esare not property in the '
sense that a horse is property. Slaves aie prop- ;
erty only by vii tue of the local and municipal law '
of the territory in the jurisdiction of which they !
are found; and when they escape out of that ju-
risdiction, by the admitted doctrine of the com- ,
mon law, by the common consent of all civilized ■
countries, and of the States of this Union, the j
condition of slavery ceases to exist, and it would ;
not exist beyond the boundary of the States tol- j
erating it in this country, except by the express [
provision of the Constitution of the United States
m reference to fugitive slaves.
I know that a different doctrine has been at-
tempted to be raised from the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States. Upon that
subject I shall certainly speak plainly. I have
nothing to fear, and nothing to hope, from this
Government; and I have no hesitation in pro-
nouncing the convictions which 1 entertain on this
floor, whether they relate to the action of this
Government in its legislative, executive, or judi-
cial departments. The Dred Scott decision de-
cides this, and nothing else, so far as I think it
is entitled to be considered a judicial decision, that
Dred Scott could not maintain an action in the
United States circuit court. When the court de-
cided that, they decided everything before them
that they had a right to decide; and when they
went beyond that, they turned themselves into a
mere political caucus. They saw that there was
a great question agitating this country, and they
postponed the decision a year, I will not say for
what; but I will tell you what a great many peo-
ple, of whom 1 am one, think they postponed it
for: they postponed it because it would not be
prudent, until after the piesidentiai election of
1856, to announce the doctrine which they <?id
80
annoance. In the decision of the case, Judge
Taney says:
" Tins case has been twice argued. After the argument
at the last term, differences of opinion were found to exist
among the members of the court j and as tho questions in
controversy are of the highest importance, and the court
was, at that tune, much pressed by the ordinary business
of Hie rerttf, it was deemed advisable to continue the case,
and direct a rearguirient on some ef tho points, in order that
we might have an oppoitunity of giving to the whole sub-
ject a more deliberate consideration."
I have no doubt about that; not the slightest in
the world. I believe that, if I do not believe any-
thing else in the book; that on consultation the
Supreme Court deemed it advisable to postpone
the case a year. They did postpone it for a year,
and when they come to a decision on the question
raised by the plea in abatement, they decided:
" And it appears from the record before us, that the cir-
cuit court commuted an error in deciding that it had juris-
diction upon the facts in the case admitted by the plead-
ings."
When they decided that, they decided every-
thing which was before them, and everything
which they had a right to decide—everything to
which their opinion is entitled to any judicial re-
spect for. They say that an error had been com-
mitted in the court below, in deciding that Dred
Scott had a right to appear in the court; and that,
and that afcme, is the judicial decision 9f the tri-
bunal. The rest is entitled, I was going to say,
to as much respect as the Cincinnati platform;
but I do not think so, and I will tell you why.
The men who went to Cincinnati went there to
make a platform; that was their business; but it
was not the business of the Supreme Court to
make platforms, and they went out of their way
to make one; and as long as the Supreme Court
endures, and as long as this country endures, and
as long as there is any intelligence in the country,
this doctrine can never command the assent of the
enlightened people of the country. When the
excitement which existed at the time the decision
was made has passed away, the record of it will
stand, not a monument to the wisdom or to the
integrity of the court, but it will stand as one of
those unfortunate decisions which courts have
frequently made when they have undertaken to
mold eternal principles of justice and law to suit
the purposes of power. This is no new thing to
say of ibis Supreme Court. Power generally, in
England, found its most subservient tools upon
the bench; and wherever there has bepn an arbi-
trary Government, it has generally found a cor-
rupt court to enforce its arbitrary behests. That
is the history of the world. I am not one of that
school in which the Senator from Virginia says
he stands when he tells us that he has opinions
which he gives up to the opinions of the Supreme
Court. I do no such thing, sir. In the humble
sphere in which I move, amongst the people to
whose confidence I am entitled for a place on this
floor, I denounce that opinion on every occasion;
I invoke the public indignation upon it and its au-
thors; and I will do it here and elsewhere, because
I believe it is derelict to the great principles of
law; to the recorded decisions of law; to what, by
universal assent, the enlightened judicial mind of
this country must believe and know the law to be.
So much for the Supreme Court. If it were not
so late, I might say more. I hope I may be ex-
cused if I have not denounced them sufficiently
for the enoimity of their decision; I will make it
up on some other occasion.
Let me say another word, sir. I undertake to
say that upon the discussion of to-day and the
discussion of this session, those who have stood
up here to speak for the South have entirely
changed their ground. It used to be said, and it
was constantly said, that the great difference be-
tween the South and the North was, that the South
asked no action, desired none, wished to be let
alone; whereas, on the contrary, we desired to
interpose legislative action in favor of our views,
our measures, our policy. Sir, I have heard that
said over and over and over again. Any gentle-
man who will undertake to read thereportsof the
debates on the occasion of the famous Clayton
compromise, in 1848, will find that Mr. Calhoun,
in one of his great speeches ftrhich he made on that
bill, laid that down as the great adfatntage wi}icft
the South had in the controversy;-angHhat'-witir,
" we desire nothing of the Governments you df
the North desire positive interference arid ac^
tion." I remembier of hearing, on onl occasion*
a discussion between an honorable Senator frorri
South Carolina and an honorable Senator front
Massachusetts, both now deceased, and it oc-
curred in reference to some action which it was
said the Senate should take in regard to the con-
firmation of certain gentlemen whose nominations
were pending before the Senate. John Davis, of
Massachusetts, said to the Senator from South
Carolina:
" You may find that, when you come to apply this test,
there are two sides to it; and if you undertake ro reject a
man on account of certain opinions which he entertains on
this subject, you may find that those who entertain those
opinions will strike back."
Mr. Calhoun said:
u Not so; the cases are not equal; wc desire no action,
but you desire positive action, and therein consists tile dif-
ference between us."
Now, sir, I cannot go over all these theories,
and over all this discussion, and over all this dif-
ference about what non-intervention means; but
I call the attention of the country to the issue that
the South now presents; and that issue, if I un-
derstand it, as put by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, who first addressed us, [Mr. Brown,] is,
that they desire action, positive action, in behalf
of the interests of slavery; that they will go first
to the Territorial Legislatures; if they get it there,
very well; but, if they do not get it there, they
will come back here to Congress and demand le-
gislative action by the Congress of the United
States in favor of slavery. This is an entire, a
total change Sir, the slaughter of the innocents
is not over if you push that issue home. Tha
effect of that measure will be to decrease, and to
decrease vastly and rapidly, that once powerful
party which existed in the North, which upheld
slavery in everything it demanded, and wh ich has
dwindled down to what it is, not, as the Senator
from Michigan says, on account of anything the
South have said, but because of what its northern
men have not said. That is what has killed them.
They never could have been slaughtered; that
proud Democracy which stood so impregnable
and invulnerable in my own State, and in others
of the New England States, and in the State of
New York, and in some of the northwestern
States, could never have been broken down by
anything that southern men could have said, pro-
vided their own men had been true to the posi-
tions which they had assumed, to the professions
which they had made. The Democratic party ki
the State which I have the honor, in part, to rep-
resent, went down because they were false and
treacherous to their professions. I will tell you
what they resolved not a great while ago. They
resolved that they were unalterably opposed^ to
the spread of human slavery into any of the Ter-
ritories. That was the position they took; and
they went before the country and contended that,
upon the question of a practical and wise and ef-
ficient opposition to the extension of slavery into
the Territories, the Democratic party was more
to be iclied upon than its opponents; for its op-
ponents were treacherous, but that the Democracy
were true. They said, and they resolved, that
S they were opposed to the extension of slavery, as
i they had heretofore been, unalterably opposed to
it. Sir, it was for their want of fidelity to this
principle that they had avowed; it was because,
when the day of trial came, they faltered and
failed; and when you changed issues at the South
they turned and followed; it was because of their
I own want of firmness and fidelity that those have
i fallen who have fallen. 1 speak for my own State
and my own section of the country. I do not
know how it has been in the Northwest; I do not
know what it is that has produced that fatal epi-
demic which has laid low so many Democratic
politicians in that region; but I know what the
