1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
dent for his acts, he exercises a iocal power over
the Iocal interests of the people of the Territory
to whom he is no way responsible for the man-
lier in which he discharges his duties.
I shall undertake, also, to show that while these
judges are called Federal judges, they are nothing
but iocal, territorial judges, passing upon the io-
cal rights and interests of the people, while they
are responsible in no way to those upon whom
they sit in judgment. I think these propositions
can be cleariy and conclusively demonstrated; and
I hope when the measure conies before the House
it will be fairly, dispassionately, and candidly
considered,and that we shall take these Territories
out from under the control and influence of power
at Washington. You allow the people now to
elect the members of their Legislature; you allow
them to pass such laws as they think proper with-
out submitting them to Congress for its approval
or disapproval; and what reason can be offered
why they should not also be permitted to choose
their judges and other territorial officers? In every
liberal government, sovereignty resides in its le-
gislative department; the executive and judicial
departments are only subordinate and auxiliary
branches; and if you allow them to make their
own laws, why not give them the power to exe-
cute them; and not hold the power here in the
city of Washington, far away from the locality
where it is to operate? When you talk about
popular sovereignty, do not " keep the word of
promise to the ear and break it to the hope."
Mr. KEITT. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him whether he was in favor of the repeal of
the Missouri restriction ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I will answer the
gentleman. I was in favor of that repeal; and if
any gentleman has ever told him to the con-
trary 
Mr. KEITT. Nobody has; nobody has.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I believe the meas-
ure which repealed the Missouri line was emi-
nently just and right. I so stated in a speech
which 1 made in this House at the last session of
Congress, and I have frequently stated it before.
And why do i so believe it? Because it was one
step towards giving to our distant settlements
in the Teiritorics the right of self-government. I
want to follow up that step; and I call upon the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, if he was in .favor of
that measure, (as I presume he was, for he voted
for it,) to go on in his well-doing. If he believed
ill the doctrine of popular sovereignty then, and
believes in it now, he ought not to oppose a bill
which proposes to carry it out to its legitimate
and proper extent. That the principle is right,
he will hardly deny. If it was right when he
supported it, it is right now. If it was right to
give the people power to pass their own laws, it
is equally right to give them the power to appoint
the officers who aie to execute those laws; and 1
call upon the honorable gentleman from South
Carolina to stick to the bargain he made when
the Missouri compromise line was repealed, and
not to back down from it. If the shoe pinches,
he must not wince. You may have the power—
and I concede that you have it—to create the ma-
chinery of government for the Territories; but
you have lio power, when it is created, to operate
it for the people. That power belongs of right to
them, and you should leave them to exercise it.
Because you own the soil, it does not follow that
you own the man who lives on it. I assert the
doctrine, without taking the time to more than
merely enunciate it, that, when a man leaves one
of the States to settle in a Territory, he goes there
clothed with all the dignities, rights, powers, and
privileges of an Ameiican citizen; and your Gov-
ernment has no right to deprive him of them.
He carties with him the undoubted right to lay
the foundations of his own institutions ill his own
way; to build them up in conformity to his own
notions; and whenever you prevent hull from
doing it, you exercise an act ot t>' lanny at which
his natuie levolts, and which is at variance with
the whole "■emus of our Government.
Mr. RITCHIE. 1 would ask the gentleman
what, he considers the practical etlect of his theory
would be in the Temtory of Utah, if it weie coi-
ned into WKrt there ?
Mr. AIORUKS, of Illinois. I am very gl-il the
gentleman has suggisted that, for I want to talk
about it, and I hope he will continue to make
other sensible susgestions. I will treat the sub-
ject in a serious manner, for I believe the gentle-
man is a serious man, and wants to be treated in
a serious way. I was aware that there was that
objection to the bill, and that it.would be urged
before the House. My first answer to it is, that
where you lay down a general rule, as 1 propose
to do in this bill, there may be occasional cases
where it will not operate well. But, sir, as wise
legislators, areyou to eschew orcastasidc a meas-
ure, in itself right, because some evil or abuse
may flow from it? Let the general principle apply
wherever yourTerritories extend, and if evils fol-
low, remedies for those evils will very soon pre-
sent themselves.
But, sir, I have some little knowledge of this
class of persoVis to whom the gentleman from
Pennsylvania alludes, as he also is perhaps ac-
quainted with their history. He is aware of the
fact that they once resided in the State of Illinois.
Mr. RITCHIE. I only instanced the case of
Utah as one of a whole class of cases. If we
yield the government to the Territories; we peimit
them to establish any kind of institutions, though
l^pstilc to our own. They have already the Le-
gislature; and if we give them the executive they
will have the law in their own hands, and they
may to ail intents and purposes be a hostile nation.
I admit that the position taken by the gentleman
now is entirely consistent with the position taken
by the repealers of the Missouri compromise in
1854; but I wished to point out the absuidity of
the whole theory.
Mr.MORRIS, oflllinois. I did not hoar the last
remark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania; but
I understand he is a bachelor, and docs not know
much about "domestic institutions;" and hence, if
he was talking about territorial affairs, lie may be
excused if heerrs. But I was going on to say, when
interrupted, that if the gentleman is in earnest in
reference to Utah, let hint offer an amendment to
the bill, excepting that Territory from its general
operation.
Mr. RITCHIE. I want it to apply to Utah,
as well as to all other Territories, if it is to apply
anywhere.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I was about to add
that it makes no difference whether these officers
in Utah are appointed by the President or elected
by the people, for the leason that if they are op-
posed to the institutions of the Mormons, they
cannot remain there. If they are sent there by
Executive authority, and appiove of and wink at
the delinquencies of the Mormons, and refuse to
cnforce the laws against them, they will be treated
kindly by them, and bo thus betrayed into a dere-
liction of duty. In other words, you cannotcarry
out a policy instituted by the Government to-
wards the Mormons, in their present organize 1
condition, which they are not willing to acquiesce
ill, any more than you can carry out an obnox-
ious course of policy towards the peopie of Kan-
sas, Nebraska, or any other Territory. If your
Govcrnmentoffieers attempt to interfere with then
institutions, as they have done in some instances,
the result will be as it has been in the past—lhat
they will be driven away. I am free to say that,
so far as any beneficial influence is to result fioin
the appointment of officers for that Territory, it
would, perhaps, be just as well that the Mormons
should make their own selections, as that they
should be selected by the President, for the lea-
sons 1 have assigned. If they are selected by the
President, they yield obedience, as experience has
shown, to Mormon dictation and Moimon be-
hests. If the contrary were true, if they would
enforce the laws, I might take a very did'eicm
view of the matter; butstill I would not abandon
the great principle of self-government as apphed
to the Territories, though in the case of Utah 1
would be careful to guard against abuses.
When we had this measure before the House
at the last session of Congress, 1 drsired to ask
gentlemen who were talking about enforcing the
laws theie, how they were to be enforced ? Sup-
pose the President appoints the Governor, the
marshal, the district attorney, and the judges:
what will it amount to, when the Mormons have
the grand and the petit juries ? You may find in-
dietments, arraign them for trial, prosecute them
ably, and your judges may instruct the jury to
bring in a verdict of guilty; yet, as soon as the
jury return to their room, they will laugh the
charge to scorn, and render a verdict contrary to
instructions, lleuee, as in a practical point of
view,-judging from the past, no beneficial results
are to follow appointments made by the President;
it is just as well that the Mormons should select
their own Governor, judges, and other officers,as
it is that you should send tlicm there; because,
when they get there, they have no power to en-
force a solitary provision of your statute. -Until
very recently, Brighnm Young, the groat leader
of Mormondon, has been acting as Governor under
Executive appointment. My remedy for our
Mormon troubles is, to repeal their organic act,
treat them as alien ejjemies, and attach them to
some neighboring jurisdiction for judicial pur-
poses.
I did not, Mr. Chairman, when I rose, intend
to occupy the time of the committee but n few
minutes. I did not intend to enter into a gencial
discussion of the measure which I shall submit at
the first favorable opportunity. ■ I only intended
to give an outline of it, and an assurance to the
House and the country that I had introduced it
in good faith. And, sir, I intend to follow it up.
If the measure is not passed at this session—aiid
I must confess I have no expectation that it wiil
—I shall press it upon the next Congress , and as
long as 1 have the honor of a seat upon this floor,
if it is not sooner disposed of.
Mr. JENKINS. I do not wish to embarrass
the gentleman m Ilia argument; but if lie will per-
mit me, I will ask him whether he is to bo under-
stood as taking the position in favor of theexten-
sion of the principle to which he refers, to Utah?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. When Utah is in
a state of rebellion I would so treat it. I have
heard it said that it was in a state of rebellion.
But this is not a matter I now propose to discuss.
I lefer only to geneial principles; and if the gen-
tleman from Virginia thinks he can make any-
thing by interrogating mo, as he has on the Mor-
mon question, he is welcome to it. I do not ask
to take anything back. I have long since defined
my position toward that people. 1 believe, this
day, that they embrace within themselves more
of corinption and wickedness than any other class
of people upon the face of the earth; and further,
that the day will come when their presence will
no longer be tolerated by any society. The very
law of self-preservation will induce the adoption
of some means of disposing of them. We could
not live with them m Illinois, nor can any peo-
ple who me contiguous live with tlirm m peace
and safety. If they arc in a state of rebellion we
should treat them as rebels. I do not know that
they are fighting against our troops. On the con-
trary, T believe the President, in his annual mes-
sage, has congratulated the country on the termi-
nation of the Utah war. 1 cannot say that they
are at war without disputing the statement of the
President, for I have not the privilege of looking
behind the screen; but, sir, 1 can guess; and if I
should I would guess that there will be a fcaiful
sequel to the Mormon troubles. You can never
rely upon them.
But do not let us lose sight of a great principle.
When the thnteen colonies declared their inde-
pendence of the mother country, it was approved
by the majority of the people. Would gentlemen
have withheld that declaration with all its count-
less blessings, because perhaps it might bring one
or two evils in its train, or one or two families
might be benefited by it who ought not to have
been. It is the business of legislators to look at
the goueidl bearing of a measure which is pre-
sented, to look and see whether the good predom-
inates largely over the evil. When the good,as
it does in this instance, largely predominates,
then the measure ought to be adopted. The day
is not distant when these Mormon outrages and
diiiiciilties will be corrected. And, sir, because
they, with the rest of the Territories, may have
the" right to elect their Governors and other oiii-
ci rs under tins lull, that is no reason why ihe
people of'all the Territories should be treated uu-
pistly. I hope, therefore, the measure will be
adopted when it. conies before the House.
I have, Mr. Chairman, only sketched a brief
outline of my views, not having intended to do
anything more when I rose than merely to pre-
sent thelull. But as that privilege was denied,
by what I regaided as the merest technical objec-
tion, the only alternative left was to present it nn
a part of a speech, and then to make the speech
from necessity to fit the bill. I shall hereafter g>>
more into the details of the subjects releiied to.
