184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask the per-
mission of the House to print some remarks upon
the state of the Union generally.
Permission was granted. [This speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, 1 am debtor
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Morris] for
his sympathies; but, I am happy to assure him,
I have no need of them. I do not feav that my
position in the Democratic party will bo forfeited
by a faithful adherence to the principles which
have been consecrated by Democratic legislation.
Itis true, sir, that I avowed yestciday my opposi-
tion to the revival of specifics. The avowal was
not new with me, and I am sure, did not surprise
any of the gentlemen with whom I have been
heretofore associated. I am opposed to specifics,
and one among the strong objections I have to the
pension bill, which was finally passed this morn-
ing, wns thatitinduccs the necessity, which I so
much deplore, of a return to the system of high
protective tariffs.
Sir, that bill camc upon us in a most unfortu-
nate moment—at a moment when the grave ques-
tion is submitted to Congiess, whether they shall
adhere to the legislation of 1857, or return to the
protective policy, which I supposed had been ex-
ploded by the unanimous consent of the civilizcd
world. The passage of that bill involved the ne-
cessity of an increase of the duties upon imports.
But for that, sir, I believe we could have success-
fully resisted any attempt to increase those duties;
for even if it should be necessary to raise more
money to meet the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment, we could have effected that object by
loans. I prefer to effect that object by loans; for
the operation of the tariff of 1857 would, 1 believe,
in the meantime, have vindicated itself, and have
shown, as soon as the recent commercial disasters
had passed away, that an ample revenue could be
raised under that tariff to meet the just and neces-
sary expenses of Government. It. was for this
reason I so much deplored the action of this
House; and shall still more deplore it if it shall
be consummated in the Senate. It will, in that
case, be absolutely impossible to avoid a recur-
rence to that system of high duties, which I sup-
posed had been abandoned by the common con-
sent of the American people.
Mr, RITCHIE. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question, llow is it that he asserts specifics
are necessarily high duties? To my mind, spe-
cifics relate to the character, and not to thoamount
of duties.
Mr. MILLSON. The suggestion of the gen-
tleman is altogether proper; and had 1 intended
to go into any lengthened discussion of the ques-
tion, I should not have omitted to notice the view
which he has just now presented. There is no
necessary connection between a high duty and a
specific duty.
Mr. IMTOIITE. That is how I understand it.
Mr. MILLSON. And t do not know that the.
President, in his recommendation, means to be
understood as suggesting the propriety of impos-
ing high rates of specific taxation. Hut 1 was not
referring so much to the recommendation of the
President, as to what 1 presumed to be the wish
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kun-
kej,,'j to whom I alluded yesterday, as one who
doubtless saw in this pension bill visions of high
rates of duties and specific taxes.
Mr. RITCHIE. I wi.sh to remark, right there,
that there is no necessary connection between the
advocacy of a particular form of tat iff and that of
a pension bill. 1, sir, for one, am the Represent-
ative of a high protective distiict, but I had the
honor to vote against the pension bill on principle.
I do not like it.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman is entitled to
credit for voting against his interests.
Mr. RITCHIE. I do not think so.
Mr. MILLSON. I give him credit for it, sir;
but the remark is still true, and it will not be con-
tested here, that the passage of that bill, should
it become a law, will make it necessary to raise
the funds requisite to meet thos6 expenses, either
by loans or by a resort to increased taxation.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to propound this
question to the gentleman, whether you could not
accomplish the same object by cutting down the
expenses of the Army-and the Navy to an amount
equal fo the amount of the pensions granted in
the bill ?
Mr. MTLLSON. Why, sir, if $10,000,000 be
required for the payment of these pensions, it is
only a truism to say that the $10,000,000 can as
well be supplied by lopping them off existing sub-
jects of expenditures as by imposinganincreased
rate of taxation. But the inquiry is: can we
wisely curtail those expenses ? Can we do itwith-
out injury to the public service ? If so, then let us
doit. No one objects to that. But if we cannot
meet—as we arc assured by high authority wo
cannot—the necessary expenses of the Govern-
ment, without increased funds, either from loans,
or additional duties; why, then, I say that the
passage of the pension bill nccessanly brings with
it an increasoof taxation; and not merely that,
but it will be made the occasion and the pretext
for a return to the protective system.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MILLSON. I have no objection to these
interruptions, sir, except that they keep me on
the floor a'much longer time than I expected to
occupy it when I rose.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I desire t£
see if I understand correctly the force of a remark
made by the gentleman. I understood him to
assert that the policy of protection had been uni-
versally abandoned.
Mr. MILLSON. As I supposed, sir, univer-
sally.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Why, sir, it
is the policy of all the leading States of Europe
to the present day.
Mr. MILLSON. It has been abandoned by the
science of the world—for political economy is a
science; and upon this question ail science is
agreed. Sir, you cannot find in any of your uni-
versities, or m any of your primary schools, if
the subject be taught there at all, any work upon
the subject of political economy which does not
condemn the antiquated pi otcctivesystem,unless,
indeed, you lesort to those work:} which are
manufactured by protectionists for the occasion.
Upon that subject all science has been agreed,
fiouwhe d.tys of Adam Smith down to the pres-
ent time. From the time when the people of Eng-
land had the privilege of speaking for themselves;
from the tinre when they were emancipated under
the reform bill, and permitted to send their own
representatives to guard their own interests; from
that day to this, I think I am warranted in saying
this system has been exploded by the common
consent of the civilized world.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MILLSON. I will yield to the gentleman,
if he wishes it, if he will first allow me to make a
single remark in the way of explanation. It is
this: I do not shrink from interrogation, but I
only took the iloor for the purpose of occupying
it about three minutes. I did not wish or intend
to detain the committee longer. I sought the floor
meiely for the pin pose of making a brief reply to
the personal allusion to myself, made by the gen-
tleman fiom Illinois, [Mr. Morris.] If, after this
explanation, the gentleman from Ohio desires to
engn^e me in the discussion of other subjects, I cer-
tainly will not decline to be interrogated by him.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to ask thegentleman
a single question. I understood him to say that
by the common consent of scientific men the doc-
trine of protection was exploded. Now, I desire
to ask him if it is not by common consent the pol-
icy of all civilized countries to protect their infant
manufactures ?
Mr. MILLSON. I do not understand it. so.
Mr. STANTON. 1 want to know of one sin-
gle instance of a civilized country which has not
protected its domestic industry until it was able
to protect itself without protection. If the gen-
tleman can point to one, I shall be glad if he will
do so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. With the permis-
sion of my colleague, I will state that according
to the authority of one of the most'valuable peri-
odicals of the day, De Bow's Review, our tariff
is at this time more highly protective than that of
any of the lading commercial nations of the earth.
Mr. STANTON. I trust gentlemen will not
rely on De Bow's Review, when they have the
commercial tables before them, giving them, side
by side, the rates of duties under every foreign
tariff compared with our own; and those tables
show that ours are the lowest.
Now, I want to ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] a single question. He dif-
fers with the President in his recommendation as
to specific duties. I want to know if he concurs
with him in the opinion that, if increased duties
be necessary, a discrimination should be made
with a view to the protection of domestic manu-
factures ?
Mr. MILLSON. I have , on a former occasion,
some six years ago, I think, and in a discussion
with the very gentleman from Ohio, who now pro-
pounds this question, taken occasion to explain
that there is not, and could not be, such a thing
as a duty, which is at the same time protective and
revenue producing. I endeavored then to show*
sir, that it is absolutely impossible, in laying a
revenue tax, to discriminate for protection.
I do not mean to enter upon the argument now.
I refer the gentleman to what I said in that discus-
sion, which lie may, perhaps, recollect, as he par-
ticipated in it. I only express my opinion upon
the subject, without meaning at this .time to de-
fend it.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I understand the rec-
ommendation of the President to be that if it be
necessary to raise additional revenue, and increase
the duties, they shall bo increased upon the lead-
ing products of the industry of the country. My
question is, whether the gentleman concurs with
tile President jn that recommendation ?
Mr. MILLSON. I do not.
Mr. STANTON. You do not ?
Mr. MILLSON. I do not. So far from it,
as I took occasion to explain last year, I desire
revenue to be raised chiefly upon articles of for-
eign growth and manufacture, not competing with
our own.
Mr. STANTON. That is as I understood the
gentleman. He proposes to discriminate against
protection.
Mr. MILLSON. I propose to raise taxes from
imports for revenue alone. I propose, in shaping
the details of a tariff bill, to have reference to no
other consideration than the raising of revenue.
I propose to lay such taxes as will yield, every
dollar of them, an increase to the Treasury. I
propose to avoid such taxes as will exclude arti-
cles from importation, with a view of adding to
the cost and price of similar articles produced at
home. 'That is my position upon the tariff.
Mr. RITCHIE. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
make one remark with reference to what fell from
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith.] Ho
said, as I understood him, that he would pledge
himself to prove that the present tariff of the Uni-
ted States is the highest protective tariff in the
world.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will excuse me if I decline to yield for a
discussion between himself and any other gen-
tleman. I think I have been indulgent enough in
allowing myself to be interrogated.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desired to make but a sin-
gle remark. I thought the gentleman had con-
cluded what he desired to say.
Mr. MILLSON. In alluding to the abandon-
ment of the protective policy, I did not mean to
allude so much to the course of legislation at home
and abroad, as to the enlightened scientific senti-
ment of the world. I refer to the opinions of the
French economists upon this subject, to the opin-
ions of English economists, and to those of Amer-
ican economists. I meant to refer to that enlight-
ened public sentiment, oven in France, when the
Minister (Colbert) applied to the merchants of
France to know what he could do for them, and
when they replied to him, " Laissez nous fairs''—
let us alone. And I say that all the scientific
works that have been produced upon this subject
have concurred in and supported that sentiment.
There is as universal a concurrence upon that
subject, among those who have studied and un-
dcistood it, as there has been among astronomers
since the time of Copernicus in regard to the revo-
lution of the earth around the sun. Itis true that
ignorance may refuse to believe that the earth
moves, and not the sun; but we can only reply
that all science is agreed upon it.
Now, sir, I do not consider the voice of those
I gentlemen who represent the protected interests,
as always expressing even their own individual
sentiments upon the subject. I know that men are
sometimes subject to a bias which inclines them
to shape their opinions according to their in-
