1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
complaint has been down our way; and I know
-what it is that has laid them out there, and it is
■what I have alluded to.
Well, sir, I have no regrets to express. I have
heard a great many regrets expressed that this
subject has been introduced here. Why should
there be any regret about it? Is it not better to
meet this question fairly, and look at it as it is?
I have been enlightened by the discussion. I
think the country will profit by it. The country
•will see that the discussion has not been forced
upon the Senate by those of us who sit on this
side of the Chamber. We have not participated
in it. It has been on the other side altogether;
it has been amongst the "harmonious Democ-
racy," [laughter;] and if there has been any
danger to the harmony of that unit, they must
attribute it to themselves; not to anybody else.
Certainly, in the introduction of this amendment,
I had no desire to discuss this matter; and 1 have
no desire to discuss it now, and I shall not; but
•when I hear the doctrine proclaimed so openly,
so frequently, so boldly, and assumed as if it
•were an axiom in politics, that the Constitution
of the United States recognizes slaves as prop-
erty just as much as it does horses or mules, I
"will never submit to it without remonstrance. I
do not believe it.
Perhaps, sir, I may be called extravagant for
another remark. I hear it frequently said that
the Constitution of the United States guaranties
property in slaves. I have heard it said almost
as many days as I have been a member of the
Senate. I deny it. On the contrary, it is matter
of history and cannot be controverted, that the
founders of the Constitution entertained no such
idea, and Mr. Madison lias left it on record, that
certain things were not admitted in the Constitu-
tion, because, he said, it would not do to admit in
the Constitution the idea that there could be prop-
erty in men. No, sir, they carefully excluded it;
they shut slaves and slavery out of the Constitu-
tion. They not only shut out slaves and slavery,
but they excluded the very idea that there was to
be property in human beings. The men who
framed the Constitution, framed it unquestionably
with the idea that slavery was an evil which was
amongst them; that they would tolerate it as long
as it existed, leaving it to the progress of human-
ity and Christianity combined to wear H out; arid
they entertained the hope that, by the prohibition
of the slave trade in 1808, it would rcceive its
death blow, would soon fade away and expire and
be no more, and then that great fabric of their
wisdom and their patriotism, the Constitution of
the United States, would remain whole, perfect,
intact, with meaning in every line and eveiy sen-
tence, when there was not a slave left upon the con-
tinent. That was their idea, and they made the
Constitution with that idea in their hearts, shutting
slavery, and the idea of slaveiy, out of the Con-
stitution, with the hope that the time would come
when slavery would die under the blow which
they gave it, by the act prohibiting the slave trade
in 1808, and then there would be a glorious, per-
fect Constitution, uncontaminated with slavery.
And yet, sir, we ^are told that this Constitution
guaranties property in slaves; and if you believed
some gentlemen when they tulle about it, you
would suppose the framers of the Constitution had
no other idea in Lheir heads but to perpetuate hu-
man slavery, and that we should never have had
a. Constitution but for that. Tho preamble which
the immortal founders of that instrument have left
us, the very first page of their Constitution, shows
that that is not so; for they say that, instead of
being made to establish and perpetuate slavery, it
was made to " establish justice and " secure the
blessings of liberty." That was the object which
they had in view.
Let me examine for a moment this question of
guarantyingslavery. How does the Constitution
guaianty it? I have heaid the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mason] say thfUslave pioperty isguar-
antiod because slaves arc included in the enumera-
tion by winch tho Representatives to Congress are
chosen; the famous three-fifths article; and also
because of the clause for the rendition of fugitives.
The Constitution provides that a certain propor-
tion of slaves shall be counted in making up your
Representatives for the popular branch of the Le-
gislature; and, therefore, it is said slave property
is guarantied by the Constitution. Well, sir, in
my Stale, by virtue of that same clause of the
Constitution, the inmates of the penitentiary are
counted in making* up the number of people for
which my State is entitled to Representatives to
Congress. If counting a portion of the slaves
guaranties slavery forever, then, by providing that
all the convicts of the State prison shall be count-
ed, on the same principle, the Constitution guar-
anties that we shall always have convicts. It
provides that only a portion of the slaves shall be
counted; but that all the criminals and all the idiots
shall be counted. Does the Constitution, there-
fore, guaranty that-we are always to have idiots
and criminals?
Sir, the Constitution dealt with slavery as it did
with everythingthat pertained to the States. The
Constitution does not punish murder in any one
of the States. Does it guaranty that there shall
be murderers in the States? No, sir; it simply
leaves every State to deal with murder as it
chooses, ana so it does with slavery. It leaves
every State to deal with slaves and slavery as it
chooses; and because it refrains to interfere m the
case of slaves, and provides that a portion of them
shall be counted, it no more guaranties slavery
than it does, by refraining from laying its hana
on the criminals of the States, guaranty that there
shall always be criminals. No, sir; the Consti-
tution of the United States is subject to no such
reproach. There is neither slave nor slavery, nor
the idea in the Constitution, and you will find, by
turning to the discussions of tho framers of the
Constitution, in the Madison papers, that the
phrase, " held to servicc" was used in one of the
articles of the Constitution, because these words
imply the condition of freemen; and in that fa-
mous artftle for the surrender of fugitive, the same
term " held to servicc," is used,bccause it im-
plied the condition of freedom instead of slavery.
But, sir, I am not going to argue the question in
legard to fugitive slaves, but simply to controvert
the doctrine which has been proclaimed here so
frequently and so boldly, thut the Constitution
recognizes property in slaves.
I will say a single word in regard to the ques-
tion put by my friend from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler,] which has not been answered, and
cannot be answered. The doctrine that is under-
taken to be drawn from the Dred Scott decision
is, that Congress have no right to interfere with
slavery in the Territories, bccausc slaves are
property, and, as such, must be protected by
Congress. The doctrine is, that the Constitution
protects slavery m the Territories, because it is
property, and, as such, is entitled to protection
under the Federal Constitution. Now, sir, 1 ask
the question which the honorable Senator from
Michigan put to the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi: if the Constitution of the United States
protects slavery in the Territories, because it is
property, why does it not protect it in the States?
Where is the difierencc? Does the Constitution
of the United States have one construction in tho
Territories, and a different one in the States? Is
it not the supreme Iaw of the land ? Is there any
place where it has any binding force and author-
ity at all, that it docs not have ail force and all
authority? No, sir; i defy human casuistry and
human sophistry to find a place in the Constitu-
tion, or a suggestion, by which slavery is not pro-
tected in the States if it is protected in the 'ter-
ritories. The Constitution provides:
u Tim Constitution, ami the laws of" tile United States
which shall be made in pursuance theicou and all tieatien
niude or which shall tie, made under the authority of the
United States, shall he the supreme lawol the kind ; and
the judged in every State shall be bound theieby, anything
m the constitution or l^ws of any State to tho contrary
notwithstaftdmg."
That is the Constitution of the United States.
Then, sir, if slaves are property under the Con-
stitution of the United States, and as such pro-
tected in the Territories, they are protected in the
States. I have at my room—I wish I had it by
me now—an article from the Washington Union,
published not long after this decision came out,
which proclaimed and argued, I thought unan-
swerably, if the doctrine of the Dred Scott decis-
ion be the law, that all the laws and allghc pro-
visions of the constitutions of the free States
abolishing slaveiy, were in direct contravention
of this provision of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and therefore void. 1 cannot conceive
why it is not so. This is no idle theory. The
attempt has actually been made to establish sla-
very in the free States. I do not know what be-
came of the lawsuit which was begun in the State
of New York some years ago, possibly the Sen-
ators from New York can tell us; but I remem-
ber that a Mr. Lemmon, a few years ago, found
himself, on the way from Virginia to Texas, in
the State of New York, with about six slaves. A
habeas corpus was sued out, and the case was
brought before Judge Payne and argued. What
did Judge Payne do ? He made a decision which
1 think will commend itself to the good sense of
everybody. He decided that there was no law
against bringing slaves from Virginia into New
York, but that it was not legal to bring Virginia
laws to keep them in slavery after you had got
them'there. That was all he decided; and he
seemed to repent of even having gone so far; for
I believe he very foolishly—he is dead though,
and I would not say anything to his discredit;
but, as I began the sentence, I will finish it—he
very foolishly subscribed a sum of money to pay
Mr. Lemmon the price of the slaves which had
been freed by virtue of the laws of the State of
New York. That case was carried up, by direc-
tion of the government of Virginia, to the highest
court of the Slate of New York, with the under-
standing that it was to be carried from there to
.the Supreme Court of the United States, to decide
whether men from Virginia could hold slaves in
the State of New York. I believe there was a
qualification put on to it, that it was to be in
transitu. Well, sir, if the Supreme Court decide
that slaves may be held in the free States an hour,
they may be held forever; because, if the State
of New York is not competent to abolish slavery
in her limits for all time, I do not see where the
argument comcs from that she can abolish it for
any time. If you can hold slaves an hour there
under the Constitution, you may hold them a
year; and if a year, forever. The same attempt
was made in the State of Pennsylvania; and the
histoiy of that case is familiar to the country.
The attempt was made to hold slaves in the State
of Pennsylvania, in transitu, I believe. So, sir, it
appears that this is no idle doctrine. If the peo-
ple of the free States submit to it, and take this
Dred Scott decision as law, what will be the next
thing? We have already got to a demand that
Congress shall protect slaves in the Territories
by virtue of positive enactment; and the next
thing winch will follow, and that rapidly, will be
another law to protect them m the States. If
they can ask and obtain the consent of Congress
to enact a provision to hold slaves in the Terri-
tories, I will give up the States; because the light
cannot be resisted by any reason, by any argu-
ment, or by any authority. If you can call upon
Congress to interfere and legislate for the protec-
tion of slaves as property in the Territories, you
may have the States with them; for the difference
between the two is too inappreciable to be ob-
served by a man of ordinary capacity. There is
no difference; because, if slaves can be held there,
it is by virtue of the Constitution, and the Con-
stitution is the paramount law as well of the
States as the Torritoiies.
It is for these reasons that I desire the action
of Congress on the amendment which I have in-
troduced. I hardly expect that it will command
a majority of the Senate, though I hope it may,
and i should be glad if it would; but, sir, I want
to meet, here and now, decidedly, this doctrine.
What is to be the next thing in this history ? I
suppose we shall hear that you call this northern
aggression; for every time you make a demand,
no matter how gross, no matter how grasping, if
we resist, if wc do not give up at once, it is ag-
gression—northern aggression. Tho South de-
manded the repeal of the Missouri compromise;
they wanted to break up the old landmark. We
opposed it, and we were the aggressors—we were
the agitators. That was a new proof, a new in-
stance, of northern aggression. Well, sir, you#
wanted to carry slavery into the Territories; and
you have got it by the action of Congress, and
by the action of the Supreme Court. We re-
sisted that, and we were the aggrassors—another
instance of northern aggression. Now, you de-
mand that Congtess shall intervene affirmatively
and positively; and if wo resist that, it will be an-
other instance of northern aggression. But, sir,
if you break over this barrier, if you call upon
Congjcss, and Congress do affirmatively inter-
vene for the protection of slavery in the Terri-
tories, take it m the States, itcannot be defended,
