1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1267
and it is not defensible; and it is because it is not
defensible in the States, if you take the Territories,
that I resist it here. 1 resist it at the outset. I
say that if this principle obtains the sanction of
Congress, the barrier that protects us is broken
down; the bulwark of the Constitution, behind
which we may stand with safety, and defy your
assaults, is gone the moment we surrender ttyyou
the right, by act of Congress, to protect slavery
in the Territories. I claim not to be a prophet;
I do not issue the voice of warning to my own
friends; but I think it requires no sagacity and
no foresight to predict that the step by which
Congress will be called upon for the protection of
slavery in the States will come close behind that
by which it intervenes for its protection in the
Territories.
Sir, one honorable Senator who has addressed
this body on this subject, says that the introduc-
tion of it opens up the whole policy of the Dem-
ocratic party. I was glad to hear that admission.
That is the doctrine 1 have been preaching to my
people more than fifteen years, that the spread of
slavery comprises the Alpha and Omega of De-
mocracy; and that when you went to that, you
went to the whole policy of that parly. It is true,
I know it is true; but I did not expect it to be ad-
mitted here to-day. It is none the less and none
the more true for the admission. What other
question is there upon which this Democratic
party is united? Is it on the tariff? DothePres-.
ident and the Secretary of the Treasury sing the
same meter on that subject? Is there any unity
of sentiment between the representatives of Penn-
sylvania and Virginia on that subject? What is
the doctrine of the great united, harmonious De-
mocracy, on the tariff upon iron—take nothing
but iron ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not like to call the Sen-
ator to order, but I would prefer to have him con-
tinue that interesting subject of slavery. He has
got on another question, and I think he is out of
order.
Mr. HALE. I am; because it has been laid
down that slavery comprises the whole doctrine
of the Democratic party; and I give up. [Laugh-
ter.] I yield, sir; and I am glad to be indorsed
by the Senator from Georgia on that subject. I
will not trespass any longer on the Senate. I am
reminded that there is something on which I said
1 would speak, that I have not yet spoken on;
but I do not want to detain the Senate longer, and
I do not blame the Senator from Georgia for be-
ing a little impatient. They have only had about
seven hours on their side, and we about forty
minutes on ours; and according to an equal divis-
ion of the subject, perhaps that is about a fair ratio
of how the tiling ought to be divided. [Laugh-
ter.] It seems to be an admission that their side
requires a great deal more advocating than ours
does. I never heard a man, and I never heard a
series of men, who undertook to argue a case,
and spoke so very long, that they did not lose
the verdict. I am content to let the case stand,
and stand where it does—stand not where I have
put it, but where the friends of the Senator who
lias interrupted me have put it; and that is, upon
the aspects which this question presents in rela-
tion to the next presidential election and the Dem-
ocratic party. I admit, and I am glad that the
admission has been made on the other side, that
this covers the whole ground; and having said
that, I leave the subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLli. Mr. President, 1 have j
listened with deep interest to the debate of the j
day, and especially m relation to the history of i
the Democratic party. I myself was trained in !
the Democratic party; I learned my A B C in
the school of Jefferson, of Jackson, the apostle
and the chicftain of the true Democratic Repub-
lican party; I have fought all my political bat- •
ties in defending the principles and measures of j
the Democratic party of the United States while I
it remained, in fact, as well as in name, demo- \
cratic; and it was only because this party, now ,
in power hereat Washington, ceased to be demo- j
cratic, that I ceased to act with it. In 1854, when j
this party insisted that the Missouri compromise '
should be repealed, and that the free Territories j
of the United States should be opened to the in- |
traduction of slavery, it ceased any longer to bo !
democratic m fact, and is no longer worthy of the |
name. The true Democratic party in this coun- :
try, for more than two generations, not only ad- j
vocated, but exercised, the power of legislation
over the Territories of the United States, and al-
ways exercised that power for the restriction and
never for the extension of slavery. The honorable
Senator from Illinois, himself, [Mr. Douglas,]
for.years extolled the Missouri compromise as al-
most as sacred as the Constitution itself. The
President of the United States, Mr. Buchanan,
also has advocated the Missouri compromise a
hundred times over on the Senate floor* and on
the stump everywhere throughout the country;
and within the last few years, in a letter to Mr.
Sandford, he declared that the inference was irre-
sistible that Congress had the power to legislate
upon the subject of slavery in the Territories.
When the repeal of the Missouri compromise con-
tained in the Nebraska act was under discussion,
the honorable Senator from Texas, [Mr. Hods-
ton,] in the speech which he made on that occa-
sion, said that the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise was putting the knife to the throat of the
Democratic party. He told- the truth. It did cut
the jugular vein of that once honored and powerful
party. From that moment all its best democratic
blood has been flowing out; all that is democratic
in principle or in policy, has departed from it; all
its best and most earnest men, those who cherish
principle instead of following for official plunder,
have abandoned an organization which, though
calling itself Democratic, has cut loose from all
the landmarks of the old Democratic party. The
veteran Senator from Texas, in this House, and
the no less distinguished Benton, so long the Ajax
of that party on this floor, clearly foresaw and
warned you of the result. They told ^ou the
truth; had'they been inspired, they could not
have predicted mo-re certainly what has followed
Sir, no party can abandon its principles and
survive. And when did this measure originate?
It was Mr. Dixon, a Whig Senator from Ken-
tucky, that proposed the repeat of the Missouri
compromise. It was denounced by the leaders
of the Democratic party; it was denounced by
the Washington Union. The report which the
honorable Senator from Illinois first brought
into the Senate on the 4th of January, 1854, when
he proposed to organize the Territory of Ne-
braska, denounced, in advance, the repeal of the
Missouri compromise. The Washington Union,
as the organ of the Democratic party, for days
in succession denounced it as a Whig device, got
up for the very purpose of distracting the Dem-
ocratic party. Sir, I can quote to you now the
very language of the official journal in the city of
Washington, which then spoke for the Demo-
cratic party of the country. Not only the report
with which the Nebraska bill was first introduced
to the Senate on the 4th day of January, 1854,
by the Committee on Territories, a Democratic
committee of a Democr&tic Senate, denounced, in
advance, the repeal of the Missouri compromise;
but the Union, speaking for the Administration,
from the 4th of January up to the 24th of that
j month, continued daily to denounce it as suicidal
i to the Democracy—as a Whig device, introduced
| into the Senate for the purpose of distracting the
j Democratic party. In one of its issues it declared
| that" it involved the same issues which produced
the agitation, the sectional strife, and the fearful
struggle of 1850." It denounced it in another as
"an insidious measure." It denounced it in
another as "a measure proposed by Mr. Dixon,
a Whig from Kentucky." It denounced it again
as having been "a measure which the Whigs
and the Abolitionists in the Senate of the United
States were favoring;" and said " Whigisin and
j Abolitionism have everything to gain and nothing
to lose; the upshot may be that the agitation will
! inure to the benefit of the common opposition of
| the Democratic party." This was the 1 uignage
' of the Washington Union, day after day, ad-
! dressed to the people of the United States.
On the 24th of January, however, the Commit-
! tee on Territories reversed their own action, and
i brought in themselves a new bill incorporating
j this very provision of Mr. Dixon, of Kentucky,
I repealing the eighth section of the act admitting
j Missoun into the Union. Then, forsooth, it be-
; came a Democratic measure. In just twenty days,
a measure which had been so bitterly denounced
; as a Whig device, got up for the purpose of making
: mischief m the Democratic party, which trampled
■ under its feet its whole policy for two generations,
i bccame at once a measure of the Democraticparty.
Presto,"change 1 was the word. Then wasit her-
alded through the whole coil^itry as a Democratic
measure; and every man who opposed it was de-
nounced and punished as a traitor to the Demo-
craticparty. It was made the test of partyfealty;
and, under the lead of the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] pursued with relentless vigor
throughout the whole country. Sir, with what
measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you
again. What right have those who set up new
party tests, who abandon long-cherished princi-
ples to set up new and strange idols, and persecute,
even unto death, those who will not bow down
and worship them; to complain when the same
thing is again attempted, and new demands are
made, and new tests of party fidelity are set up,
and they themselves are compelled to bow their
necks to the relentless guillotine?
Sir, when the honorable Senator from Texas
declared that that measure would be the over-
throw of the Democratic policy of his long political
life; that it would as sure as fate put the knife to
the throat of the Democratic party; that it would,
in effect, dissolve its organization, he spoke the
words of prophecy, and they are already realized.
We have seen the result before us this day, and
exhibited on this floor.
Where is the Democratic party now ? Look
around you upon the parties upon this floor and
tell me which is the Democratic party ? If old
Hip Van Winkle had been put to sleep in some
of the purlieus of this Capitol ten years ago, and
had been awaked up suddenly and were now
to be brought in on this floor and asked to look
around him upon the parties here, and the various
Senators who represent them, which would he
say was the Democratic party ? Judging them
by their principles, which would he say was the
Democratic party ? Judging by its principles, he
would not hesitate for a moment; he would say
at once that the party which is here organized
under the name of the Republican party stands
precisely on the platform of the old Republican
party of Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, and Jack-
son. Ask him to look at the men, and then judge
which is the Democratic party; what would he
say? Why, sir, look along the Republican line,
look all around on this side of the Chamber, and
who are here ? With very few exceptions, all on
this side entered upon their political career as
members of the old Republican party, while the
living, earnest men of the Republican organiza-
tion, who have fought its battles, and will con-
tinue to fight them with an energy and power
which never fails, with a faith which takes no
denial, which may be sometimes postponed, but
never defeated, men who have never gone for a
measure which they have not earned, who never
have opposed one which they have not put down
—these are the men whom you find langed all
along the Republican line here. The same men
who, when the United States Bank undertook to
enforce its recharter, organized to put it down,
are organizing to put down a similar despotism
which seeks to-day to control the administration
of this Federal Government m its every depart-
ment. We are organized, not to trample upon
the rights of the States; not for the purpose of
putting down slavery in the States, nor in any
manner to interfere with it within the States; but
we are organized to prevent its aggressions, to
resist that attempt which, since 1854, has been so
persistently made, to use every power of the Fed-
>i eral Government, in every department, to prop-
t agate and extend the institution ofhuman slavery.
: We shall resist that attempt, and resist it to the
!i end. We have sworn before high heaven to put
r it down. We are bound to put it down. We will
; put it down. We are organized upon the prin-
j| ciples of the old Republican party, and for the
same purpose: to prevent the Government of the
United States from being made a mere instrument
I of class legislation for the benefit of any anstoc-
1 racy in this country, either North or South.
Mr. President, there is not a plank in our plat-
form to-day-whicft does not conform to the prin-
ciples of Jefferson; the man who, of ail others,
has ever been regarded the true representative of
the Republican party of this country. He w< 3
its representative in the Congress of 177G. Ho
was its leader and representative m 1800; he was
its true representative m 1812; he is the true rep-
resentative man of the Republican party to-day.
We stand, sir, upon his doctrines, and we fight'
