1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
tcrests. I believe, and have always believed, that
the great Webster was too intelligent a man not
to see the hollowness and the shallowness of the
argument which he, from time to time, produced,
as the advocate of the interests committed to his
guardianship.
One word more and I have done. The House,
I hope, will pardon me for tlvis discursive and un-
premeditated argument, for I had no purpose
-whatever of entering upon a discussion of this
subject. I only wanted to show the reasons for
making the remark which I made yesterday, to
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Morris]
made allusion. He-feared I might be read out of
the Democratic party by the Administration, be-
cause of my opposition to specifics. I have no
such fear. Nor do I fear that the Democratic
party will abandon their own position upon this
subject. I do feel strongly the dangers resulting
from the passage of this pension bill, because of
the stiength and sincerity of my opposition to
a protective tariff. I believe the people of the
United States had determined to abandon the sys-
tem of protection; I believe they will abandon it, if
left to themselves by Congress. Unless heavy
additional burdens of taxation are imposed upon
them by their Representatives in Congress, they
will abandon it. They have so determined in the
past tiiumphs of the Democratic party. They
will so determine again, in the future triumphs
of the Democratic party, if it is once more or-
ganized as a Democratic party, and only as a
Democratic party.
Mr. NICHOLS obtained the floor.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask the "gentleman from
Ohio to yield me the floor to make a single re-
mark, which will not occupy more than thirty
seconds.
Mr. NICHOLS. I will yield the gentleman
five minutes of my time, and not more.
Mr. RITCHIE. I will not occupy half that
time. It was stated by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Smith,] who addressed the committee
before the last gentleman, that he believed the ex-
isting tariff was the highest protective tan(f ever
known. I have no doubt the gentleman can make
that position out verbally completely to his own
satisfaction; but the practical business men of the
country know that such is not the fact. There is
a great deal of difference between the business
calculations of a scientific man on paper and the
experience of a practical business man; and the
gentleman will find just this difference between
his verbal demonstrations and those of practical
business men.
The gentleman who last addressed the commit-
tee will find, running thiough all htsiemaiks, the
same difficulty. The gentleman believes that the
ignorant peasants resist the truth, but he will find
that the conclusions of the practical farmers and
mechanics will overturn all the verbal arguments,
orarguments on paper, of mere, men of letters; and
understanding the fallacies of the argument oi
the gentleman from Virginia, I pledge myselt to
prove them to the satisfaction of the gentleman
from Virginia himself, it bis mind is notuttowy
hardened against the truth. .
With the consent of the gentleman from Ohio,
I now move that the committee rise.
Mr. NICHOLS. I yield for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Houston")
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bills Xsos. 66*3 and GG3, winch ho
had been instructed to report back to the House
without amendment, and with the recommenda-
tion that thev do pass; that the committee ha., a'oO
had underconsuh-vauon the annual message of the
President of the United States, and had com** to
1)0 resolution tbeieen. t
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri, demanded tne pre-
vious question upon the engrossment of House
bill No. 66:2; it being the pension appropriation
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidereu to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was read
the third time.
Jilr. PHKLPS, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the bid.
The previous question was seconded, and the j
main question ordered to be put i
The bill was then passed. !
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved the previous
question upon the Military Academy appropria-
tion bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered-to be put.
The bill was ordered to be 'engiossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question 011 the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The hill was then passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the votes by which the two bills were sev-
erally passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsiderbe laid upon the table; which lattei mo-
tion was agreed to.
MOBILE AND OHIO RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. BAIIKSDALE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of the Mobile and
Ohio Railroad Company; which wiS read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
LOCATORS UPON SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. LOVR.TOY, by unanimous consent, intro-
! duced a bill for the relief of locators upon swamp
I lands; which was read a first and second time,
and rtflcrred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT GALVESTON.
Mr. JOHfN COCHRANE. I a«k the unani-
mous consent of the House to report hack fiom '
the Committee on Commerce Senate resolution ]
J (No. 54) for changing the plan of the custom-
i house at Gnlveston, 111 the St.ite of Texas, for the
' purpose of putting it upon its passage. I will
i say to the House,"that it is a matter of great-im-
portance to have it, passed without delay.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is to be put
1 upon Us passage, I object. I think it doubtful
! whether we have a quotum here.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
IletoUcf, That the Committee on Foreran Affairs be
irwtr'lctod to icpoit a bill uultionzm« ami joqumng the
I'roM'kv.t of the tJi 11«icl to take and ref.ua tho pos-
sesion (if i!u' Manrt of CnlM, unl"-s within th" m \t smx
inoiitlis*. the Mini o  r>:. aeknou ird-j.Ml in the >car
hvtbeHpanis.li (Jovonmion! to ln  <1 in• to citizen*o<"tho
llnirt'tj States tor <lntie- unpMiv exacted from Amuican
at different ciNtom-hon-e^ 1:1 Cuba, uc puid.aii'l
M!i.-iaet,oa be siwn to the Pse-hh-nt jot in-ulN h; ictofWc
offer ud to oiu t'l 'g, and iiijui irs? mllicted on the ptu?ons and
pioporrj of our eiti/.-.ni1.
Mr. MORGAN objected.
CALL OF STATES FOR BILLS, ETC. j
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, asked unanimous ,
consent to introduce the following resolution: j
Rctoli'cl, Tli.it al Cine o'clock, to-morrow, the Speaker 1
will pioci'i'rt to rail the St,lie's; and upon such call, mem- i
Ivrs in IV litnoi'uee lult- and join! re-otutioiin lul releieliee,
ot wlaeti pn vioii-, uonee lia.- le'cn £i\ea. ,
Mr. NlCHOLS objected. j
ALEXANDRIA AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD, j
Mr. SMITH, of Vn:;inia, asked unanimous
consent to introduce a bill, of which previous no- j
tico had been given, for the relief of tiie Aluxan- ,
dri:i and Washau^on Railroad Company. <
Mr. PETTIT objected. j
MRS. SilAYv".
On motion of Mr. PEN DLE TON, it was
G>rl, Tnai b-avr h« -.riant'' 1 towslbdi.'w fn<,  tin* files
onii.'HoiiM; tho pipe; > in thcc-a-eol tin1 appMMiiuii of Mi>.
ishdw.
J. D. TREVILLE.
On motion of Mr. MILTS, it was
OrJeicl, That lrta\c bo giaim ri to wuhdiaw from tlio fil^s
of the Court of Oiaim^ the paper.-- in tne ca=e of CnpUm J.
J>. Tr«vdle, (01 the puipo^e of inference to a committee of
the Ilon-e.
| MARIA AND ELIZABETH SWART.
' Mr. ANDREWS asked unanimous consent, to
| introduce a bill, of which previous notice had"
been '"iven, lot' the relief of Alalia Swait and
Elizabeth Swart.
i, Objection was made.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I understand' the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] withdraws
his objection to my resolution, if modified. _ •
Mr. NICHOLS. I have certainly no objection
if the gentleman modifies the resolution so asi to
provide that the States shall be called at lialf past
twelve o'clock to-morrow, the call to be continued
half an hour.
Objection was made.
MILITARY LANDS IN OHIO.
Mr. STANTON asked unanimous consent to
introduce a bill, of which previous notice had
been given, ceding the vacant lands in the Vir-
ginia military district in the State of Ohio, for
school purposes.
Mr. HUGHES objected.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mis-
sissippi, (at three o'clock and forty minutes* p.
m.,) the House adjournod. >
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 23, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. F. X. Boyle.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Leslie Combs, praying tho payment of Texas
bonds, formerly bold by him, but which have
been lost, and also a pro rata distribution of the
money appropriated by Congress for the satisfac-
tion of the Texas bonds, and now remaining in
the Treasury; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Churls.
Mr. CAMERON presented proceedings of a
meeting of the soldiers of the war of 1812, held
at Umontown, Fayette county, Pennsylvania,
December 16, J858, in favor of the enactment of
a pension law that will be just to the Govern-
ment and generous to tho soldiers of that war;
which were referred to the Committee on Pe.n-
sions.
He also presented the petition of William H-
Crabbe, clerk of the navy-yard at Philadelphia,
praying that the salary of the clerks at the sev-
eral naval stations may be increased; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of the District of Columbia, praying the enact-
ment of a law to prevent malicious mischief and
to protect property in that District; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. KING. I present the petition of Mary
Evet ts, of Friendship, in the county of Allegany,
State of New Yoik, leprcsenting that she is the
only surviving child of Colonel Gideon Lrown-
son, formeily of Sunderland, in the county of
Bennington, m the State of Vermont. Her father,
as she has been informed by inm, was a soldier
in the Fiench war, from the State of Connecticut;
before the commencement of the revolutionary
war, he moved to Sunderland, and was at the
taking ofTicondeiogaunderColonel Ethan^AlUm,
and subsequently commanded a company in Col-
onel Warner's regiment. He was engaged in,
and wounded at,"the battle of Bennington, and
subsequently was taken by a scouting paity of
Indians; was wounded, and taken as a prisoner
to Montreal. Previous to the close of the revo-
' lutionary war, she lepresents that her lather was
j commissioned, and served, as a major of a regi-
I ment, and bis services are in part, or wholly,
shown by the records m the Pension Office at
| Washington, and in the office of the Secretary of
! the State of Vermont. The petitioner is seventy-
i five years of age; she is very poor, and has no
i means of supporting heiself; and she respectfully
i asks Congress to grant to her an annual pension
■ to continue during her life. I move that tne pc-
! tin m be referred to the Committee on tensions.
I The motion was agreed to. _ .
! Mr KING also presented the petition of citi-
! zens of Friendship, New York, praying that a
I pension may be allowed to Mary Everts; which
] was referred to the Committee on Pensions
i He also presented the petition of olhcers of the
I State government and members of the Legislature
: of New York, praying that a pension may be
' granted to Mary Everts; which was referred to
the Committee oil Pensions. "
Mr. SIMMONS jncaeuted the petition of John
