186
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
T. Ferguson, administrator of John Ferguson,
late naval officer at the port of New York, pray-
ing to be paid his portion of the proceeds of cer-
tain wool which has been paid into the Treasury;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the memorial of
M. Meeker, remonstrating against the right of
an officer of the Government to exact rent from
certain lead mines worked by him; and asking
that the same rule may be applied to him that
was applied in the case of .Tohn P. B. and Henry
Gratiot; which was referred to fhe Committee on
Claims.
Mr. RICE presented a memorial of citizens of
Washington Territory, praying to be reimbursed
a sum nf money expended by them in opening
the military road from Fort Steiiacoon to Fort
Walia Walla; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers ofJoseph K. Boyd,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of C. B. Cluskcy,
on the liies of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of
Public Buildings and Grounds.
vHESTER STOLL.
Mr. SHIELDS. I present the petition of Hes-
ter Stoll, widow of Urban Stoll, late a soldier in
the Army, praying for a pension. I will state, in
presenting this petition, that the petitioner is the
widow of a soldier who served some twenty-six
years in the Army, and received an honorable dis-
charge and a small pension for his services; that
she herself served as hospital-matron throughout
the Florida war, and attended to the sick and
wounded in that war. She afterwards accompa-
nied the American army when it landed at Brazos
Santiago, and acted as hospital-matron through-
out the whole of that campaign in Mexico. I know
that her services were exceedingly valuable in con-
nection with the sick and those who were suffer-
ing from privation and wounds. She is now a
very old woman, and calls upon the sympathy of
Congress. I hope the Committee on Pensions will
consider her case favorably, and report a bill for
her relief. 1 move its reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
GENERAL NATHANIEL GREENE.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I am
requested to present to the Senate the petition of
the grandson of General Nathaniel Greene of the
revolutionary army. The object of the petition
will be best made known by its wading. 1 pres-
ent it with a great deal of pleasure to the consid-
eration of the Senate. I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read jt, as follows:
To (he Senate and House of RepiacntahKCf,
of the United Si at a oj wa in Congress assembled.
It ts universally acknowledged by the biuricnts of our
revolunonary lustoty, both in Eiuope and in Amouca, that
next to Washington, the lirst place was held by Nathaniel
(iieene, of Rhode Island. Tin* officer joined the army be-
fore Boston immediately alter the battle ol Lexington, as
lirigadiei Geneial of the coutingentonu-  native State ; was
made Major General m 1776 ; Quarteunaster General in
177# ; an office whtoh he accepted only at the indent solioi-
latJonofW ashington and the committee of CongH'vs; Com-
inauder-m-ChicI ot the southern department m 1780 ; reived
through the whole wai without a day's furlough ; and died
tinee years after the peace, bequeathing his lcputation k>
the honot and justice of his country. Hit- private and official
correspondence during thi^penod contain important mate-
rials tor the general history ot the war, and the only au-
thentic ones tor the history or the Uuartermaster Geneial's
depai tincnt, and of those bulhant campaigns which rescued
the Carohnas and (ieoigia from the enemy.
Foi more than ten yeaisj'our rnemouah*t has boon c?i-
SMgcd m collecting and aii.tngmg these document'-, in the:
hope of pi curving for posterity this essential pait ot our
national instoiy. They con&i&t of moie than six thousand
original letter*, upwaids of two thousand of winch were
■wnttea bvUeneial Gieenc. The only method by which
they can be seaued against the chances which have de-
stroyed so many invaluable document*, and made gonetaily
accessibly to the students of our lustoiy, is by punhcatiou.
GeneialGr<>eue\- own iotteis vviiiiill nine volume*-,inakintr,
with Ins life, ten volumes- of the same mzc and st}!e with
the first edition of Spaik's Washington. It is foi the ac-
comph&hn.ent of thNumlei taking, exceeding the just bounds
of individual enterpiiso,and belonging to a ela^s leeogmzed
by all Governments a=^ smuly national, that your memori-
alist a^k-- Congu'ss to give its aid, by taking two thousand
copies at the rate of ih.pp dollais a volume.
On the nth of Augiir-t 17SG. six weeks after the death of
Geneial (heene, it was resolved by a Congiesa familiar with
nil the cucumstanet.:< of lies caicer. and upon the lenort of
a committee composed of Mr. Lee and Mr. Carrington, of
Virginia, and Mr. Pettit, of Pennsylvania:
"That a monument be erected to the memory of Nathan-
iel Greene, Esq., at the seat of the Federal Government,
with the following inscription:
" 'Sacred to the memoiy of Nathaniel Greene, Esq., a na-
tive of the State of Rhode Island, who died on the 19th of
June, 1786, late major general in the service of the United
States, and commander of their army in the southern de-
partment. The United States in Congress assembled, m
honor of his patriotism, valor and ability, have elected this
monument.'
" Resolved, That the board of Treasury take order for the
due execution of the foregoing resolution."
That monument was never erected, and not a stone re-
mains to show where the ashes of the hero of the South
mingled with the soil of the country which he saved. Your
memorialist, the son of his still-surviving son, takes this
opportunity of declaring, m the name of his family, their
united belief that the best monument which can be raised
to the memory of such a man, is by perpetuating and diffu-
sing the authentic record of his actions.
GEORGE WASHINGTON GREENE.
New York, December 18, 1858.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 move that the memo-
rial be referred to the Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRO"^"N,from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 406) to authorize the city of Washington
to distribute and use the water soon to be intro-
duced therein from the Potomac river, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds; which was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the let-
ter of the Second Auditor of the Treasury, com-
municating copies of accounts of pcrsdns charged
with disbursements or application of moneys,
goods, or effects, for the benefit of the Indians,
during the year ending 30th June, 18o8, together
with a hst of the names of the persons to whom
goods, moneys, or effects have been delivered
during that period, asked to be discharged from
its farther consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, to obtain their
opinion as to the propriety of printing the report;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the resolution of
the Senate of Aptil 1,1858, relating to the amend-
ment of the laws for taking affidavits and holding
to bail, so as to enlarge the powers of commis-
sioners, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject; which was agreed to.
COURTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 478)
to provide for holding the courts of the United
Stares in the State of Alabama, have instructed
mo to report it, with a lecommendaUon that it
pass. I ask the Senate to allow its present con-
sideration. Jf itgives rise to the slightest debate,
1 am willing that it shall go over. It is a tempo-
rary law, arising from an emergency owing to the
illness of the judge of that district. I can make
a statement explaining it, in a few moments. I
hope it will be considered now.
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the"" Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
Mr. BAYARD. The necessity for passing this
bill, which is purely temporary in its character,
arises from the illness and the precarious state of
health of the existing judge of the district courts
in Alabama. The judge of the supreme crourt, who
presides in the fifth circuit, is willing to assume
those labors temporarily while the district judge
is under that disability, without any expense to
the United States, or any compensation. It is
impossible, under the existing laws—which pro-
vide for disabilities of that kind by taking judges
of the same circuit—to provide for this case, owing
to the press of business on the Louisiana district
judge and the other judge in the fifth circuit. Unless
something be done, during the illness of the dis-
trict judge, the suitors will be left without remedy.
I think there can be no possible objection to the
bill. It is temporary in its character, and is lim-
ited expressly to the duration of two years. I
hope the Senate will pass it, so that justice may
be had there.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oideied to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 481) to prescribe the time and man-
ner of holding elections for Senators of the Uni-
ted States; which was read twice byits title,and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No. 482) to
dividethe State, of Iowa into two judicial districts;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (S. No. 18) to appropriate one million
acres of the public lands of the United States for
the benefit of free public schools in the District
of Columbia, introduced by Mr. Wilson, at the
last session, was, on his motion, taken from the
table and referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
ROGUE RIVER INDIANS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to furnish to the Senate a statement showing the amount
yet remaining due to claimants and unprovided for, under
the third article of the treaty made with the Rogue River
Indians,of Oregon Terntory,on the 10th day of September,
1853, as ascertained by commissioners appointed for that
purpose.
SPECIFIC DUTIES.
Mr. SIMMONS. I beg leave to offer a resolu-
tion of inquiry, and to ask for its consideration
at this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, directed to report to the Senate a plan for raising
revenue sufficient in amount'to meet the ordinary expenses
of the Government, by the imposition of specific, instead of
ad valorem, duties, according to the recommendation of the
President in his annual message to Congress at its present
session; and that he also furnish a schedule of all articles
upon which specific duties have been levied under any of
the revenue laws of the United States; and to add to such
schedule such other articles upon which, in his judgment,
specific duties may be safely and conveniently imposed,
(with the average value, for the last five years, of such of
them in foreign countiics and in the United States as he ha*
the means of ascertaining.) with the rate p^r centum which
was collected upon the value of the principal articles sub-
ject to hpecific duties under the tariff act of 1842.
Mr. IVERSON. Let that resolution lie over#.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over.
Mr. SIMMONS. The object of this resolution
is to get some information, and there will be no
day to call it up until after the recess, unless it is
considered now, and the schedule can as well he
made out while wc are off on a visit as at any
other«time. It is a mere matter of information.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not want the informa-
tion myself, and do not want it presented here.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do.
THE IRON TRADE.
Mr. CAMERON. I presented last week a me-
morial from a convention of ironmasters in rela-
tion to the manufacture of iron, giving many
statistics in regard to it. The question of print-
ing it was referred to the Committee on Printing;
and I am now authorized by the committee to
report in favor of printing it. I ask that the re-
port may be concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. I will not object to taking up the
report, if such be the pleasure of the Senate; but
I give notice that I shall oppose the printing, and
give my reasons for that opposition.
Mr. CAMERON. If it requires unanimous
consent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report having
been made to-day, it requires unanimous consent
to consider it. The Chair has not heard an ob-
jection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to taking it up
now.
A. HARRIS AND S. F. BUTTERWORTH.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill (3. No. 201) for the relief
of Arnold Harris and Samuel F. Butterworth,
The levy of an execution on the property of the
defendants requires that it should be passed at an
early day. It is reported by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and I presume
there will be no objection to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. ' I object.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. STUART. I wish to ask the Senate to
