1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
m
take up the bill (H. R. No. 2) donating public
lands to the several States and Territories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture j
arid the mechanic arts. It is a bill which I had
made the special order the other day.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, I inquire of the Sena-
tor from Michigan, if his objcct in taking up the
bill is to discuss it, or give it any particular,di-
rection ?
Mr. STUART. My object is to ask the Sen-
ate to vote upon the bill to-day. That is the ob-
ject I have in asking the Senate to take it up.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The same objection
which I urged to the Senate on a former occasion
applies with equal, if not more, force to-day than
on the day the Senator last asked the Senate to
take up and discuss that bill. If I understand cor-
rectly, that bill involves the appropriation of a
very large amount of the public lands, approach-
ing six million acres. It is one which attempts
to establish a new theory in the disposition of the
public lands, and the relations of this Government
towards the States. 1 hardly believe that my friend j
from Michigan supposes that that bill can be taken
up and a vote obtained on it to-day, involving, as
it does, important principles, particularly as it has
not been reported to this body by the sanction of
a majority of the committee that had charge of it.
It seems to me that, at the last hour, when we are
about to ail journ for the holidays, it would be out
of place to take up and dispose of such a bill when
two of the Senators who composed the commit-
tee that investigated the subject are absent. The
Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] is not in
his seat, nor has he beerrhere since the commence-
ment of the session. He, doubtless, will be pre-
pared to throw some light on this subject; he is
expected here before Congress leassembles after !
the holidays.
Another important member of that committee,
the Senator fiom Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] is also absent.
He has been detained, as I have before stated to
the Senate, by indisposition—not, to be sure, in
his own family, but in families connected with
him. I have written to that Senator as to the
importance of his presence here, and I am frank
to say that I want the benefit of his counsel, and
the knowledge lie has, and the light he can throw
on this bill, before I vote upon it. I take it for
granted, from what he said to me in his letter, re-
ceived but a few moments before the call was
made by the Senator to take up that bill, a few
days ago, he will be here by the time Congress
reassembles. He is decidedly opposed to the
bill, and is anxious to be here before it shall be
acted en by the Senate.
Now, I call upon the Senate to say if it is
proper, and awarding the usual courtesy to the
absent Senators, to take up and pass a bill of such
grave importance, when we are about to adjourn
for ten days, with the almost absolute certainty
that two members of that committee will be here
when we meet again. I trust that the Senate will
not take up the bill, and will not attempt to con-
sider it until an opportunity shall be allowed to
those who are opposed to it to be heard. I am
not a member Of the Committee on Public Lands,
and do not profess to be conversant with the de-
tails of the bill; but I say to the Senate, that it is
one which demands very serious consideration
before it should receive the sanction of this body.
One member of the committee says that he is
anxious to be heard upon it; I trust, therefore, the
Senate will not yield to the motion made by the
Senator from Michigan; but if his object is to be
heard, without a design of pressing the Senate to
a vote, I am willing to hear him. 1 was not pres-
ent when the motion was made to make the bill
a special order, or I should have objected to it at
that time.
Mr. STUART. I ought to have corrected a
misapprehension of the Senator from Alabama
the other day. The only reason why I did not do
it is the strong disinclination I have to discuss a
question on a motion to take up the bill. But the
Senator is entirely mistaken in supposing that
the bill is reported to the Senate without the sanc-
tion of the Committee oil Public Lands. A ma-
jority of the Committee on Public Lands were m
'favor of reporting the hill, and the committee au-
thorized it fo be "reported. One of the members
of that committee, nl the time the report was
made, exniessed himself as unable to say what
his course would be on the hill itself; but on the
very day, or the next day after, the bill was re-
ported, he having authorized the report, he told
me he was for the bill, and would vote for it.
But, sir, it is a mistake to suppose that it was
reported without the sanction of a majority of the
committee. It was reported with the sanction of
a majority of a full committee; and certainly it is
strange that surprise^hould be manifested that I
should urge action upon this bill. There is every
consideration why I should do so. I have been
anxious to get it up, but other measures have
been interposed to prevent it, from time to time;
certainly not measures of any greater importance.
Now the Senate is about to adjourn for ten days
or a fortnight, and then appropriation bills will
be comingln here, and we shall be urged by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance not to con-
sider any other subject so long as we have an ap-
propriation bill before us. This bill, therefore,
like every other measure of the kind, will be con-
stantly met with impediments, and those imped-
iments will thicken as the session progresses.
But, sir, it must be determined by the pleasure of
the Senate. I am only acting in the discharge of
what seems to me to be an imperative duty rest-
ing on me. If the Senate, for reasohs of their
own, decline to take up this measure, certainly
I can find no fault ivith them; but it is my duty
to ask them to do it, and to urge a vote upon it.
So far as the Senator from Ohio is concerned,
as I said the other day, I think the request made
on his behalf, under the circumstances, entirely
unreasonable. He is acquainted with no facts
that are not obvious to every Senatorin the body.
All he desires is to present a legal argument upon
the power of Congress to make such a grant.
That question is as old as the Government itself;
and each Senator doubtless entertains his own
views upon it, which would not be affected by
anything that the Senator from Ohio could say.
The facts involved in the bill are plain and simple;
they are upon the face of it; they arc easily compre-
hended; so that there is nothing, either in the con-
stitutional question or in the practical question,
that every Senator is not perfectly familiar with.
I desire not to take up the time of the Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. In relation to the ques-
tion of fact about the majority of the committee,
the Senator from Michigan, who is chairman of
the committee, of course has a better right to
speak than I have. All the information I have on
it was obtained from a communication made to
me by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. STUART. It is a mistake. What I said
is correct.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will not undertake to
gainsay the statement of the Senator from Mich-
igan, that the majority of the committee are, at
this time, in favor of it; but at the time the Sen -
ator from Ohio wrote to me, lam satisfied his im-
pression was that they stood three to three, one
declining to vote, as I understand. Since then,
that, one mav have yielded his assent.
Mr. STUART. No, sir. The majority of the
committee instructed me to report the bill to the
Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. So I understood, in-
formally, fi om the Senator from Michigan, I will I
do him the justice to say, since my remarks on a '
previous occasion; but I wish to put myself right
on the information I communicated to the Senate.
It was predicated upon a communication from the
Senator from Ohio to me. It is now near one
o'clock, and we have, peihaps, but two or three ]
hours to sit. Two members of the Committee ,
on Public Lands are absent, and wo are asked to j
take up and dispose of a measure which is novel i
in its character, and which, 1 venture to say, has j
never received the sanction of this body from the ;
foundation of the Government; and, in addition
to that, we have one of the Senators who is absent |
calling upon the Senate to allow him a reasonable ,
time to be here, as he is anxious to discuss and j
vote upon this bill. Now, 1 ask Senators, and I
appeal to the courtesy and liberality that usually
prevail in this body, is it light or proper to take ,
up and dispose of a bill of this character, under j
such circumstances? I say not; and { do trust ,
that the Senate will not take up the bill, but will i
jj let it remain as it is until the reassembling of Con- j
l! press. This is all I have to say.
j Mr. BRIGHT. I dislike to interpose any ob-
S1 jeciion tckthe motion of the Senator from Michi-
|| gan, butl must insist upon calling up a resolution
which I reported from the.Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, on Tuesday last. If this
bill be taken up, I apprehend it will consume the
remainder of the day; and, if we intent! to act <Jfi
the report of the Committee on Public Buildings,
it must be acted on to-day, in order to carry otit
the object of the report. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his motion until this report can be taken
up and disposed of.
Mr. 1VERS0N. The Senator from Michigan
has made his motion oil several occasions to
take up this bill, and I think that the Senate has
indulged him sufficiently to testify to his zeal in
behalfof this measure; and I presume that is about
all the Senator desires—that his zeal for the pas-
sage of this measure may go before the country,
and be understood. I do not see any necessity
for pressing it to a hasty conclusion, though the
Senator seems to desire so earnestly to have the
action of the Senate upon it. It is a bill which
the Senator must certainly be aware cannot pass
without some debate. It is a bill, as I understand,
which proposes to take out of the public Treas-
ury, in the way of public lands, many million
dollars; and, in the present exhausted condition
of the Treasury, I trust no such bill wilt pass this
body without a manly resistance from some quar-
ter or other.
But, sir, there are only fifteen minutes remain-
ing, before the time will arrive when the special
order is to be taken up, and certainly it can do
no good to the Senator to take up that bill now,
simply to lay it down again. We certainly can-
not dispose of it without thrusting aside the Pa-
cific railroad bill, and that I apprehend cannot be
done without riding over the dead body of my
distinguished friend from California. [Laughter.]
It would kill him if we were to thrust his bill
aside; and I trust no such calamity will bo visited
on the country and on the Senate, merely to take
up a bill which is of vastly less importance.
I oppose the taking up of this bill because, if
the Senate refuse to take it up, I desire to ask
them to take up a private bill, which is a matter
of some consequencc. It is a bill which was re-
ported by the Committee on Claims, at the last
session, for the relief of John R. Nourse, and
others. It is to relieve him from the operation of
a judgment which the United States have now
against him, upon the bond of a former purser.
The case is one of great merit, and it is likely to
involve the claimant in a good deal of danger.
The judgment is now standing against him. He
is likely to be put to great inconvenience. His
property may be sacrificed under the hammer of
the sheriff; and if he is to be relieved at all, it is
important he should be relieved promptly. It is
atase in which the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Har-
lan] feels a personal interest, and it is to oblige
him, as well as to accomplish an act of justice in
behalfof this claimant, that I shall ask' the Sen-
ate to take it up and pass it. I think it will give
rise to no debate, for a simple statement of the
facts in the report of the committee, which is very
short, will satisfy every Senator that the bill
ought to pass. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
not take up the bill to distribute this large amount
of public lands, but that the Senate will, at my
request, take up this private bill, so that this party
may be relieved from the danger in which he now
stands.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. KENNEDY (when his name was called)
said: I merely wish to state that though a friend
of the bill, for the reasons stated by the Senator
from Alabama, 1 vote " nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 20, nays
26; as follows:
YEAS—Miosis. Bmrt.'rick, Cameron, Chandler, Oolla-
mei. Oixon, Doolutle, Dinkee, Fcssemlen, Fool, Foster,
Hamlm. Km", howard. Simmon*, Stunrl.'lliomsofl of New
Jersey.'Trumbull: Wade, Wilson, ami Wriclit—ml.
NA'Yri— Messrs. tSates. Bayard, I.igler, Blight, Bimrn,
Clav. Olingrnan, Outtenden, Davis. Fitch, Fit/patriek,
(liven. Uvun, Italian. Houston, Hunter, lvcrsou, Johnson
of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Ma^on, VolK, Keid, liice,
Sebastian, Slidcll, Toombs, and Ward—28.
So the motion was not agreed to.
JAMB TURNBULL.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, as we
are about entering upon the holidays, I wish to
do it with a good and cheeiful spirit, and do a
