188
♦■THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
good deed beforehand. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 22S) for the relief of Jane TurnbulL It
will occupy, on my part, not fivo minutes, if the
Senate shall see fit to take it up. This bill was
in progress, with the bills for the relief of Mrs.
Jones and Mis. Games, and several others of like
character, at the last session. We were busily
engaged in passing them; the debate had ceased;
all the other bills passed, and this would have
passed in five minutes after, but for the exercise
of the great prerogative of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, to whom we render pre-
cedence"; became in at that moment and cut it off.
The other bills have passed, and are now before
the House of Representatives. I ask that tins
may be passed, and take the same fate with tiie
other bills in that House.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 229$ for the relief of Jane
Turnbuil, which had been reported adversely by
the Committee on Pensions. It requires the .Sec-
retary of the Interior to place the name of Jane
Turnbuil, widow of the late Colonel William
Turnbuil, of the Army of the United States, on
the pension roll, at the rate of fifty dollars per
month, from December 10, 1857, for and during
her natural life.
Mr. CLAY. Road the report.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 believe there was no
written report made by Uie committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no report
in writing, but there are papers accompanying the
bill.
Mr. FOSTER. The report of the committee
"was adverse, but there was no written report.
The majority of the committee thought the peti-
tioner not entitled to the relief asked for by the
bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That rendeis it neces-
sary for me to make a buef statement of the case
as it appears upon the pi oof'on file. William
Turnbuil entered the Army in 1819; he died in
1857. lie never, during that whole period, as it
appears from the official list of his carccr in the
Army, asked for leave of absence, except on ac-
count of sickness and inability to perform his
duties. lie served everywhere—from one end of
this country to (he other, belonging to the most
scientific department of the Army—the topograph-
ical engineers. He served tu Mexico. lie was
twice bievetted foi serwees m Mexico. Lledied
of rheumatism of the heart, induced by exposure
there. A man of remarkable stiengtb—a very ath-
letic man, and of the finest con Mi tut ion, it was his
fate, while serving m Mexico, to suiter exceeding-
ly frem exposure to the climate. I n t:\lknur with
G( neiiil Scott or. this subject, the fust day I s;fv;
him, I believe, after the death of Colonel Turn-
bull, he told me, with that pnxsionate sort ol gi ief
with winch beseemed to regard the death of this
gentleman, " 1 killed hm>, sir." " 1 low was tli.it,
geneial'" " At the sit ire of Vera Cnr/:, a feni-
ble iioilher blowing upon us the whol** time, i
sent him out on service; he was exposed the whole
day to a storm of cold wind fiom the not th, and
to clouds of sand; he got back to my quarteis at
night, after having served the whole day, unable
to get off his hoise, almost frozen, utterly ex-
hausted; he had to bo lifted from his horse; and,
•with such refreshment's could bo admimstcied
to him, he lecoveied; but he never finally lecov-
ered from that shock." It is cert.fied by his phy-
sician that he was aftei wauls sent upon the north-
ern frontier to superintend some works of the
Goves nment there. Tins aided the shock which
his constitution had leceived m Mexico, lie came
bark, fmie after time, with the rheumatism with
which he was shuhtiy attacked, from the period
of this exposure in Mexico.
The VICE PR ESI DENT. The Chair regrets
that he is obliged to intcriupt the Senator; but it
is his dihy to cnl! attention to the fact that the
hour has arrived for the consideration of the spe-
cial ordei.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope it will be post-
poned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be the pleasure
of the Senate, it will be informally postponed.
The Chair heais no objection. The Senator from
Kentucky will proceed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He continued in ser-
vice occasionally, his physicians certifying from
time to time that he was not fit for that position,
that he was subject to acute rheumatism to such
an extent that he could not stay there; and he
was recalled and sent to the South. At Wilming-
ton, North Carolina, he died. Being apparently
well, in the evening this acute rheumatism at-
tacked him and is supposed, by his physicians,
to have fallen on the heart. He died in hisbed,
nobody present, 'and he laas left a family, for
whose benefit this provision is asked. Surely, so
far as the merits of the father ean entitle this fam-
ily to a compensation, his services f©r over thirty
years, of the most arduous character, exposing
him in every climate in making surveys, and par-
ticularly in our war with Mexico, ought to be
enough to secure them this small allowance. After
that time, the effects pioduced in Mexico having
been renewed and aggravated by his service in the
north, befell a victim to that service and exposure.
So far as his merits are concerned, it seems to
me his family is amply entitled to relief; and so
far as that family can speak, they are abundantly
justified in appealing to the liberality of Congress.
Such a family of children has hardly been left by
any officer in our service who has died. They
are in utt^want. He had a large family. All
his pay was neccssary to supportthem during his
life. To be in his house, as I have been, and as
many a Senator here has been, and see that beau-
tiful economy with which the expenses ofa large
family were brought within the compass of small
moans, was an affecting si^hteven in his lifetime.
He has left a wife that well deserved such a hus-
band , utterly in want, with nothing, I believe, but
a naked house.
1 hope, sir, that this bill will pass. Others
like it; others, not more meritorious, passed this
body at the last session, when tins bill was here
also for action, and the consideration of it was cut
off by some of those necessary movements on the
paitof the Finance Committee that stopped the
hearing of Mich bills. 1 wish not to detract from
the merits of other bills; but Mrs. Gaines's bill
was passed, Mis Jones's bill was passed, and
Mrs. Smith's bill was passed, by this body at the
last session, and sent to the other House. This
was in company with them here, and was retarded
by the accidental circumstance 1 have alluded to.
I'think the Senate will deem it but justice >f those
bills aie to pass, that this bill shall pass, and if
so, that rt should be put on an equal footing with
those other bills, which aie pending befoie the
i hat e of Peprcsentutivcs. I hope the Senate will
pas i this bul.
Mr. Sf 11 ELDS. Mr. President, as stated by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, a bill
p isscd both bodies at the last session after full
consideration, precisely similar in its character to
this. The only difference was—ami I would su<^-
gnst to the honorable Senator tOrmake a change
in that respect here—as to the amount. The
amount allowed in the case of Mrs. Parnard, the
widow of a \ei y gallant officer, was thn ty dollars
a month. Tins lull proposes to al!o\v fifty dollars,
and I think it would peihaps be well to establish
some s v!•'tein, to equalize these pensions as nearly
as possible. To be sure, this officer held a higher
rank, and I can testify m a great measure to the
truth of the statement of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky. I knew this officer well. He
was a brave, efficient, and worthy officer; and 1
am satisfied, from my own knowledge, that he
contracted the disease that occasioned hisdoath in
the manner stated by the honoiable Senator fiom
! Kentucky. I do not know how it is that tins bill
i ban been repotted unfavorably by the Committee
j on Pension*. There may be some circumstances
j of proof that did not reach them. It may not
] have been made clear—1 dare say it was not—
| that he died of disease contracted in the line of
j ins duty in the Army; but it is precisely similar
: to the case that 1 have mentioned. Several other
! eases stand on the same footing, and I think it
| but fa'i* and just ih.it there should be the same
i amount of pension granted to the widow of this
' nicntouons officer as to the widows of others,
namelv. thirty dollars a month.
Mr. IIAMLlN. I desire to inquire of either
of the Senators who have spoken, whether this
lady is now in the receipt of a pension under the
existing law ?
Mr. CHITTENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. HAMLIN. The case as the Senator from
Kentucky states it, it seems to me, is \^ry clearly
one provided for by existing law.
Mr. CLAY. I will explain the reason why no
pension was granted in this case, and why the
committee reported against it. Under the gene-
ral law, all those widows whose husbands die in
battle or die of wounds received or diseases con-
tracted in battle, or of diseases contracted in the
service of the country, are entitled to a pension;
but we had no evidence before uo to satisfy us
that Colonel Turnbuil died under those circum-
stances; and I do not think that any one who
will read the evidence can come to that conclu-
sion. It was on that account we reported against
it. We saw that it would be making an initial to
the pensioning of'the widow of everybody who
died in the Army of the United States, and we
were not prepared to do so. I should not, how-
ever, perhaps, have said a wotd against this bill
if the pension now proposed to be given to Mrs.
Turnbuil was not greater than that which the
widow of General Scott would be entitled to re-
ceive if he were to die at this time, and it is more
than twice as much as she would be entitled to
under existing laws.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is the objection, and
the only one; and I agree with the honorable Sen-
ator from Alabama, that there was not,and could
not be, sufficient evidence before the committee
to show that he died of disease contracted in the
line of his duty. It is very difficult to prove that
point; whereas, as stated by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, the circumstances connected
with his career m the Army show the fact to be
that he died of disease so contracted. But, as the
honorable Senator from Alabama says, there is
no widow of an officer in the Army of the United
States who receives a pension higher than thirty
: dollars a month; and I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to make that amendment.
Mr.GWIN. I served with Colonel Turnbuil
after he returned from the Mexican war. It is
within my own knowledge that he did contract
disease during that war, which no doubt resulted
m his death; but he died suddenly, unknown to
any person, and he left no testimony behind as to
that point. He had no expectation, of course, of
such a sudden death, and he left no testimony.
It would take a good deal of time to collect the
evidence, but it could be produced; andl have no
doubt that the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis,] who was Secretary of War, knows the
fact that the gentleman's health was impaired dur-
ing the war, but the testimony is not of a suffi-
cient character to satisfy the Department, under
present laws; hence, the bill was introduced at
the last session. I served with Colonel Turn-
bull in 184$, and he was then suffering severely
from disease which he had contracted in the Mex-
ican war; lie afterwards died of rheumatism of
the heart.
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely state to the Sen-
ate that it was officially within my knowledge
that the deceased Colonel Turnbuil, was every fall
and winter so affected with rheumatic affection at
the northern station where he was serving, as to
render it necessary to withdraw him. His head-
j quarters were at Oswego, and lie had to be with-
drawn from there on account of rheumatic disease.
The rheumatism finally, at a southern station,
fell on his heart, and suddenly killed him. As
to the origin of that disease, of course it would
be impossible for me to express an opinion. It
would haidly be possible for a board of physi-
cians to express an opinion that would be reliable,
whether it occurred at the time of his exposure in
Vera Cruz; whether it occurred at the time of his
service in the construction of the New Orleans
custom-house, to winch the Senator from Califor-
nia has referred; whether at the time he built the
work which stands a monument to his memory,
the aqueduct across the Potomac; or in the course
of the vauous services he has performed in the
j exploration of the country, and in making sur-
veys for the construction of railroads or other
works; or whether it occurted in the last position
in which I knew most of his service, u mattered
not, for it happened while he was in the service
of the United States, and in the line of his duty,
and was exposure incurred in the performance of
that duty.
The evidence, it seems, has not been sufficient
to satisfy the committee of that fact; but if the
Senate are satisfied of that fact, we have a right
to judge of it, and pass this bill. It comes within
i the spirit of the law, though the foim of the tes-
