1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
ered, after some twenty-five years' experience in
political life, that our political adversaries enjoy
most of their triumphs before an election. The
Senator from Wisconsin sees, in the discussion
here to-day, the dismemberment of the Demo-
cratic party; that it is routed horse, foot, and dra-
goons; and that the Republican party, under the
leadership of the prominent men of that party,
is riding into place and power over the prostrate
body of the Democratic party in this country.
" Optics sharp, it takes, I iveen,
Too see what is not to be seen."
Let me suggest to the young convert to the Re-
publican party not to lay this flattering unction
to his soul. Now, as in days past, it is reserved
to the members of the Democratic party and to
its honored representatives in the Senate and
counsels of the nation and elsewhere to differ in
the progress of this nation upon questions as they
may arise; but however much they may differ as
to questions of national concernment, in their in-
ception and progress, they seldom ever diffef on
the final paramount question into whose hands
the destiny of this great nation shall be com-
mitted. They will be found united when the
proposition shall be reduced to this complexion:
whether the Democracy of this nation, who have
built all along the pathway of our progress, from
the days of Jefferson to this hour, monuments—
speaking evidences of their progress and their
triumphs, which have been the progress and the
triumphs of this nation—shall continue the cus-
todian of political power, or whether it shall be
transferred into the hands of a sectional party
who would array one portion of this Union against
another; when that shall be clearly presented to
the American people, I opine, sir, in the light of
the past, there will be but little difference between
Democrats—North andSouth, East and West.
It is not my purpose to follow the gentleman in
his political speech, which has culled anil gleaned
and gathered up the political questions of the
twenty years last past. I was much obliged to
the Senator before he took his seat for informing
the Senate what the question here pending was.
I should have inferred, from the major portion of
his speech, that a national bank, a high protective
tariff, the distribution of the proceeds of the public
lands, or the assumption of State debts, was in
issue here; but he did announce, before-he took
his seat, that the question was, whether this Sen-
ate should repeal by its vote, so far as it could,
as a constituent portion of the Congress, the Kan-
sas restriction. Now, sir, I said last evening,
when I had occasion to submit a very few remarks
to the Senate, in response to a direct appeal upon
the part of the senior Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,] to the Senators from Oregon,
that 1 regarded this question, this amendment,
this proposition, as illegitimate to the question
before the Senate. Here is an appropriation bill.
We arc upon the heel of the session. The Senate
is soon to adjourn. There are questions of
weighty and paramount importance involved;
and at this juncture, the Senator from New
Hampshire comes forward at his own election,
at his own instance, unbidden by the people of
Kansas, and proposes this amendment. I char-
acterized it as illegitimate and improper, as I
knew the discussion to which it would give rise
would be. I intimated in the remarks which
1 then submitted, that the Senator from New
Hampshire was prompted by partisan considera-
tion, rather than the public good, in proposing
this amendment. If that gentleman would desire
to know my opinion of the extent of the parti-
san influence which prompted him to this move-
ment, I could indicate it m no other way, better
than by declaring my conviction, founded upon
the record of the legislation of this Senate, and of
Congress since he has been a member, ami Ore-
gon has been a Territory, that theie has never
been a single instance in the history of Oregon,
and she now numbers more than ten years under
her organic act as an organized Territory of this
Government, when that Senator has pleaded the
wonts or the wishes of that people. We have
come to the doors of the Capitol from that distant
land, time and again, with our wants. We have
preferred our wishes; we have pleaded our inter-
ests and our rights. Ay, sir, and when the peo-
ple en masse have been permitted to pass upon ^
propositions submitted to them by a five-sixths j
vote, we have never failed, with such an indorse- ,
ment upon the part of the great mass-of the peo-'
pie, to find that gentleman arrayed against us and
our ascertained will; and yet, when'Kansas is al-
luded to, the gentleman exhorts us to heed the
views of the majority of the people of Kansas.
Look upon this picture, and then upon that.
The majority of the people of Kansas can always
arrest the gentleman's attention, and secure his
cooperation, his voice, and his vote. Five sixths
of the pecrple of Oregon have ever failed to arrest
his attention, his voice, and his vote. While upon
this floor, opposing the application of the people
of Oregon for admission into the Union by voioe
and by vote, he comes up here upon the occasion
of the introduction of this amendment, and intro-
duces an argument, drawn from the speech of a
distinguished member of the other House, upon
the Oregon bill, in favor of the repeal of the Kan-
sas restriction. I think now, as I thought yester-
day, that party has more to do with this amend-
ment than country; the individual partisan desires
and aspirations of Senators, more than the will
and the ipse dixit of the people of Kansas. I said
then, as I repeat now, that whenever the people
of Kansas, be their numbers sixty thousand or
eighty thousand, more or less, shall, in their own
chosen time and way, perfect a constitution and
present it here and sue for admission, I will, if at
that time occupying a seat upon this floor, vote
for their admission.
Kansas, in voting down the Lecompton consti-
tution, has practically, in my judgment, repealed
this restriction; for the restriction hath this ex-
tent, no more; it was the application of the people
of Kansas, with the proposition of the Senate,
or the conditions imposed by Congress in con-
nection with her application, which were returned
to them. They have negatived them. They have
said they will not come into the Union under that
constitution, and in the mean time, since the date
of that vote, they have not moved in the premises;
they have called no convention, formed no new
constitution, made no new application to Con-
gress. The people of Kansas have said, by their
vote in rejecting the Lecomptonconstitution—and
in saying that they indorse the doctrine and dec-
larations entertained and uttered by their friends
upon the floor of the Senate and the House—that
every proposition, from the inception to the Jinale
in the organization of the State government,
should be submitted to a direct vote of the people.
Oregon adopted that course, and it took her two
years to pass from the inception of the proposi-
tion to form a State government to its consum-
mation. If Kansas should improve on that time
one hundred per cent., it will require one year.
She has not taken the initiative; she is not here;
she is not moving; she is not pressing at the doors
of the Capitol.
Now, sir, when we have but six or seven work-
ing days remaining of this Congress; when all
the important bills are still pending, still incom-
plete, still unpassed, a Republican Senator from
New England comes in here, without authority of
the people of Kansas, against the protest, and in
violation and in opposition to the protestations of
their chosen Delegate in the other branch of Con-
gress, and moves what I still regard as an ille-
gitimate and uncalled-for amendment to this ap-
propriation bill. It has already consumed some
two days of the session, and promises to consume
more time. If the effect of this amendment shall
be to render necessary the calling of an extra ses-
sion of Congress, at whose door lies the respons-
ibility of it but at the door of that gentleman?
I find myself betrayed, Mr. President, into
talking longer than I intended. To come back to
the discussion which has arisen upon this amend-
ment here in the Senate, I must say, in a very few
biief monosyllables, that the answer of the dis-
tinguished Senator from California, [Mr. Rrod-
Eaicic,] and the other distinguished Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Pitch,] who coincides substantially
with hun, has been unsatisfactory to me to-day.
I allude to the question propounded to those Sen-
ators when they'were addressing the Senate-
propounded and re-propounded, time and again,
to which, in my judgment, there was no satisfac-
tory answer given. I will preface any further
allusion to this point by saying that, anterior to
the decision of the Supreme Court in the Dred
Scott case, I held the doctrine—proclaimed it
through the press, and upon the stump—that the 1
people of the Territories had the right to determ- '
ine this question of slavery for themselves, to
inhibit it, to tolerate it, to protect it, or to drive
it outof their country. The last gentleman upon
the floor, I believe, the juriior Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] stated that this doc-
trine was never promulgated until 1857. Perhaps
he meant 1847; but the truth upon that subject
is, that General Cass, when a member of General
Jackson's Cabinet, proclaimed that doctrine arid
published it extensively; and, at a period not "very
subsequent to that, the Supreme Court indorsed
it. General Cass has held that doctrine for some
thirty pears past.
Mr. CLARK. 1 suggest to the Senator that I
gave no date, except the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill in 1854. I alluded to no other date,
or no other event.
Mr. SMITH. I understood the gentleman,
Mr. President, to speak of this doctrine of the
right and the powers of the citizens of Territo-
ries as a very modern doctrine, and he fixed date
to it. General Cass, twenty-five or thirty years
ago, held the doctrine of popular sovereignty in
the Territories, which I have quoted; and I, as an
humble disciple, held that doctrine, and taught it
until the enunciation of the decision of the Su-
preme Court in the Dred Scott case, to which, as
a law-abiding man, I most humbly bow.
Aside from the stump speeches, aside from irrel-
evant matter, aside from that which antedates this
question as it now presents itself, or has for six
years last past, to the country, there is, as I con-
ceive, but one main paramount point elicited in
the discussion to-day, and that is this: 1 under-
stood the distinguished Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] to-day in his leading speech, to declare
that1 the people of the Territories of this Union
had no political or legislative power except'that
which they derived from their organic act; that all
political and legislative power in this country,
outside of the independent and sovereign States
of the United States, resided in Congress, under
the Constitution; that the people of the Territories,
as a sequence, had no political or legislative power
except what was derived from Congress through,
their oj-ganic net. He, and other gentlemen, go
back to the origin and passage of the Kansas-Ne-
braska act; to the decision of the Supreme Court,
to which reference is constantly made, and which
is subsequent, in point of time, to the Nebraska-
Kansas act. Now, I understaiid'the Senator from
Illinois, and the Senator from Ohio, to admit that
the Supreme Court have decided, in effect, that
the people of the Territories have no political and
legislative power except what they derived from
their organic act; that the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States carries slavery into the Territories, or
protects it when there. Now, if this be true, that
the people of the Tcrritorie-s have no legislative
power except that which they derive from Con-
gress; and, if it be also true, that the Constitution
of the United States carries slavery into the Ter-
ritories, or protects it, being there, where does the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory derive this
power to inhibit slavery-? The stream cannot rise
above its fountain; the effect cannot transcend its
cause; and if all the legislative power which they
have is derived from Congress, and that is re-
corded in their organic act, and Congress itself
has no power to inhibit slavery in the Territories,
the Constitution carrying it there and protecting
it when there, whence does the Legislature of the
Territory derive this power to inhibit slavery?
That question, in some form or other, has been
asked repeatedly; and,-i think, not satisfactorily-
answered.
The Senator from Illinois says to be sure, in
response to this interrogatory, it any man is in-
jured there, let him go to the Supreme Court for
an answer. But where is the occasion of going
to the Supreme Court, when, since the passage of
the Nebraska-Kansas act, the Supreme Court
have anticipated and decided that question by de-
claring that there is no power in Congress to in-
hibit, and that the people of the Territories have
derived all power from Congress ? I will not con-
sume the time of the Senate upon that point. I
am ill favor, just so far as it is consonant with the
Constitution of the United States, (but I take my
interpretation of the fundamental law from the
Supreme Court.,) of the exercise of the largest sov-
ereignty,the largest political rights and privileges,
upon the part of the people of the Territories.
Now, sn, at hdj been, well said to-day, this is
