190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
It is a mere gratuity, it is a proposition to take
out of the Treasury money which has been put
there by the sweat of the brows of millions, to
feed thtfse who have been already pampered by
the Government. That is the long and the short
of it; but I do not intend to debate it. I shall ask
for the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not intend to make any
remarks on this subject; it is one on which I have
not discoursed with any gentleman present; but
I have listened to the discussion this morning on
this bill, and the explanations given of it, and my
mind has arrived at a conclusion in favor of its
passage. 1 admit to some extent the force of the
remarks of the Senator from Georgia, when he
says the officers have ad van (ages over the soldiers;
but if the officers have advantages, they are not
greater than would fairly balance the increased
responsibilities which their position imposes on
them. They are generally men of education%nd
of position in society which is very fair when they
enter upon the profession of arms; and these are
considerations that entitle them to the confidence
of the Government, and obtain for them these
situations. If they assume the responsibilities
conferred by the Government and discharge their
duties faithfully, all that they receive as a consid-
eration for it is not more than sufficient to main-
tain the position which the Government requires
them to occupy.
The fact that Colonel Turnbull did not fall in
battle will weigh nothing with mc. Whether he
fell in battle or whether he fell a victim to disease
contracted in the service of the country, is a mat-
ter that 1 care nothing about. If he had fallen a
victim to war m the shock of battle, he could but
have given his life; the change would have been
sudden from life to death, without pain, without
sickness, without anguish of spirit; out this man,
for years, endured the anguish of disease, of sick-
ness, and of debility; and the approach of a period
when he must leave his family and commit them
to the generosity of Ins country, and to the liber-*
ality of his countrymen,stared him in the face. He
never had the means of amassing for them wealth,
or even competency; and this, to a proud and gal-
lant man, must lmvc inflicted a deep wound on his
sensibilities. Under these circumstances, he con-
tinued in the service of his country, faithfully and
honorably dischaiging his tiust; and when dis-
ease consumed his life, he gave it to his country.
He died in his country's service. I care not
whether he fell by the javelin, the sword, or the
cannon bail. When he gives his life, his all, to
his country, he can do no more; and is it to be
a reproach to the nation, when its gallant sons
perish and fall victims to their country and in its
service, that because there was no law according
a pension to the widow, and making that just
provision which is made m all other countries, it
is not within the competency of the Legislative
of this great nation to say that they will award
justice to the widows and orphans of those gallant
men? Sir, I never wish to see n acknowledged
by the Senate that there is any stringent rule to
prevent the legislation of this country extending
to suitable objects of its consideration.
I will vote for this pension; and I would vote
for it if it were even more than is proposed to be
granted. When the old soldier comes, and when^
the widow and the orphan of the gallant defend-
ers of our country come here, 1 will vote to the
very last cent to relieve their necessities, and to
vindicate the honor of this nation against the im-
putations of stinginess. I will be liberal; I will
be just. Whether a man fall in battle or fall a
victim to disease contracted in the service of his
country, I care not; he has given his life to his
country; it is all he had to give.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third tune.
On us passage,
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 26, nays 18; as follows:"
YEAS—-Messrs. Bates, Bright, Broderick, Brown, Cam-
eron. Chandlut, Clingmati, Coilamfr, Crittemlcii, I)avis,
Uiwb, Dooiittle. Durkee, Foot, Gwm, ilous-ton, Jones,
Kennedy, Kenl, Seward, Shields Simmons, Thomson of
New Ji'ifty. Wnid, Wilson, and Wright—20.
NAVS-Mpw>. Bigler, Clay, Fc^onden, Grpen, Ham-
mond, HarJan, Hunter, Iveison. Johnson of Tennessee, !
Kinir, ToJk, Uiee? gebasuuti, Slide!!, Stuuri,Toombs, Truni- >
ban; and VVudo—18, I
So the bill was passed. I
NE"W SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move now to postpone the
special order, with a view of taking up the re-
port of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
Mr. GWIN. I hope it will be done informally,
so as not to displace the special order.
Mr. BRIGHT. Of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will consider the special order
as laid aside.
Mr. STUART. I object to that disposition of
the question. I have no objection to a motion to
postpone the special order, but I object to dis-
posing of it in this way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded to postpone all special orders with a
view of taking up the resolution indicated by the
Senator from Indiana. t
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, re-
ported by Mr. Bright on Tuesday last:
Resolved, That ilie superintendent of the Capitol exten-
sion he directed to prepare the Chamber for the occupancy
of the Senate by the 4th day of January next, and that a
committee of three be appointed by the Chair to make all
necessary arrangements.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish this question decided,
because it connects itself with the conduct of the
work and tiie preparation of the Chamber. I am
quite satisfied that the new Chamber is as dry as
this. It has been for two years under roof. There
need be no apprehension on that point. I am
satisfied that it is better ventilated, will be better
heated and better lighted, and after we get there
we shall be more comfortable than we are here.
My principal desire is that the question shall be
settled, because it connects itself with the con-
duct of the work.
Mr. CLAY. I am opposed to the adoption of
the resolution; and it is rather for the sake of my
friends who are in the Senate, than for myself. I
have always heard, as an old ada o, that " new
houses are old men's graves." My friend from
Mississippi and I might escape the effect of that
adage, but others might not. I am persuaded,
from my own experience and observation of the
new Hall, thatitis not thoroughly dry. I know
they have not completed all the plastering; 1
know they have not laid all the tiles, which arc
laid in plaster; and hence I suppose the atmos-
ph^e must be more humid than this; and old men
maybe subjected to rheumatism and other dis-
eases by going into that Hall.
There is another objection which I have to it.
Unless we are going to adopt the rules of the
House of Representatives, and limit the number
of those who may come within the area of the
Hall, where Senators sit, it will be far more ob-
jectionable than this Hall. We cannot admit al-
most everybody, as we do here, to come in upon
the floor, when we have no guard to keep them
{ off.us, and they will actually run over the Senate
| if we do not adopt the same rule which has been
adopted in the House of Representatives; and if
' we are going to agree to this resolution, I trust,
as a preliminary, there will be an arrangement to
limit the number of those who shall be admitted
on the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur with the Senator
from Alabama,and I shall vote with him against
the adoption of this resolution for other reasons,
however, than those which he has stated. I am in-
clined to think that the room may be dry enough,«
and that old or young need entertain no very
serious fear that it will be the grave of any. It
seems to me, however, that there are some other
objections which I have not heard alleged, and
which, perhaps, the committee took fully into
consideration and will be able to explain, and,
| perhaps, remove the objection which 1 have to the
| resolution. Ail the papers connected with this
i body, ail the offices, the Secretary's rooms, the
I engrossing clerks' room, the post office, are now
[ adjacent to this Hall, if we shall remove to the
] distant building, those papers cannot be removed
| during this short session. The rooms appropri-
j ated for that purpose are yet unfinished, and it is
i half a day's journey almost from that wing into
j these various offices. All of us have daily, almost
hourly, occasion to go into these offices for the
purpose of examining papers that are there on
file. We call for them here; we want them in the
business of the session; we go to our post office;
we go to our retiring rooms. By this removal,
ftfe shall be remote from them, and it seems to me
it will be a very serious obstruction to the" business
of the Senate.
Besides, if we should go into that part of the
building we shall be annoyed—I think that is not
an inappropriate word—by the workmen, who are
still engaged, I suppose, upon all parts of the build-
ing, andby the dust that arises from their opera-
tions; and a variety of objections of that charac-
ter are more than commensurate with any benefit
we can derive from going into that Hall. Now,
sir, I think I have one of the poorest seats in this
Hall, one of the most undesirable, and in any ar-
rangement that maybe made for new seats there,
I stand in such a position that I may improve—
I cannot be worse off; but I had rather occupy
this seat here, than go into that Hall, subject to
the objections which I have named; and they are
such as, in my opinion, ought to induce the Senate
to remain here, where we are, during this short
session, and to go to the new Hall when the build-
ing will be appropriately fitted up, when the offices
connected with the Senate, the papers, and every-
thing, will have been moved adjacent to the Hall.
For the reasons I have given, I shall vote against
this resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the Senate will ex-
cuse me for saying a word on this subject, as I
have a little experience in this matter of removal.
Twelve months ago, when Congress met, the con-
dition of the south wing of the Capitol was not
near as far advanced, as all gentlemen know, as
this is now; and when Captain Meigs then told
me that he would have it ready by the 1st of Jan-
uary, I did not think it possible; but at the end
of two or three weeks, after the session com-
menced, he reported to the House of Representa-
tives that it was ready. Very few of us believed
it, and the feeling at first was universally against
a lemoval; buta committee was raised to investi-
gate the matter, and on going into the Hall, it was
found to be a convenient, well-furnished, well-
warmed room, perfectly dry; and a majority voted
to go there. It was said then, as it is said now,
in this case, that the walls would leak; that there^
was in the Hall, mortar and wet, and all that.*
There was some truth in it then, but there is very
little truth in such an allegation in reference to
the new Senate Chamber, Captain Meigs said
he could put in a heat of two hundred degrees, or
any other amount, and make it perfectly dry.
We went in there and found a very pure atmos-
phere, just as good to breathe as that on Penn-
sylvania avenue; and I believe everybody admits
that last year the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives enjoyed better health than they have
ever done during a session. .
A$J&r as this matter of removal is concerned,
the officers there had exactly the same objections
they have here. 1 find, indeed, that the main ob-
jection is that the officers ofthe body do not want
the trouble of removing their papers, but would
like to have a year to do it in." That objection was
made in the other House; but when the order was
made, they all got into their new rooms in the
course of three or four days without inconveni-
ence, and were all pleased with the change. It
now takes probably a quarter of a minute to come
from the Clerk's office or the post office into this
Chamber; perhaps it might take half a minute
more to go from them into the new Chamber.
These officers have comfortable looms now; there
are not enough men in them to vitiate the air, and
they do not want the trouble of removing. Very
well, let them stay where they are; it is no seri-
ous drawback. I have no doubt, however, they
would all go in at once, and without any sort of
difficulty. But I think I have a right to complain
of misrepresentations which some of them are
making to Senators, electioneering around the
room, i find a good many Senators making state-
ments to me which I know not to be true, and
whe« I trace them, I find they come 
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator will allow me
to say that I have not passed a word on this sub-
ject with any person who holds a subordinate
place in the Senate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was not alluding to the
Senator from Maine, but several other Senators,
some of whom are in my eye, have heard these
statements from these individuals. There is no
mortar at all, nothing wet in the room we propose
to occupy. In two or three passages they are
