1272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
anticipating a question which has not arisen, ant]
may never arise. It is, therefore, for the time
being, practically an abstraction; and this matter
has been sprung, not, as I conceive, by the Dem-
ocratic party, or by a Democratic member of the
Senate, but by a member of the Opposition, for
the purpose ofdividingand distracting:, as I opine,
the counsels of the party at a momentous period
in the legislation of the country, Nov/, it occurs
to me that it would be wise in the Senate to vote
down this amendment, and proceed to pass upon
the legitimate portions of the bill, or upon the bill
in the aggregate, and proceed with the legitimate
legislation of the country. It will be time enough
for the Democratic party, it will be time enough
for the Senate, and time enough for the country,
to pass upon the question of the power of the peo-
ple of the Territories when sucn a question shall
arise. In the mean time, so far as tins amend-
ment, ih its letter, is concerned, it, amounts to
simply this: will you repeal the Kansas restric-
tion ? That amendment is, professedly, predi-
cated upon the preceding provision of the bill,
that $20,000 be appropriated to take a census of
the people of Kansas. It is immaterial to me
"whether the census of the people of Kansas is
taken, or not. I differ with gentlemen upon that
subject. Senators have urgpd here, if you strike
out that amendment we will not insist upon this
amendment. It occurs to me that the amendment
is still more illegitimate and uncalled for because
of the existence of that provision in the bill. Why?
The people of Kansas, those who arc anxious for
a State government, are affirming, and the mem-
bers in their interevSt affirm, that they have the
numbers sufficient for a member of Congress, and
that, if they have not that amount now, one year
more of emigration will give them ninety-thiee
thousand four hundred and twenty, and upwards.
If that be true, or anything like true, then we have
nothing to fear; they are not delayed. The Gov-
ernment proposes to take an enumeration of the
people there, for the purpose of ascertaining the
population. If there be any cogency, any perti-
nency, any reason for that provision in the bill,
there is certainly no leason, at the same time and
coeval with it, for repealing this resti ictitm; be-
cause, if the restriction is repealed, we say by that
repeal that we no longer impose any conditions
as to population upon you, and, as soon as you
can frame your-State government, and apply at
the doors of Congress, we are prepared to receive
you; and, therefore, there is no necessity of enu-
merating the people; but, in the mean time, if
this enumeration is to take place, there is certain-
ly, m my judgment, no occasion for the repeal.
I am not in favor of that restriction, 1 repeat,
I have no objection abstractly to its repeal, if
ihat would be the effect of it; if Kansas were here
with her constitution in her own chosen wny ap-
plying for admission, and I were to vote for her
admission, that would be m effect to vote for the.
repeal of this restilotion, and that I would be pie-
pared to do, provided always that she comes heie
legitimately and m the right way, in her own
chosen way, without foreign interference. When
she shall have adopted a constitution, and fol-
lowed the example set to her by Oregon, if the
number of her inhabitants is about that, or m the
neighborhood of that of Oregon, sufficient for a
member of Congress, I should not be particular;
but I will not hold out a premium for this species
of legislation, illegitimate and uncalled for, which
embarrasses legislation, delays legitimate legisla-
tion, if not witli a view, with the end, the cei tain
end of embarrassing the Government. 1 will do
that which my constituents sent me here to do,
that which is in itM lf right and proper and legiti-
mate, and attend to every case and proposition
as they may an^o.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have had exhibited
to-day, Mr. President, the miserable fruits of this
unfortunate Kansas-Nebraska bill. A measuie
denounced at the time of its passage, as two-faced,
as deceptive, as delusive, has been discussed heie
by its friends to-day, and they arc differing now
as to its meaning. In 1S54, when the friends of
that bill urged it through this body, and when
amendments were proposed to make it certain,
where were the gentlemen who, to-day, have de-
claimed so eloquently about the right of the people
of the Terntoiies? An amendment was proposed
in this body, giving authority to the Territorial
Legislature to regulate this subject of slaveiy,
and it was voted down. I, myself, proposed an
amendment in this body, in 1856, authorizing the
Territorial Legislature of Kansas to regulate the
subject of slaveiy for itself; and the Senator from
Michigan, who, to-day, was so eloquent in favor
of the great principle of this Nebraska bill, was
one of those who united io vote it down. With
what face can such Senators come into the Senate
now, and say that that is the great principle of the
bill? Why, sir, it has been notorious to the whole
country that this bill was advocated upon differ-
ent principles in diflerent sections of the Union.
What was called its great principle varied as you
traveled fiom one State to another. It was one
thing in South Caiolnm, and a dilfeient thing in
New York. Thcic never was a measuie which
passed the Congress of the United States, so un-
fortunate to the peace of the country? one which
has given rise to so much trouble, so much alien-
ation of feeling, as this one measure known as the
Nebraska bill; and yet theie are to be found per-
sons hero lauding it and praising it, and raising
the cry of the Democracy to rally upon its prin-
ciple, " the grcatpimcipleunderlyingour institu-
tions," the " great principle of self-government."
Those who opposed the measure said, at the time,
that it was a deceptive measure, intended to im-
pose upon thecountry. They offered amendments
to make it specific and certain, but its friends
voted them down.
What has occasioned the alienation of feeling
between the North and the South ? What has
given rise to these sectional parties? What has
umted the South as one man, in a sectional party
against the North, and to a great extent united
the Noith against the South? The only reason
why it is not as completely united as the South
is, that the South is more intensely sectional than
the North; and yet the South charges the North
with sectionalism ! A party so intensely sectional
that they will not suffer their principles even to
he discussed, and so intense that they will put
down by violence any opposition, charges the
North with sectionalism I They even go so far as
to tell the North that if a President of the United
States is elected in the constitutional mode by
what they choose to call the Abolition party, but
by the great Republican party, that that will be a
cause for the dissolution of the Union. That, sir,
is a denial of the <;reat lepiesentativc principle
which lies at the foundation of this Government.
It is saying to the majority of the people of the
United States, you shall not be represented ac-
cording to yotu choice; and if you do not submit
to the representation and the dictation of tiie mi-
nority, the Government shall be dissolved.
Put, sir, apprehensions have been expressed
here among the formerfriends and still advocates
of this Nebraska bill, of the fate of the Demo-
cratic party; and though 1 would not rejoice in
that which gives other men sorrow, as a general
tiling; yet, notwithstanding that the Senatorfiom
Mississippi gueved and mourned over the pros-
pects of the Demociatic party in view of this di-
vision upon the question, I must say that, for the
good of my country, I rejoice m its disruption.
It was held together by incoherent pi maples after
all, which, the moment they developed them-
selves, have rent it asundei. This Democratic
party that has had possession of the Government
—calling itself Democratic, but which is a party
that has departed from all the Democracy of the
fatheis—since 1854, and that js the date of the
commencement and the origin of this party, I was
about to say—has nearly dissolved the Union al-
leady, but i trust not; but it has done much
towards alienating thatfiiendly spuit which form-
eily exisicd between diiferent parts of the Union.
It has led to civil war m one of your Territories;
and, air, I verily believe, if the truth were told
to-day, that more men have been murdered in
Kansas, moie lives lost in that Territory by vio-
lence, than they have been able to force slaves into
it by the repeal of the xYlissouii compromise.
1 ask you, Senators, would it not have been
better when you oigamz-d the Territories of Kan-
sas and Nebraska in 1854, to have left that old
compromise alone : Suppose you had oiganized
those Territories and said nothing about the Mis-
souri compiomise, which thitty years bef'oie had
given peace to the country: sir, the Territories
would have been settled m peace as Minnesota
was settled, Oregon was settled, under a sim-
liai law excluding slavery. We would have- iiad
none of this strife, none of thisunkindness, none
of this sectional feeling. This party organized
in 1854, has pursued such aline of policy as has
brought the whole country to the very verge of
civil war, and we actually have had civil war to
so.me extent, in one of the Territoiies of the
United States. I think it about time that power
was wrested from such aparty, and I rejoice that
I see the signs of its departure from their hands.
In regard to this controversy in reference to the
government of the Territories which now divides
parties, and is the only test of party faith, I think
the exhibition we have had to-day, and the his-
tory of the country for the last five years, ought
to admonish us all that it would be better to go
back to the old policy of the fathers, to that pol-
icy under which all our other Territories have
been settled, until we come to Kansas and Ne-
braska. Under this new doctrine many difficulties
have occurred. It is contended by some who say
that Congress has no such power, that the Ter-
ritorial Legislature may exclude slavery. That
seems to me the veriest absurdity that any one
could ever urge. The Terntoiies of the United
States, we all agree, belong to the United States;
they are to be governed by Congress. Whatever
territorial government they have, is created by
virtue of an act of Congress. We all agree to
that; for the friends of the Nebraska bill, the very
persons who argue that there is such a thing as
territorial sovereignty, are the very men who
voted for the act of Congress creating the Terri-
tory, and conferring upon it whatever power it
had. As was well said by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, can you take a greater quantity out of a
tub than the tub contains ? Can Congress confer
a power which it has not itself to confer ? If you
deny the power of Congress to exclude slavery
from the Territory, how is it possible that Con-
gress can give the power to its agent to exclude
slavery ? It cannot be.
There are but two sides to this question, and
there is no intermediate ground. One is the side
occupied by the Republican party, which claims,
accoiding to the doctrine of the fathers—accord-
ing to the practice of the Government until 1854;
according to the decisions of the courts until 185G,
both the State courts and the courts of the Uni-
ted States—that the power of governing the Ter-
ritories is in Congress; that Congress may, in the
exercise of that power, exclude slavery if it
thinks pioper. Congress may confer that power
on the Territorial Legislature. Congress has con-
ferred it on the Territorial Legislature of Kansas;
whether wisely or unwisely, 1 will not undertake
to say. I have no doubt that the Legislature of
Kansas may rightly exclude slaveiy; because
Congress, in the organization of that Territory,
conierred upon its Legislature all legislative power
upon this subject, and Congiess itself has the
power to exclude sUuery; and having delegated
that power to the Territorial Legislature, of course
the Territorial Legislature may exercise it. 1 have
no difficulty about tins. This is a plain piovision;
we can all understand it; but to those who deny
the power of Congress to exclude slavery, I would
like to put the question, where does the Territo-
torial Legislature get the power? It cannot have
it. It does not exist there. Unless Congress
has that power, it does not exist anywhere; for
the Territorial Legislature can have no greater
powers than those conferred upon it by the act of
Co tigress.
This is one view of the. question. The other is,
that the power to exclude slavery, or keep it out of
a Torutory, does notexistanywhere in this Gov-
ernment. Hut itis contended that underand by vir-
tueoftheConstitution of the United States slavery
goes into the Territories. Thisis adoctrme which
has no foundation in the Constitution. There is no
clause, there establishing slavery in the Territo-
ries. This has been argued this evening con-
clusively, to my mind, by the Senator from New
Hampshne, [Mr. Clark,] that the Constitution
does not create slavery anywhere. He has shown
that there are but three clauses m the Constitution
relating to slavery, or to persons where it is under-
stood that slaves aie referred to; and these clauses
refer, as he has-shown, to persons held to service
by virtue of State laws; and there is no clause m
the Constitution conferringupon Congress the au-
thority to extend the fugitive slave law to the Ter-
ritory. The power is only to extend the fugitive
slave law to a State, and not to a Territory. How
