1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
laying down tiles. Well, even in their present
condition, a Senator walking over them is no more
likely to take cold than he is in passing through
the l-otunda or walking over the pavement; but,
as soon as those tiles are laid down and exposed
to the heat for a few days, they will be perfectly
dry.
The great objection I have to remaining here—
and,I think everybody who has tried the differ-
ence between the two Halls in the other wing of
the Capitol can appreciate it—is the want of pure
air to breathe. Every window above us, and
around us, is closed at this time—necessarily
so; otherwise the room would become too cold.
Everybody understands that a person breathes
four or five gallons of air in each minute, and that
when it is once breathed it is not fit for respira-
tion again; and with fourorfive hundred persons
here in this close room, the air is vitiated; and I
have no doubt that everybody feels the inconve-
nience. To-day, and yesterday, the room has
been apparently full of smoke; but, even without
this smoke, which is very frequent, we find that
when there is a session of four or five hours, the
air is very much vitiated; and nothing in the world,
as at least all physicians, who have aright to speak
on this subject, say, is more unfavorable to health
than bad air.
As ts what my friend from Alabama says about
old men dying in new houses, I do not think there
is anything in it, when the room is warmed and
ventilated in this way. Captain Meigs says that
in the large Hall of the House, he throws in air
enough to change the atmosphere every seven
minutes. This being a smaller room, the same
apparatus will, I suppose, change it every five
minutes. The result is, that you will have a con-
stant supply of fresh air, and not cold, either, but
air of any temperature you desire; you can have
it warm or cold. The consequence will be, that
gentlemen will have that cheerful, invigorating
feeling that we all perceive in the open air. I de-
clare, as one individual, with reference to my per-
sonal convenience, that I would rather pay for the
use of that room the same price that I pay for my
lodgings in the city, than to^it here. I came from
the Hall of the House into this room at the most
favorable time to make the comparison, last May,
when the windows and doors were open; but I
found that when the sessions lasted five, or six,
or seven hours, as they frequently did at that time,
there was the same vitiated air that I used to ex-
perience in winter in the old Hall of the House
of Representatives. I believe that if the experi-
ment be made, every Senator will find an advant-
age in the change. I have thought proper to say
thus much, having had a little experience on the
subject.
Mr. SHIELDS. I should not say anything on
this subject but for the fact that the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina seems to intimate that
the officers of the Senate have been electioneering
against this resolution. I am inclined to think
that he labors under some little mistake, and per-
haps is doing injustice'to the officers; for I find, on
making inquiries around me, that there has not
been a single attempt on the part of any officer
here to influence the action of any Senator in my
vicinity.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I will mention to him privately the names of
two or three members who have been talked to
in this way, and got their ideas from some of these
officers, who have talked to me and tried to im-
press me with the same views. I do not desire
to mention publicly the names of the gentlemen
to whom I allude.
Mr. SHIELDS. For my own part, I am a little
indisposed to risk going into the new Chamber.
Mv lungs are not nf'thc strongest, and I am a little
afraid that some of these young Senators are dis-
posed to lay a trap for us valetudinarians. I ha\ e
a little suspicion of that kind, and. 1 ani not willing
to risk it. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is for the benefit of my
friend and all others. I wish them to li\e long
and in the enjoyment of good health; and I am
quite sure his life will be prolonged by a tempei-
ature such as he will find there.
Mr. SHIELDS. Well, sir, then there is an-
other point, which the honorable Senator may,
perhaps, explain. He says Captain Meigs has
informed lum that he can throw in a sufficient
quantity of air every now and then to make it u
healthy position for us. Now, suppose <€apttiin
Meigs should accidentally neglect to perform that
duty: we should be in a very unfavorable position.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will only say that that
operation is going on all the time in the Hall of
the House of Representatives, and there has been
no neglect there; 1 admitsome few persons have
complained of that Hall, but it is on other grounds
altogether than the want of a supply of good air,
and at the proper temperature.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have no doubt there is a
great deal of superabundantair in the other House.
[Laughter.] How produced I do not know.
Mr. CLINGMAN. And a good deal of gas
here. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHIELDS. For my own part I am un-
willing to hazard this experiment. I prefer this
old Chamber. It would be gratifying to me to
take a seat in the new Chamber,because it is alittle
more showy, and I dare say, in some respects,
more comfortable; but, at the same time, on the
ground of health, I question very much whether
that Chamber is in a condition to make it a healthy
location. Certainly, there must be some damp-
ness there; and 1 should not like to be placed in
a position where it would be necessary to heat
the Chamber to such a degree as to overcome that
dampness, for that would make the matter worse.
Mr. IVERSON. I am for moving into the new
Chamber at as early a day as our convenience will
possibly admit; I think it will be more comforta-
ble there than here; but I wish to ask some ques-
tions of the chairman of the committee who have
had this matter in charge, and perhaps his re-
sponses may guide my vote on this resolution. I
wish to know whether it is possible for the super-
intendent to put the Hall in good order for our
reception by the 4th of January ? The resolution
directs him to do it; but directing him to do it is
one thing, and his ability to do it is another. I
want to understand whether the superintendent
has expressed the opinion that he will be able to
put the Hall in orderfor our reception by the 4th
of January ? It may be that the atmosphere which
is brought into the Hall by the operation of Cap-
tain Meigs's machinery will be better; but I un-
derstand from reliable authority, that at the pres-
ent time the painters are at work in the Chamber
painting it, and that the painting has not yet been
completed. Then, although the atmosphere which
is brought in by the opeiation of this machinery
may be ever so pure and pleasant, we know it will
be impregnated with the paint, and everybody un-
derstands the danger of that atmosphere which is
saturated with paint. Unless, therefore, the su-
perintendent believes he can assure us that the
painting will be done in sufBcient time not to
affect the atmosphere which is brought into the
Chamber, 1 should think it would be more safe
for us to defer our going into the Chamber for a
longer period.
Again; is the ante-room or retiring room of the
Senators prepared for their reception ? That is a
very important appendage to the Senate Chamber;
it is absolutely essential to the comfort and con-
venience of Senators. I understand they arenow
laying the tiling, the very flooring of that room.
Mr. KENNEDY. No, sir; it isalready done.
Mr. IVERSON. Is the room ready in other
respects ? Will it bo ready by the 4th of January >
Again: how about the carpeting? Is there a car-
pet already made, ready to go down; or can they
buy carpeting and put it down by the 4th of Jan-
uary over that immense Hall, and over all the
rooms that ought to be carpeted for the conve-
nience and comfort of Senators ? Has the superin-
tendentalready bought his carpet, and fixed itup?
If so, by what authority; who authorized him to
do it? I should like to know whether this is al-
ready done, and if so, who has done it; and where
the money came from to pay for it, and by what
authority it has been done ?
Mr. KENNEDY. If the Senator will allow
m£, as a member of the Committee on Public
Buildings, I will state that, in conversation with
the superintendent to-day, he said that every part
would be entirely completed by the day named
for going in; the walls would be perfectly dry, the
i carpeting would be down, and all the upholstery
would be up, and everything would be complete
except the removal of these seats.
Mr. IVERSON. In relation to the carpeting,
I have only this to say: that, on some conversa-
tion with the Secretary of the Senate at the last
session, in relation to furnishing that Hall, he in-
formed me that he had no authority, to purchase
furniture for it, and that there was no existing
appropriation for it, and it would require-a reso-
lution of the Senate. If Captain Meigs has gone
forward to purchase the carpeting for that Hall,
without any authority en the part of tl\e Senate,
I desire to know whether be will be permitted to
go on and furnish that Hall as he chooses, with-
out some authority from this body? It may be
so; and if it be so, of course I have nothing more
to say; but will he have the Hall ready? I wish
to know that fact. I am not for going into the
Hall until it is put into-condition to receive us;
and when it is ready, I am willing to go into it
immediately afterwards/
Mr. BRIGHT. The committee, 1 think I may
safely say, m fixing a time, was governed, en-
tirely by the opinion of the superintendent. He
expressed the opinion that by the 4th of January
the Chamber could be put in a condition suitable
to receive the Senate. The committee was charged
merely with the duty of inquiring into the con-
dition of the Chamber—when it might be ready
for the use of the Senate, and what ceremonies
would be appropriate on removing. The com-
mittee did not feel authorized to inquire as to who
purchased the carpets, or who would purchase
carpets, or who would put them down. The res-
olution contemplates that that shall be left entirely
to the superintendent. I believe he has perhaps
some of the materials purchased, and I think I
may say that he expects to pay for them out of
the general appropriation made for the erection of
that wing of the Capitol. Whether that has been
in accordance with past usage or not, I do not
pretend to say. The committee felt authorized,
from the information derived from the superin-
tendent, to say that by the 4th of January the
Chamber would be in suitable condition to receive
the Senate, if it %vas their pleasure to go there; and
we so reported. I cannot say that I was ono
among the number who favored an immediate
removal. I thought it would be better to take
more time, to give our officers a fair opportunity
of preparing their offices, and taking their papers
over in order. While upon this point, I will say
that I inquired of the Secretary of the Senate,
with a view of ascertaining his opinion on that
subject, and he stated to me that he declined giv-
ing it; that he had made it a rule never to inter-
fere in the business of the Senate; that if the
Senate should order a change, he would endeavor
to do bis duty, so far as making that change was
concerned.
Mr. IVERSON. There is another subject to
which I wish to call the attention of the Senate.
If we go into the new Chambe.r there must be either
one of two things done: we must adopt an order
excluding visitors entirely from the floor of the
Senate, or we must have a bar erected, such as
exists in this Chamber. I understand that the
committee have agreed, and it seems to be a mat-
ter agreed upon generally by Senators, so far as
I can learn, that we are to occupy the same rela-
tive positions in the new Chamber that we occupy
here; that is, that the scats are to be placed pre-
cisely as they aie now, and Senators are-to occupy
the same positions they now do. That would
put me on the outside. For one, I protest against
being put on the outside, with no bar to protect
me from the intrusion of " all the world and the
rest of mankind." [Laughter.} I want some pro-
tection. I will vote for a resolution to exclude
all visitors, and not let any one come upon the
floor of the Senate; the galleries are ample there,
and I trust that rule will be adopted. Butis that
to be the case? If not, I want an amendment
added to the resolution, providing that the super-
intendent be instructed to erect a bar, such a one
as exists here. Whether ho can do that by the
4th of January is a very questionable matter.
Mr. DAVIS. I will attempt to answer some
of the objections of the Senator from Georgia.
The painting to which he refers is a very limited
amount, and in water colors. Therefore the ap-
prehension he has of his olfactories from the ordi-
nary paint, oxide of lead, need not be entertained
i there. It is a different character of painting, al-
together; he would have nothing to apprehend if
it was done the morning he went in there.
Then, as to the arrangement of seats, the com-
mittee did not undertake to decide that. The
