192
THE.,€ON.GRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23.
committee reported so much as is in the resolu-
tion, and it provides for a committee of arrange-
ments. The question of seats was one which, For
myself, i preferred that the Senate should decide
through some committee appointed for the pur-
Fose; Whatever ceremony they chose to adopt,'
preferred should be decided by some committee
appointed by the Senate^for the special purpose.
This resolution was reported by a standing com-
mittee,'and it did not choose to take charge of a
question which is always involved in delicacy. I
entertained the opinion,and perhaps expressed it,
that the most convenient and becoming manner
for the Senate to remove into the new Chamber,
would be to take the desks and seats, and put
them down in positions relatively coriesponding
to those occupied at this time, so that every one
with a small organ of locality could get to his seat
in the new Chamber by knowing where he was
located hoe.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question. In the now room, there are but
three tiers upon-which to place the desks; where-
as there are four rows of them here. Will the
gentleman permit me to ask how the relative po-
sitions of Senators can be preserved in putting
the desks in the new Chamber?
Mr. DAVIS. Only by inkling rows on the level
below, or by increasing the number of seats in a
particular row, which would change the position
liom one tier to another merely.
Mr. COLLAMER. It might be done by throw-
ng the outward seats up on the area for general
spectators without the bar. Otherwise, there are
but three rows for desks in the new Chamber.
Mr. DAVIS. I am in favor of having the bar
outside of the building, or up stairs, [laughter;]
somewhere outside of the Chamber.
Mr. BRIGHT. Anticipating that there would
bo.some objection on accountof ^eats, 1 addressed
a letter to the superintendent, and received a reply
from him giving his opinion as to how the seats
may be arranged. I ask the Secretary to read it.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Waj-hin'jtov, December'■IX,
Dkau Sir: I im-to^e photo^upnie plan ol the Senate
CliainlK-'i, Wiuied States Capitol (\vri'i>;-ioii,
No :ui.uigcuu'iit of tlu  <k\-kK ami seaN hn^ Wen yet
inade : luit U)(! liooi has; loin pl.Ufomis oi r-iep?., i imii^ fiom
tlx: level of the open -.pare in iVnnt of the Vice President^
than, i m1 admit> of position* of veiy similar to that
on the pieofdt (lo<n.
Itc^peetfuJh, joins, M. C. MFJQS,
Curium oj uigincers in charge Capitol c:i tension.
Hon. J. D. Huron v.
Mr. IIAMLIN. 1 propose to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution. 1 have wutten u very
hastily. 1 (Jo not know that it embodies precisely
my ideas; but let the Seciotary read it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resoled, That the seats, in the Semite Ch-tnihers-haU he
aligned to Senator^ in the tnHowmg manuei : the Seen -
taty -hall j.uf into a ho\ the name ol each Senatoi, ami in
the pH->etit-e of the Henatoi-t-hall pioeeed todi.iw the same
tiieteiiom; and eaeh Senator shall he entitled to select a
seat as his name shall he eaiied.
Mr. CLINGiVlAN. As an original question,
I should he tn favor of something like this, as I
have not at present a very desirable seat. It seems
to me, however, that we ought not to embarrass
the original resolution; and, after all, a?? the Sen-
ale has had the usage of taking seats according
to priority of service, those who have been here
longest having the most desirable seats, I hope
that the gentleman will not press that proposition.
I would rather have any seat in the new Hall
than the most desirable one in this; and I will
vote against this proposition, not that I sec any-
thing wrong in it, but it seems to me we had better
not encumber this with the other question.
Mr. TOOMBS. I second the suggestion of my
friend from Noi th Carolina. The usage has been
to select seats here according to priority of ser-
vice, and probably that would be the beat plan to
adopt in the new Hall. I do not see any difficulty
in our going there and doing that. 1 can make
this suggestion the more readily, as I belong to
the youngest class of Senators—being in my first
term.
Mr. BRIGHT. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Maine that that question can be
better considered after we shall have disposed of
the repoit of the committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. Why not now?
Mr. BRIGHT. It is calculated to embarrass
the lesolution of the committee.
Mr.HAMLIN. Idonotseehowitembarrasses
this question at all; I cannot for my life discover
how it can. It may add one condition,.possibly,
by which some men might be induced to vote for
or against the resolution, as the amendment may
be adopted or rejected. I do not know that I want
to embarrass the original resolution in any way.
That is not my object, and i do not think the
amendment would have that effect; but I think
we ought to draw for our seats there. I can see
no reason why Senators, who may have had the
most desirable seats here foralong period of time,
should retain them when they golhere. I think
the equity of the case would be the other way, and
that they should give us, who have had poor seats
here foi a long time, a chance. I have been in the
body a long while, compared with some who hold
seats here; it is true, I was out a shorttime; but
when I came back, I was put into a very bad
seat. There are others here who have occupied
good seats for a long while. I think it is but a
simple act of justice that we should go there on
the utmost equality, and that the mode in which
we should settle our seats there should be one
which would give to every Senator an equal chance
for a desirable seat. I will, however, withdraw
the amendment, and offer it sepaiately when this
resolution shall have been voted upon.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I do notknow
that any suggestion which I may make will have
any influence on the decision which may be ar-
rived at on this subject. I am differently circum-
stanced from the majority of the Senators. My
term will expire on the 4th of March next, and,
unless we go into the new Hall on the 4th of Jan-
uary, I, for one, shall never have the pleasure of
taking a seat in it. Now, I do not expect the
Senate to defer to my wishes; but I confess that,
after hearing the subject discussed, I am satisfied
; that this is as fit a time to occupy the new Hall
j as any which we can fix. I see no objection to
I the resolution. We have satisfactory assurances
! from the superintendent that the Hall will be in
readiness at the time fixed. As to the objec-
tion of the want of a bar, I do not think that is
essential. They have none in the House of Rep-
resentatives; and 1 have no doubt that Hall was
prepared in the best possible style of which the
superintendent was capable; and I have full con-
fidence in his capacity to arrange our Hall in a
becoming manner to receive the Senate of the
United States.
As for these incidental matters about seats, I
care nothing for them. For so short a time as I
shall have to occupy a scat, that point will not
concern me greatly; and if I should happen to
draw a very eligible situation,any gentleman who
wishes to exchange with me can do so.
1 think we had just as well go into the new Hall
now as at the commencement of the next session,
and perhaps better. My own impression is, that
this ih an unwholesome loom. 1 have for two or
three sessions during the time I have been in the
Senate contacted the greatest colds and hoarse-
ness 1 have ever had in any place in my life, and
I think it is as unhealthy a room as could possi-
bly be selected by the Senate. I apprehend no
danger from the occupation of the new Chamber.
Indeed, I have no doubt that it would conduce to
our health. Itis a fine, spacious, and airy room,
and I think our situation will be much more agree-
able there, and ourdehbciations will undergo the
same routine there that they do here. I am m favor
of removing at once. The holidays are at hand,
and a great many visitors will come to Washing-
ton city, and they will wish to occupy a desirable
situation. The galleries in the new Chamber, I
am told, arc, very capacious, and calculated to re-
ceive many; and if we go there, gentlemen who
wish to speak will have an opportunity of grati-
fying their friends who may be spectators on the
occasion; and you will not hear universal com-
plaints about the smallncss of the galleries, nor
will the health of spectators be endangered, for
there they will have space and fresh air; but hftfo,
if persons come to the galleries in large numbers,
ladies particulaily, they are apt to be suffocated.
I assure you, Mr. President, that 1 am decidedly
in favor of it for the convenience of the Senate,
and as it has to be done at some period, and feel-
ing assured that the Chamber is now ready for our
reception, we ought at once to go there and in-
augurate our situation with the new year that is
advancing, and not postpone it until the end of
another year. I like to take things at the first hop,
at the commencement, and then we can keep pate
with them; but to go in at the fag-end of a year,
is not a good omen. I am for occupying the new
Hall with the new year, or as near it as possible,
and I shall decidedly vote forgoing in there.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I have taken
no interest in this question, because it seemed to
me to be quite an immaterial one, at least so far
as I was concerned myself. It was whether we
should occupy the new Chamber for the residtie
of this session, or whether we should postpone
going there, until the next. But, sir, I am not in-
sensible to considerations of courtesy, respeet,
and affection-to others on such a subject-, and the
Senator from Texas—I will say the distinguished
and venerable Senator from Texas—has put this
question upon a basis, upon which I, feeling oth-
erwise indifferenton the subject,entertain a strong
disposition to vote with him for occupying the new
Chamber. We have been associated many years
with Senators, some of whom are older than I am
here; some of whom are not so old. We are to
separate with a portion of the body on the 4th of
March next; and though the forebodings of that*
honorable Senator may be wrong in his own ease,
and he may yet be returned to the Senate of the
United States and have many years of honorable
service hereafter in this body, yet, in regard to
others of us, if is probable that we shall notagain
meet him and his associates who now retire.
Upon that ground, then, in order that those who
have gone with us in making these appropria-
tions, in directing the construction of the new ed-
ifice, and in preparing it for public service, may
have an opportunity of closing their present terms
of service-in the Senate in the new Hall, I shall
very checrfully acquiesce in the suggestion which
he makes, and give my vote for the change. So
far as the question of health is concerned, I can-
not be at all made to believe that, that edifice, the
main part of which has been completed for two
or three years, and has been subjected to a con-
tinual drying process, can be at all unwholesome;
and it, as I before said, presents no other ques-
tion than a question simply of choice, a matter
almost of caprice, one way or the other.
Mr. WILSON. I atu in the same condition
with the Senator from Texas; my term expires
on the 4th of March next; and so does the term
of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden;]
but I prefer to close my term here, and I shall
vote against going into the new building, because
I prefer to see it occupied only when it is com-
pletely finished; when all the avenues leading to
it are in a proper condition, and when the officers
have removed there. But, sir, if we are to go
there, i hope the suggestion made by the Senator
from Georgia will be carried out, and fhatatonce
we shall have a railing put around the seats of
Senators. Those Senators who sit on the back
seats will find it very ineonvenicrit to occupy that
position, unless we have a bar or railing such as
we have here in this Hall, I think no one can
go into the House of Representatives and witness
the condition of that portion of the House who
occupy rear seats, liable to be incommoded by
persons dropping into the seats of members, with-
out coming to the conclusion that we ought to
have a railing around the seats of members, and
that no person should be pei mitted to take the seat
of a Senator, with the exception, perhaps, of mem-
bers of the House of Representatives. If we are
to go into the new Hall, I hope some committee
will direct that such a bar be placed at once around
the rear seats of the members. I shall vote, how-
ever, against going now, for I am content to re-
mam here; and I am very much surprised to hear,
as J have heard to-day, that this is a place so very
unhealthy.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the question be-
fore the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and, being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 26, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Broderiek, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, CJirigman, Cultonden, Davis, Divon, Doohttle,
Duik.ee, PitKpJUrick, Gvvm, Hammond, Harlan, Houston,
Jones, Kennedy, Kejd, Rice, Seward. Slide!!, Thomson of
New Jen-ev, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wade—-2o.
NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Bigler, Clay, Coliamer, Fessen-
deu; Foot, Giecn, Ilamlin, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee,
