THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-FiI'TIi Comgress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1859.
New Series....No. 13.
Kin?, roll--, Seba&tian. Shields, Stuart, Ward, Wilson, and
Wi^ht—18.
So the resolution was adopted; and the Vice
President appointed Messts. Davis, Collameti,
and Kennedi'j as the committee of arrangements
to superintend the removal. i
Mr. HAMLIN. I now ask the Senate to vote
on the resolution which I submitted. I do not
propose to discuss it. It is a proposition which
every Senator understands. It is a question,
whether we shall simply draw or not draw for
our seats when we £0 into the new Flail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move to postpone the special orders m order to
take up that resolution?
Mr. HAMLIN. I do. I did not suppose any-
body would object. I withdrew the resolution,
as an amendment to the one just adopted, at the
request of Senators. I now offer it, as a separate
resolution, in this shape:
llc<oh:cd} Thar !he ?fnts in the Senate Chamber shall be
a<-ii'iied to Senator iu the following maimer: The Secre-
taiy'-han put nito a box the name of each Scnatoj, and in
tin1* pie^euee of tin> Senator, f-lia!) ptocced lo chaw the
same there'Vorn. nntl each Senator shall select a seat as ins
name fdiall be called.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to suggest to the Sen-
ator, that the matter might be a^ropnately re- : — • '-'theuSnuhrf'ba^ne^SenaiebiVl
ferred to the committee 01 an angements, pioviueu n XT ^ c .
for in the resolution which has been adopted. i No- C'>> Pac,fie 01,1 r
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand that; but the
a call upon the Post Office Department. The
parties desire that the resolution should be dis-
posed of before the adjournment, so that the in-
formation may come in; and I have prepared a
substitute which meets my views, and to which
I suppose there will bo no objection at all. 1
should like to have the unanimous consent of the
Senate to dispose of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I must object to that. The
Senator from New Hampshire is not in his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects. Then the qm-s'ion is on the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. Will the
Senator from Pennsylvania withdraw that for a
motion I propose to make for an executive ses-
sion. A nomination lias come in this morning,
which must be acted on to-day. I think it will
not take live minutes.
Mr. CAMERON. I will witlidiaw it foi the
purpose of going into executive session.
executive session.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I now move
that we proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to make an inquiry of the
committee of arrangements may be of one opinion,
and the Senate of another, and I simply wish the
expression of the opinion of the Senate, and then
let that committee be guided by it.
Mr. BROWN. 1 hone the Senate will take no
such course as that. Drawing for seats is well
enough in the House of Representatives, but in
a body so small as this it seems to me to be i
wrong. For this particular case, I should not I
have so much objection to it; but 1 fear it is going I
to run into a precedent, and at the opening of j
every Congress we shall be asked to diaw for |
seats, and old Senators will be displaced aod new
ones take their places. If it could be confined to [
this single time, I do not know that I should ob- j
jpet to if; but I have a bump of locality pretty j
'highly developed. If I get m a seat, I want to stay j
there, and do not want to be drawn out of it by i
any sort of lottery of this kind. I ha^e no idea
but that we can go into the new Chamber like t
Gentlemen, and get comfortable seats without any i
such scramble as has been anticipated. i
Mr. CAMERON. I am afraid we shall not :
have time to discuss the proposition of the foena- >
tor fiom Maine. A number of us desire to Iea"c ;
to-day. and the Senate will adjourn in the course j
of half an hour, or an hour at any rate. The cars !
start at half past thlee o'clock, and those who are j
goin°" noith and cast ou^ht to leave the Senate j
Chamber in a few minutes. This proposition will ;
require a good deal of discussion. I move, theie-
foro, that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. GW1N. i hope the Senator will withdraw
the motion for a moment. 1 want to take up the
special order so as to leave it as the uufinisaed
business.
Mr. CAMERON. I will withdraw the motion
Ion" enouah for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the resolution of the Senator from Maine.
Mi. CAMERON. 1 will not withdraw my nio-
tUThe VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
bffuie tile Senate is on the motion to postpone
the h'iccvJ 0!'>le!S,wiih a vu w to take up theres-
oluhon of the N'i,aior from Maine. ^
Mr. CAMERON. Does not uiy motion to au-
iouril tak" nrei-'Joii'''' - _
The VICE i'i! I3S1DENT. The Chair under-
stood thf Senator to wilwiUaw it. _
Mr C YM EUON. Only on condition.
The VICE HIESIDEaT. Then the motion
to adionrn k pending. . , .
Mi. STUART. I wish to ask the indulgence
of the Senator .i.ul the SS.-nate. to pass a resolu-
tion which was introduced yesterday by tiie Sen-
ator fioiii New Hampshire, [Mr. H,uX|] making
n
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present occu
j pant was not in the chair yesterday, at the time
j of the Adjournment; but he understands that that ,
bill js the unfinished business. !
■ Mr. GW1N. That is all i wish to have under- ■
j stood. i
| Mi. THOMSON.of New Jersey. I renew my !
I motion for an executive session. ;
; The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro- !
i ceoded to the consideration of executive business. '
After some time spent therein, the doois weic le- i
opened. i
| ARRtST OF WILLIAM WALKER. !
I The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
j a report of the Secretary of the Navy, eommum-
1 catnip, in compliance with aiesoiuliun oi th.' Sen- ,
! ate of the 21st instant, copied of all the h tteis or
correspondence, now on ulein bts Depai tmont,
I b< twPf.n the President of Nicaragua and Commo-
! (hire Hi ram P.'iuidiojr, in reLumo to the capture
of Wiiham Walker and his command atSun Juan
1 de Nict'.ia:_ua, in December,
I Mr. OOOLITTLC. I move that the commu-
■ nicatjon be printed, and hud on the table.
i Mr. CLAY. 1 suppose the motion to print
: goes to the Committee on Printing, as a matter of
couisu?
j Mi. DOOLITTLE. I think it. is not necessary
to re fir the matter to the Committee on Printing,
j This, as I understand, is a letter fiom the Presi-
dent of Xie.'irn^iiii to Commodore Hiram Panld-
I ins;, in relation to the capture of Walker at San
. Jaan.
i The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
j rick in the chair.) Under the rule, a motion io
i print o document ot this kind must be referred to
the Committee on Prmtiii.;; but by unanimous
! consent the Senate em dispense with that rule.
' Mi. DOOLPi'TLE. 1 cusk unanimous consent
for that purpose.
; Mr. CLAY. I munt ob^c.
i The PRESIDI^Cr OFFICER. Tt will go to
the Committee on Printing.
; san fra^cisco post office.
i Mr. BIGLEIl. I ask the Senate to pioceed to
. the consideration of the ies'>luuoii odeied yester-
' day by the Senator from N< w ILmipshiie, [Mr.
Hale,]calling for ccitvuiuaicn\uui'>ninreference
to ehargos against the postmaster at San trail-
[ Cisco '"I dp so for the purpose of oflenns: an
' amendment winch will be mote agreeable and sat-
!, isfactorv to the Committee on the Po&t Odice and
i: Post Roads, and to ail parties.
II Mi. COLLAMER. [ must object to calnngup
' the regulation. It is a ri solution which was _m-
11 troductd by the Senator from Xeu* Hampshire,
ii who is nut now present, who does not want it
called up, that we know of. He is not here to
attend to it.
Miv STUART. I will say to the Senator from
Vermont that the Senator from New Hampshire
desired it to be taken up and passed.
Mr. COLLAMER. But he did not want it to
undergo entire modification.
Mr. STUART. All I can say is, that he sent
word to me, through the medium of the person
who is anxious to nave this matter acted on, that
he wished the resolution called up and passed.
Mr. COLLAMER. Of course he wants it
passed.
Mr. STUART. And that he was willing it
should be put m that form which would give the
widest scope to the inquiry.
Mr. 1J1GLER. There will be no objection what-
ever, I am satisfied, when the Senator hears the
amendment read. It accomplishes the object of
the Senator fiom New Hampshire; for it is en-
tirely broad m its terms. The only difference Is
that the resolution which he offered reflects, in
some of its terms, upon the Department, and at
the same time was somewhat severe in its intima-
tions upon the postmaster at San Francisco; but
this amendment calls for all papers and documents
on the subject. That is the shape in which'the
committeeVh:sired the resolution to appear; and J
am satisfied that if the Senator from New Hamp-
shire weie here, he would agree to it in that shape.
Mr. COLLAMER. As these gentlemen seem
to be advised of the views of the Senator from
New Hampshire, who is not here, I shall not un-
dertake to differ with them. I simply say, it seems
to me that, when lie has introduced a resolution,
it should be left to him to take that course which
ho thinks proper. The fact that he wishes it
passed, does not prove that he would consent to
a modification of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
ts uii the motioo of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, to proceed to the consideration of the res-
olution named by bun.
Tiie motion \v^:< agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution yesterday offered
by Mr. Hale; which is as follows:
Whereas, tlio Senate, on the 13th of May la«t, adopted the
following resolution, limm ly :
uResolved, Timtthe Po-tmaster Gcneial he also requested
to liiioim the Honnte, at the s-iime time, w hcthci there aic
on si1.' tile-, eft!'.- Po-? Oiheu Depaitmeiit any complaints of
i mailea^aneo m olhe; , or violations of law on the part oi the
m Fiu'iu^eo po.anmsict ; and, U ^o, when the Mime ueie
; tiled :u ,l hi v. hat manner Uwy aie •aib.-.tajiuaied, and the na-
' nne'U the eh,mrc', the specific seclioiif'of the huv vvInch
the alleged ucib aic in violation of, and what action, jf any,
Ibeen tiken in regaul theieto
: And, on the ]0;h of June la t, the following additional
! le^-olutiort, rnuuelv :
1 '• Ilco/rcd, TJi.it the Po«tma*?tPr General lie requested to
! tian-'iuir to the Senate tu<- evidence of a)i< ami violations ot
i j;iw and nnlfeasancem oihee on the part ol thenostnui>tet
at San iM.n.ei-eo, and al-o tiie paper* arcmupanjmg the
-am.'. fiU-d in f'to Po--t C);hce Derailment on oi .ibout Apiil
1 ;«">T. AKo, all cone-pondenee wjlh J. 1). Fiv, the
' spinal a«/ci)f ol t!:e Po-t Cilice l)ep'utmen?,m regaid to any
[ a:,eii< d mail' a-auce on the part ol baid po-tmaster : and e^.-
i p,-cial!\, a e\)p\ ol a letter addi^st^ed to raid Try, Oct«jber 3,
i a*id the jeplv to the same ; and also the lepoa made
, lo- ilie '■••id Fiv. 'ALo. lettei-s in relation to the &atne tiom
1 _I VuIi ihikKelsn, E>q , ia and Me^is, aiuoje
[ Fn!>- M le K'<7. and copie> of ail cojie-pondencecoonei fed
ihei" v.iJi. \i.o, letter-' fiom II- L. Goodwill in nini
■ join 1 'rii"v fi.nn the s-anje pci^on,dated.vZareh *27, June
' .1 ulv H ol d JuK-Or), is;>7. Al?o. letteis of C. L. U'ehet,
dite'i Sept"in*')(. r I, 3d.">5. iMaicli 21, and October
,md i'J, ]' Yi : and that the pos-nna^er Geneial uifoini thx-
Senate u ii: i !i« t there any inforniatioii on the files ol the
Po-: (>.iie _> li.',,.ir!aiei)t «slio\vina or choiring that thenive---
:: tinatuhi oide ed to he made by J. D. Try, was an ex pa* It
inve-ti^,tt:on„ . . _ ^
Anxl o'heu..v  the nifonnation called for in the firit men-
turned le-oh'tioii, aod t!,e papeis culled foi hy the secoml
re^rlutiou have not been connnuincated to the Senate.
' i '1 nereioi e. , , , 4 ,
Rc-j'cl',}, That the, Po-,trnaster Geneial be directed to
tvn^nnt to'the S naie. without fuither delay, the intorma
,: ti-n and paiiers lelammtr) the aliened maliea=anee ia office
: and violations of law. on the pea of the po>tma>ter at Mm
" Fi ii;ej eo called for by tiie two abovemenmmed refOlu-
i tiores"of uiis body; adopted May 13 and June 10, lespect-
1 iveiv.
Mr. BIGLEIl. I now offer this amendment,
m tfic nature of a substitute, for the resolution:
■ I Resolved. That the Postmaster General be requested to
1,1 uaiiMint to the L-.-i.^teall the papers and ducuarenisielatu,^
