1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ms
the yeas and nays directly upon the question of
concurring in the amendment. That is the sim-
plest way.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope it will be under-
stood that, the vote we are now about to take will
apply to both mints, and also to the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois to dispense with them,
as well as this appropriation. 1 hope the under-
standing is, that the vote is on both of them to-
gether.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is upon the amendment by which
the Senate, in committee, rejected the appropria-
tions for these two mints.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand that; but we
adopted an amendment also dispensing with them
afterwards; and in order to avoid having two
votes, I suggest that we take the question on them
both together; otherwise we shall have to have a
second vote upon the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is an amend-
ment of which the Chair was not apprised.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that course.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us take them both to-
gether.
Mr. BIGLER. They both embrace the same
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I offered the amend-
ment, 1 will state that I have no objection to their
both going together. I hope that, by unanimous
consent, the vote will be allowed to be taken on
them together.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that be the sense
of the Senate, the Secretary will read the amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. It is hardly worth while to
read it. We all know what it is. It is merely
to provide for dispensing with those mints.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary had
better read it. The Chair was not aware of that,
and did not know the state of the question.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Strike out as follows:
uJlt Charlotte, North Carolina.
"For salaries of superintendent, coiner, assnjer, and
clerk, $6,(WO.
" For wages of workmen, $2,600.
liJlb Duhlonega, Georgia.
" For salaries of supciiutundcut, coiner, asssayer, and
dork, .<56,001).
•' For wages of workmen, $2,880.-'
And insert:
+dnd be it further enacted, That all laws establishing
branch mints at Clmtlottc, North Carolina, and Dahlonrga,
in Georgia, be, and the same aie hereby, repealed ; and the
President of the United States is hereby authorized to cause
to be sold, at such unie and on such terms as he may deem
ino&t conducive to the public interest's, the cites now occu-
pied by the branch mints at Charlotte and Dahlonega, and
also cause the proceeds to be paid into the Treasury of the
United States.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is upon concurtwg in that amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole?
Mr. MASON. Is the question on striking out
the appropriation, or on the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois? *
Mr. HUNTER. By common consent we take
them both together.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Chandler, Clark, ColJamer,
Doohttle, Dutkee, Foot, Foster, Ilale, Ilailati, Johnson ot
Tennessee, King, Toombs, Tiumbull, and Wade—jo
NAYS—Messrs. Kigler, Camcion. Chosnut, Cia>. Cling-
man, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doiiyl.t-?, Fitch, Fitzjiaiuck,
Green, Gwin, Houston, Iver?on. Johnson of Arkansas, Ken-
nedy, Lane, Polk, Pugh, Reid, Rice, Seba>tian, Sewaid,
Smith, Waul, and Yuiee—27.
So the amendments were non-concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. It was read the
third time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
'The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Che« ut. Clay. Clin<_'man, Oolla-
mci', Davis. Douglas. Fitch. I itzp:«nck, Grcnn. Gwm. Hale.
Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy,
Lanp, Mason, Polk, Pugb, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Smith.
Ward, and Yulee—27. '
NAYS—Mesbr?. Broderick, Cameron. Chandler, Clark,
Dixon. Doohttle, Durkee, Foot, Fo&ter, HaiIan, Johnson of
Tennessee, King, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson
—16.
So the bill was passed. .
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. YULEE. I a§k the Senate to resume the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 874) establishing
certain post routes. Upon the bill being taken
up, I shall move to adjourn, my object being to
leave it as the unfinished business for to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 hope we
shall not take up that bill now. There are other
important bills that ought to be acted upon,
Mr. YULEE. I hope the motion will be put.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope not. I
understand the motion to be to take up the bill
establishing post routes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Tennessee if he will give way to allow
me to make a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will do that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator yields to
me, I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. YULEE. I ask what effect that motion,
if adopted by the Senate, will have upon the pend-
ing motion to take up the bill? Will it remain
the first business in order to-morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not. It is
moved and seconded that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. YULEE. I hope we shall not adjourn
until we act on the motion to take up the bill.
^ The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (^t
sixteen minutes to twelve o'clock) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Fchuarxj 23, 2859.
The House metateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. John C. Stonestreet.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HARRIS obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is a quorum present?
The SPEAKER countcd the House, and stated
there were only one hundred and nine members
present.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig of
Missouri, and Chaffee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 17, noes 109.
So the House. refused to order a call of the
House.
BARON DE KALB.
Mr. HARRIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced resolutions of the Maryland Legislature,
m reference to a monument to Baron Do. Kalb;
which were laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by J. B. Henry, his Private
Secretary, informing the House that he had this
day approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act for the relief of Samuel A. Fairchilds;
An act to authorize the claimants in the right of
John ITueiias lo enter certain lands in Florida;
An act granting an invalid pension to John
Lee, of the State of Maine;
An act for the benefit of the captors of the Brit-
ish brig Caledonia, in the war of 1812;
An act for the lehef of Leonard Loomis;
An act for the relief of the representatives of
Henry King, deceased;
An act for the relief of David Watson;
An act for the relief of Robinson Gammon;
An act for the relief of Francis Carver;
An act foi the iclief of John F. Cannon; and
An act for the relief of Frederick Smith.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. .
A message was received from the Senate, by
AsBttRY Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a resolution
ard bills of the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) for the relief
of Michael Papprcniza;
An act (H. R. No. 83) for the relief ojf Wil-
liam H. Russell;
An act (H. R. No. 221) for the relief of Mary
Bainbridge;
An act(H. R.No. 551)4o protect the land fund
tor school purposes in Sarpy county, Nebraska
Territory; and - ' .
An act (H. R. No. 804) to authorize the set-
tlers upon sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections,
who settled before the surveys of the public lands,
to preempt their settlements.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill to
revive the tariff of 1846.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 object.
Mr. HUGHES. I move, then, a suspension
of the rules for the purpose indicated.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Previous t'o the
adjournment yesterday, 1 moved a suspension of
the rules. The gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] appealed to me to withdraw my mo-
tion. I neglected to do so; but submitted a mo-
tion to adjourn. That motion, I understand, is
now pending. The House adjourned on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to correct the gentle-
man as to his facts. I understood the motion to
suspend was withdrawn. If it were not, I wish
to call the attention of the Chair to the form "in
which it was made. In the first place, the gen-
tleman submitted a motion for the suspension of
the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for an examination of
the Journal, to see whether there is a motion
pending for a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. There is such a motion pend-
ing. The Chair was under the impression that
it had been withdrawn.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to make the point that
the motion now pending does not amount to any
motion under the rules; and for this reason! the
gentleman from Missouri first submitted a motion
to suspend the rules and go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. He then
withdrew so much of that motion as related to
going into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to enable some gentleman to
introduce another resolution; so that his motion
stood before the House as a simple motion to sus-
pend the rules, for no purpose whatever. I make
the point that a motion to suspend the rules, dis-
connected with any other proposition, is no mo-
tion at all. When the gentleman withdrew that-
portion of the motion to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, the whole
motion foil.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman was to suspend the rules, so as to enable
him to introduce a resolution, extending " for
this day" the resolution heretofore adopted for
evening sessions for debate.
Mr. HUGHES. The time having passed for
the evening session proposed, the resolution then
becomes nn impossibility.
The SPEAKER. That maybe a good reason
for rejecting the motion to suspend the rules, but
not one to justifv the Chair in refusing to put the
motion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I withdraw my
motion to suspend the rules, and submit another
motion that the rules be suspended and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that would
be rather sharp practice on the gentleman*from
Indiana. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. I ask to have my bill read.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I addressed the
Chair for the purpose of having the Chair to re-
cognize me. The Chair did recognize me; and I
withdrew the motion, and submitted another; as
I had the right to do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must entertain
the motion of the gentleman from Missouri; if he
insist upon it. ,
Mr. HUGHES. Then I call on the House to
vote it down, and rebuke the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
