1276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the State of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending June 30,
I860; the pending question being on the following
amendment offered by Mr. Montgomery to the
amendment of Mr. Avery:
Be it further enacted, That tho act approved the 3d day
of March, 1857, entitled, " An act reducing tlie duties on
imports, and lor other purposes," be, and the same here-
by, repealed ; and the act, entitled. " An act reducing the
imports:, and loi other purposes," bPin? the act o! SUth of
July, 1846, bu revived ; with the following amendments, to
wit:
.Strike out all provision* at present found m any of tlie
schedules of said act which impose dutie- on iron, oi the
manufactures ot iron, in any form, and insert after the end
of the hist sc hedule ot' said lull, the following :
•And he it further enacted, That horn and alter the passage
of this act there shall he levied, collected, and paid, on the
importation of the articles lieieinaner mentioned, the fol-
lowing duties ; that is to ^ay: On iron in pig<, i=ix dollars per
ton ; on old scrap iron, six dollars per toil: Provided, That i
nothing shall he deemed old iron which has not been in
actual u-<e. On laihoad iron, ot sections not exceeding m.\
inches m height, twelve dollar-* pei ton ; on non in bai< ot
bolts, hammeied or lolled, thuteen dollars per ton : Pro-
vided\ That all iron m ^-lab?., hlooms loops, or other loim
le.^s finished than lion m hai-. oi bo|«s, ami more advanced
than pig iron, except casting*, shall be rated as non in bars
oi bolt!.,and pay a duty aeeoidiugly. On Ru^ia sheet non,
galvanized ? hect non, also known .it- sheet zinc, two eeni 
per pound ; on plain iron castings, one halt cent per pound;
on ea*-t i^on lailway chans, one half cent per pound; on
wrought non railwav chaiis, one cent pel pound; on
wionyht nails and spikes, cut lacks spi !«-*, and hi ad?., one
and one half cent pei pound ; on cut nails and spikes, one
cent per pound; on wrought non tubes, loi gas, steam, and
watei, one and one half cent pei pound; on lound oi square
iion. oi Inaziers' iod"., ot three MUi'onllw to ten stvteenlhs
of an inch m diameiei ;nnd on lioop non; and on non, slit,
lolled, oi hammered, lor band non; and on scroll mm, oi
casement km! - ; non < able climih, ot par t> ihen of, manu
factuted in who!" or in pan, ol whatever diameter, the link*
being ot t he (oi id nf chain- for cables, one and one hall cent
jier pound;on all oihei chains of iron, not oiherwi-r. provided
lor and speeilied, one hall cent pei pound; on anchois. or
p.irN ol aii'-hoi-, in.uiutaetnreci in whole oi m pait; anvils,
blacksmith*.' hamnieis and sledges, one and one half cent
pei pound; on null -aw--, cio-s cut -aws, and pit snv^, one
doliai each; on all kind-. ol Meel, tinman n I act mod, one and
one halt cent pei pound; on all oihei kind- ot non, rolled
or hammeied. not oilieiwise -petihed and provided lor,
twenty dollar": per ton; on niu^k'Ms and nil''-!. <ind all oih^r
kinds ol liie-aini-, oi side-arm*, oi otiiei manufactures nf
steel and non. oi eithci. tin all emlerv, and other article*
«>t h.mhvtii e. not otiiei u ise specified and piovided foi, ihuiy
pet centum nd vnhn em.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is not germane to tho bill.
Mr. HA IIKNDALE. t( is cleatly outof oider.
Several AI tc.mi! rii s. Let it be read.
The CI eik piocceded to read the amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. The amendment is (leariy
out, of order, and it is nonsense to take up time in
reading it.
The CHAIRMAN. Thoie is no doubt about
if, Tii'1 Hliaii rules Un> amendment out of order.
MY. MONTGOMERY. Will the Chair hear
me a moment on the question?
Mi. DE \N. 1 shall object.
Mr. AlORt!A.\, If the  entIonian fiom Penn-
sylvania tak< s an appeal, 1 object to hi* debuting
it.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The Chair has, of
com se, the power of ex tending to me the courtesy
to lei me p-for to pn cedents in the 1 louse on this
thi.- suI'jei t.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment having
been ruled out ol order, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has the ieniedV of an appeal from tho
decision of the Chair. The Chan entertains no
doubt as !'i the amendment being out of oider.
Air. AIONTGO M ER V. ] am necessitated to
take an appeal from the decision of the Chan.
The revision of the tariff is a question of such
importance, and is so jaipemtively demanded by
the best lntei ests of the \\ hole nation,and of such
thri'il.ug intcies.t tw the people of Pennsylvania,
that I cannot consult to pci in it an opiun tumty to
pass without an eiToit to do something for the
Tieasury and the country. I tiieiefoie insist on
my appeal.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move to lay the appeal :
on the table.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I will state the grounds
of my appeal.
Mr. DEAN". Debate having been closed on
tho bill, the appeal is not debatable.
Air. MONTGOMERY. But I have a light to
state the grounds of my appeal. The rules of this ,
House are mere matters of convention. We
make our own rules. If the House has heretofore
decided such an amendment in order, that de-
cision settles the rules until it is reversed. Now,
it has been settled by a majoiity of the House,
in February, 1855, that such an amendment as
the one which I have offered, is in order. I find
in the Congressional Globe, for the second ses-
sion of the Thirty-Third Congress, the following
precedents:
"Mr. EnGERTON, on tho 23d of February, 1855, offered
an amendment a/Focting the duties on certain specified
articles of import.
" Mr. Florence raised the question that n was not in
Older.
'• The Chair held the amendment to he out of order
"An appeal was taken, and the decision of tiie Chair
was overruled
"The next day, Mr. Letcher offered a sub-mute for
Mr. Edgkrton's amendment regulating the duties on nn-
poits No question ot order was raised, and th>: substitute
was adopted.
Mr. MORGAN, I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is not stating his point of order,
but is arguing the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman to be referring to a precedent estab-
lished by the House. ;
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Yes, sir; I am refer- ;
ring to a case decided by the House; and I am ;
giving the authority for the admissibility of my )
amendment. I desire to show that a gentleman ;
who stands very high in the House, and whom I 1
consider one of tho first parliamentarians in this ;
body, acquiesced in such a construction of the ,
rule, and offered such an amendment. The pre- :
cedent then established has never been leversed; ;
and if a tariff bill was a legitimate amendment to
an appropriation bill then, it is equally so now. 1
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to a !
question of order. 1 understand the Chair tode- ;
cule that the gentleman fiotn Pennsylvania had 1
the right to state his point of order, but had not ,
a i ight to argue it. :
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I am not arguing it.
I am quoting authority to show that such is the
rule of this House. !
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen-
tleman is fn iruin«: and quoting authority.
Mr. MON TGOMERY. I am simply quoting ;
the precedent established by the 1 louse, and show-
ing that this preced'-m has not been overruled and
is yet one of oui mles, for precedents are lules :
until revorsi d.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it
is not tn order for the gentleman to read authori-
ties, for that is debating his appeal. The Chair 1
permitted the gentleman to refer to decisions.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Well; Idesne simply
to refer to them, and have been doing so. :
Mr. LETCHER. 1 move that the gentleman
be allowed to proceed for his five minutes.
Mi. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gentle- i
man will be kept to the rules of tiie House.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I insist on
enfoicement of the ruie.
Ah . MONTGOMERY. Mr Hanks, who was
afterwards Speaker of the I louse, offered such an
amendment. His parliamentary information will
not be disputed nor denied. 'Then the gentleman
fiom Vitguua, [Mr. Lki-ciikr,] who is, m my
opinion, one of the first paihunientannns in the
II ouse, offered a substitute for the amendment of
the gentleman ftomOlno, which was a tariff bill;
and if these things wen: m older then, they are
as much s-o now.
The CHAIRMAN. The. Chair would again
remind the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
nienilifis on .ill suh s object to debate, and he con-
siders that the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania is
debating.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 referied1 to these
piecedents to show that the House has established
such a rule, and I was leading that mle, as es-
tablished by precedent, not by a decision of the
Chair, but by a vote of the House, and, in order
to show what that rule is, it is indispensably ne-
cessary that I should show when and how it was
established, and wheie the piecedent 's to be
found. 1 lefer to the Congre&sional Globe, the '
record, to show tho time, the occasion, and the
circumstances under which that lule was estab- 1
lished; and to show, also, that the proceeding i
which lam now instituting, is regular, ordei ly, 1
and in accordance with the tules and precedents I
of the House, and has been acquiesced in and i
acted upon by the best pailiamentanans amongst
us. How can I do this, unless I am permitted
to read the precedents? I am st-uing the ground
upon which I maintain that my amendment is m
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will per-
ceive that if he is permitted to read those prece-
dents, other gentlemen will go into the whole
question of the reason of the rule, and the cir-
cumstances under which it was adopted. The
Chair thinks the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania is
not m order.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Is it in oftler for me
to say that the proceedingby which this rule was
established, is to be found in the Congressional
Globe, of February 23. 1855, and that the gentle-
man from Virginia, whose parliamentary tact,
skill,and learning are proverbial,acquiesced in it?
I earnestly urge this tiimg, tluough no disrespect
to this House, but br cause 1 am convinced that it
is sustained by the practice of the House, and be-
cause 1 desire to have something done on the sub-
ject of our revenues, to sustain our credit, encour-
age our manufactures, and prevent the necessity
for an extra session of Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it would
not be m order.
Mr LETCHER. I ask the House to allow
me a moment to explain my position about this
matter.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
any furthei d-ebate on the question of older.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not mean to debate it.
Air. MONTGOMERY. I do not object to the
gentleman's explanation, if I am allowed to state
the facts m reply.
[Cries of " Order!" " Older!'']
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The 55th rule provides that—
" No motion or ptopo-mon on a subject difleicnt from
that itndet consideration, t-ha.Il ho admitted under color of
amendment "
'This is a bill simply appropriating money to
pay the expenses of the Post Office Department
for the next fiscal year, and the amendment is a
proposition to impose duties on foreign imports.
The Chair thinks the amendment eleaily out of
order undet t he 55! h i ule.
The question being on the appeal,
Mr. MONTGOMERY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordeted; and Messis. Cn.Air*E, of
North Carolina, and ('rivrrnc were appointed.
The committee di vided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes one hundred and nine, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment i tiled out of order.
'The question recuired on the amendment of-
fered yesterday, by Air. Avery, which was read
as follows:
Pmvided, That the contract m ide and entered into h •-
! tween the Po.-a Ollice f>epaiiin<*nt and Butieitield &- Co,,
! foi earryun; the oveihind mail fiom the Mississippi riviM
to tho I'.untie coast, he, and the <amc i- herein, i atilied and
con ni med, and that 1> utter field Sc Co. he compelled to carry
said mail aecoidmg to t-ard contiact.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
Proridrd f to they, That if anv eoutraer for eat rvniii tha
mails he changed, under the airliotuc o' Coie^e--;, n shall
he ihe dutv of the Po-muMer Ceneial to re-adveilise and
re P*t the contract, as in the ni-t instance.
Mr.PHELPS. ofMissouri. I rise to a question
of order. I think that this amendment piopose5;
to change the existing law. This is a bill to ap-
propriate money ?o fulfill the icquireineuts of e:\-
lsting law, and not for independent legislation.
Air. REAGAN. 3 regret to see, after a partic-
ular inteu-st has succeeded in getting an amend-
ment grafted on the bill, these persistent efforts to
exclude everything to qualify that effort to change
the existing contract. If this original amendment
which the Chair ruled to be in order, was m or-
der, tins amendment is certainfv not out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is m oider.
Mr. REAGAN. Then in oider that the House
may act intelligibly on the pioposiuon to change
the contract for canymg the mail to the Pacific, 1
Will ask the gentleman from Missouri [Mr Blair]
a question. The question 1 wish to ask the gen-
tleman is: wiiethei he knows that any member of
the Outterfield company desires a change m their
contract ?
Air. BLAIR. I will say to the gentleman I
know that no member of that company bid for
