194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
to the various charges made against the official conduct of
the postmaster at San Francisco.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
ADMISSIONS ON THE FLOOR.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following res-
olution, which I think ought to be acted upon be-
fore we adjourn. It relates to going into the other
Hall:
Resolved, That until the Senate otherwise order, nop^r-
pon except Senators, th« officers of the Senate, and mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, be admitted to tlie
floor of the Senate while in session.
I think it would be better that we should have
some rule about this matter before we go into the
new Hall, as it wiil be unpleasant, if we once
admit persons on the floor, to turn them out after-
wards. I have no objection to the alteration
which is suggested by the Senatorfrom Michigan,
[Mr. Stuart,] but I think it would be desirable
not to have the Senate crowded upon, and particu-
larly those of us whoseton the outer circle, when
we first go into the new Chamber.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not see that, in as large
a room as that, we should be likely to be dis-
turbed by allowing those to come in who are now
privileged to come upon the floor.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. Theic is no railing at all
there; theic is nothing to prevent the crowd com-
ing right upon those of us who sit on the outer
circle.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Perhaps the
resolution of the Senator from Illinois may con-
flict with the standing rule of the Seriate, as to the
admission of persons.
Mr. STUART. It will require unanimous con-
sent to change the rule without a day's notice. J
Mr. IVERSON. t hope we shall pass (he res- j
olution offered by (he Senator ftom Illinois, be- ;
cause I shall be put on an outside scat, and 1 know j
how disagreeable it will be to occupy that posi- !
tion, unless we have a railing, or exclude visitois. j
J have had experience of that in the Legislature ;
of the State of Georgia, and I see how the difix- I
culty operates in the House of Representatives, j
I do not know but that we shall be compelled, as |
the Senator from Massachusetts very properly i
said, to have a bar anyhow, even if we exclude \
visitors, to keep out members of the House of 1
Representatives, for they will come in and drop j
into our seats, if there is no barrier; and if you i
want to sit down, you will have to be guilty of;
the rudeness of asking gentlemen to get up. Wo j
shall probably have a bar; we can, at any rate, j
try this method, and if it does not work we can {
alter it. - j
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I have hoard re- ■
peatedly here what has been very painful to me, ]
and must be very painful to the public ears, and, i
I think, is calculated to biingthc Senate into great 1
disctedit; that is the repeated charge that the i
Senate keeps a bar, and that the Senate is ad- j
dieted to nuling. [Laughter.] I trust we shall j
not hear anything more about that, but that gen- s
tlemen wih substitute some other words. I hope
the resolution will be adopted. |
Mr. JVEttSON. I stand corrected by the su- j
perior critical erudition of the gentleman from i
Alabama. |
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the resolution, and it was agreed to.
On morion of Mr. STUART, the Senate then
adjuurned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Thursday, December 23, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. j
The Jonrmd of yesterday was read. j
Mr. OILMAN. I desire to have the Journal |
amended. I find my name is recorded as voting :
in the affirmative oil the passage of the old sol- |
diers' pension bill. 1 voted in the negative. j
There being no objection, the Journal was cor ,
reeled accordingly.
executive communication.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House o communication from the Sec-
retary of State, asking authority to pay A. Dud-
ley Mann for services rendered to the Govern-
ment; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
•INTRODUCTION OF BILLS, ETC.
Mr. TRIPPE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill of which previous
notice has been given, for the purpose of refer-
ence only.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If the gentleman
will permit me, I will offer a resolution which
wiS allow all equally to introduce bills.
Mr. TRIPPE. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to introduce this bill.
Mr. ANDREWS. I shall object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, i suggest to the
gentleman from Georgia, that it would be better
to allow the resolution to be submitted, which
will enable all to introduce bills and resolutions.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker now pioceed to call each
State and Territory, and upon &uch call members may intro-
duce bills and resolutions for reference only, and without
debate, of which previous notice 1ms been given, and such
IIousq lesolutions as bhallnot give rise to debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the resolution can be mod-
ified so as to receive reports from committees, I
shall have no objection to it. It ought also to be
modified, so far as to provide that the reports and
bills and resolutions which may be introduced
and referred to committees shall not be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have no objection
to such modification.
Mr. RITCHIE. I hope the gentleman will
strike out the words, " of which previous notice
has been given."
The resolution, as modified, was read as fol-
lows:
Resolved. That the Speftkor now proceed to call each
Slate and Terntory, and upon such call membeis may m-
tioduce bills and resolutions, for reference only, and with-
out debate, of ^\hu-h piovions notice luv? been given, and
Mith House re>olunons as shall not give rise to debate,
and aKo teporN tiomeoninuttees : Provided, No bill so m-
kfcnluoeri or n-poited shall be bi ought before the House by
a motion to lecouaider.
Mr. GROW. Does that mean that only reports
of committees shall be referred?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
require a report coming from a committee to bo
referred without debate; in other words, that
nothing coming from a committee can be put on
its passage under the terms of the resolution.
Mr. OKAlCr, of Missouri. That is as I under-
stand it.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the res-
olution ?
Mr. HOUSTON, I wish to understand the
resolution. Suppose I offer a resolution and call
the previous question on it: would that be admis-
sible, or would the resolution, if the previous
question were not seconded and debate occurred,
be excluded under the terms of the resolution? I
ask the question for this reason: if gentlemen
are permitted to offer resolutions and to call the
previous question, the most litigated resolutions
may bo present,ed and voted on.
Mr. CRAlO?, of Missouri. Does the* gentle-
man objcct to the resolution?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do, unless it is restricted
to resolutions which do not give rise to debate,
and on which the previous question is not called.
The SPEAKER. It will be amended so as to
read such resolutions as shall not be objected to.
GALVESTON CUSTOM-IIOUSE.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the gentle-
man from Missouri to suspend action on his res-
olution, to enable me to report back from the
Committee on Commerce Senate resolution No.
54, for changing the plan of the custom-house at
Galveston, Texas, to which I referred yesterday,
and put it on its passage. It is important that
the proposed alteration should be made, and it is
recommended by the Secietary of the Treasury.
The contractors are waiting here, and that whole
section of country is interested in it. I hope the
[louse will permit me to have tlie bill and amend-
ment reported, and put them upon their passage.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I shall interpose
no objection.
Mr, CLARK, of Connecticut. I objcct.
REPORTS, RESOLUTIONS, ETC.
Mr. Craig's resolution, as modified, was then
adopted.
Mr. CRAIG moved that the vote by which the
resolution was adopted be reconsidered; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsidcr upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then proceded to call the
States and Territories in their order, beginning
with the State of Maine.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. COMINS introduced a bill to regulate the
duty on imports, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
CLAIMS OP MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. CHAFFEE asked leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rcetcd to inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation to satisfy the claim of Massachusetts for advances
tor the United States in the war of 1812-15 with Great
IJntain,as audited by Hon. Joel It. Poinsett,late Secretary
of War; the said audit having been reported to this House
December 23, ] 837, and having been made under a resolu-
tion of Congress, appioved May 14, 1836.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
MARIA SWART AND ELIZABETH SWART.
Mr. ANDREWS introduced a bill for the re-
lief of Maria Swart and Elizabeth Swart, heirs
of Adam Swart; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE asked leave to sub-
mit the following resolution:
Resolved, That such of the standing committees of the
Ilou^e as wote authorized at the lastscssion of Congress to
employ clerks, be respectively authorized to employ clerks
at the same rate of compensation, for the present session,
and that their pay commence from the date of service.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
CAPTAIN SAMUEL C. REID.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE introduced a joint
resolution of thanks to Captain Samuel C. Reid,
for having formed and designed the present flag
of the United States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I ask leave to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed to in-
vestigate the accounts of the late Superintendent of Public
Printing, and that said committee be authoi lzed to send for
persons and papers, and have leave to report at any time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to object to
that resolution. I do not know what has induced
the gentleman to offer it; but my understanding
is that a special committee was created at the be-
ginning of the last session of Congresspn the sub-
ject of the public printing, and that committee has
not yet been heard from.
Mr. "VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. Did not that
committee expire at the close of the last session.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. The gentleman
from Alabama is mistaken. The special commit-
tee on printing, of which I was a member, made
reports of two separate and distinct bills, and
were discharged from the further consideration
of the subject.
Mr. FENTON. I object to debate.
The resolution was agiced to.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. FENTON asked leave to offer the follow-
ing lesolution:
Revolved, That House bill (No. 259) to provide for the
settlement of the claims? i/f the officers and soldiers of the
revolutionaty aimy, anu the widows and childien of those
who died m the service, ho made the special older for the
second Tuesday and Wednesday in January.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, objected.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT TRENTON.
Mr. ROBBINS asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee 011 the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into tiie propiiety of purchasing a site
and constructing a building for tlie purpose of a post office,
custom-liouse, and court-house at Trenton, New Jersey.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
JERSEY CITY A PORT OF ENTRY.
Mr. WORTENDYKE introduced a bill to es-
tablish a port of entry at Jersey City, in the State
of New Jersey; which was read a first and second
