1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ffft
this route, and that they protested against its
being W^red there.
Mr. REAGAN. That is not an answer to my
question. Does the gentleman know whether any
member of that company desires a change in
theircontract?
Mr. BLAIR. I do not know any member of
that company.
Mr. REAGAN. Then we have this state of
facts existing. The Cabinet have considered this
matter well. It is not a mere decision of the Post-
master General, as was intimated yesterday. The
decision in.establishing the line of the route over
which the route should pass, wajynade upon full
. on the part of
the Cabinet, and the entire Cabinet is responsi-
consultation, as I have stated
ble; a route over which the mail has been carried
with a success which has exceeded all expecta-
tion. It is now proposed to change that for an
uncertainty, for a route in reference to which the
probabilities are all against success. And more
than that, we aie now asked by a member on this
floor to change an important contract by a clause
- attached to the Post Office appropriation bill, for
which change not a single human being concerned
in it has asked; overruling an impoi tant decision
of the whole Cabinet, and repudiating that con-
tract; which every gentleman knows can have no
earthly possible valuable effect. It is perfectly
evident that no good can result from it. It can
have no other effect than to work a very great in-
jury to the best interests of the country.
Now, sir, I supposed, fiom the anxiety of the
gentleman to chai.ge this route, that he had some
indication from these contractors that they wished
the change made. But, from the statement made
by the gentleman now, it seems that they do not
desire it. Well, sir, suppose you abrogate this
contract, which has been made, and leave it to
Butterfield & Co. to locate the route, what will
come next? Every railroad, north and south,
having a terminus on the Mississippi, or any-
where on the western frontier, will oiler induce-
ments to the contidctois to make the terminus of
their route to suit their particular interest. Every
city having an interest in the terminus of the route
will beset them to fix that terminus to suit its par-
ticular interest. You put these contractors into the
market without their request, and in violation of
the public interest. You offer inducements to
every railroad company to buy up the location on
the part of Butterneld & Co. The Cabinet have
made the present location, upon full consultation
and deliberation; and I hope that contract will be
confirmed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. The amendment offered yesterday
by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Avery]
was to ratify a contract which was made clearly
in violation of law. The very language of the law
gives the location of the route to the contractors
themselves. It is shown that the route fixed by
the Postmaster General was one which the con-
tractors had no hand in selecting. They were
compelled to take that route.
Mr. REAGAN. Why did they take the con-
tract? Nobody forced them them to take it.
Mr. BLAIR., They were forced to take it.
They were not allowed to select their own route, j
The Postmaster General himself, in speaking of j
the location of this route, says so:
" On the 2<1 dav of Julj, 1857, the Dep-utment, after full
and maiute euiiMdeiatiou. math3 the lollowing ordei m re-
lation to the route selected dud the bid ^iceepted :
" 1*237$. F orn St. Louis, Missonn, ami lrom Memphis,
Tennessee, converging ;it Little K<>ek. Arkansas thence
via Preston, Texa-, oi as neatly so a- ma\ be round advis-
able. to the best point of'cro.-.-ni£ the Il'c. Gianrie, above Kl
Paso, and riot tar troni Fort Fitimoie : thence along the new
road being opened and eon^mieted under the dnecuon of
the Secretary or the interior, to Fo.t Vimi-i*-, (.\ihioima ;
thence thiou h the be>t p.i^e- :md ;d(m« th« hect vailej*.
tor s-iire and expeditious staging, to San Fianci-co.
" The foiegomg unite is selected for the. oveiiand mall
s-ervjc a to Calnornid, a* combining, in my judgment, muie
advantages and fevvei dij-:idvuniai_rc-5 than othei.
"• No bid having been made tor this pastieular toute, and
al! the bidder- (whose bids were eon-uieied legnlar under
the advertisement and the act of C(itiarc^) having con-
sented that their bid-' 111113 be held and considered as ex-
t< nded and applying to t-aui loute/'
The Postmaster General says that nobody bid
for that particular route, and yet lie selected a
route which, it ran be demonstrated,was nine hun-
dred miles further to the Pacific, than another
ioute directly from the Mississippi tortile Pacific
ocean. Now, sir, the gentleman from Tennessee j
desires that this contract, math* m violation of
law, shall be confirmed; and the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Reagan] proposes an additional pro-
vision, that if we abrogate one contract illegally
made, we should give the official who has made
one illegal contract, a chance to make another ille-
gal contract. That is the substance of these two
amendments.
Now, sir, so far as the opinion of the gentle-
man that the central route is not a practicable
one, is concerned, I desire to say that actual ex-
periments show that it is practicable; and not only
practicable, but it is much more so than the south-
ern route. It is within the knowledge of the
House that the President's Message was ex-
pressed through, by the central route, to San
Francisco in seventeen days, in the midst of win-
ter, while it required twenty-one days to express
it by the southern route. In any other season of
the year, the trip can be performed over the cen-
tral route in half the fime it will require for the
southern route.
Mr. Chairman, I do not appear here as the ad-
vocate of Butterfield &Co., or as the advocate of
any contractors whatever. I do not know any
one of these contractors. I never saw one of them
to my knowledge. But, sir, I appear here for the
whole country; I want to break down this con-
tract, and to allow the contractors to transport
the mail across some central route which shall be
for the benefit of all the States. I go for the whole
country, and not for the southern part of italone.
I go for the entire country, and for allowing the
contractors to selcct a route which shall better
subserve the interests of the country than to con-
fine it to the thirty-second parallel of latitude, 011
the very verge of our country, and at one place,
as I am informed, and believe, running through
Mexican territory.
Mr. AVERY. I ask the gentleman whether he
is in favor of abolishing this contract altogether ?
Mr. BLAIR. I am not.
Mr. AVERY. Then the gentleman is for St.
Louis, at any rate.
Mr. BLAIR. I am not for St. Louis, unless
consistent with the best interests of the country.
I want these contractors to be allowed to select
the best route. It is for their interest to select the
best route. If they are to carry the mail to the
Pacific for a specified amount, it is for their interest
to select the best and most expeditious route.
They will not be swayed by any political influ-
ence.
Mr. MAYNARD. It would be very easy to
sway them by capital.
Mr. BLAIR. It is very easy?under the present
dynasty, and in violation of the provisions of
law, to force them,-for political purposes, to lake
a route which the best interests of the country do
not demand. It is very easy to force them to be-
come the pioneers of a southern railroad route.
Mr. MAYNARD. "What art! the motives to
which the gentleman alludes?
Mr. DAVIDSON. And does not the gentle-
man from Missouri want the route to go altogether
to St. Louis
Mr. BLAIR. It starts from St. Louis al-
ready.
Mr. DAVIDSON. And that is the whole coun-
try to which he refers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. ATKINS. I move the following amend-
ment:
Provided fmthcr, That any land granted .is preemptions,
to any company which may iiai'i; been employed to carry
the mails, -hall'lj." Im toted i> tile company shall lail to carry
the inaiN 011 the ioute 011 which said preemptions were or
may 1>0 selected, and atcwrdee; to the termsot the contract
under which the' selection-; weie made.
Mr. Chairman,! offer that amendment because
I believe that the good sense and justice of the
House will approve of it in the event the amend-
ment heretofore moved by the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] shall be agreed to. I can-
not see any justice in abrogating tins part of the
contiact, and then allow this company to have
tiiese land preemptions. I have made a calcula-
tion of the number of acres that this company
will get from the Mississippi river to San Fran-
cisco. They will get near one hundred thousand
— between ninety-six and one hundred thousand.
If the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri be agreed to, then this company ought to
give up these lands. I think that the House can-
not fail, if it has a proper sense of justice, to
adopt the amendment I have offered.
I desire to say a word with regard to'the prac-
ticability of this route. A good deal has been
said aboiit it. I appeal to common sense, I'Ap-
peal to no other arbiter—I will not appeal to ex-
perience—1 appeal to common sense', WhetHel'
is not more reasonable that this contract catr, ,b£
carried out upon the thirty-second' parallel than
upon the rouie incmSited by the gentleman fr*om.
Missouri. Why ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman is not debating the amendment
Mr. ATKINS. I thinfr that it is rather late to
enforce the rule. I say so with all due respect ttf
the Chair. The utmost latitude for debate Has
been indulged to gentleman upon this floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair js not awareJ
that the question oil which the gentleman is speak-
ing has been debated on any of the amendments.
Mr. ATKINS. I hope the committee will adopt
the amendment I have offered. It Would be un-
fair, it would be unjust to the country, to allow
this company to have these lands, if the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri be agreed to.
[[lore the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I oppose the.
amendment. No lands have yet been selected by.
this company; and therefore their preemption
rights do not yet attach. _ ,
Mr. CLARlt, of Missouri. This amendment
cannot bp in 01 der.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late to make A'
point of order on the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The company
have not yet made their selections.
Mr. REAGAN. They have gone as far hi*
they can go by locating their stations across the
line.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not think that it would be
any hardship for them to give up the land upon
the southern route.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The General
Land Office has prescribed regulations in refer-
ence to contractors granted lands anywhere in the
United Slates, and this company has thus far se-
lected no lands. They could make selections only
in Arkansas, Missouri, and California: for there
have been no surveys of the intermediate terri-
tory.
Mr. ATKINS. Allow me to ask the gentle-
man a question. Does the gentleman desire that
the route from Memphis to Port Smith shall be
abrogated ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not.
Mr. ATKINS. Why, then, did, he. vote the
other day for the amendment offered by his col-
league [Mr. Blair ?]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am ready to
answer the gentleman's question. These con-
tractors bid to carry the mail starting from Mem-
phis and St. Louis, and I desired to see the con-
tract awarded to them to start from those two
places, intersecting west of Arkansas, and then
keeping upon the thirty-fifth parallel. That wag
! the route I advocated; and that is the route I still
advocate. So far as Memphis is concerned, you
have to look elsewhere for an enemy to that city.
Let me tell the gentleman from Tennessee, that I
think the people m the valley of the Mississippi
river would get along better if they would attempt
to harmonize the interests of both St. Louis and
Memphis, instead of making them antagonistic.
Mr. BLAIR. I only want the contractors to
have a choice of the route across the continent.
That 13 the provision of law.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. And let venal contractors
select the route.
Mr. ATKINS. They cannot be more vena!
than the Cabinet; for the Cabinet has violated the
law.
Mr. REAGAN demanded tellers on Mr. At-
kins's amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hawkins
and BtrFPiNTOW were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 76.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jecied.
Mr. COBB. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment:
Provided farther, That tile act approved 3d Match, 1 Sa.j,x
granting preemption tights to mail contractors, is tieiebv re-
