196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
Mr. NICHOLS. Let me say a word.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Searing] to say, in answer
to my question, that it does not give to the Com-
mittee of Accounts the power I have indicated. I
therefore withdraw my objection.
Mr. NICHOLS. I wish to say this: Prom
practical experience and very accurate knowledge
of the difficulties of a position on the Committee
of Accounts, I know that, because of conflict be-
tween resolutions of this House of the last ses-
sion and the law as it stands, it is almost impos-
sible for that committee in any manner or form
to pay an employe of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I object.
Mr. STANTON. That resolution ought to be
considered, and I object to it.
WILLIAM HAZARD WIGG.
Mr. MOORE. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken up and put on its passage Senate res-
olution (No. 52) for the relief of William Hazard
Wigg. It was referred to the Committee of
Claims, and reported back unanimously with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Docs the
resolution under which we are acting embrace
bills reported from committees ?
The SPEAKER. It would be more regular
and less likely to lead to confusion if the cail for
bills and resolutions were completed, and the
House was then to proceed with the call of com-
mittees for reports.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only
wanted to understand the matter, as I have my-
self several reports to present.
Mr. MOORE. I withdraw my request for the
present.
GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. COBB introduced a bill to amend an act
approved August 4, 1854, entitled "An act to
graduate and reduce the price of the public lands
to actual settlers and cultivators;55 which was read
a first and second time,and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. COBB. I send up a resolution which I
have been instructed by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands to offer.
Mr. STANTON. Does the resolution under
which we are acting authorize committees to re-
port when the States are called ? I do not under-
stand to what State committees belong, or how
committees can report on a call of* the States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggested to the
House a moment ago, that under the resolution
which has been adopted, pet haps it might be m
ordei; but it would save great inconvenience and
in egulanty if the call of the States and Territories
for bills and resolutions was liist completed, and
then the committees can be called for reports, such
as are contemplated by the resolutions.
Mr. HOUSTON, i had in view, when I pro-
posed the modification of the resolution, that,
whenever any gentleman's State was called, he
might make such reports as he had been instructed
by ins committee to make.
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House, the Chair will execute the order in the
way the Chair has indicated.
[Cries of "Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
ACQUISITION OF CUBA. 9
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi, asked leave to
oiler the following resolution:
Resolved, Timt the Committee on Foreign Allans bo in-
F!iueted t«> rcpoi t a (nil aui'ioiizm^ and lequit mg the I'ipni-
dopt ot the United States to take and leuun the possesion
<>( the X^Iartd or' Cuba, utiles, witiim tue next hv months,
the sum of £1*^,0Jj .) 1, aekrum ledyed, m the yeai 18.J-1, by
tin; Government to be due to <. itizens ui the United
States for duties unjustly own-led from American vessels at
dilletent cu&fom-hou'o ^ m Cuba, be paid, and satisfaction
Le {riven to tiie President n i m-atit^ hetaouue otfoied to
out awl mjimes inflicted on the persons and ptoperty
oi oui citizens.
Mr. RITCHIE objected.
DECLARATORY ACT.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, introduced a bill
declaratory of the meaning of a clause in the
second section of on act approved June 2, 1853;
which was read a fnlst and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
DEEPENING OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, also introduced
a bill to authorize the State of Louisiana to im-
pose duties on the tonnage of certain ships or
vessels, to be appropriated to the deepening of the
channels in the mouths-of the Mississippi river
and of the channel into and through Atchafalaya
bay, for the convenience arid advantage of the
commerce and navigation of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
DEBASEMENT OF SILVER COIIJS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instiueted to mqunc into the expediency of lepealing the
first, second, thud, fourth, and fifth sections ot an aet ap-
proved Febiiwry 21,1853, winch provide for debasing the
silver coins of the United States of tlie denominations of
half a dollar, quarter of a dollar, dime, and half dime, and
make the com so debased a legal tender for sums not ex-
ceeding five dollars.
GRAND CI-IENIERE ISLAND.
Mr. SANDIDGE introduced a bill recognizing
the survey of the Grand Cheniere Island, State
of Louisiana, as approved by the surveyor gen-
eral; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. SANDIDGE also introduced a bill author-
izing the President to obtain a loan for a certain t
purpose; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
TREATY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. SANDIDGE also introduced ajointroso-
lution for the abrogation of the eighth article of
the treaty of Washington, concluded on the 9th
of August,1842; which was readafirstand second I
time, and referred to the Committee on Foreign j
Affairs.
BEACON LIGHT.
Mr. SANDIDGE also introduced a bill appro-
priating a sum of money for the establishment of
a beacon li^ht at the mouth of the Calcasieu
river, Louisiana; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referied to the Committee on Com-
merce*.
ATCHAFALAYA BAY.
Mr, SANDIDGE also introduced n bill appro-
priating a sum of money to deepen the outlet from
Atchafalaya bay into the Gulf of Mexico, State
of Louisiana; which was readafirstand second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
SERVICE IN THE NAVY.
Mr. DAVIDSON submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
lirmlrcd, That tho Socman' ofthe Navy beiiTStiucteri to
inloim Un^ Ilou?e flow many persons of the Navy there be
\\ ho aie not actively einploj ed ; how long each one of paid
pc-r-ou^ ha-; boon out of active soivice, or ha-« not been at
sea : and the amount of the salary of each of mi id poisons,
and the ica^oa of his not being actively engaged in sea duty.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill to repeal the
act entitled " An act for the admission of the State
of Kansas into the Union," approved May 4,
1858; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Territories. , i
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS. |
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill to amend an i
act entitled " An act regulating the compensation
of members of Congress," approved August 1G,
;| 1856; which was read a first and second time.
| Several Members called for the reading of the
'i bill.
I The bill was road. It provides that, after the
I present Congress, members of Congress shall re-
|! ceive no mileage; and that, in lieu thereof, they
: ■ shall receive an amount siwlii ient to defray their
ij actual expenses in traveling from their places of ,
' j nsidence to thij city, by the shortest route of
n travel. ;
u Mr. HOUSTON. Would it he in order at this
'.] time to move tb amend that bill by striking out :
j I all after the recital of the act, to which it refers, ,
:j and inserting a clause simply ropea'.mg the act?
ii The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. NICHOLS. I object to the introduction
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no right
to object.
Mr. BAUKSDALE. I concur fully in the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston-.]
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mile-
age.
ELECTION OF TERRITORIAL OFFICERS.
Mr. LEITER. I wish to ask whether it is in
order to introduce a bill of which I gave notice at
the last session of Congress?
The SPEAKER. Itis,undera former decision
of the Chair.
Mr. LEITER then introduced a bill authoriz-
ing the people of the Territories to elect their
territorial officers; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
ROGUE RIVER INDIAN MONEYS.
Mr. LEITER offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Sucretaiy of the Interior be requested
to furm&h this House with a statcment&howmgtheamount
yet due to claimants, and not provided tor under the third
article ot the treaty made with the Rogue Hivcr Indians, Or-
egon Temtory, on the 10th day of September, 1853, as as-
certained by commissioners duly appointed lor that purpose.
PAY OF MEXICAN VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. HARLAN introduced a joint resolution
for the pay of volunteers in the Mexican war;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PORTS OF ENTRY, ETC.
Mr. HARLAN asked the consent of the House
to introduce the following resolution:
YVhorca*, the Soeretai y of the Tieasury, in bis annual re-
]>oit on the state of the finances, submitted toCongtess at
Us ld«.t f-os>ion, in accounting tor the laige and annually
increasing expenses of collecting the cus-toms,states that
Congees, '"without careful repaid to the burdens they may
peimatientlv impose," have ordered u the building of new
levenuc cutters not needed tbi the enfoicement ot the lev-
enuc laws," and by " the multiplication et ports of entry and
ports of dehveiy lor local and temporaly convenience at
points not lequued for the collection of the revenue," &c.,
&c.; ami wbeieas this House, at its last session, and on the
4th day of January last, passed the following resolution:
" Resolved/Vhn.t the Seerotaiy ofthe Treasury be requested
to funnel this House with a statement of the number of pons
ofentjy and potts of delivery now established by law, winch,
in his opinion, are not reqimed for the collection of the lev-
cmie,and the points and places whete the same are located,
ami the cost and value of the building belonging to each,
ami the entire annunl co-t and expense of maintaining each
of them, and also what number of revenue cutters are now
equipped and maintained by the Government, which aienot
needed for the enfoiecment of the 10venue laws, and at what
points they aie located oi employed, and the annual cost
and expense of maintaining each of them;"
And whereas no reply lni& been given to said resolution :
Therefore, '
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he now re-
quested to answer said resolution at his earliest conve-
nience.
Mr. WIIITELEY objected.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS*
Mr. COX introduced a bill to repeal certain acts
of limitation in reference to revolutionary claims;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
HOUSE EMPLOYES.
Mr. NICHOLS. I now ask leave to introduce
a resolution which was objected to a little while
ago. i hope there will be no objection.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts be author-
ized to fi\ tlu; nun>b"r or cl<-iks_, me^seni*e««s, laborers, or
othei cmploj Os in the oJlieesof the C!e: k, Postmaster, Dooi-
keepei, and Seureant-at-Aims, of this House: Provided,
That ill the u-oi ci nidation of these respective olfices no m-
cicase of inic be made loqmnng other appiopriations than
aie now, or ma\ hejeafter be, made by law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
EMPANNELXNG OF JURIES.
Mr. BLISS introduced a bill to provide for
ompanneling juries 111 the United States district
and circuit court? for the State of Ohio; which
was read a first and second tune.
Mr. BLISS said: Tins bill relates to a matter
of much interest to the State of Ohio; and for the
pin pose of bringing it early to the notice of the
House, I ask that it may be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it will be
soon enough to print it when the committee make
their repott. I object.
