1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
Mr. BLISS. Then I move that it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
CESSION OF LANDS FOR SCHOOL PURPOSES.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to introduce a bill,
with some papers accompanying- it, and I hope
the House will consent to the printing of them.
The hill was read a first and sccond time, as
follows:
A hiII ceding vacant lands in the Virginia mil-
itary district, m the Slate of Ohio, for school
pu rposes.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the bill and
papers be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion to print.
Mr. STANTON. Then I move their reference
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I now ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill and accompanying papers be
printed.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
REORGANIZATION OF JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
Mr. STANTON introduced abill to reorganize
the judicial circuits of the United States; which
was read a first and sccond time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
CLERKS OF UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced the following res-
olutions; which were severally read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether any chango fljould be made in
the compensation now allowed to clerks of ihe circuit and
district courts of the United States, and whether the laws
n'guiatins the same should be modified; with leave to re-
port by bill or otherwise.
Resolved, Thnt the same committee be instructed to in-
quire into the expediency and propnety of Airmailing to the
cleiks of the circuit courts of the United States a copy of
the lleports of the Supreme Court of the United States;
with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
ELECTION OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER introduced the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
ResolveJ, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to i!<qui:c into tiie expediency of regulating the
time of electing Senatois and Representatives in the Con-
of the United Star.'-, ami of lixlna the election of ftcp-
ro'ntative-: on the Mimo day m the seveiiil State'of the
Union; and that said committee have leave to repoit by biJi
01 otheiwise,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbttry Dickixs, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed an act provid-
ing for holding the courts of the United States in
the State of Alabama; in which lie was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
INSPECTION DISTRICT AT MEMPHIS.
Mr. AVERY introduced a bill providing for
the establishment of an inspection district at the
city of Memphis, in the State of Tennessee;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Commerce.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT MEMPHIS.
Mr. AVERY also introduced a bill to increase
the appropriation for public buildings at Mem-
phis, Tennessee; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Iloads.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. AVERY also introduced a bill providing
for the crcction of a court-house, post office and
pension office at the city of Jackson, Tennessee;
which was reed a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee 011 the Post Olnce and
Post Roads.
IMPORTATION OF SLAVES.
Mr. ICILGOllE offered the following resolu-
tion:
Jlnoh-etl, T11 at the Picsideat of the United Stat be re-
<p.icvreii to repo,t to tin ' Hon.-'1 v. hat uiforniatioa has been
I'oooiveii by linn in ice'iid totlir went importation of slaves
liom Al'nca rito Ceoii.vu and .vliat ;-t,:ps.il any. have bee)
1 iki'ii to puiu~h 1 In^ violation of the laws ol the United
1~" ' 111 o .
Mr. GAIINETT objected.
MTDSHIPMEN IN THE NAVY.
Mr. HUGHES introduced a bill to provide for
the appointment of midshipmen in the !Navy
where vacancies remain under the provisions of
the law now in force; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
ADJOURNMENT ON DEATH OP MEMBERS.
Mr. HUGHES offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That this House will not adjourn, upon the
announcement of the death of any member, unless such
death took place during the &casjon, and 111 the city of Wa.sli -
ington.
Mr. McQJJEEN". I object to the resolution,
unless it is modified so as to apply only to cases
of deaths which may hereafter occur. If that is
done, I will not object to it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object to the
resolution. It would not preclude a motion to
adjourn, becSuse a motion to adjourn is at any
time in order.
Mr. HUGHES. It is a mere expression of
the opinion of the House upon the subject.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am opposed
to the resolution.
Mr. RITCHIE. The resolution is tantamount
to nothing, because the House can adjourn when-
ever it chooses.
ILLINOIS LAND FUND.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, introduced a liill
authorizing the payment of the two per centum
land fund, to which the State of Illinois is enti-
tled for road purposes, to said State; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, also introduced a bill
to amend the naturalization laws; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
SUGAR AND SALT DUTY FREE.
Mr. MOR.RIS, of Illinois, also introduced a
bill providing for the admission of sugar and salt
into all the ports of the United States, free of duty,
from and after June 30, 1859; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
ELECTION OF TERRITORIAL OFFICERS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, also introduced a bill
granting to the people of the several organized
Territoiies of the United States the right to pro-
vide, through their lespectiv.e Legislatures, for
the appointment or election of their Governors,
judges, and all their territorial officers, in such
mode or manner as sucli Legislature may by law
deteimine; which was read a first and second lime.
Mr. MORRIS. 1 ask that that bill be referred
to a special committee of three.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to that.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is it in order to
move to refer the bill to a special committee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
not, under the resolution of the House.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
APPOINTMENTS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. MORRIS asked leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
ResolceJ, That the heads of tlio Executive Departments
be, .tad the y aie hereby, icr=pec!ively requested to commu-
nicate to this ri n<u th(i loll owing information, as far as they
maybe 111 possession of the same in tlrni lespective Depart-
ments :
1. The name? of all persons removed fiom office m th^
Siate of Illinois muco the commencement of the fn<t .ses-
sion of the present (Jongie&oj and the salaries paid respect-
ively 10 each.
2. The names of the persons appointed to office in <-;ud
State of Illinois since the meeting of the present Con-
gu-=s.
3. A copy of all petitions, lottos. iv.non=tranep-^ and
other papers, upon which sa'd removal* and appointments
wore made, now on file, or w Inch may have been on file,
in then u^pcctive Drpaitments.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to strike out all after
the words " heads of Departments,"and to insert
. "be taken off." [Laughter.]
j Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I objoct to the
1 resolution.
i Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I presume it is not
j now in nHer for me to submit any remarks on
i the rcsohu.on.
: Mr, WATivI^sS. I object to debate.
EMPLOYES OP THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, asked leave to submit
the following resolution:
Resolred, That House bill No. 127 providing for the ap-
portionment of the clerks and messengers of the several
Departments of the Government, in the city of Washington,
among the several States and Territories and District of
Columbia, be made the special order for the third Thursday
in January next, and that all debate in Committee of the
Whole shall he closed thereon within two hours after the
same sbali be taken up in committee.
Mr. HOUSTON objected.
GEORGE PHELPS.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I ask leave to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the petition and papers in the case of
George Phelps he withdrawn from the Committee of Claims
and be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I do not rise
for the purpose of objecting to this resolution,
hut I feel it to be my duty to say to the House
that this is a Senate bill, which was referred to
the Committee of Claims, and that that commit-
tee is now ready to report. I have no objection
to the resolution, if the House think proper to
pass it after this statement.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object to it.
DUTY ON PIG LEAD.
Mr. WAST-IRURNE, of Illinois, asked leave
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That m any hill which shall he introduced by
the Committee of Ways and Means, for a change of the
present revenue laws, there should he imposed a specific
duty of thice cents per pound on pig lead.
Mr. KEITT. I object.
KANSAS POST ROAD.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced a
bill to authorize the laying out and constructing
a post road from Leavenworth City, in Kansas
Territory to the head waters of the South Fork
of the Platte river, near Pike's Peak, in the said
Territory of Kansas; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Is it in order
under the order of the House to introduce reports
from committees?
The SPEAKER. The Chair lias not been re-
ceiving reports. The committees will be called so
soon as the call of the States has been completed
for bills and resolutions.
ASA B. -WEBB.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, introduced a
bill for the relief of Asa B. Webb; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT CAIRO.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, introduced a bill
for the construction of a marine hospital at Cairo,
Illinois; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
CORRESPONDENCE ON FILIBUSTERS.
Mr. STALLWORTII. I was not in the House
when my name was called. I have a resolution
which I'desire to offer, and I ask the indulgence
of the House to permit me to do it.
No objection being made; the resolution was
read, considered, and agreed to; as follows:
Resolved, That tlio President of the United Stltte.s be re-
quested to communicate to Tins House all the correspond-
ence which I.-- lately taken place between the .Secretaiyuf
the Tieiuuiv and the collector of the port of Mobile, in ref-
pience to the cleaunce ot vessels. and all correspondence
between taid collector and the parties seeking clearance.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS TO WAGE WAR.
Mr. KEITT. I was not in my seat when my
State was called, and T ask the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution;
Reiolrril, That the Committee on the Judiciary lie di-
rected to inquire into the expediency ot repea!in<i; all laws
ot tile L_nitea Mates which make it eiimmai lor citizens ol
the United States to take part in foreign wars, .f they, of
tlleu own accord, and at their own peril, choose so to uo.
Mr. BLISS objected.
ELECTION OF TERRITORIAL OFFICERS, ETC.
Mi\ KELLOGG asked the consent of the
House to submit the following resolutions:
llewheJ, That the Committee on Teriitones be instructed
to report to this [louse a bi'l that shall embrace all the or-
iiam/.ed Teiniot ie^ ot' the United States, providing lor th i
election by the people ot ail terntonal oliicers nee- appointed
