1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment, the country will be rid of an evil which
costs us a large amount of money, and for which
we have received no equivalent.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. In reply to
ray colleague, [Mr. Burnett,] I will say that I
am very averse to seeing any war made, directly
or indirectly, upon the southern Pacific railroad
route; for 1 believe that road can and will be made,
and it is demonstrable thai it is the route a rail-
road should take, not merely to promote the in-
terest of the South, but/or the interest of the com-
mercial North. No other route will afford-half the
advantages to the manufacturing interests of the
Worth and East that the southern route will pre-
sent. The object of the member from St. Louis,
in striking at the postal contract of<®utterfie!d,
is patent. Every one here, and every intelligent
man in the country, will understand that his
amend ment is offered under the apprehension that
a pioneer postal route will determine the line of
settlement for emigrating populations.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to correct the gentleman
from Kentucky; he misrepresents my motive.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have no
disposition to do the gentleman from Missouri
any injustice.
Mr. BLAIR. My amendment proceeds upon
■what I have said, that the location was made in
violation of law.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I know
■what the gentleman said, and it is not for me to
assign motive to the conduct of the gentleman;
nor is it at all essential to my purpose to refer to
his motives. I speak of the effect of his action;
and the first effect is, war upon the southern Pa-
cific railroad. That is the effect of his amend-
ment, even if such was not his intent. I was
saying, when interrupted, that the establishment
of this post route, with liberty to the contractor
to preempt a large body of land at every stage of
twelve miles, and, of course, to erect upon such
lands shops, stables, houses, &c., and to estab-
lish there the residences of his employes, would
offer, of itself, such securities to the emigrant,
such assurances of shelter and assistance along
the whole line of travel, as to induce him to make
this post route the line of his emigration to the
far West. Such determination of the emigrant
will, at once, point out the route as the line of pio-
neer settlements, affording nuclei of future popu-
lations. The amendment of the gentleman pro-
poses to disturb this law, by breaking in upon
the route as at present established by the con-
tract between the Post Office Department and Mr.
Butterfield and his associates.
I do not wish this to take place, because I am
convinced the southern line is the best line for aPa-
cific railway. First. It is the shortest line to the
Pacific from all points on the Mississippi river,
and from all points east of that river. The phys-
ical geography of tjie continent is peculiar. Stick
a pin (in the map or globe) in the city of New
York, and stretch a string to Guaymas, on the
Gulf of California, and with this radius describe a
circle, and you will at once see that Guaymas is
nearer to New York, by hundreds of miles, than
San Francisco, or any point in upper California.
Stretch the line from New York to the head of
the Gulf of California, and it is shorter by far
than to any point of the Pacific coast in a higher
latitude. Transfer the center to Chicago; and
you will see that the line to the Gulf of California
is the shortest line to the Pacific from the noithern
lakes. Go further west—even to St. Joseph, in
Missouri, and try from that point. It is nearer
to the Gulf of California than to any point of the
Pacific occan, even on the line of latitude on which
St. Joseph is situated. This feature in the geog-
raphy of the country is significant of the proper
line of a Pacific railroad, if the intervening space
presents no insuperable barrier to the construc-
tion of the road; for the eye will discover at a
glance that by this route whole ranges of mount-
ains are avoided which block the way of more
northern routes, while the mild climate of the
country offers a release from all the disadvantages
of snow and ice. Reconnoissances have demon-
strated the entire practicability of the southern
route; and, indeed, the company has already con-
structed some twenty-six miles of the load from
Lake Caddo towards El Paso, and contemplates
finishing some fifty or sixty miles more in this
year. That company is not asking Congress for
material aid; and 1 hope it will find in the future
no occasion to call upon Hercules to help it out
of the mud. I believe it will succeed, and I hope
it will.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is not only the shortest
route, it is the best commercial route, because it
traverses the most degrees of latitude, and affords
a connection between sections having the greatest
variety of climate and production. Suppose you
run a road from Chicago to the Pacific, on the
line of latitude of Chicago: the whole country on
the route produces the same articles for market.
There can be no barter between different places
along the line, in what each may hold of surplus
production. Change the direction, and penetrate
the tropics with the line, and each section will
find a market for its whole surplus production in
the other neighborhoods along the line. It is,
then, the part of true statesmanship to favor such
a line, instead of making war upon it, or discrim-
inating against it, so as to strip it of advantages
already secured, and which we know it is pro-
posed to dispense hereafter in favor of some other
contemplated location. Our whole network of
railways, sir, may be considered complete from
the main points on the Atlantic to the great river
of the West. Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, Alexandria, Charleston, Savannah, are
all in established connection with the eastern term-
inus of the great southern Pacific trunk road,
or, with very limited expense, they soon will be.
If that is the shortest, best, and most commercial
route, the Government should lend it all proper
facilities, instead of attempting to throw obstacles
in its way. Our cities would act wisely shiuld
they unite to press it forward, instead of frittering
awa'y their respective energies and time in useless
controversy, founded on jealousy of each other.
One word more to New York, Boston, and manu-
facturing New England, about this southern Pacific
railway. Running to El Paso, and thence by some
line westward to th e sea, it lay> along the whole north-
ern rim of Mexico, and offers to them a new point
of trade with Mexico. England, France, and Bel-
gium, cannot enter into competition with them at
that point. The rapidity of communication and
safety of transit considered, the line of rail to El
Paso offers the safest, quickest, and healthiest way to the
Mexican market, and reaches it at a point where you
will have no competitors from abroad. Why shall
England trade to Mexico twelve to fifteen million
dollars annually, and you only three to four mil-
lion? It flows from the frequency and certainty
of her steam communication with the Mexican
ports. But, transfer the readiest line of transport-
ation for merchandise to El Paso, and the New
England manufacturer will very soon monopolize
the trade. At El Paso we shall see a large in-
terior city rise. I say El Paso; I mean the point
at which the southern Pacific mail crosses the
valley of the Rio Grande; and from that point
commerce will be more advantageously conducted
with all of Mexico, north and west of the city of
Mexico, than it has ever been, or ever will be,
from Vera Cruz or Tampico. I say to New York
and Philadelphia and Pittsburg, you are the
parties chiefly interested in the consummation of
this line of trade, though you may be here to-day
against it. Tiie center and the Atlantic South
have not half the real interest you have in the
rapid development of the Southwest, even to the
Gulf of California.
Animated by these views, I am opposed to any
legislation which has a tendency to disturb that
line of improvement, which puts another great
balancing wheel into our political machinery, and
writes another sound indorsement upon the con-
tinuance of the Union, and the solidity of the
American future. But there is still another reason
why I am opposed totheamendmentofthe mem-
ber from St. Louis. It makes the Butterfield con-
tract a law of this land, and deprives the Post-
master General of ability to dispense with it 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURNETT, by the unanimous consent of
the House, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to strike out the last
words of the bill; and my object is to make a re-
ply to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall.] I have not been disposed to meddle with
this debate between the gentlemen of the South;
but, in justice to the North, and in justice to the
State which 1, in part, represent, 1 teelitmy duty
to present to the committee some facts which are
pertinent in reply to the argument urged for this
route as a measure due' to southern, interests.
While we have some five or six mail routes to
California, three of them within the United States,
and .three in the Central American States, we
have not one overland route north-of Mason and"
Dixon's line; or rather, none north of what we
call the southern States. Gentlemen advocate the
southern route, because it runs upon the " rim"
of Mexico. It may, indeed, be denominated a
Mexican line. Since the question of location of
routes has been raised, I wish to present to the
country and the committee the important fact
that great through mail lines start from southern,
or pass through Central American States, and not
one of them from a northern State of the Union.
The following is a list of overland routes, with
their annual cost:
From St. Louis and Memphis, via Gila, to San Francisco,
costs  $600,000 per annum.
From Sail Antonio, Texas, to San
Diego, costs  196,000 "
From Kansas City, Missouri, to
Stockton, California, costs  80,000 «
From St. Joseph, Missouri, via Salt
Lake, costs  353,000 "
Total cost of southern overland \
routes $1,929, BSp "
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman whether
the South Pass is in a southern State ?
Mr. CURTIS. The route that runs through the
South Pass, starts from St. Joseph, a southern
State, and thence bears north to the South Pass,
which is in latitude 420 north.
We, of Iowa, have a " switch" line, by which
we connect with the South Pass mail; but the
prestige and advantage of the main line is given
to Missouri. Our branch unites at Fort Kearny,
when passengers may, or may not, find room to
take passage in the coaches which pass on the
main line. By this branch connection, we do
hope to unite with St. Joseph in demonstrating
the feasibility of carrying our mail through our
own country, instead of sending it, as we now
do, mainly through foreign States.
I regard this overland mail service as a com-
petition with the ocean steam routes through
the Central American States. Although there is
injustice m establishing an extreme southern
route, still it is better to submit to the injustice
of overland southern routes through the southern
States of this Union, than to the still greater na-
tional error of selecting overland mail routes
through Central American States. Of these, we
have mail service on the lines of Tehuantepee,
Nicaragua, and Panama. You perceive, there-
fore, we have three routes starting from south-
ern States, and three running through foreign
southern States, but none winch we can call
a northern route. The honorable gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] says that it
is better that our lines of commerce should run
north and south, to sccure an interchange of
different products. This argument appears spe-
cious, but it is not consistent with the currents of
trade. Experience proves precisely the reverse
of that proposition. Commerce has always
flowed in channels that run east and west.
Hence, our railroad lines that cross degrees of
longitude are profitable, and are generally paying
lines; while those which, as the gentleman says,
cross parallels of latitude, are poorly supported.
I ask the gentleman what northern and southern
railroad is profitable? I admit that it is very con-
venient and necessary to have northern and
southern lines; but the great lines of commerce
have always run east and west; and no artificial
means should be adopted for the purpose of forc-
ing travel, trade, and commerce,outofthose nat-
ural channels which the geographical or physical
features of the world have established.
This line known as the Butterfield contract,
which is now before us, starts from St. Louis,
which is about the thirty-eighth parallel, and
goes southwest to the very southern limits of our
Republic, and thence following near the thirty-
second parallel to the vicinity of the Pacific
ocean, thence again, proceeds north, and arrives
at San Francisco about thirty-eight and a half de-
grees north latitude. This great southing makes
the distance traveled upwards of twenty-seven
hundred miles, as shown by tables of distances
published for that route.
At the time that contract was made, we had
daily mails extended through Iowa to the city of
