1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I must ohjcct to
the motion made by the gentleman from Ohio, to
refer annual appropriation bills, after being ma-
tured by a committee of this House, to be reex-
amined by another committee. It is, of course,
unprecedented action, and one which I do not feel
willing shall, at this time, be adopted by this
House, unless it is the disposition of the House
to censure the Committee of Ways and Means in
the performance of their duties. If there were
any rule providing for this course, I would have
no objection.
But I have another objection. The unanimous
consent of the House was given me to report this
bill from the Committee of Ways and Means, in
order that it might be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
printed. That motion has been made, and there-
fore the motion of the gentleman from Ohio can-
not be entertained.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The motion I sub-
mitted was the unanimous sense of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, it is clearly m order, under
the 120tli rule, which provides:
" Aftei commitment and leport thereof to the House, or
at nt:v time before iH passage, a bill may be recommitted."
This bill has been reported to the Ilonse, and
it may be lecommitted to any committee of the
House which has charge of the subject-matter:
and it seems to me that these appropriation bills jj
ought, at some stage in their piogress, to be re- jj
ferrcd to tho committee having charge of the par-
ticular departments of business to which they !f
relate. I think, therefore, that the naval appro- ij
pnation bill should always be referred to the Com- j,
mittee on Naval Affairs; the military bill to the ij
Committee on Military Affairs; and that all these jj
bills ought to have their appropriate inference. tj
Under the present practice, we all know that the ,1
entire business of tins House is substantially ab- Ij
porbed by the Committee of Ways and Means. !i
I do not wish to cast any impurafion upon the
chairman of the Committee-of Ways and Means,
or upon the committee itself. I have great re-
spect for them.
Mr. HUGHES. I object to any further de-
bate.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. If I araintenupted
by a question of order, I await its decision.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I think I have a
right to debate the question of reference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, under
the order of the House made this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Then 1 submit the
motion without further debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I cannot see any
possible good that can result from the gentleman's
motion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I submit the mo-
tion that the bill be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I submit the mo-
tion that it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs; and upon that motion T call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I hope there will be no
interruption to the call of States, as there are
others who desire to introduce bills and resolu-
tions.
Mr. CURTIS. Would it be in order to object
to the reception of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The bill has been reported
by unanimous consent, and has been read twice.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The motion to
refer to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union tnkes precedence, I believe.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr SHERMAN, of Ohio. Upon that motion
I call for the y^as and nays.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I see it is the ;j
evident intention to prevent the reporting of tnat j
bill within the fust thirty days of the session, as ;j
the rule requires. i1
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. My motion will ^
not cieate a moment's delay. The bill can be re- ii
ferred, printed, and reported back without delay. ;
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, _ To prevent an ;
interruption of the call of committees,J will have
the next lull reported and acted upon first, if the i
Chair will permit it.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been read a ■
firn and stcond time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We might as well
settle this question now as at any other time.
Mr. HOUSTON. The objection to settling it
now is, that debate is not m order. Whil£ I dif-
fer from the gentleman from Ohio as to the pro-
priety of his motion, still I would prefer to hear
him upon the subject.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to.
The question being upon the call for the yeas
and nays,
Mr. NICHOLS called for tellers.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will suggest, ift
order to accommodate those who desire to intro-
duce bills and resolutions, that the States be called
through, and also the committees for reports; and
then, by unanimous consent, we can take up and
dispose of this question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to thpt.
The bill is before the House, and we may as well
settle the matter now as at any other time.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I only made the
suggestion to enable the House to dispose of bills
which gentlemen wished to report.
Messis. McQueen and Nichols were appointed
tellers.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 45. noes 64.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that the
Constitution says that one fifth of the members
: oresent may order the yeas and nays.
i ' The SPEAKER. The Chair is well aware of
; the fact; but he supposed the House need not un-
necessarily consume half an hour's time in taking
the yeas and nays upon a vote which would be
unavailing if no quorum is present.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the Hoase do now
ad jou rn.
'Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Suppose, when
you call the roil, a quorum should vote: it would
be a valid vote, would it not?
The SPEAKER.. Certainly it would.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is there not
a motion pending to adjourn?
Mr. GREENWOOD. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Hrciics] to withdraw the
motion to adjourn, until all the Slates andTem-
tories have been called.
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move thst
there be a call of the House I object to proceed-
ing with anything until it is ascertained that a
quorum is present.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Before the question is put,
the Chair asks leave to lay before the House a
communication.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to any-
thing being done if there is not a quorum here.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 16,nays 117; as follows:
YKAS—Abbott. Jewetr, lypllojrs, Lecher, Love- ;
p>v, McQueen,Nk-IioN. I'onei, Nitcfuc, Sewani. Stephen^, j
VValbtnljre, Cadvvai.uk-r C. YVa-hiuiui, LlJjIm B, Wa.-ii- i
burin*. White, and Wlntelcv—H>. ;
XAVrf—'All'. Amlpnon. Atlon*, Avoir. IJilPncr '
liuisr, Bingham, Blsm, BUv, Bianeh, Bta\ ton. Hr van. Hut-
fin ton, l.urimgame, i3urn^. Caiuthei>, Ca^e. < "a-.Lie. Ca^ a-
naiurlu Chapman, Hzia Claik, iiomcc j\ Ci.uk, John ?>
Clask, dawson, ('oh!.. John Cocjnane. Ooliax, C<mnn-,
Corning. Cox. Ciasiii, Janvs IJuiKm Cia:<ri . Cuiiy.
Cmti*. Davw'oi fwiunin, Davn of fowa. JKmii, Dinnmcl;.
Dndd, Dowdeil. r.mifwoith, r'.iulimci. ronton, t Iohikv.
Fosin. Garnei!. Gaitiell.Cili.un, Gihnei, Gfon^t. «■«
wood, Cie^ir- C;i'vM>ock, Giow. Luwr.'neo W. ll.tl], jl< ?>-
ert B. )la 1*. lUilan, Hums IJ.nvkm*. Hoard. Uoii-uh.
lluiiie*. Huvier. Jen km-. (Jeotpe VV. Jnu.'-. Ov en J.iuv «,
iveiiii, Kein. Kiluo).'1. Knupp, Lead:, L< uor. S, ,nu<"!
Mai-h.il! Miii-rii. Mnnrnn. M-vnl', Kj\;/u<i .Tev
Moiiif*. I'ieriiiiUi Ii. Mor.-c, Nihlack. X'atker. Pem'lfton.
Pettit. P<. \ t.;n, John S. Ph'-'ij)--, \\ illiain \\ . l'he]p->, i ik-1.
Pou< 11, L'u.vmucc, Ilerwlv, Reagan, Robbm.-^, Robea-,
Rovce, ftuwll, Sav;'1?-', Fealo*. Fei tt, Scanner. John Sne>-
ioan, Singleton, Robeit Smith, Spinner, Stalhvortb. St ni-
ton, James A. Stewart, William St<n\au. George Tnvb.i,
Mi)^ Taylor, Tompkins, Vance. Wade. Waiion, Watu,
Israel Washburn, Wmslow, and Zoihcoflei—117.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
Junes, of Tennessee, that there be a call of the
Hous".
Mr. PHELPS, of Mi^ouri. 0,s-> v>oid o!>cx-
: plananon. I have a pn p..  :.on t > mcke which,
: I think. ^ ill L"~ ^ y M
Mr. SEWARD. I object to any debate unless
the other side can be heard.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not propose
to debate, but merely to make an explanation.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to make an explana-
tion upon the other side.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to sub-
mit a motion.
Mr. HUGHES. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs is now in the House,
and, perhaps, this matter can be accommodated.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
further consideration of the question in relation
to this bill be postponed until Thursday, the 6th
day of January next, at one o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit whether
that motion is in order? The bill was reported
under the resolution, which provides that bills
shall be received for reference only.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No; it was not
reported under that resolution, but by unanimous
consent. «
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. I believe thatforty-
odd members voted for ordering the yeas and
nays; but since that it has been ascertained that
there is a quorum present, and we can proceed
with the vote and settle the question of reference
now.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, that
there be a call of the House. The motion of tho
gentleman from Missouri cannot be received
while that is pending.
Mr. JOSSES, of Tennessee. I withdraw my
motion for a call of the House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then I submit
the motion to postpone the consideration of this
question.
Mr. HOUSTON. If there is no objection to
the motion of the gentleman from Missouri, I shall
make none. I was going- to suggest to the gentle-
in:in from Missouri, that he should withdraw the
bill, as he can introduce it again under the rules
of the Ilor.sc at any time, and the call of the
States for bt-ls and resolutions can now be con-
cluded.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I prefer to adhere
to my mo unn that the further consideration of this
subject be postponed until Thursday the 6th of
January.
Mr. SL-JER.M A Ns of Ohio. That is perfectly
satisfactory to ive.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for a divis-
ion of the House upon that question.
The motion to postpone was agreed to—ayes
105, noes 25.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now send up
tho oilier appropriation lull, which I wish to in-
troduce and ri'fer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the order
of the House shall be executed before anything-
more is done by unanimous consent.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Unanimous con-
sent was given to report these bills.
The SPEAKER./ Thr simtluman from Mis-
souii. wln-n ho arose, misled that he asked the
unanimous con^-nt ot the House to intioduce
three appropiiation bills, and sent them up at the
s:i me tune, si was an informal and irregular mode
of doinur business, but the Chair thinks the con-
sent ol the House was mven.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, then, from tho
Committee of Ways and Means, reported a bill
mi'ktnf appropri itions for sundry civil expenses
of Government for the year ending June 3U, JdfjO;
winch lead a fust and second time, icferral
to the Committee of tho Whole on the state of tin)
Union, and, with the accompanying papeis, or-
dered to be printed.
DISTRIIJLTIOA OP TIIB PUBLIC LAN DM.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, asked the consent
of the House to submit the follow.!!^ resolution:
Rc*ohc!. That the Committee on PuM.-j Jien<i- be m
stnn-ted to 'cpoit a 1 ill 10 tin-- ri«uw, y<antip^ allot too
public Lnvi* iho -ev-fal SraU-- in u hu-ii thev .ue Situate,
to be ,c>pjnop'iatod b_y tucli ;>uu<!s- toi i.it^inai impio\em"nt
tli' in.
Mr. PENDLETON olj-rt-d.
NEW MODS OF YaaTUTG,
Air. GREENWOOD iiv-oduced a hiH toenoblo
♦hr 3-;~icCa7 ,S<tU- to test a new mode ol wri'-
