THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i i ii i fn 'i i I mi -ir i in r ii ii
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, $ Cr
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1859.
New Series..8Iv
fact, very well; but the Journal does not dis-
close it..
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Journal does
not show it; but such Was the fact.
Mr. BLAIR. I will say to the gentleman from
Kentucky, that my colleague not only raised a
question of order upon this amendment, but he
invariably raises a question of order upon every-
thing that I propose in this House. *
Mr. BURNETT. I do not yield the floor fur-
ther. I yielded to the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phelps] merely to correct me.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to state
the facts as they occurred. When my colleague
from the St. Louis district, [Mr. Blair,] offered
his amendment, I rose to a question of order,
and the Chair overruled the question of order.
The same question of order was raised subse-
quently by the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Rea-
gan,] and the Chair again overruled the question
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to state,
in reference to the point made by the gentleman
from Missouri, that he has no recollection of his
raising a question of order at that time.
Mr. REAGAN. I think I can set that mat-
ter right. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] did rise to a question of order when his
colleague submitted his amendment, but the Chair
did not seem to hear him, and I therefore rose to
the same question myself; and being nearer the
Chair, I was heard, and the ruling of the Chair
was upon my question.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well; let that stand
as it is. Now let us look a little further. The
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] says he
did raise a question of order upon his colleague's
amendment, i give him the full benefit of the
fact that he did raise the question of order, and
that the Chair ruled the amendment to be in or-
der; it was in the power of the committee, by
rejecting the amendment, to show that it was not
a proper amendment to put in a Post Office ap-
propriation bill. How did the gentleman from
Missouri vote upon that amendment? He voted
for it; and he voted for it when he knew that its
adoption would be the defeat of the southern
route. I say, therefore, that he voted practically
to defeat the southern branch of that route; and
I do not think I did him injustice when I so stated.
Whether that was his intention or not, it was the
necessary consequence of his action. Mr. Chair-
man, if it is right that this overland mail service
shall be continued at all, it is right that it should
be continued in accordance with the contract
which has been made.
Now, in reference to another point: it has been
intimated, time and again, that this contract was
made in violation of law. I make an issue with
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] on
that point. I ask how it could be made in viola-
tion of law, when the parties to the contract mu-
tually agreed that the mail should be carried in
the manner in which it is now done? They as-
sented to the termini as they are now fixed;
they agreed to carry the mail from Memphis and
from St. Louis, upon the two branches, accord-
ing to the terms prescribed by the Department.
How can there be a violation of law, when both
parties agreed that they would comply with cer-
tain conditions under the law ? There is, I think,
no violation of law at all.
Let us go back a little further. Permit me to
say that I do not rise for the purpose of defending
the Postmaster General. I do not rise to speak in
terms of praise of the manner in which he has
discharged his duties, or of his character as an
honest man. They are known to the country,
and they need no defense. The only matter of
astonishment to me is, that the gentleman from
Tennessee noticed the charge at all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
' Mr. DAVIDSON. Mi. Chairman, I consider
that this debate has been paismng a strange
course. It would seem as if we were here only to
legislate for the benefit of maii contractors. Gen-
tlemen seem to have forgotten that there is such
81
a thing as the public interest. Mail routes which
were before created, to be paid out of the proceeds
of the service carried upon them, are now created
for the accommodation and benefit of the public
at large. It is contemplated, in the establish-
ment of all of our mail routes, that they shall'be
so arranged as to conduce to the greatest benefit
of the American people. There ought to be no
such argument as that the contractor has not ob-
tained as profitable routes as he would desire,
for when a contractor accepts a contract, he.does
so with all its profits and all of its losses. Now,
what did this contractor propose to do, when he
accepted the contract for carrying the mail from
two starting points ? That he has faithfully per-
formed the service from and to St. Louis, there
can be no sort of question, and there can be ne
sort of question that on every single occasion they
endeavored to violate that portion of the contract
requiring the mail to be taken to and from Mem-
phis. There has been a studied design to get rid
of that part of the contract. Has there been any
proper reason assigned for that design ? Is there
any reason assigned that that part of the contract
does not conduce to the public interest? None.
The gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] who
desires to relieve the whote country, to help the
whole country, wants the whole thing concen-
trated at St. Louis. That is no good reason. The
gentleman who represents the Memphis district,
might, with equal propriety, say that we should
lop off the St. Louis branch, for the reason that
he is for the whole country; that Memphis is the
whole country. It is all wrong. St Louis is as
much entitled as Memphis; Memphis is as much
entitled as St. Louis.
Mr. BLAIR. I said nothing about lopping off
either branch.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Thegentleman goes further.
He says that, when the Postmaster General made
this contract, including Memphis, he made it in
violation of law. But on this point the gentleman
from Kentucky so fully expressed my opinion,
that I can add nothing to what he has said. I
will, however, say that, until Postmaster General
Brown got into the Department, the southern and
southwestern part of the Union has not been
treated with decent consideration in reference to
mail facilities. He has struck off the shackles that
bound down our interests. He is the first man
who hasgiven to the southern people a fair distri-
bution of the maii facilities of the country. Until
he came into the Cabinet, the great city of New
Orleans, the first exporting city of the raw ma-
terial of our Republic—had no daily mail, except
the one starting from New York, which carried
the Boston, Philadelphia, and northern mail. Is
it right, then, that southern Representatives
should sit here supinely, while these attacks are
being made upon the Postmaster General, which
are without justice or reason ? He has done his
duty to all sections, and to all persons, as far as
his power has given him the right to do it; and
I, for one, speaking for my country, am thankful
to, and proud of him. He has conduced to the
interest of the largest number of the American
people. What more could he do than he has done?
and I deny that he has violated any law. Let me
say, too, before the hammer falls, that the Post-
master General has now the power to abolish this
route at any time, on giving proper notice; and I
earnestly advise him to abolish it at once, if the
people of St. Louis do not desire the benefits it
confers, and they certainly do not,^ if we are to
judge by the course of her Representative. But-
terfield, or any contractor, had, under the law, the
right to select the starting points; and we, the
people, had the right—the Postmaster General
acting for us—to have the localities of the route
designated. If the contractor did not like the lo-
calities of the route designated, he could have
rejected it; and I now repeat, 110 law has been
violated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURNETT. I ask to withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. OLIN. I object.
The question was taken; and tlie amendrrieM
was rejected. ... < ■
Mr. KEITT. To put art end to this crimina:-
tion and recrimination,- and' as no substantial
amendment has been made to the bill,'I move* to'
strike out the enacting clause, with a view of get-
ting the bill into the House:
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I usk the*
gentleman to Withdraw that motion until I move
an amendment.
Mr. KEITT. I withdraw it for that purpose'.
I will renew it when I again get an opportunity.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move an
amendment, to come in after the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair.]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
now in order.
The question recurred on Mr. Avery's amend-
ment as follows:
Provided, That the contract made and entered into be-
tween the Post Office Department, and Butterfield & Co.,
for carrying the overland in.nl from [lie ^Mississippi river to
the Pacific coast, be, and the same is' hereby, ratified and
confirmed. *
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MARSHAL^, of Kentucky. I offer the
following amendment to the second section:
Provided, Nothing herein contained shall be construed to
compel the Postmaster General to continue any contract for
the transportation ofthe mail over theroutes from the Mis-
sissippi nver 10 the Pacific, should he find that the public
interest demands the discontinuance Of the same.
I wish to call the attention of the committee to"
the fact that the effect of the amendment sug-
gested by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Blair,] is to divest the Postmaster General of all
discretion to control the Butterfield contract, and
make it a matter of law that that contract shall be
continued, to run between termini to be selected
by Butterfield & Co. I take it that if the amend-
ment stands alone, the Postmaster General will
be divested of all the discretion he has over the
subject, under the general law. My only object
is so to arrange it as to leave that discretion still
vesting in the Postmaster General.
Mr. BLAIR. I oppose the amendment, and I
do so on these grounds: If it should be adopted,
it would give the Postmaster General the power
to coerce these contractors to carry the' mail over
the present selected route; and would give him
the power to do over again exactly what he did
in making this contract—that is, to force them to
take a route detrimental to their interests and to
the public interests. I trust that the friends of
the amendment that has bten already adopted
will vote down the proposition of the gentleman
from Kentucky.
While I am on the floor, I desire to say a few
words in reply to some of the gentlemen who
have heretofore occupied the floor, and who have
attributed to me a desire to have a certain route
selected by these contractors. All of them inti-
mate that my object and desire was to have the
St. Louis or central route selected by these con-
tractors. Undoubtedly I desire that they may do
so; but, under the amendment that has been
adopted, they can select any route which they
will find to be the best and shortest, and that by
which they can carry the mails more speedily;
and, therefore, to the best interests of the whola
country. I have not asked that this route shall
be nailed down at St. Louis, or any other point.
I desire that the contractors may bfe at liberty, as
was the intention of the original law, to select
any route by which they can carry the mail most
speedily. .... ,
The gentleman from Kentucky denied what I
had asserted over and over again, and which the
law authorized me to assert, in regard to the
Postmaster General: that he had violated the law
in making this contract. It is said that these
contractors mutually agreed with the Postmaster
General to carry the mails over this route. They
had the right under the law to select any route
thev saw proper; but, after they had selected it,
the Postmaster General told them that they should
not have the contract, unless they agreed to the
one which he had selected; the law not author-
