1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
has been read forumendment, and the gentleman
from North Carolina {Mr. Branch] has moved to
amend by adding an independent clause. The
Chair decides that it is not in order at this time to
go back and amend the original text of the bill.
Mr. GROW. Prom that decision I take an
appeal.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman undei*-
stand the amendment of my colleague to be to the
first or to the second section ?
Mr. STANTON. To the second section.
Mr, MAYNARD. f was misled, and I pre-
sume the gentleman who spoke was.
Mr. STANTON. There is no amendment
which can be made by striking outand inserting1.
Now, sir, gentlemen have fceen waiting until it
was in order to move to strike out and insert.
Mr. KEITT. I object to discussion.
Mr. BRANCH. I can state from my own
knowledge, that the section was read yesterday.
I originally designed to offer my amendment as
an amendment to the first section.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Missouri
was upon the floor when that section was read. I
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair, if
he decides that this section is not open to amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides in pur-
suance of what he bejieves to be the parliament-
ary rule and parliamentary practice after the bill
has been read through first for information, and
then by clauses for amendment, fortified by his
own recollection, and the recollection of the clerks
at thedesk, that that proceeding has already taken
place: the Chair dccides that it is not now in or-
der to amend that part of the bill. From that
decision of the Chair the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania takes an appeal.
Mr. GROW. In that case, even,we have not
passed from the second section. I say that the
second section is open to amendment, even if it
has been read.
The CHAIRMAN. Additions to the section
are still in order. The Chair decides that it is
not now in order to amend that part of the bill
which has been passed.
Mr. STANTON. Let me make a suggestion.
Suppose a gentleman rises, and is recognized, and
moves an addition: then, sir, though I am upon
the floor at the same time, I will be cut off from
moving to strike out. That is the precise condi-
tion here. Several gentlemen have s|en seeking
the floor to strike out and insert. By accident, a
gentleman seeking to amend by addition has been
recognized first. It is now held that the section
has been passed, and that wc cannot move to
strike out and insert.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is mis-
taken. It was competent for gentlemen to amend
paragraph by paragraph, as the Clerk proceeded.
Mr. STANTON. I could not get the lloor.
Other gentlemen were recognized.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman was un-
fortunate in not having his attention directed to
the reading of the bill as it progressed. If there
be no objection, the Chair will entertain the gen-
tleman's amendment.
There was no objection.
Mr. BRANCH. My proposition is not to add
an additional section to the bill. After my amend-
ment is passed upon, the bill is still open to (
amendment by the amendment of an additional ;
section, or a motion to strike out and insert. M y
amendment is to perfect the second section before
it is passed upon.
Mr. STANTON; I move to strike out" fifty-
nine" in the following paragraph, and insert
"sixty" in lieu thereof:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further cnarted, That the yum of
§3;b38,728 be, and tlie same is hereby, appropiiated, to be
paid out of any money m the Treasury not otheuvise ap-
propriated, to supply deficiencies in the revenue of the Post
Office Department, for the year ending the 30th June, 18^9.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to call the attention of
the committee to the fact that this is a bill which i
proposes to supply the funds necessary to carry |
on the Post Office Department for the next fiscal j
year. This section appropriates nearly four mil- ;
lion dollars to supply deficiencies in the revenue j
for the service of the current year. I hold that it j
is a matter of the first importance that Congress I
should keep appropriations for each fiscal'year j
separate and distinct, in separate and distinct bills.
How stands the question ? You appropriate the I
revenues arising from postages, amounting to
some two million dollars, for the support of the
service for the fiscal yearendingJune30, I860,and
you appropriate nothing more for that fiscal year;
yet it is unquestionable, that without a change in
the law regulating the rate of postage, you will
come in with a deficiency equal to what is con-
tained in this bill for the current fiscal year.
My proposition is, that this appropriation of
$4,000,000, instead of being for the current year,
and instead of supplying a deficiency, shall be
appropriated for the deficiency which will necessa-
rily arise on June 30,1850,and require the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means todo what they ought
to have done in the first instance—report a sepa-
rate deficiency bill containing these $4,000,:000,
with the hundreds of thousands scattered.over
other appropriation bills, so that the country may
know what is the deficiency in the service for the
current fiscal year.
The people of this country are desirous to know,
and they have a right to know, upon whom they
shall fix the responsibility for the expenditures of
each fiscal year. It is a matter of a good deal of
importance. We want to know who votes the
appropriations, who are responsible for them,and
who expends them. If you have these-deficiencies
mixed up in the regular appropriation bills for the
next fiscal year, if the regular appropriations are
covered up with deficiencies, and the deficiencies
are not computed and charged against the current
year, they can only be ascertained by those who
will undeitake the labor of going over all the ap-
propriation bills, fishing up an item of deficiency
here and an item of deficiency elsewhere. 1 hold
that this Congress shall not expire, that it shall
not run away with this feather in its cap, that it
has no deficiency bill for the service of this year.
Here are $4,000,000, and there are other millions
scattered through other appropriation bills. I
want this Administration to take the responsibility
and stagger along with that in addition to other
sins it has to answer for, if it can. It is perfectly
certain, without a change in the laws regulating
the rates of postage, you must make an appropri-
ation for the next fiscal year equal to the present
deficiency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Ohio seems to think that this is a regular de-
ficiency. He makes an onslaught upon it as
though it was a deficiency arising out of the neg-
lectof Congress tQ appropriate a sufficient amount
of money for the acts specified in the last appro-
priation bill. At the last session of Congress we
made an appropriation of a sum of money to be
expended in the transportation of mails, the pay-
ment of salaries of postmasters, and of clerks,
and the incidental expenses of officers, in the man-
ner in which appropriations were formerly made;
payable out of the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment. The Postmaster General, at the time
he submitted his estimates, admonished us that
the revenues of the Post Office Department would
be insufficient to meet the expenditures that might
be authorized by Congress, if Congress votedthe
estimates that he presented.
Now, because there happens to be a deficiency
in the revenues of the Post Office Department,
the gentleman from Ohio comes and complains
that no deficiency bill has been presented. I un-
derstand by a deficiency bill, a bill that arises
from Congress not having made a sufficiently large
appropriation. The deficiency here arises, not.
from a failure of Congress to appropriate a suffi-
cient sum of money to carry on the service of the
Post Office Department, but it is because the rev-
enues estimated for did not come up to the sum
estimated.
Mr. STANTON. I should like to know
whether that was not known before the commence-
ment of the year ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is precisely the
same as in the case of the marine hospitals. By
the law, a tax of twenty cents is levied on seamen,
which constitutes the marine hospital fund; and
each year Congress appropriates so much money
out of the Treasury as is necessary to supply the
deficiencies in this fund. So it is in regard to the
Post Office. The revenues of the Post Office are
estimated, and the Postmaster General is author-
ized to expend so much money beyond that as is
necessary to carry on the business of the Depart-
ment. At last session of Congress, nearly four-
teen million five hundred thousand dollars was
appropriated, and it was provided that, if the rev-
enues of the Post Office Department were not
sufficient, with this sura, it might have from the.
Treasury $3,500,000 more. ■ • *
JSfow, the appropriations made for the support;
of the Post Office Department, will be less than,
that which we told, the Postmaster General he
might expend. I had occasion to refer to this mat-
ter yesterday, when the gentleman from Tennes-
see adverted to the fact, that, in the first section
of the bill, it was proposed to appropriate nearly
seventeen million dollars, while it is known that
the net revenue of the Post Office Department will*
be only about seven million four hundred thou-
sand dollars. The gentleman from Ohio is mis-
taken when he treats this as a deficiency. Con-
fress has appropriated between fourteen and
fteen million dollars, and told the Potmaster
General that he might have besides that the reve-
nues of the Department and $3,500,000 out of the
Treasury; and yet it has not appropriated so
much money, actually, as the Postmaster General
was authorized to expend.
The question being on Mr. Stanton's amend-
ment, .
Mr. BUFFINTON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered-, and Messrs. Chaffee,
and Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 72. .
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. KEITT. I now move to strike out the
enacting words of the bill.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I ask the gentleman
from South Carolina to withdraw that motion, to
enable me to offer an amendment.
Mr. KEITT. I have withdrawn the motion
four or five times already, and I must now insist
on it, as it is the only way in which we can stop
the debate on this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
inquire if the effect of the motion, if it prevails,
will not be to cut off all the amendments which
have been adopted by the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman under-
stands, as well as the Chair does, that that will
be (he effect of it.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that, under the 136th rule, it is not in order
to move to strike out the enacting words of the
bill. That rule provides that the committee shall
vote on all amendments that may be pending, or
offered; and there are amendments proposed to
this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Inasmuch as it has been
several times decided that the motion can be en-
tertained, the Chair rules that it is in order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I appeal to the
gentleman from South Carolina to let me submit
an amendment, which I desire to explain.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object to dis-
cussion.
Mr. BRANCH. I shall insist on a vote on my
amendment.
Mr. KEITT. I will withdraw my motion, if
there is any chance of debate ceasing.
Several Members. Withdraw it.
Mr. KEITT. I withdraw it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to strike
out all of the amendment submitted by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That if the revenues of the Post Office Department shall
be insufficient to defray the appropriations made in the first
section of this act, the deficiency, if any there be, shall be
paid out o( any money in tile Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
I hope the gentleman from North Carolina will
withdraw his amendment until mine can be acted
on.
Mr. BRANCH. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have no wish
to prejudice the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina; but my amendment pertains to
the revenues of the Post Office Department, and
I desire to present the question involved in it to
the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
at what part of the bill the gentleman from Mis-
souri proposes to insert his amendment ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. To come in as
section three.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I rise to a question of
