1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
order. My proposition is to amend the second sec-
tion, and the gentleman cannot offer an amend-
ment asa third section until the second section is
disposed of.
• The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order is well taken. «
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will then offer
my amendment as a proviso to the second sec-
tion.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 submit the point of order
that the amendment is not germane to my amend-
ment, of which the gentleman proposes to make
it a part.
Mr. STANTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tlemanfrom Missouri that he should move his as
a substitute for the second section, and say in it
that whatever amount the revenues of the Depart-
ment should fall short, during the current or the
next fiscal year, shall be paid out of the Treas-
ury. 1 think that would answer the purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will let me offer an amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I want action on
mine.
Mr. BRANCH. I have made the point of order
on the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, that what he proposes to attach to my
amendment is not germane to that amendment.
It is germane to the bill; and after my amendment
shall have been disposed of, he can then move to
attach his to the bill; but it is not germane to my
amendment, to which he proposes to attach it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
amendment is in order.
Mr. LETCIIER. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Missouri moves to striko out the
amendment of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, and to insert something in lieu of it. Now,
I want to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina, so as to perfect it. 1 move
to amend the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina, by adding:
Provided, Tliat the fumtaiiMnuoutof the revenues of the
Tost OHice Depaitment, liom postages at the several places,
shall he sufficient to construct th<\->« imihhn^, altoi pajuig
the legitimate expenses of the Post Oiliec Department.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the amendment of the gentleman j
from Virginia proposes to change existing law,
and therefore is not in order. The law passed
two years ago made an appropriation oft Ins money |
directly fiom the Treasury. The gentleman now I
proposes to vary that law, by piovidmg that the I
money shall be appropriated from the revenues of:
the Post O/ltee Department.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, as I understand !
it, the amendment is no more a change of exist-
ing law than the amendment of the gentleman
himself, llti proposes to reenact a law made two
years ago, which, as I understand it, is now dead, i
The amendment is, therefore, m fact, to create a '
new law.
Mr. BRANCH. No, sir; that law is not dead. |
Mr. LETCHER. Then, where is the neces-
sity of leenacting it?
Mr BRANCH. Because, although it is not
dead, it is vei y near dying; and 1 want to keep it
alive.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, the gentleman's pa-
tient is in the last stages of disease, just at the
point of death.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment of the gentleman from Vngmia
is not in oulei.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; then, suppose I
put it in this way: j
Pronded, The excess of revenue from the postages of;
the ofliee-, shall amount to the Mirn necessary to complete j
thu--e ImiUiioys within the next twcmy-fivo yeai- . j
Would that be in order? •
TheCHAIRMAN. Thatwouldnotbeinorder,'
for the reason that it would be a change of the
existing law, winch provides that this money!
shall be paid direct from the Treaaury. |
Mr LETCHER. Very well; now, let me try j
it again: ;
Pioudrd^ Tlmt the sumc shall ho pai.l out of :my e\ees<?j
of H.-venue the I'ost Ortice Depattmeiit may ha\u on haixl. j
The CHAIRMAN, The gentleman's amend-
ment in that shape would not he in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Why? Because there is not
any excess on hand, and not likely to be?
The CHAIRMAN. Because it would contra-
vene'a provision of existing law which provides
that this appropnation shall be paid out of any
money in tne Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Mr. LETCHER, Then I move to add this
proviso:
Provided, The draft on the Treasury for the current ex-
penses of the Treasury is not greater than the amount of
revenues leeeived.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to the gentleman from
Virginia debating this proposition under guise of
offering amendments.
Mr. LETCHER. If that amendment is not in
order, I will move to strike out the last two lines
of the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. That amendment has al-
ready been offered, and voted down.
Mr. LETCHER. I move then to strike out
the last two lines and a half in the gentleman's
amendment, if nobody has made that motion,
and it has not been voted down.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 have a tabular state-
ment before me, made up under the direction of
the Treasury Department, showing the amount
of revenue derived from these different post
offices, and the amount expended at each, from
which 1 find that at the city of Raleigh, North
Carolina, the total Amount of revenue collected
at that point is $4,340 95, and that the cost of
collecting it is $3,402 70.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman allow me
to explain ?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; 1 cannot, in my
five minutes. I was going on to say, that I find ;
that the net revenue received from all sources in j
the city of Raleigh by the Government is $876 25. j
Now, sir, it i"5 proposed to build a post office and i
court-house in that city, for which $50,000 has
already been appropriated, when the whole
amount of revenue there is only about four thou-
sand three hundied dollars, and when it costs
nearly three thousand live hundred dollars to col-
lect it. At that rate it will require some consid-
erable time, to build the house Irom the enure rev-
enues at that place.
Now, let us see whether there is any necessity
of having a eourt-house built there? According
to this report, the United States court sits there ,
eight days m a year. As I have said, the net rev- j
enuc is between eight and nine hundred dollars, 1
the court sits eight days in a year, and yet you
propo.se to const! uet a building tiiere which shall j
cobt from litty to one hundred thousand dollars, |
as the ease may be, because it does not follow
that tho sum appiopriated will be sufficient to ,
complete the building. |
Now, sir, my own idea about this thing is this:
that if, for the eight days'court there, the people 1
cannot furnish a suitable room for rent, I would j
move it somewhere else, where they will furnish ;
a room, at a fair rent; for in that short time the le-
moval cannot be the source of any great amount 1
of inconvenience. ;
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the gen- j
tlernan whethi-i he has not got a court-house and 1
post oilice belonging to the United States in Rich- 1
mond >
Mr. LETCHER. I will inform the gentleman ,
from Tennessee that I do not represent the city |
of Richmond. j
Mr. HATCH. The gentleman takes a single 1
locality—Raleigh—the weakest case to which this
amendment applies, in its wide sweep, on which
to base his opposition. Let him look at others ^
included in tins amendment. I ask tho gentle- |
man also to include other points to which it ap-
plies. Take, for instance, the ciucs of Baltimore -
and Buffalo.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; 1 will take the
city of Buffalo. How much revenue is derived
fiom customs in that city, and what docs it cost ,
to collect? j
Mr. HATCH. I will reply as to the revenues
of the post oilice first. The revenues of the Buf-
falo post office are some §2-4,000 over expendi- ,
tures annually.
Mr. LETCHER. But I ask the gentleman !
how about the custom-house? If I am not mis- ;
taken, it costs more to collect the revenues there
than the amount received. . i
Mr. HATCH. 1 was coming to that, for I do j
not fear this issue with the gentleman from Vir- '
ginia in relation to our northern collection dis- j
tricts upon the lakes. The Buffalo district, in j
former years, has paid into the Federal Treasury
twice the amount that our national Government
has ever expended upon its harbor. And, sir, if
you add the net revenues of the post office, then
this district, in postal and customs revenues, has
paid into the Treasury three times as much as
the General Government has expended upon the
improvement of its harbors or public buildings.
I will state to the gentleman that, so far as rev-
enues from the custom-house there now is con-
cerned, if the duties had been levied on merchan-
dise imported into that city this year, from the
Canadas, which were levied upon them before the
conclusion of the reciprocity tieaty, the amount
of revenue collected at that port the last year
would have been $320,000.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, is not the gentleman
in favor of the reciprocity treaty?
Mr. HATCH. No, sir; I am not.
Mr. LETCHER. You are opposed to the re-
ciprocity treaty ?
Mr. HATCH. I am, as it is carried out.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, why does not the
gentleman introduce a bill to repeal it?
Mr. HATCH. There has such a bill been
introduced in the other end of the Capitol. The
reason why I am opposed to the reciprocity treaty
is, that the British Government have increased
the duties on the unenumej-ated articles to such
an extent that it has destroyed our former ad-
vantageous trade in the northern cities with the
Canadas.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from New
York is, then, opposed to free trade ?
Mr. HATCH. Let the gentleman hold on
there. I am not opposed to free trade. X am op-
posed to the kind of free trade this reciprocity
treaty gives us, when it is all on one side.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. Then the gentleman from
New York com plains that his custom-house brings
in nothing, because of the adoption of the reci-
procity treaty. You have got a custom-house
there already, built at the cost of—
[Cries of " Order 1" " Order!"]
Mr. HATCH. I will tell the gentleman that
if it were not for these northern collection dis-
tricts and their preventive force, you could not
collect a dollar of revenue upon your Atlantic
coast. ["Order!"] I repeat it, they form the most
important bianch of public service, as a security
for your revenues upon the Atlantic coast. [Groat
confusion and shouts of "Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. If gentlemen persist in
their disorder, the Chairman will be forced to go
into the House and icport the facts to the Speaker,
that the House may take action upon the matter,
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Chairman, I might not
have been surprised to hear an attack upon the
post office at Raleigh from some quarters in this
Hall, but I cannot but think that it is a most re-
markable fact that this attack should have come
from a member from Virginia, where they already
have six of these public buildings, one half of
which 1 will undertake to say are no more needed
for the public convenience than is this building
in North Carolina. Why did not the gentleman's
spitit of economy revolt when Congress was
making appropriations for all these public build-
ings in his own State. ?
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken about my having voted for them.
Mr. BRANCH. The post office at Raleigh,
Mr. Chairman, is at the seat of government of
one of the old thirteen States of this Union. It
is at a point where the Federal court has been
held since the passage of the first judiciary act
under this Government. -It is in the center of a
State that has received as little of benefit and as
much of evil from the Union, as any other State
in it.
Mr. Chairman, I do not understand this new
! species of economy. 1 do not understand this
: system of economizing backwards. I will unite
' with the gentleman fiom Virginia, or any other
; gentleman, m any reasonable or just system of
economy that he may undertake to carry out. I
am in the habit of uniting in whatever appears to
me to be judicious economy; but if the gentleman
from Virginia wishes to go back and repeal laws
providing for the erection of buildings in North
Carolina, I insist that his crab-like system will
compcl him to vote for tho sale of all the buildings
the Government has erected in the State of Vir-
