1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
produced much sectional feeling between the
States. Butall difficulties were not yet surmount-
ed; for Congress, either fioin indifference, or the
want of money, failed to make adequate appio-
priations for the erection of public buildings, and
the commissioners were often reduced to great
straits to maintain the progress of the work.
Finding itimpossible to borrow money in Europe,
or to obtain it from Congress, Washington, in
December, 179G, made a personal appeal to the
Legislature of Maryland, which was responded to
by an advance of $100,000; but in so deplorable
a condition was the credit of the Federal Govern-
mcnt that the State required, as a guarantee of |
payment, the pledge of the private cieditof the j
commissioneis.
Prom the beginning Washington had advocated
the present seat of Government, its establish-
ment here was due, in a large measure, to his in-
fluence; it was his wisdom and prudence that com-
puted disputes and settled conflicting titles; and
it was chiefly through his personal influence that
the funds were provided to prepare the buildings
for the reception of the President and Congress.
The wings of the Capitol having been sufficient-
ly prepared, the Government removed Lo this Dis-
trict on the 17th of Novembei, 1800; or as Mr.
Wolcott expressed it, left the comforts of Phila-
delphia " to go to the Indian place with the long
name, in the woods on the Potomac." I will not
pause to describe the appearancc, at that day, of
the place where the city was to be. Cotempo-
rary accounts represent it as desolate in the ex-
treme, with its long, unopened avenues and
streets, its deep morasses, and its vast area cov-
ered with trees instead of houses. It is enough
to say that Washington projected the whole plan
upon a scale of centuries, and that time enough
remains to fill the measure of his great conception.
The Senate continued to occupy the north wing,
and the House of Representatives the south wing
of the Capitol, until the 24th of August, 1814,
when the British army entered the city and burned
the public buildings. This occurred during the :
recess, and the Piesident immediately convened
the Congress. Both Houses met in a brick build-
ing known as Blodget's Hotel, which occupied a
part of the square now covered by the General
Post Office. Cut the accommodations in that
house being quite insufficient, a number of public-
spirited citizens erected a more commodious build-
ing, on Capitol Hill, and tendered it to Congress;
the offer was accepted, and both Houses continued
to occupy it until the wings of the new Capitol
were completed. This building yet stands on the
street opposite to the northeastern corner of the
Capitol Square, and has since been occasion-
ally occupied by persons employed m different
branches of the public service.
On the Gth of December, 1819, the Senate as-
sembled for the first time in this Chamber, which
has been the theater of their deliberations for
more than thirty-nine years.
And now the strifes and uncertainties of the
past are finished. We see around us on every
side the proofs of stability and improvement.
This Capitol is worthy of the Republic. Noble
public buildings meet the view on every hand.
Treasures of science and the arts begin to accu-
mulate. As this flourishing city enlarges, it tes-
tifies to the wisdom and forecast that dictated the
plan of it. Future generations will not be dis-
turbed with questions concerning the center of
population, or of territory, since the steamboat,
the railioad, and the telegraph have made com-
munication almost instantaneous. The spot is
sacred by a thousand memories, which are so
many pledges that the city of Washington,
founded by him and bearing his revered name,
with its beautiful site, bounded by picturesque
eminences, and the broad Potomac, and iym&
within view of his home and his tomb, shall
remain forever the political capital of the United
States. , , ,
it would be interesting to note the gradual
changes which have occurred in the practice
working of the Government, since the adoption
of the Constitution; and it may be appropriate to
this occasion to remark one of the most striking
of them.
At the origin of the Government, the Senate
geemed to be regarded chiefly as an executive
council. The President often visited the Cham-
ber and conferred personally with this body; most
of its business was transacted with closed doors,
and it took comparatively little part in the legis-
lative debates. The rising and vigorous intellects
of the country sought the arena of the House of
Representatives as the appropriate theater for the
display of their powers. Mr. Madison observed,
on some occasion, that being a young man, and
desiring to increase his reputation, he could not
afford to enter tho Senate; and it will be remem-
bered , that, so late as 1812, the great debates which
preceded the war and aroused the country to the
assertion of its rights, took place m the other
branch of Congress. To such an extent was the
idea of seclusion carried, that, when this Cham-
ber was completed, no seats were prepared for
the accommodation of the public; and it was not
until many years afterwards that the semi-circu-
lar gallery was erected which admits the people
, to be witnesses of your proceedings. But now,
the Senate, besides its peculiar ldations to the
; executive departmentof the Government,assumes
; its full share of duty as a coequal branch of the
I Legislatuie; indeed, from tho limited number of
■ its "members, and for other obvious reasons, the
! most important questions, especially of foreign
policy, are apt to pass first under discussion in
I this body, and to be a member of it is justly re-
< garded as one of the highest honors which can be
conferred on an American statesman.
] It is scarcely necessary to point out the causes
i of this change, or to say that it is a concession
I both to the importance and the individuality of
j the States, and to the free and open character of
] the Government.
S In connection with this easy but thorough trans-
1 ition, it is worthy of remaik that it has been ef-
fected without a charge from any quarter that the
Senate has transcended its constitutional sphere—
a tribute at once to the moderation of theSenatij,
and another proof to thoughtful men of the com-
prehensive wisdom with which the ftamers of the
Constitution secured essential principles without
inconveniently embarrassing the action of the
Government.
The progress of this popularmovemcnt, in one
aspect of it, has been steady and marked. At
the origin of the Government no arrangements
in the Senate were made for spectators; in this
Chamber about one third of the space is allotted
to the public; and in the new apartment the gal-
leries cover two thirds of its area. In all fiee
countries the admission of the people to witness
legislative proceedings is an essential element of
public confidence; and it is not to be anticipated
that this wholesome principle will ever be abused
by the substitution of partial and interested dem-
onstrations for the expression of a matured and
enlightened public opinion. Yetit should never
I be forgotten that not France, but the turbulent
| spectators within the Hall, awed and controlled
the Frcnch Assembly. With this lesson and its
1 consequence before us, the time will never come
! when the deliberations of the Senate shall be
! swayed by the blandishments or the thunders of
I the galleries.
i It is impossible to disconnect from an occa-
; sion like this, a crowd of reflection on our past
i history, and of speculations on the futuie. The
most meager account of the Senate involves a
| summary of the progress of our country. From
: year to year you have seen your representation
j enlarge; time and again you have proudly wel-
j corned a new sister into the Confederacy; and the
' occurrences of this day are a material and im-
| pressive proof of the growth and prosperity of
the United States. Three periods in the history
i of the Senate mark, in striking contrast, three
epochs in the history of the Union.
On the 3d of March, 1789, when the Govern-
ment was organized under the Constitution, the
Senate was composed of the representatives of
eleven States, containing three millions of people.
On the 6th of December, 1819, when the Sen-
' ate met for the first time in this room, it was
composed of tho representatives of twenty-one
States, containing nine millions of people.
H To-day it is composed of the representatives of
II thirty-two States, containing more than twenty-
j eio-ht millions of people, prosperous, happy, and
i1 sull devoted to constitutional liberty. Let these
I; o-reat facts speak for themselves to all the world.
i ° The career of the United States cannot be
I: measured by that of any other people of whom
ii history gives account; and the mmd is almost
appalled at the contemplation of the prodigious
foice which has marked their progress. Sixty-
nine years ago, thirteen States containing three
millions of inhabitants, burdened with debt, and
exhausted by the long war of independence, es-
tablished for their common good a free Constitu-
tion, on principles new to mankind, and began
their experiment with the good wishes of a few
doubting friends and the derision of the world.
Look at the result to-day; twenty-eight millions
of people, in every way happier than an equal
number in any other part of the globe! the center
of population and political power descending the
western slopes of the Alleghany mountains, and
the original thirteen States forming buttheeastern
margin on the map of our vast possessions. See
besides, Christianity, civilization, and the arts
given to a continent; the despised colonies grown
into a Power of the first class, representing and
protecting ideas that involve the progress of the
human race; a commerce greater than that of any
other nation; free interchange between the States;
every variety of climate, soil, and production to
make a people powerful and happy—in a word,
behold present greatness, and, in the future, an
empire to which the ancient mistress of the world
in the heightof herglory could not be compared.
Such is our country; ay, and more—far more
than my mind could conceive or my tongue could
utter. Is there an American who regrets the past ?
Is there one who will deride his country's laws,
pervert her Constitution, or alienate her people?
If theie be such a man, let his memory descend
to posterity laden with the execrations 9f all
mankind.
So happy is the political and social condition
of the United States, and so accustomed are we
to the secure enjoyment of a freedom elsewhere
unknown, that we are apt to undervalue the treas-
ures we possess, and to lose, in some degree, tho
sense of obligation to our forefathers. But when
the strifes of faction shake the Government,and
even threaten it, we may pause with advantage
long enough to remember that we are reaping the
reward of other men's labors. This liberty we
inherit; this admirable Constitution, which lias
survived peace and war, prosperity and adversity;
this double scheme of Government, State and
Federal, so peculiar and so little understood by
other Powers, yet which protects the earnings of
industry,and makes the largest personal freedom
compatible with public order; these great results
were not acquired without wisdom and toil and
b|oocl—the touching and heroic record is befoie
the world. But to all this we were born, and,lilte
heirs upon whom has been cast a great inherit-
ance, have only the high duty to pieserve, to ex-
tend, and to adorn it. The grand productions of
! the era in which the foundations of this Govern-
i ment were laid, reveal the deep sense its founders
! had of their obligations to the whole family of
man. Let us never forget that the responsibili-
ties imposed on this generation are by so much
| the greater than those which rested on our revo-
lutionary ancestors, as the population, extent,
! and power of our country surpass the dawning
I promise of its origin.
h It would bo a pleasing task to pursue many
!: trains of thought, not wholly foreign to this oc-
!i casion, but the temptation to enter the wide field
] must be rigorously curbed; yet I may be pardoned,
,, perhaps, i'or one or two additional reflections.
11 The Senate is assembled for the last time in
1 this Chamber. Henceforth it will be converted to
j, other uses; yetit must remain forever connected
with great events, and sacred to the memories of
', the departed orators and statesmen who here en-
I' gaged in high debates, and shaped the policy of
their country. Hereafter the American and the
i stranger, a& they wnnder through the Capitol,
| i will turn with instinctive reverence to view the
spot on which so many and great materials have
1 accumulated for history. They will recall the
i images of the great and the good, whose renown
1; is the common property of the Union ;und chiefly,
' perhaps, they will linger around the seats once
, occupied by the mighty three, whose names and
■ fame, associated in life, death has not oeen able
i to sever; illustrious men, who in their generation
1 sometimes divided, sometimes led, and sometimes
resisted public opinion—for they were of that
higher class of statesmen who seek the right and
follow their convictions.
i There sat Calhoun, the Senator, inflexible, aus-
