1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ginia. I am not asking forany additional appro-
priation for the purposes I have indicated.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman let me
interrupt him ?
Mr. BRANCH. I cannot. Five minutes is a
very short time. I am not asking for the appro-
priation of an additional sum of money to erect
this public building in North Carolina. All that
I am asking is, that the appropriation already
made, and which it is not deemed judicious to
expend in the present condition of the Treasury,
shall not be allowed to go into the surplus fund.
I am endeavoring, sir, to put these appropriations
in such condition that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may have it in his power to postpone the
erection of these buildings until the condition of
the Treasury will justify him in going on with
the work. I seek to put them in a condition in
which he will not be compelled to expend the
money out of the public Treasury between now
and the 1st of next July.
I take it for granted, Mr. Chairman, that no
executive officer of the Government will dare to
stand before Congress and the country and un-
dertake to defeat and to annul taws made by Con-
gress, on any private judgment of his own that
they were unwiseand improvident. I take it for
granted, that if Congress does not do something
that will indicate its willingness that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall postpone the erection
of these buildings, he will feel bound, as a faith-
ful officer, to execute, between now and the 1st
of July, the order he has already received from
Congress. If he shall fail to do so, if that officer
shall undertake to defeat the laws passed by Con
gress; ay, sir, if he claims power higher than
that of the President of the United States—be-
cause the President himself cannot veto laws
passed before he came into office—he will make
himself amenable to the censure of Congress. If
the Secretary should undertake to veto laws passed
by Congress, and which have gone through all
the formalities prescribed by the Constitution, I
undertake to say, sir, that such an attempt would
not meet with the sanction of this body, and
would not pass unnoticed. My desire is, in the
present condition of the Treasury, that he shall
not be required to go on with these works. It is
my wish to extend these appropriations in such
way, that, if in his judgment prudence requires
it, he mav postpone the erection of the buildings
for two years. If the gentleman from Virginia
will introduce a bill to go backwards and econo-
mize, not only upon this, but upon all other build-
ings; if he will introduce a bill repealing all laws
for the erection of new buildings, stopping those
now under way and not completed, and providing
ior the sale of all those at points where the reve-
nues received or the business transacted would
not seem to justify keeping them up, then, sir,
he can put himself in a condition to oppose this
amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I move to strike
out the enacting clause.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that for a moment.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I cannot with-
draw it.
Mr. IiEITT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hawkins
and Underwood were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
■—ayes 61, noes 83.
So the committee refused to strike out the en-
acting words of the bill.
The question recurred on Mr. Letcher's
amendment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Branch's amend-
ment.
Mr. LETCHER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig of
Missouri, and Hawkins were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 94, noes 29.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BONHAM. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the second section
of the bill:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall he <>on-
stiued to compel tin: (rcnentl to continue tile
contiact with lSuueifield & Co., foi the trans-poitatmn of
the mail over the luuie fiom the Mississippi nver to the
laMr." BLAIR. I make the point of order that
that amendment has been already voted down by
the committee.
Mr. BONHAM. The gentleman is mistaken,
The amendment is not the same as that offered
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall.]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment may be
the same in substance, but it is not the same in
phraseology.
Mr. BONHAM. I understand that the amend-
ment which has already been adopted will have
the effect of authorizing the contractors to cut off
nine hundred miles of the route upon which they
are now carrying the mails. Am I right?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. BONHAM. Now, Mr, Chairman, I beg
leave to call the attention of the committee to a
statement that I have derived from the report of
the First Assistant Postmaster General; and from
it, 1 gather these important facts:
First, there is the route from St. Louis to St.
Joseph, Missouri; from St. Joseph to Salt Lake
City; from Salt Lake City to Placerville, Califor-
nia, and from Placerville, by Sacramento, to San
Francisco, $305,775.
Secondly, there is the routs from St. Louis to
Independence; from Independence, Missouri, to
Santa Fe; and from Neosho, Missouri, to Santa
Fe; from Santa Fe to El Paso, and thence to the
Pacific, $108,885.
Thirdly, there is the route from Kansas, Mis-
souri, to Stockton, California, $80,000.
Fourthly, the routes from Memphis and St.
Louis to San Francisco, $600,000; making an ag-
gregate of $1,094,660 for overland routes from
Missouri, and the branch from Memphis.
Here are three routes to the Pacific, starting
from St. Louis; a fourth from and to interior
towns; and notwithstanding that, it is desired to
authorize the contractors to abandon the contract
which I understand them to have made, and to
deprive other portions of the country of those fa-
cilities which the movers of the proposed change
themselves enjoy in such abundance.
The statement which I have made, will show
the importance of putting it in the power of the
Postmaster General to aid this House in reducing
the expenditures of the Government. I hope my
amendment will be adopted; or, if it be not, that
the enacting words of the bill maybe stricken
out.
Mr. BLAIR. The route of which we have
been speaking to-day, was authorized by an act
of Congress. "The other routes to which the gen-
tleman from South Carolina has referred, were
put on by the Postmaster General, and, in my
opinion, were put on in order to save this route
running down to El Paso, and to prevent this
matter from being brought to the attention of
Congress. The ground which I took in reference
to this amendment, when it was brought up sub-
stantially by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,] was, that it would enable the Post-
master General to coerce the contractors to con-
tinue the route on the thirty-second parallel,
thereby adding nine hundred miles to the dis-
tance, and with two forks, without authority of
law to the route, in order to breakdown this great
enterprise, and wrest it from the purpose for
which it was established by Congress. I refer
to the debates which occurred in the Senate at
the time this mail route was authorized by Con-
gress, to show what the friends of the measure
considered that they were doing. Mr. Gwin, in
advocating it, said:
" I indicate no route. Let money find the best route to
the Pacific."
In other words, let the contractors, whose in-
terest it is to find the best route, select their own
route. Such was the language of Mr. Gwin, one
of the most ardent supporters of the measure.
Some gentleman upon this floor, I do not remem-
ber who, has said that the passage of this law for
the overland mail route was principally due to
the exertions of Mr. Rusk, of Texas. In that
debate, Mr. Rusk said:
" We got over the difficulty as to where the mails should
(to by authorizing the contractors themselves to sclcct the
point" on the Mississippi river from which they would
start." «
There was a difficulty in getting any bill through
Congress authorizing this overland mail, because
gentlemen from various sections of the Union
wanted to tie it down to their own sections; and
they got over the. difficulty, and were enabledto
pass the bill, as Mr. Rusk said, by allowing the
contractors to Select the point from w\iicb they
would start, and the whole rojit,e; for, in select*
ing the starting point, they woold select the:whoie-
roUte. ,   • - ; - , .• ,-t
Now, if the amendment of-the gentleman frpjn.
South Carolina shall be adopted by the: commit-
tee, the effect of it. will be to put it in the^power,
of the Postmaster General to coerce tlie coinia.ct--
ors to retain the route which ;he,has selected; ftie
he will find it undoubtedly to the public interest
to abrogate the contract if another route should;
be selected which should not be a.pioneer for his
southern Pacific railroad. I go for allowing the
act of Congress, under which this mail route wasi
established, to be carried out in, its spirit and its
letter; and I go, also, for censuring the Postmas-
ter General for violating the act of Congress,
which he was bound to obey..
Mr. REAGAN. What route was specified in
the act of Congress? . , .
Mr. BLAIR. A route, which should be selected
by the contractors, and not by the Postmaster ■
General or the Cabinet; and it is boasted by the
friends of the Cabinet that this route was ser
lected by them; and the Postmaster General him-
self stated, in his report to the last session of
Congress, that he had selected the route,and the
contractors had bid for another and different one.
Mr. REAGAN. Have not the contractors ser
lected this route ? , ;
Mr. BLAIR. No, sir, the contractors did not
select this route. The contractors selected an en-
tirely different route. :
Mr. REAGAN. Who compelled them to take
the contract? *
Mr. BLAIR. They were allowed by the Post-
master General to have the contract if they would
take his route; but he would not contract with
them for any other route. And the amendment
of the gentleman from South Carolina is undoubt-
edly aimed at this very point, to enable the Post-
master General to eScercise the same species of
coercion upon these contractors, by which he
compelled them originally to carry the mail upon
the southern route.
Mr. GOOCH. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out the word " not.'.' It seems
to me, Mr. Chairman, that there has been an at-
tempt, on the part of the Postmaster General or
of the Cabinet, to override the clearlyrexpressed
intention of Congress in this matter. . . .
I am surprised that any geptleman upon this
floor should offer any amendment, or propose
any legislation, which should look like sanction-
ing any such action upon the part of a single ex-
ecutive officer of the Government, or upon the
part of the whole Cabinet. We have enough of
Executive influence, Heaven knows, before we
get our laws upon the statute-book; and if, after
they are placed there by Congress, they are to
be annulled by any Secretary who happens to be
in office at the time, and has charge of the con-
tracts to be made under the law in his Depart-
ment, it is about time this branch of the Govern-
ment was abolished, for we can accomplish little
or nothing by what we do.
Now, sir, it seems to me that the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Bokham,] looks to the accomplishment of
precisely the same objects of several other amend-
ments which have been offered here yesterday and
to-day, and voted down. I was pleased with the
position taken by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, whose seat is near me, [Mr. Branch,] "P0"
another amendment to this bill, when he called
the attention of the House to the fact that a Sec-
retary had, by his own mere will, sought to over-
ride the laws of the land. I hope the gentleman
and his friends will stand by the principle which
he announced, now, as lie asked us to stand by
it in the amendment which he offered. When
Congress has clearly expressed its will in the form
of law, it is our duty to see to it that that will be
not defeated by an executive officer of this Gov-
ernment. „ ,
Mr. CRAWFORD. With the consent of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, I wish to make
a single remark. I understand the gentleman to
say that the Secretary of the Treasury has vio-
lated the lawk not expending the money appro-
priated two years ago for the construction of cus-
tom-houses ?
