1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Mr. GOOCH. I said nothing of the kind. I
merely referred to the remarks of the gentleman
from North Carolina, and said that I sustained
the position taken by him; and that, when the
will of Congress had once been expressed,it should
not be permitted to be overruled by an executive
officer of the Government.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman, that that had not been done in the case to
which the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina referred.
Mr. GOOCH. I do not care whether it has
been done or not. The gentleman from North
Carolina assumed that it had been done, or sup-
posed a case in which it might be done; and it
is the doctrine which the gentleman laid down
which I desire to sustain, and apply to the case
now under consideration. And it cannot be de-
nied that such is the fact in the case to be affected
by this amendment. The law clearly vested in
the contractors the right to locate the route. These
contractors were not permitted to exercise that
right. According to the statement of the friends
of the Postmaster General, it was determined upon
by the Cabinet that a different route than that
selected by the contractors should be adopted;
and the contractors were forced to accede to that
route, or give up the contract. They were given
to understand that, if they would take such a
route as the Cabinet should adopt, they could
have the contract; and that, if they did not take
that route, they could not have it.
Mr. BONHAM. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether the contractors did
not themselves consent to adopt that route ? The
Postmaster General says:
"The foregoing route is selected for the overland mail
scrvice to ('ahforrna, as combining, in my judgment, more
advantages nnd fewer disadvantages than any other.
" No bid having been made for this, particular route, and
all the bidders (whose bids were considered regular under
the advertisement, and the act of Congress) having con-
sented that their bids may be held and considered as extend-
ing and applying to said route," kc.
Mr. GOOCH. I reply to the gentleman by ask-
ing him this question: where did that particular
route originate? It did not originate with either
one of the contractors; but that it did originate
with the Cabinet or with the Postmaster General,
the remarks of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina prove, and prove conclusively.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I oppose the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts, for
the purpose of showing that, as 1 conceive, the
Postmaster General is not liable to the charge
made against him of having violated the law. I
have not been able to sec that the charge made
against that officer of having made this overland
mail contract in violation of law, is .sustained.
The tenth section of the act of March 3, 1857,
authorizes the Postmaster General " to contract
for the conveyance of the entire letter mail, from
such point on the Mississippi river as the con-
tractors may select, to San Francisco, in the State
of California, for six years." The only thing left
for the contractor to designate is the point on the
Mississippi river from which he is to start. In
pursuance of that act the Postmaster General ad-
vertised for proposals; and in his report of De-
cember 1, 1857, he gives an abstract of the bids.
There seems to have been quite a number made
to the Department; the first is that of John But-
terfield and others, to start from St. Louis; that
is one point. Another bid from the same parties
designatesMemphisas the starting point; another
from the same parties, proposes to start from St.
Louis and go through by a diffeient route. The
next bid is from James E. Birch, from Memphis.
The next is from James Glover, from Memphis.
Then from S. Howell, and A. E. Pace, from
Gaines's Landing;and there are other bidders who
make the starting point at St. Louis. The only
matter left bylaw to the discretion of the bidders
■was the point of departure from the Mississippi
river, which was designated, as 1 have shown, in
the several bids made to the Department. The
bids accepted by the Department and the route
adopted, give the starting point both to St. Louis
and to Memphis; uniting in Arkansas and pro-
ceeding to San Francisco.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will say to the
gentleman from Tennessee, that, as I construe the
umendmentoffered by my colleague, [Mr. Clair,]
it does not change the starting points from Mem
phis and St. Louis at all; it only leaves it in the
discretion of the contractors to change the inter-
mediate points of the route.
Mr. MAYNARD. Possibly that would be the
effect. But for my present purpose it is not ne-
cessary for me to notice the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Missouri. I was attempting to re-
fute the idea which has been so industriously
asserted, repeated, and reiterated, that the Post-
master General, in awarding this contract as he
did, violated the act of 3d March, 1857. I as-
serted that he did no such thing; and, as the
ground of my assertion, I proceeded to state that
the only discretion left the contractors was, to
designate the point of departure from the Missis-
sippi river. The bids of these parties which were
accepted designated the points of St. Louis and
Memphis. In awarding the contract, the Post-
master General incorporated both these points in
the bid as accepted, which, as I understand the
law, he had the right to do; and for which 1 do not
see that there is any reasonable ground for com-
plaint.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the gentleman whether the
law docs not authorize the contractors also to
locate the route?
Mr. MAYNARD. The law, as I have read it,
and which I suppose the gentleman from New
York can understand as well as I, says "from
such point on the Mississippi river as the con-
tractor may select." If they selected two differ-
ent points, it was certainly within the spirit, if
not within the letter of the act, for the Postmas-
ter General to combine the two pomtsin the route;
and it certainly is very ungracious, to say the
least of it, when the Postmaster General has con-
strued this law so as to give the* most liberal
increase of postal facilities to the country, to
complain of that construction. Suppose he had
adopted Memphis as the point to start from, or
Gaines's Landing, or the Balize, or Lake Pepin,
it might have been urged that he had violated the
spirit in adhering to the letter of the law. But he
adopted two points from those selected by the
contractors, both central, and so situated as to
accommodate both the northern and the southern
travel.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee whether it was not the common under-
standing, at the time this act was passed, and
whether it was not the common understanding on
the part of the contractors, and the understand-
ing of the Postmaster General himself, as shown by
the language which he uses m lus report, that the
contractors were authorized to designate the whole
line of the route ?
Mr. MAYNARD. And it is charged that the
Postmaster General has violated, not the law, but
common undeistanding. Common understand-
ing, 1 suppose, does not make law; and what was
common understanding would, perhaps, be a very
difficult matter to settle. The only common un-
derstanding we are at liberty to regaid must be
derived from the language of the law itself.
Now, under that law, the contractor has the
right to designate his starting point on the Mis-
sissippi, and the Postmaster General is left en-
tirely free to select such route from thence to San
Francisco as in his wisdom he may think proper
to choose. Any other construction of the law
would be grossly unreasonable.
Mr. BLAIR. Then, I suppose, if the starting
point designated by the contractor had been Si.
Paul, the Postmaster General would have been
authorized to have compelled him to start at St.
Paul, and still proceed through the State of Ark-
ansas, on his way to San Francisco, if, in his
wisdom, ho had seen proper so to direct.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will answer thegentleman
very cheerfully. Had the contractor capiiciously
selected as the eastern terminus of the loute a
point either near to the source or to the mouth of
the Mississippi, it would have been so manifest a
departure from the intent of the law, that it would,
in my opinion, have been the duty of the Post-
master General to have withheld the contract,
and sought some more reasonable contractor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Goocu's
amendment; and it.was rejected.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I move to add as
| follows:
i Ami prociJeS >. That the rostma&ter Genoial fJuill
1 oidt't an increase of service anil -peed on the routes lie
tween St. Joseph, Missouri, and PlacervUle, California, so
as to run through twice a week each way, in twenty-five
days: Provided, however, That the contractors shall not
receive for such additional service exceeding fifty per cent,
of the pro rata compensation usually paid by the Depart-
ment for hucli increased service.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
is in order.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, Mr. Chairman,
gentlemen on this floor talk a good deal about re-
trenchment, and I have offered fehis amendment to
ascertain whether they are really in earnest, and
desire retrenchment. There appears to be a dis-
position on the part of a majority of the House to
dispense with the services of Butterfield & Co. I
have not felt at liberty to attack that >oute, al-
though it is a rival to the one in which my con-
stituents feel a deep interest, and which starts
from the city in which I reside. As that was a con-
tract under the authority of a special aet of Con-
gress, I do not desire to see it taken away from
Memphis. I think there ought to be two routes
across the continent. My amendment increases
the speed and service on the central route, run-
ning on and near the fortieth parallel—giving ser-
vice twice a week, and running through in twen-
ty-five days, and the whole to be done for fifty
per cent, of the pay usually allowed for such in-
creased service. The contractors of the central
route now get $320,000. Butterfield &, Co. get
! $600,000. The contractors on the central route
' carry from twelve to twenty-five hundred pounds
a trip; Butterfield & Co., under their special con-
tract, are required to carry only the letter mail.
The central route is nine hundred miles shorter
than Butterfield's route. The central route, after
leaving the frontier of Missouri, runs by arid sup-
plies the line of military posts, furnishes the peo-
ple of Utah and your army with mail*,and after
the lettmgs in April, this line is to supply Oregon
and Washington, and, within a few months, is to
supply one hundred thousand miners m the Pike's
Peak region with their mails. The present winter
has demonstrated this as a feasible route for sum-
mer and winter. It has proven itself the best
overland route across the continent. I believe
more failures have occurred, the present winter,
between New York and Washington, on account
of snow, than have occurred on this overland route >
in both ranges of mountains. This route being
the shortest by several hundred miles, through a
healthy region, I submit that the mails can be
earned over it with moie rapidity and regularity,
and at a less cost, than upon any other route.
Mr. BLAIR. Did we not pass, at the last ses-
sion of Congress, a joint resolution to authorize
the Postmaster General to do this thing? And
has he not failed to do it because it came into con-
flict with his pet southern route?
Mr. ATKINS. Have not men and mules frozen
to death this winter upon the Salt Lake route?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HUGHES. 1 move to strike out the en-
acting clause.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Pf.ytont were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 74, noes 84.
So the committee refused to strike -out the en-
acting clause of the bill.
The question recurred on Mr Craig's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
! Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to move that
. the committee do now rise, and report the bill
i with amendments ?
| The CHAIRMAN. It is not. The amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from South Car-
1 ohna [Mr. Bonham] is still pending.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend
| the amendment by striking out the words " But-
, terfield & Co.," and insert, so as to make it read
that it is not to be construed to authorize or direct
the Postmaster General to continue any contract
: further than can be paid for by the moneys re-
1 ceived by his Department.
: i have moved this amendment, Mr. Chairman,
1 merely for the purpose of suggesting, as I think,
| the only mode of getting this bill out of commtt-
: tee at tins time. It is this: Let those who oiler
their amendments do so; and let their friends, if
they desire it, vote them in, till every member of
, the committee may have, if he please, a dozen
' amendments; aud then let tin* bill be reported to
