206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 4,
I may say for them, that they would desire most
earnestly to carry out the object of this resolution
if they could do so, and they will do the best that
is in their power; but I think if the Senator wishes
any thing practical, he would do better to divide
it so that each committee might take charge of
the expenditures which flow from the particular
Department in reference to which it is raised.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am in hopes
that the Senator from Virginia will withdraw his
opposition to this resolution. The House of
Representatives, under their rules, appoint com-
mittees to investigate and examine the expendi-
tures of the respective Executive Departments. I
served in that House ten years, and never knew
any of those committees to make a report on the
expenditures of any of the Departments. If we
divide the labor here between these various com-
mittees, or appoint a special committee on the
expenditures of the various Departments, there
will never be anything done. 1 would prefer to
have the labor and efforts of the Finance Com-
mittee first, to see if something cannot be done in
the way of retrenching the expenditures of the
Government, as indicated by the President of the
United States. I think there can be no objection
to this. If the Finance Committee find it impos-
sible for them to perform the labor, they can re-
port that fact to the Senate. They are efficient;
they are a working committee; and I hope the
resolution will be referred to them.
While I am up, Mr. President, I must be per-
mitted to make one other remark. I have been
waiting a long time, and looking a good while for
a favorable oppoitunity to commence the work of
retrenchment. 1 have long been satisfied in my
own mind that it cannot be done unless the move-
ment be headed by the Administration ofthe coun-
try. One member may come into the Senate
Chamber, and a few others into the House of
Representatives, and they may talk about retrench-
ment, and introduce resolutions, and propose prop-
ositions, and all that kind of thing, but it results
in nothing; the effort fails; there is no retrench-
nientcommcnced, and there is no reform biou^ht
about. Hut now we have a favorable opportunity.
It is in time of peace. A Democratic President
now proposes, in his annual message, to lead in
this work of retrenchment. He tells us in the
message that the expenses of some of the Dopai t-
ments have been reduced below what they were
last year; and the suggestion is clear that if Con-
gress will commence tins work, the expenditures
can be still further reduced. The President almost
asks it. The President proposes to lead in the
work of retrenchment, and why shall we not join
liim in the effort? It never will be done until this
or some other Administration places itself in the
lead of this great work. The President, it is true,
says, in the message, that it js unreasonable to
expect that the expenditures of the Government
can now be as small as they were some years ago;
that as the business of the country, and the coun-
try itself, increase, and become more extensive
in everything that pertains to a Government, we
must expect the expenditures of the Government
to cmrespondingly increase. That is reasonable
and right, and in that I concur with the Presi-
dent; but the question is whether the expenditures
of the Government are not running far ahead of
a corresponding increase of the population and
business of the country. There are one or two
facts that I think will go far to show the neces-
sity of commencing this work of retrenchment
ancl reform with the President at its head.
in 1190, the population ofthe United States was
a fraction less than four million; and the expend-
itures, in 1791, were $2,000,000. At that time
the amount required to carry on the Government
for four million people was only $2,000,000. In
1858, we find that the population was twenty-
eight million, and the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment for the last year were about seventy-five
milhon dollars. At least, $75,000,000 was the
estimate; but the actual expenditures, as we arc
told, were $81,000,000, and the amount we ap-
propriated at the last Congress was £83,000,000. j
Confine it to the estimates made last yeai, and j
assume the expenditures to be $75,000,000. From :
1790 up to the present period of time the popula- j
tion has increased seven fold; but the expenditures 1
of the Government have increased thirty-five fold, j
I ask you if this ratio is not too great,* if the ex-
penditures of the Government have not gone too I
far ahead of the population and business of the
country. Can we take any better data to get at
what should be the expenditures of the Govern-
ment than the population ? There may be other
things which may enable us to reach a correct con-
clusion; but this is near enough to show the coun-
try that the expenditures are outrunning our pop- j
ulation and business in too great a ratio. j
Our population has increased seven-fold, while
our expenditures have multiplied thirty-five-fold.
Thus it appears that, from 1790 to the present
time, the expenditures of the Government have
gone twenty-eight hundred per cent, in advance
of the population. With that ratio going on in
the future, how long will it be until the expend-
itures of the Government go beyond the ability
of the people to pay the expenses of it ?
I hope this resolution will go to the Committee
on Finance. I think that is the appropriate com-
mittee. It is the committee that reports all the
bills providing for the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, and it is the appropriate committee, as
I conceive, that should look into the expenditures
and report to this House whether those expend-
itures cannot be reduced. I hope that the reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President 
Mr. GWIN. If this is to be discussed at any
length, I hope it will go over until to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall not take up much time.
I would rather it should be acted on at once, for
I think the object of the resolution is a very good
one. I am not opposed to the resolution; I think
the inquiry ought to be made; but I suggest to the
Senator from Tennessee, whether, in order to ac- j
compUsh the object which he has in view, it would
not be better to direct these inquiries to the com-
mittees connected with the several Departments?
It would impose so much labor on the Finance
Committee, m addition to their other and indis-
pensable duties, that the probability is, the work ;
could not be accomplished as the Senator desires.
When we come to look into this whole subject of
reform in expenditures—take for instance the Post
Office Department—nobody can doubt but that j
some radical changes ought to be made by which
that Department should sustain itself. The idea
of its being a burden on the Treasury to the ex-
tent of six or nine million dollars a year, is mon-
strous; and yet, when we come to ascertain what
are the precisc reforms, and what should be done
m enabling that Department to accomplish this
desirable end, it is manifest the inquiry ought to
be conducted by the Post Office Committee, and
not by the Committee on Finance; because they
have not time to look into the workings ofthe De-
partments in order to make these radical changes \
at the same time that they attend to the general
appropriation bills.
Take the Army. It has been suggested, I do
not know with how much truth, but I think it
very probable, that we are subjected to a great
deal of unnecessary expense on account of the
manner in winch the Army is posted; that it is not
the duty of the Government to post the Army in :
expensive positions, where it costs a great deal of
money to transport to them the necessary supplies
for the purpose of protecting men who are intrud-
ing into the Indian country, and who can, at any
time, call for an expensive escort, and who do call '
for it when the Army is so posted. Such inqui-
ries as that ought to be left to the Military Com-
mittee; and it seems to me that it is an inquiry
which ought to be instituted.
So in regard to the expenditures for the Navy
Department. I think the knife ought to be in-
troduced there too. We ought to inquire how ;
far, in the present condition ofthe finances, we can ;
properly go on increasing the Navy. We ought to :
look to see how much it is costing us per gun upon '
thepresentnavalestablishment,and whatchanges :
can be made m order to introduce some reform ■
in these particulars. Who so fit to undertake that
inquiry as the Committee on Naval Affairs? The '
chairman of that committee has all the special ;
knowledge which is necessary for that purpose, j
The Committee on Finance have none of that !
special knowledge. I believe that if this resolu- !
tion were divided into five or six, directed to the j
appropriate committees, good would come of it; ;
but I can only say that, if the Senate send it to j
the Finance Committee, I will do the best I can |
with it. I heartily sympathize with its object; I S
agree with the views expressed by the Senator
from Tennessee; I believe there ought to be reform
in the expenditures of this Government. I think,
sir, it is monstrous that we should be expending
$74,000,000 a year. I believe that it is contrary
to the expectation of all those £and they con-
sisted of most of the members of tne Senate) who
voted for reforming the tariff a few years ago for
the purpose of cutting down the revenue. It was
done so that we might reduce the expenditures.
No man dreamed, when it was done, that if yoa
increased the expenditures, the existing tariff
could furnish revenue enough for them. It is
obvious that, if the expenditures go on at this
rate, they will soon exceed the capacity of the cus-
toms to supply the wants of the Government, and
you will be forced, whether you desire it or not,
to look to other sources of revenue. I therefore say
to the Senator from Tennessee, God speed him in
his inquiry, and I would be willing to render him
any aid in my power; but I am afraid he is mis-
taking the best means of accomplishing this pur-
pose, in sending so broad an inquiry to the Com-
mittee on Finance, who are occupied in other and
indispensable business connected with the ordi-
nary.appropriation bills which will probably take
up the whole of their time in the fifty days now
left to us. If, however, after this suggestion, he
still insists on sending it there, let it go there; but
perhaps a special committee would be better. I
know no gentleman better qualified than the Sen-
ator from Tennessee to move that committee. He
seems to have been directing his attention to that
object. I say the inquiry ought to be made, and
J will vote for it in some shape. I only desire that
it may be placed in hands competent to execute
the task which is required of it.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President,I believe'that
the whole Senate will be agreed in the principle
and object of this resolution. The only question
that can exist amongst us is how to produce the
practical result which is contemplated by the res-
olution ; that is, a reduction of the expenses of the
Government to a just and reasonable standard?
After hearing all that has been said by the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Virginia, my opinion remains
unchanged that the proper destination of this in-
quiry is to the Committee on Finance, of which
he is chairman. He suggests that because that
committee is occupied with so many labors and
duties already, it would be expedient to send the
work to be done to other committees of the Senate.
But, Mr. President, it is very clear that if what is
everybody's business is nobody's, w^at is the
business of twenty-two committees will not be
done by any or all of them. We have twenty-two
committees, and to distribute this trust among
them all, will be to defeat it, I think, altogether.
It must be in the hands of one committee, and
that a responsible one.
Again, somebody is to blame for the excessive
expenditures over and above the standard which
thePresidentrecommends,and which this resolu-
tion contemplates as being the right one. Some-
body is responsible for that excess, that extrav-
agance. It must be that it is these very commit-
tees, these twenty-two committees of the Senate,
that must bear the responsibility, so far as this
body is concerned, of thisexcess; and we can see
naturally how it occurs that each one makes its
recommendations, and introduces its bills with
reference simply to the objects which are com-
mitted to its care, and not at all to any common
standard of revenue and expenditure. To send
the inquiry, therefore, to the several committees,
is to send it to the very sources from which the
errors have already arisen, and which, perhaps,
they have no capacity whatever to correct.
Then, in regard to a select committee, I can
very well see that such a trust devolved on a se-
lect committee would be regarded as a very deli-
cate one, exposing them to a great deal of jealousy,
a great deal of suspicion, a great deal of censure;
and their report would be, probably, assailed on
all sides as prejudiced and interested and big-
oted. But the Committee on Finance, which has
got the general charge, so far as advising the Sen-
ate is concerned, of the amount of revenue which
can be brought into use, has also a general super-
vision of the whole expenses of the Government;
and it would seem to be possible for them, if it is
possible for anybody, to recommend the reduc-
tion as proposed by this resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose, sir, that, like
