1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
and faithful service in carrying the mail by the
Panama route. I do not know, for I have not
traced it, how many more hundreds of thousands
of dollars are expended in diffusing a mail by dif-
ferent routes from the Missouri river to Oregon,
and to Utah, and to New Mexico; but 1 do know
that the result of it all has been, together with
other appropriations not for the public service but
for the purpose of expenditure entirely, they have
increased the expenditures of that Department
until now they are some $3,500,000 beyond its
revenue.
Sir, this committee, under the order of the Sen-
ate's shaped by this resolution, will not go into
that inquiry; but the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads would, if you directed them; or
if you were to raise a select committee, it would
necessarily go into the legitimateexpenditures of a
Post Office Department. If that committee were
to report that those expenditures should be cur-
tailed, I appeal to that honorable Senator, and to
those around me, to know where the vote would
come from tp reduce those expenditures?
So with the Army. Our people are passing into
every foot, almost, of new territory, whether it
belongs to us or not; and there arc those who say
the army should follow to protect them after they
get there. If that be true, we can account, to a
large extent, at least, for the increasing expendi-
tures of the War Department; not because of the
administration of the War Department, but be-
cause of the appropriations volunteered by Con-
gress to protect our people when they go into
these distant and remote territories, occupied by
Indians alone, in violation of the laws of the land,
and infringing upon the rights of the Indians.
That is the course of inquiry which, if ever it can
be made—a matter which, I confess, I despair
of—may lead to cutting down the expenditures of
the Government.
I think, therefore, with all the respect which I
certainly bear to the honorable mover of the res-
olution, that his end cannot be attained by the
resolution; and perhaps it became me the more to
say what I have said, because I shall vote against
the resolution, if it is pressed in the form in which
it is presented. If it is modified, as suggested by
the honorable Senator from "Vermont, or in any
other mode that will make the inquiry one of prac-
tical use, I shall vote for it earnestly, and give
any aid m my power to carry it out.
I would call the attention of the honorable Sen-
ator from Tennessee to the bill adverted to by the
Senator from New York, {Mr. Seward,] which
is now on our table, and has passed through the
-other branch of the Legislature, i knownothow
much money will be called for by that bill—I
mean the bill pensioning everybody that took part
in the war of ]8i2. It is said! by some that it will
amount to eight million or ten million dollars. I
know it will amount to a vast deal more than an
ordinary inquiry or a casual glance at the proba-
bilities would lead us to believe. I would reter
horfor&ble Senators to a very instructive and im-
pressive lesson, read to me, at least, in reading the
leport of the Commissioner of Pensions to Con-
gress at this session, in which he has shown that
every pension bill that has passed in successive
years has overrun, in the pensions created by it,
many fold, the estimates made upon which the bill
was "based, and the estimates made by a commit-
tee raised in Congress for the purpose of making
those estimates a guide to Congress. Now, I take
it for granted, as that honorable Senator feels an
earnest desire to icduce the expenses of this Gov-
ernment, that we shall not find him or those act-
ing with him, friends to tim new, extraordinary,
ami unparalleled system that is proposed by the
hill sent to us from the other House.
There is another reason why I think this duty
should not devolve on a select committee, or the
appropriate committees ha\ing charge of the sev-
eral Departments. I should like an inquiry into
the organization of the Department of the Inte-
rior, winch came some few years ago, since I have
occupied a beat on this floor, as a cloud in the
lioiizon hardly bigger than a man's hand, and
now it overshadows the whole land in its embrace.
Tlie expenses of that Department arc enormous.
I charge this by no manner of means to the ad-
mimstuition of it, so far as I know. I doubt not
its administration is as economical as its organi-
zation will admit of; but I see large sums and small
sums appropriated herefrom year to year, against
my earnest remonstrances at least, and those of a
very few others, and administered through that
Department, not for any beneficial purposes of
government, but as alms to the people, until you
have taught the people almost to expect that they
are to be fed by the crumbs which fall from the
table of the Federal Government. The inquiry of
the honorable Senator will not reach that, because
it is not directed to if; but if you devolve it upon
an appropriate standing committee of the Senate,
or raise a select committee charged with the whole
duty, and require them to look into the organiza-
tion of that Department, as well as all the rest, we
might possibly reorganize it in such a way as to
show to the Government, or what is more impor-
tant, expose to the States, the unauthorized, im-
provident, wasteful, corrupting expenditures that
are fastening themselves upon the Government
from year to year, and that by the vote of the two
Houses of Congress. ♦
Sir, there is one item, and a very small one in
amount, because it does not reach now one hun-
dred thousand dollars, according to my recollec-
tion, but it is an exemplar of a great many of a
larger amount which the inquiry of the honorable
Senator cannot reach—I mean the $70,000 appro-
priated at the last session for the purchase of seeds,
garden seeds and flower seeds, corn, wheat, and
Heaven knows what all, to be distributed as
bounty to the people—voted by this Senate against
remonstrance in debate on the floor. That is one
of a class, a small one of its kind, but to me the
most opprobrious amongst them.
I did not rise to detain the Senate, and I do not
mean to go into a debate; but I apxm respectfully
ask the honorable Senator from Tennessee either
to modify lus resolution, or permit it to be modi-
fied in such a way as to attain his ends.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 would ask
the Senator what modification he proposes.
Mr. MASON, i have very great reluctance to
interfere with the plan of the Senator from Ten-
nessee; but I Tgould submit to him either charge
each standing committee of the Senate with its
appropriate inquiry, or to raise a select commit-
tee charged with the whole.
Mr. STUART. I have an amendment which
I propose to offer to this resolution, and I am
willing to modify it in any form to suit the hon-
orable mover or the Senate; but my attention was
called to it by the suggestion made by the Sena-
tor from Mississippi. My purpose is to strike
out these words: " all abuses in the application
of the appropriations made by Congiess,"and to
insert " the expenditures;*5 so that, as amended,
it will read:
"To iepoit a bill refoimmijn^f.ini5! possible the oxprndi-
turestor tiie support of lhu vanou  Depaitment^, and which
will io<iuee the e\penae^ to an honest, itgnl, economical
adimni^tiation of the Government."
The resolution as it reads would seem to indi-
cate that the object of the reformation is abuses '
in the expenditures authorized by Congress, in i
the application of the money. To that the Sena- j
tor from Mississippi objected: and that is not m-!
tended by the honorable mover of thoresolution. j
But as I said, to carry out that idea J shall agree i
to anything. I only wish to say a few woids; •
because the ideas I entertain on this subject have j
been well expressed by the Senator from New
York, and the Senator from Gcoigia,and others. 1
I think the Committee on finance is the appro- j
priate committee, because it has all these subjects |
legularly and steadily before if; and while, as the !
honorable Senator from Maine said, it is their
duty to make appropriations to cany out existing
laws, yet it will be equally their duty, if they think
the law unnecessary, to recommend us repeal, to
recommend its modification; and to do this con-
tinually, from time to time, until the end is effected.
It is not the work of a day,northe workofases-
sion, and when Senators say it cannot be accom-
plished at this session,, it is true ; but a part of it
can—something can be done. Something can be
done in reference to every single appropriation
that is excessive, and the very idea suggested by
the honorable Senator from Virginia j Air. Mason*]
can also be reached. If there arc supernumera-
ries m a Department, they can be struck olf by
law; but the Committee on Finance, of all otners,
is that committee which is constantly advised, at
this session and at e\eiy successive session, of
where there is an excess in the expenditures of
the Government.
But again, sir, if I may use the term, it has more
moral power in this body than any other com-
mittee, or any other five committees. That is an
advantage." - When that committee comes in as
the financial organ of this body and reports a
measure or a combination of measures to reduce
the expenditures of this Government, it has a
moral power here which would notbe had by any
select committee that could be raised.
Again, it is suggested that we must either in-
crease the tariff or reduce the expenditures. I
suggest with great deference, that in my judgment
we shall have to do both. I thought at the time
when the last tariff act was passed, that itwould
not raise revenue enough; but whether I am right
or wrong, that very proposition will be in a meas-
ure demonstrated by carrying out the object in-
tended by the resolution offered by the Senator
from Tennessee. By progressing from time to
time in these reductions, we shall learn upon how
small a basis of appropriation the Government
can be administered, and we shall in the mean-
time learn how much of revenue this tariff will
raise. Thus we shall gradually approach that
very point which we all desire to reach, which
will enable us to determine how much the tariff
is to be increased, and how much the expendi-
tures can be reduced, and I hope to see it com-
menced to-day on this resolution—not to over-
burden the Finance Committee, not to refer to that
committee what does not legitimately belong to
it, but to signify that the sense of the Senate is
that they will aid that committee in all the reduc-
tions which it may recommend in the expendi-
tures of this Government in every department.
If they wish a reduction in the expenditures of
the Anny they can consult the chairman of the
Military Committee, or any other gentleman who,
like him, understands that subject. So of the
Navy.
But there is an objection which has been sug-
gested by Senators against referring to the very
committee that asks for expenditures, and asks
often, perhaps, for unnecessary expenditures, the
subject of reducing the expenditures. They can
furnish you information; they will furnish you
information; the heads of the Departments will
furnish you information; the President will. But
the Committee on Finance, I say again, (and it is
all I desire to say,) can better carry out the sense
of the Senate and the country on this question
than any other standing committee of the body,
or any special committee which can be raised.
I hope that the suggestions I have made in the
way of amending the resolution, will be agreed
to. They will obviate the objection made by the
honorable Senator from Mississippi. They will
make the inquiry broad, which is the object of
the mover of the resolution, and will not carry
with it any intimation of malappropriation of
money against any Department.
Mr. DAVIS. I ihink the amendment suggested
by the Senator from Michigan would certainly be
an improvement, because it would not restrict the
committee in its field of inquiry. Though I con-
cur very much in the remarks made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, 1 tlnnk he either misappre-
hended what I meant, or misapprehended the case
iiself, in his jeply to my reference to a particular
subject bv way of illustration. To follow the
illustration one step further, I will tell him that I
meant more than I said, supposing that he would
understand all I meant. The treaties are made,
as he says. They are made, however, by a De-
partment not having charge of the Indians when
an outbreak occurs. The Indians do not then
feel any relation to the military branch of the
Government; they are not under the advice of the
military officer; the intercourse with them cannot
be lestramed by him; and I have known it even
to occur that when a military expedition was in
progress against a paiticular tribe of Indians, the
Interior Department were sending supplies con-
taining the very munitions of war to those same
Indians, and had to be arrested by military au-
thority.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Under this
Administration?
Mr. DAVIS. Not under this Administration.
The case i refer to is the ease of the Indians on
the upper Missoan, when General Hainey was
marching against them from the Platte river—a
case, I think, which the Senator from Arkansas
will recollect,
