1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
In the next place, much increase in cost has
grown out of the increased bulk of mail matter.
Senators.will be surprised to learn that the aver-
age amount of free mail matter to be transported
in the mails of the United States, which leaves
the city of Washington alone, amounts <to an
average of two hundred and seventy-five tons a
month. Nearly ten tons a day of printed free
matter leaves the single post office in the City of
Washington, necessarily requiring a very large
addition to the cost, both in the mode of convey-
ance and in the frequency of trips necessary to
accommodate it.
Then another reason for the greatly-enhanced
expenditure within the last few years, has been
the improved service rendered necessary by the
legislation of Congress. By the necessary effect
of the legislation ruling the subject, the Depart-
ment is obliged to put a mail on every railroad
which is put in operation; and the increased cost
of service upon railroad and steamboat, together
■with the large expenditure for the supply of our
Territories, accounts for most of the excess of
expenditure which has grown up within the last
few years. That Senators may appreciate the dif-
ference in the cost of the service, which has re-
sulted from the improved service rendered neces-
sary by the demands of the public, and by the
legislation of Congress, I have prepared a state-
ment which will exhibit at a glance the change
that has occurred within the last ten years. In
1848, the annual transportation by steamboat and
railroad was 3,889,053 miles per annum. In 1858,
that mode of service had grown to 30,333,000
miles, being an increase of tenfold, as compared
with 1848. The increase in other modes of con-
veyance, (coach and horseback service,) during
that period, was only once and a half. While one
had increased tenfold, the inferior modes of ser-
vice had increased only once and a half, to wit,
from thirty-two million and a fraction to forty-
eight million and a fraction. It is not only the
increased expense rendered necessary for this im-
proved mode of service by railroad and steam
which increases the expedition, security, and reg-
ularity of the mails, but there are very large ad-
ditional expenditures rendered necessary by that
peculiar mode of service. Out of that mode of
service has grown the necessity for route agents,
for most of the mail messengers, and for local
agents, which have grown from almost nothing
in 1848 to a sum of §576,000 in 1858, nearly the
whole of which is chargeable to the increase in
railroad and steamboat service, and mainly in the
railroad service. That Senators may see at a
glance how much of this is owing to the increase
of service on railroads instead of steamboats, I
will mention that, in 1848, the number of miles of
railroad service in operation was 4,957, while in
1858 it was 24,431, an increase of nearly 20,000
within the last ten years; and the cost of railroad
service has grown from $641,267, in 1848, to
$3,414,665, in 1858. That the Senate may still
better understand the increased cost which is due
to this advance in the improved modes of service,
I have here a statement, including the cost both
of steamboat and railroad service combined,
which, in 1848, was $846,211, as compared with
$4,062,207 in 1858.
I have thus accounted, by the improved and
more costly service, by the extended area of that
service, and by the great quantity of free matter
which passes through the mails, for nearly six
million of the increased expenditure of the De-
partment within the last ten years.
Mr. TOOMBS. No doubt the figures of the
Senator are accurate as to the increased transpor-
tation, by railroad at present, over 1848; but does
he allow for the first-class stage service which the
railroads superseded.
Mr. YULEE. I have not overlooked that.
Mr. TOOMBS. If an allowance were made for
that, I do not think the difference would be as
great; for, on the main line, for instance, from
here to New Orleans, you do not pay the rail-
roads any more than you paid the first-class stage
loutes.
Mr. YULEE. TheScnatorisgreatlymistaken;
and, as an instance of the difference of the cost
of stage and railroad transportation, I will take
the route between Cumberland and Wheeling.
That was' one of the most important stage routes.
Previous to the construction of the railroad, al-
though there was a twice daily service by coach
on that route, which was not necessary on any
other coach route in the United States, it cost us,
one kalf less than the service by railroad, which
is now done upon it. The cost upon that route
alone has been doubled, and more than doubled,
by the transfer from stages to railroads; and that
was one of the only routes in the United States
upon which a twice-daily coach service was put.
There are not more than one half the routes which
are now covered by railroads, where coach ser-
vice would have been necessary, or, if necessary,
more than three times a week, or, upon which
coach service existed in advance of the railroads,
more than three times a week. '
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to know from the Sen-
ator if he has made an allowance for the simple
difference between coach and railroad service on
the same routes? for I know that on many routes
it remained the same.
Mr. YULEE. It may be so in a few instances,
but not many. Of course, the cost of inferior
modes is to be deducted from the account of the
cost of the improved service, if it wefe necessary
or important to strike an accurate balance. But it
is not material to the purpose I have in view. I ana
showing, in a general way, the causes which have
necessarily swollen the expenditures of the De-
partment. Undoubtedly it will be evident that a
very large part of the increased expense is due
to improved modes of services which the law has
obliged, and to increased extent of the area over
which the service is spread.
The fourth cause of increase is owing to the
change in the useful value of money. The cost
of all descriptions of service, of coach service, of
horse service,and every other service rendered to
the Department, has increased nominally with
the change in the value of money. Horses have
increased in value; their feed has increased in
value; labor has increased in value; the cost of all
the materials of service has increased; and with
this, of course, there has necessarily been an in-
crease in the charge of the service which the De-
partment requires, and which has been growing
at every successive lettingforthe last six oreight
years. This has also been one of the causes of
increase in the expenditure of the Department,
as compareS with the receipts, which all the time,
as I shall show presently, since 1851, have been
stationary.
Now we propose to bring to a nearerequaliza-
tion the expenditures and receipts of the Depart-
ment. I do not propose, nor does the committee
propose, to make the'Department altogether self-
sustaining. Down to the year 1851 it was so.
From 1790, in which year we have the first re-
liable returns, (when its expenditures and receipts
amounted only to about thirty thousand dollars,)
down to 1851, the receipts of the Post Office De-
partment exceeded its total expenditures. From
1790 down to 1840, there was an excess of over
a million in the receipts. In the succeeding pe-
riod, from 1840 to 1851, the expenditures exceeded
the receipts a trifle—some two or three hundred
thousand dollars; not more. H is only since 1851
that the expenditures have began to grow beyond
the receipts. It is evident that, in the beginning,
the contemplation of the Government was, that
the Department should be self-sustaining. In the
Articles of Confederation, in that article which
conferred upon the Confederation the power to
control the postal business between the States, the
terms used indicate a purpose to make it self-
sustaining; for the power is conferred of'' exact-
ing such postage on the papers passing through
the same, as may be requisite to defray the ex-
penses of an office." This evidently manifested
■an intention and expectation that the establish-
ment would sustain itself; and upon that idea the
Government reasonably rested, down to a late pe-
riod. Even the large acquisition resulting from
the annexation of Texas, was borne without se-
rious effect upon the postal arrangements. But,
when we came to add the vast acquisitions under
the two Mexican treaties, so large a part of which
is wilderness, necessary to be traversed in con-
ducting postal intercourse between the populated
parts, it became necessary that we should depart,
in some degree, from the idea of requiring those
who used the mails to support entirely the charge
of transportation. I consider that at least two
millions for that service, and about a million for
the free matter, ought to be repaid from the Treas-
ury, andshould not be charged upon those who
use the mails. But the cost of improved service
by railroad and steamboat, and the cost resulting
from the change in the useful value of money, ap-
propriately falls upon those who use the mails;
and we propose, with that view, to'raise the rates
of postage moderately. So fit as the-service .to
the Pacific is concerned, it is reasonable that we
should pay for a portioh of that from the Treas-
ury. So far as the increased cdst resulting from
free matter is concerned, we propose to remedy
that by requiring the Government to pay for the
use of the mails, and that purpose is effected by
abolishing the franking privilege.
The increased rate of postage, which is deemed
necessary and proper to be charged'upon the in-
creased and improved service by railroad and
steamboat,.is most complained of by gentlemen
who represent constituencies from the northern
States. They, least of all, should complain. We
propose to charge them only a reasonably advanced
rate of postage for a largely increased improve-
ment in the service, and it so happens that much
the larger part of the cost rendered necessary by
the increased use of railroad and steamboat,"falls
north of Mason and Dixon's line, and belongs to
that portion of the country which is most densely
populated. It is there that the railroad lines are
most rapidly extended, and that the commercial
necessities of a dense population have rendered ne-
cessary an increased service. A large part of the
increased cost for railroad and steamboat service,
including the cost of route agents and other agen-
cies rendered necessary by that mode of service,
falls north of the line of Mason and Dixon, and
thus belongs to that portion of the country which
seems most warmly opposed to the reform rates
of charge proposed in this bill.
Mr. BIGLER. I dispute that.
Mr. YULlSE. As evidence of it, of about two
thousand route and local agents and mail messen-
gers, there are not more than about three hundred
who are employed in the southern and south-
western States. The railroad service is almost
in equally disproportioned ratio.
Mr. President, we should still have been able
to get along very well with all these improvements
in the service if we had adhered to the act of 1845',
which reduced the postages to a reasonable rate,
and which was rapidly enough increasing the re-
ceipts of the Department to meet the growing
wants of the country. At this day, under the
operation of that act, the postal receipts of the
Department would have been, instead of the small
amount they now are, about $10,000,000 a year.
The fault was in the act of 1851, which may be
considered to have broken down the postal sys-
tem. Senators will be surprised to learn that the
receipts under the act of 1851 have only increased
in the year 1858 $94,000 beyond what they were
in the year 1851, the last year of the operation of
the act of 1845. The income of the Post Office
Department in 1851, under the act of 1845, was
$5,880,311. Under the operation of theactofl851,
the total receipts in 1858 amounted to $5,974,000,
being only $94,000 in excess of the income of
1851, the last year under the act of 1845.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman inform
me what is the comparative amount of income
when the act had gone fully into operation, say
1853, as compared with 1857 or 1858?
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator from Florida
be kind enough to repeat the sum total of the post-
ages on letters for 1858, as stated by him ?
Mr. YULEE. The sum total of 1858 is
$5,974,000, and a fraction.
Mr. DIXON. I have a statement here from
the Department very different from that, show-
ing $6,632,782 28 as the receipts in 1858, from
postage on letters.
Mr. YULEE. That statement was copied
from a statement which was in my possession,
furnished from the Post Office Department.
Mr. DIXON. It was.
Mr. YULEE. But when I came to analyze it
I found it to be entirely delusive, because they
had added in the totals of that table all the re-
ceipts from foreign postage, which amounted ijn
the last year to near a million dollars. That is
the reason of the difference. It contains items
which do not belong to the receipts, under the
postage act of 1851.
Mr. DIXON. That was also included in the
statement of 1851, was it not ?
