1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1295
or six and a half million dollars, the honorable
Senator will have rendered a very great service to
the country, which, I am sure, the country and
those who are interested in its welfare will cheer-
fully acknowledge. I do not know how it has
been with other Senators, but it has been impos-
sible for me to understand the arcana; for the
working of the Post Office Department to those
who are obliged to look at the outside, as I am,
presents a series of arcana—secret machinery. I
do not mean to say there is anything clandestine,
or to use the word in any offensive sense; but the
machine is too great, too complicated, too rami-
fied to enable me to comprehend it, without more
time than I have been able to devote to it. The
result is shown, as stated by the honorable Sen-
ator, that, since 1851, the burden of the Post Of-
fice Department has been thrown from the shoul-
ders of those who ought to bear it, those who are
interested in correspondence, upon the Federal
Treasury, and that it has gone on progressively
increasing, until now it has, become actually an
incubus, and one of very great and serious im-
portance. I know, other Senators know, that a
great part of this burden has resulted from the
transmission of free matter in consequence of the
franking privilege. I will cheerfully go, anxiously
go, for the recommendation of the committee to
abolish the franking privilege out and out. 1
never understood that it was a privilege in the
proper sense of that term, that it was any perqui-
site of any kind given to the members of Con-
gress; but it was believed originally that it would
be for the advantage of their constituents to en-
able"them to receive and transmit mail matter
free; but see to what it has grown. I do not en-
tertain a doubt that, if it could be traced through
all the minute ramifications that extend from one
quarter to another, connecting the franking privi-
lege with the public printing, we should find that
if this whole system of transmitting public docu-
ments free under the manual of members of Con-
gress could be abolished, we should cut off at
once, not only a source of great expenditure, but
of corruptive expenditure in the system of public
printing.
I go, therefore, cheerfully and anxiously for
cutting down the franking privilege to its root,
never to rise again; but I am utterly opposed to
one feature in these amendments: that giving to
the members of Congress a commutation either
in stamps or in money. I have heard it proposed
in some quarters, to give money, i am opposed
to giving any commutation at all, in any form or
shape; and it is the less necessary now, because
by this new system, and I think a very correct
system, requiring all mail matter to be prepaid,
if it imposes any burden on members of Congress,
I suspect it will be comparatively slight, for the
letters that come to them must be prepaid, and the
letters that they send let them pay themselves. I
do not know what the burden will be, but I suspect
there are few who from moneyed ability are less
able to bear it than I am, but I am cheerfully
willing to bear it. 1 shall pay as others for my
letters when I send them; but it would be invid-
iously looked upon, if, while we are abolishing
the franking privilege in form, we are reserving
to ouiselves any pecunium in fact. I believe the
proposition is that members of Congress shall
have postage stamps to the value of $150 a year.
I do not, know what the experience of other Sen-
ators may have been, but I should doubt whether
the charge that would devolve on me, even under
the improved system of postage, would amount
to one half of that sum; but be that as it may, I
do not think the reservation is worth the misin-
terpretation which would attach to it, and there
would be very great misinterpretation if we re-
served to ourselves, while professing to dispense*
with a privilege, an actual moneyed commutation
in place of it; for post office stamps are in fact
money. I will move, at the proper time, if no
other Senator does, to strike out the provision
which gives that commutation.
Mr. HALE. I wish to proposean amendment
totheamendmcntof theSenatorfrom Connecticut.
I understand the motion of the Senator is to strike
out the first nine sections of the amendment of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No further
amendment now will be in order until the amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut has been
disposed of.
Mr. HALE. May I not call for a division of
that motion to amend? 1 believe it is divisible.
I ask for a division of it, so that I may have a
vote, in the first place, upon the motion to strike
out the ninth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
now is. to strike out the first nine sections of the
amendment, and insert what has been proposed
by the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. HALE I know it; and I call for a di-
vision of that motion, so that we may first have
the vote on-striking out the ninth section alone.
He moves to strike o*u the first nine sections. I
ask simply to so divide the question that we shall
take a vote on striking out the ninth section by
itself.
Mr. REID. I suggest to the Senator from
New Hampshire, that a motion to strike out and
insert is not divisible; but a motion to strike out
and insert one thing does not preclude any sub-
sequent motion to strike out and insert another.
The question upon striking out and inserting is
not divisible.
Mr. HALE. I think, if the Chair will look at
the question, he will see that the point of order
of the Senator from North Carolina is not well
taken. A motion to strike out and insert is not
divisible in the sense of dividing the striking out
from the insertion; but it is divisible in the way
in which I propose to divide it. The rule is, that
a motion to strike out and insert shall not be di-
vided; that is to say, you shall not first take a
vote on striking out, and then on inserting; but
being a motion to amend, it is divisible in this
way, and is not liable to the exception taken. If
there is any doubt about it, I will take the ruling
of the Chair on it; but I think there cannot be any.
Mr. YULEE. I suggest that we have hardly
reached a point at which the issue presented by
the Senator from New Hampshire is in a condi-
tion for decision by the Chair. I take it, the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia is first
in order. The motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut is, to strike out the first nine sections and
insert his proposition. Amendments to those nine
sections are first in order, that they may be put
in the best condition in which the friends of the
measure can place it, before the question is taken
on the motion to strike out. Now, the motion of
the Senator from Virginia is to strike out the sec-
ond section, which, if stricken out, may incline
him favorably to retain the remainder of the nine
sections as they stand. It will be proper, there-
fore, I presume, first, to take the question on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia, and the ques-
tion upon any other amendments which look to
the perfection of the nine sections proposed to be
stricken out.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire calls for a division of the question. 1 wish
to offer an amendment, which is to strike out the
first eight sections, something less than the Sena-
tor from Connecticut proposes to strike out;and,
therefore, I suppose it may with propriety be
considered before his proposition.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE. I have not yielded the floor ex-
cept to a question of order.
Mr. MASON. It is upon that question that I
wish to say a word.
Mr, HALE. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I suppose all will agree with the
chairman of the Post Office Committee, that in par-
liamentary proceedings, for convenience and dis-
patch of business, a proposition to amend by
modifying the subject-matter is to be entertained
before a proposition to strike out the whole, so
that my motion to strike out the second section
Ought to take precedence, and will take prece-
dence, either of the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire, or that of the Senator from
Connecticut, who move to strike out what I pro-
pose to modify.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairwill
entertain any motion to amend or modify either
of the nine sections before taking the question on
striking them out.
Mr. MASON. I propose, then, to amend by
striking out the second section, which relates to
giving members of Congress a certain number of
stamps.
Mr. IVERSON. What is the question before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion offered by the Senator from Con-
necticut to amend the amendment reported by
the committee. That motion being to amend the
amendment by striking out the. first nine sections,
and inserting the section which,he proposes, the
Senator from .New Hampshire moved to amend
those nine sections by striking out the ninth see-,
tion only. Now the Senator from Virginia moves
to strike out the second section.
Mr. MASON. I suppose that is the first ques-
tion before the Senate, on striking out the second
section.
Mr. IVERSON. I merely asked what was the
question; and now, before I proceed with some
remarks which I wish to submit to the Senate, I
desire to inquire of the Chair whether it is in
order to move a substitute for the whole bill*
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that it would not now be in order.
Mr. IVERSON. Then, I give notice that at a
proper time I will move to substitute the bill which
I originally introduced in the early part of the ses-
sion, for the amendment reported by the commit-
tee, having reference to the franking privilege.
Mr. YULEE. Then it is a substitute for the
first six sections.
Mr. IVERSON. My original proposition, as
the Senate will probably remember, introduced
some time in the month of January,and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
simply was to abolish the franking privilege of
members of Congress, and substitute for that
privilege $150 in postage stamps, to be delivered
to each member of Congress at the commence-
ment of each session of Congress. That was my
bill. It was a plain and simple one, and con-
tained only two provisions; one was to abolish
the franking privilege, so far as it extended to
members of Congress, not interfering with the
franking privilege in other Departments or per-
sons; another was to substitute, in lieu of the
franking privilege, #150 in postage stamps to each
member of Congress. Upon the subject of abol-
ishing the franking privilege to members of Con-
gress, and the substitution of #150 in postage
stamps, I have a few words to submit to the Senate.
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Reid]
said, a little while since, that nothing was gained
by abolishing the franking privilege of members
of Congress, and substituting $150 in stamps. I
think if the Senator will reflect a little and look
at the statistics in this case, he and the Senate
will come to the conclusion thatavast amount of
public money will be saved by the proposition.
If the franking privilege of members of Congress
is abolished, and they have #150 in stamps, they
will then only use that much. If they should send
any more mail matter than #150 would come to,
they will have to pay it out of their own pockets.
Now, sir, is that #150 an unreasonable amount to
give to members of Congress? I hold that m the
discharge of our public duties here, we ought not
to be burdened with carrying on a correspond-
ence with our constituents. I believe, on the other
hand, it is not proper or just that we should bur-
den our constituents with the expense of carry-
ing on their correspondence with their represent-
atives in Congress. I would leave open the door
to the constituency to approach members of Con-
gress to the fullest possible extent. 1 would make
Representatives antrt>enators in Congress acces-
sible to their constituency through every possible
avenue. They have a large amount of individual
interest and business to be transacted in the city
of Washington, and they write to us here to trans-
act their business m "the Departments. They
write to us to transact the business in which they
are interested in Congress. They write to us upon
political questions, and questions involving the
public welfare, and I would permit them to come
to the Representatives and Senators fully and
freely, whether they desire to instruct them as to
business, or advise them in relation to the politi-
cal affairs of the country. 1 would not, therefore,
restrict the constituency from free and full access
to members of Congress. Let them have the
franking privilege to that extent.
That being the case, I propose to leave that
subject as it is; to let all letters, which do not
weigh more than two ounces, according to the
present law, dnected to members of Congress,
come free to them, without taxing the constitu-
ency with the burden of this postage. I think
that is just and fair; but I do not think it reason-
