1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24.
able and just that the representatives should be
taxed with the expense of responding to these
communications which they receive from their
constituents. This is extra duty. It is not one
of the duties which ordinarily would be imposed
upon a representative in the office which he has
been elected to fill. He comes here to discharge
public duties; to discharge duties of legislation;
not to carry on a correspondence, or to discharge
the business which individual constituents may
have in relation to the offices of the various De-
partments, or in cases of claims, or other things
passing to the Halls of Congress.
Now, sir, 1 think that a reasonable amount of
these postage stamps ought to be given to each
member of Congress to cover the expenses of this
correspondence, which necessarily they are com-
pelled to carry on with their constituents, and I
put it at $150. The Senator from Virginia thinks
that too large an amount. That may or may not
be the case. I am willing to reduce it. If it be
considered too much, let it be reduced; but let at
least a sufficient amount of postage stamps be
given to each member of Congress to cover that
expense which he must necessarily incur in cor-
respondence with his constituents. So far as the
amount is concerned, 1 have merely to say, that
$150 m stamps will pay for five thousand letters
at three cents a letter, and pay for three thousand
at five cents, which is the amount to which it is
now proposed to raise the postage by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I de-
sire to know whether .five thousand is more let-
ters than members of Congress generally write
during twelve months, to their constituents. 1
apprehend my correspondence is much more lim-
ited than that of many Senators upon this floor,
and yet I undertake to say 1 do not myself write
on an average, for the three hundred business
days of the year, less than five a day; and, dur-
ing the session of Congress, 1 write many mote
than that. Jt is probable that my correspondence
would extend to eight or ten letters daily, and
does, on an average, during the sessions of Con
gross. I have not the least doubt that there are
Senators on this floor, and members of the House
of Representatives, who write double or treble
that number a day, either by themselves or clerks;
so that, in the course of the year, members of
Congress aie not called upon to write less than
from three thousand to five thousand letters.
But if it should be consideied that three thou-
sand is too high an estimate of the number of let-
ters wutten, tedueo the amount of stamps pro-
posed to be allowed. I am not particular about
that. I only desire to ascertain what is a fair
average amount that each Senatorand Represent-
ative is compelled to wnte to his constituents m
the correspondence which arises betwixt them,
and then cover that by postage stamps to thatex-
tent. It $150 is considered as too ntuch, reduce
it to $100; but I insist that the amount of ex-
pense to which mctnbeis of Congress are sub-
jected by this correspondence ought to be borne
by the public, and not taken out of the pockets
of members. It is an extra service which they
are called upon to perform, and, in my opinion,
the Government ought to pay for it; the constitu-
ents ought to pay lor it, and not the individual
members of Congress. In this way, Mr. Presi-
dent, I would leave the doonopen entirely for all
communication and intercourse between the rep-
lesentative and the constituency. J would, on
the one hand, fi ee the constituent and let h im come
to Congress, and to the members from his State
or elsewhere, and em respond as openly and as
freely and as fully as he chose to do; and I would,
on the other hand, relieve the member of Con-
gress from the burden of responding to those
communications. I think that is just, fair, and
proper.
Now, if we adopt the practice of giving to mem-
bers of Congress this commutation of postage
stamps, what would it save? The Senator fiom
North Carolina says it will save nothing
I will
proceed to make some suggestions how I think
it will save a very large amount of public money.
The one hundred or one hundred and fifty dol-
lars which is given in postage stamps, cover only
their wntten correspondence. It will not be suf-
ficient to cover the vast amount of public docu-
ments which have been pruned by order of
Congress, and heretofore distributed through the
mails under the frank of members of Congress.
When members come to pay the postage on the
large books which they send out to their con-
stituents, none of them will go for printing one of
those volumes. It would effectually put a stop
to this tremendous abuse of public printing
which has involved so heavy an expense to the
Government, and which has become an absolute
and unconditional nuisance.
According to the report of the Superintendent
of Public Printing, made at the commencement of
this session, there was expended for printing for
the first session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
the sum of $932,299 56, by the two Houses. The
printing expenses of the second session of the last
Congress were $654,107 68. The printing for the
first session of the present Congress (the Thirty-
Fifth Congress) for the two Houses, amounted
to $496,611) 25. Now, sir, the largest portion of
these printing expenses, nine dollars out of ten of
the printing expenses of these iaige and enorm-
ous amounts, originated in the publication of
large volumes which Congress ordered to be
printed for distribution. Perry's Japan expedi-
tion, Pacific railroad report, of which we have
now some nine, or ten, or a dozen volumes; the
coast survey, and various other volumes; and
Congress now, I believe, have come to the con-
clusion that these are great and extravagant ex-
penditures, and ought to be put a stop to. They
never will be put a stop to, until you compel mem-
bers of Congress to pay the expense of transport-
ing them through the mails. When you do that,
you will never get a dozen votes in either House
for printing these books. In that way I think I
respond to the Senator from North Carolina, that
a very large amount of public expense will be
saved in printing. The abuse of printing large
volumes will be stopped, when we come to com-
pel members of Congress to pay the expense of
postage. The $150 that I propose, or $100, if
gentlemen think the other sum too much, is not
more than sufficient to cover the expense of writ-
ten correspondence," the letters which weigh only
two ounces, and now go under the franking priv-
ilege of members of Congress. This proposition
would effectually cutoff all abuses of public print-
ing, of which we have heard so much, and very
properly, from every section of the country.
But, sir, it would save a very large amount in
another way. Even in the cost of envelopes and
wrapping paper, which are used to wrap up these
public documents and speeches of members of
Congress that they now send out under the frank-
ing privilege, there would be a large amount of
saving. Sir, how many speeches or public doc-
uments do you suppose were sent out from the
folding-room of the Senate of the United States
during the last Congress—the Thirty-Fourth
Congress ? I have received from the foldmg-room
a statement which shows that the number of
pamphlets and newspapers containing speeches,
reports, &c., received in the folding-room during
the Thirty-Fourth Congress, for the use of Sen-
ators, was three million and eighty thousand.
Three million and eighty thousand documents
were received in the foldmg-room of the Senate
of the United States for the use of Senators, and
there folded at the expense of the Government
and sent out under the frank of Senators; and
when we come to take into consideration a simi-
lar amount in the House of Representatives, the
probability is that not less than ten million pub-
lic documents were sent out during the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, under the franking privilege.
Why, sir, the expense of envelopes, which cost
$3 90 per thousand, according to the report of the
( stationer to me, for these ten million, would cost
! a large amount of money. If we were to abolish
the franking privilege, and substitute only a com-
mutation in stamps sufficient to cover necessary
correspondence, all this expense, even, of envel-
opes would be saved by the operation.
But, sir, there is another view of this case. You
not only save the expense of the envelopes, which
j| is a not small item in itself—I have not made
j! the calculation, and cannot, therefore, state it in
,, figures, but any Senator can perceive that it is a
\ heavy expense. You not only cut off that by
! this policy, but you cut off the expenses of cm-
I ployes in the folding-rooms, who are kept con-
; stanfly engaged from one end of the year to the
: other," folding documents for the use of Senators
I and members. Let me tell you a fact, which I
I understand to be true. During the last presiden-
tial canvass almost every document and speech
and electioneering document, which was sent out
by Senators and Representatives, and by the ex-
ecutive committees of the two parties in this city,
were folded either at the folding-room of the Sen-
ate or the House of Representatives at the public
expense; and as an instance of the enormous
amount sent out upon that occasion, I will state
what one of the executive committee of the Dem-
ocratic party stated to me. He told me that they
had sent to the State of Pennsylvania alone, one
million five hundred thousand electioneering doc-
uments. One million five hundred thousand doc-
uments were sent out by the executive Demo-
cratic committee, all of which were folded in the
folding-room of either one branch or the other of
this Government at the expense of the United
States.
If the executive committee of the Democratic
party used this enormous amount, and abused the
privilege which has been conferred upon the offi-
cers of this House, what amount do you suppose
was sent out by the Republican committee? Why,
sir, they had here, 1 understand, a large corps of
persons folding for that committee, and distribut-
ing these documents broadcast throughout the
land during the whole recess anterior to the presi-
dential election. This proposition carried out,
would save all this corruption. I call it nothing
less but corruption; using the power and the
money of the Government to send out election-
eering pamphlets which arc to affect presidential
elections. This would put an end to that. Nearly
all these documents were sent out under the franks
of members of Congiess. The two parties Jcept
members of Congress—their executive commit-
tees—of both Houses on the spot during the re-
cess to frank these documents to be distributed
amongst the people. 1 understand that to be true.
If that was not true as to the Republican party,
they can respond. I do not state it upon my own
authority, or my own knowledge; but I appre-
hend nobody will deny the fact.
Well, sir, to that extent, at least, the policy
which I propose will save to the Government a
very large amount of very useless and unneces-
sary expenditure. , It will save the employment
of individuals here to fold these documents, and
it will save the expense of folding them. It will
save the expense of envelopes, and the wrapping
paper which goes around them. But it will save
another very large amount. What amount of
postage do you suppose has been exhausted by
Senators and Representatives in Congress for tho
purpose of sending out their speeches and others,
during the last session of Congress ? Why, sir, I
hold in my hand a statementfrom the superintend-
ent of our folding-room, showing what amount
of speeches were sent out during the last session
of the present Congress by Senators, all of which
were folded in the folding-room of the Senate at
the expense of the Government, and sent out un-
der the frank of Senators themselves. If each
one of these pamphlets or speeches had been
charged three cents, how much do you suppose
would have been saved to the Post Oifice Depart-
ment? I will read the document. I will read it,
not only for the information of Senators, but for
the information of the American people. Mr.
Allen sent out three hundred. However, I will
not read it. I will only read the largest numbers.
Perhaps it may not be considered altogether del-
icate m me to leave any one out, or to state any.
I will, therefore, simply say, that they go from
three hundred up to three hundred and forty-five
thousand four hundred. [" Read it."] While
one Senator sent out three hundred, another Sen-
ator actually sent three hundred and forty-five
thousand four hundred political speeches from
the folding-room of the Senate.
Several Senators. Read the list.
Mr. IVERSON. I will read it, as there seems
to be a general wish to hear it:
Number oj pamphlets and newspapers containing speeches,
reports, rcccivcd and folded <?urin% the year ending
December 12,1858. in the SenateJoLdm^-room, for t/ieuse
of Senatoi s :
Mr. Allen *  300
Mr. Havard  1«>00
Mr. Boh    1,100
Mr. Benjamin  11.150
Mr. Bialer  53 900
Mr. Buglit  10-5.050
Mr. Bioderick  H5,-150
Mr. Brown  18.600
Mi. Cameron..     10;3i0
