1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
taken from the office by these means. This much
will be saved by the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege, and the substitution of Post Office stamps
in lieu of that privilege.
Mr. President, I have said a great deal more
than I intended to have said. I know that the
Senate wishes an economy of time, and therefore
I will close by stating that at the proper time I
will move this proviso to the bill; that is to say,
if the report of the Post Office Committee be
adopted, 1 desire to insert this proviso:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall extend to letters
not weighing more than two ounces, addressed to members j
of Congress, and mailed during the session of Congress;
and all such letters shall be free of postage.
Mr. REID. Mr. President, there is but little
difference in profession between the Senator from
Georgia and myself. The Senator from Georgia
says he desires to cat off the franking privilege.
I have no objection to that, but, upon the con-
trary, am disposed to go with him. I desire, j
however, if 1 do it at all, to do it completely and j
effectually. The gentleman from Georgia desires !
to do it to a particular extent; and there he leaves j
it, with just enough of the old leaven to build up [
your franking privilege, before the close of (he j
next Congress, just as large as it was daring this
Congress. If the gentleman from Georgia de-
sires to abolish the franking privilege, let him
come out and do it in toto.
The position which 1 took, and which the Sen-
ator from Georgia seems to misunderstand, was
this: thill it would cost the Government less to '
give members of Congress the privilege of writing ,
their names us a frank, than it would to cause
f-tamps to be cngiaved, and accounts to be kept, '
;md those fianks to be furnished to Senatois anil
members of ihe House. The printing of doeu- !
nonts and the. franking privilege are different :
things. If the gentleman desires to abolish the
franking privilege, let him do it totally. He :
thinks it w ill curtail the expenditure in publishing |
documents heie. 1 have no doubt it would do it; j
but i desire that it shall be done effectually. The
gentleman says, so far as letter conespondenee j
is concerned, that he is in favoi of a free commu- -
ideation between the representative and his con- (
stitueney. Why, under yourpostage law, if one i
of your constituents ehooses to write to you tin- j
der Ihe prepaid system, he is lmund to pay his i
postage. If you do not give him the light to 1
frank, or the member to receive it fi ee, under the !
provisions of tins hill, 1 take it that, when an |
individual writes a letter to a member of Con-
gress, he must pay his own postage. That is 1
the construction oi the bill, is it not* ;
Mr. YULEE. What, sir? j
Mr. REID. That a person writing a letter to j
a member of Congress must pay his own postage ? j
Mr. YIJLFE. Yes; certainly. i
Mr. It lit D. And so, til that respect, the objec- :
tion of thegentleman fromGeorgia, I think, means ;
nothing at all. Now I desire, if you abolish the j
franking prmlege, that you should do it efl'ecfu- ,
ally. I desire that you shall do it not, by indirec- j
lion, but shall match up to it and abolish it, so ,
that e\ ei y one may undei stand it. But it is pi o- ,
posed to abolish the franking privilege, and then j
authorize members of Congress to be furnished i
with $150 worth of franks, amounting, 1 suppose, i
to some four or five hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. IVKRSON. Oh, no, sir; only $15,000. !
Mr. REID. Well, $45,000. If that is done,
when members of Congress have used them upon
documents, they will commence complaining, it
will be said: " we have not quite enough stamps
to pay the postage, and you must give us a little 1
more;" and before the close of the next session
of Congress, you wi'l nee a bill introduced giving
the members of Congress a few more franks. If
you give them a few moie lYnnks for letters they ,
wiii say: ''public documents are published here,
and membeis of Confess cannot afford to pay
postage on them;" and you must give them the
franking privilege tie-re." I desire the law to be
explicit. What"! desire to see heie is, either to •
give the franking privilege and let members exer- j
eise it, ei teke it a way and not let them exercise it. j
The objt < tiun I hav> to ihe amendment is, tlmt
it proposes to do that which it does not do. It
proposes to takeaway the franking privilege, and
n dof'S not; for it gives a member the money, in
part, to pay lor Ins postage. That is the objec-
tion I have. If we are going to abolish the priv-
ilege, let us do it out and out. I am very much
inclined to think it ought to be done. I think,
perhaps, the public sentiment of the country is
for it. If you could abolish the franking privi-
lege, and at the same time dispense with the pub-
lication of these massive documents, many of
which are worthless to the country, then we could
save money. You could save an enormous ex-
penditure by that means. But if you intend to
do this, strike at once, and strike effectually, by
doing away with the franking privilege altogether.
But if you continue the franking privilege in pai t,
I say that it is cheaper for the Government to let
a member of Congress write his frank upon a let-
ter and send it, than furnish him wUh; stamps,
which will have to be engraved, an<ir;&ceounts
kept in relation to them. It will be cheaper to
the Government to give the franking privilege,
than furnish him with stamps to the extent to
which he uses them.
But, Mr. President, I have no idea that, in the
mere transportation of the mails, there ever will
be any considerable saving by the abolition of the
franking privilege. I think the conti actors for
carrying the mails will generally undertake to do
it at just about the same rates, whether the frank-
ing privilege be in operation or not.
Mr. YULEE. The difference will be in the
mode of service, and the comparative cost. Upon
many routes coach service is rendered necessniy
by the bulk of the matter to be conveyed, which
consists, in many instances, almost exclusively of
free matter. Upon such routes a cheaper mode
of conveyance could be obtained. Horse sei vice
would answer eveiy public convenience upon
many of them; and, to a great extent, there will
be economy, I think, there.
Mr. REU>. I undeistand that idea, Mr. Pres-
ident, and it does notexactly suit many portions of
this country. When you are going into a region
of country that is dotted all over with tail roads,
it does very wtll to say that you must take into
consideration (he manner m which the mail is to
be canied. That suits very we'd in every region
of count) y where theie aie pienty of milrouds;
tlt.it you will put it up to the lowest bidder; to the
man who will carry ittluough in ihe least time,
without regard to the manner in which the ser-
vice is done.
Mr. YIJLFR. It is the point of retrenchment
that we are aiming at.
Mr. REID. I am speaking of that retrench-
ment, and 1 say that few stage routes m the coun-
try anywhere, were ever put there because of the
amount of franked nuutei of members oi Con-
gicfis that is sent over them. "With regcod to
tins idea, that you are not to have reference at all
to the manner in which the mads are to be trans-
ported, 1 say it suits very well for a country where
there are plenty of railroads; but in other regions
of count! y, whore there are no railroads, where i)
poisons have not the same facility, you put. the I
can ying of the mail down to the lowest bidder, jj
without any rcgaid to the safety or the celerity h
or anything eL-e. You propose merely to put up ;j
a eontiact and alhuvauy 'nan to have it who will j
. propose to tany the mail in any sort of way, ij
without regard to whether lie cames H sabdy, ;|
i what time he carries it in, and all that sort of'ji
thing. Fa crybody knows, in portions of the ( oun- .!
try where there aie railroads, that they beat down 1'
all competition for the tiansportation of the mail; j
but when you get into some portions of the into- r|
rior of the country, that is not so. 1 suppose the jj
{Senator from Oregon [Mr. Lane] has not many
railroads in his State. There you will fmu an in- .
convenience. I do not think the Postmaster Gen- ,
cral ought to be restricted, in all instances, to put 11
the mail down to the very lowest bidder, without !j
; regard to the convenience of the community, or
i the manner in which the mail is to be tiansporled. ;
' I now repeat to the Senator from Georgia, if he
: will coino forward with a proposition to abolish
the franking privilege, I will go with him; but I
desire to go further than he does. I want to up-
: root it out and out, and leave nothing upon which
; you can build hereafter, by which it ma}* grow
! into the very same system complained of now.
i Mr. YULFE. I hope it will be agreeable to
| the Senate to vote now upon the question which
is pending. 1 presume it has been sufticiently
; discjsseeL The motion now pending, as I under-
; stand it, is that of the Senator from Virginia to
strikeout the second section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) That is the motion first in order.
Mr. YULEE. It provides a certain amount of
stamps for the members of the two Houses. I
will state the idea upon which the committee
acted. Their purpose was a total abolition of
any peculiar or especial privilege, from the Presi-
dent down, but that all service by the Post Office
Department should be paid for at a reasonable
rate. We abolished it as to all the executive offi-
cers of the Government, and required the Gov-
ernment to pay the cost of the service which would
be rendered by the Post Office Department. The
question then came as to the extent to which mem-
bers of Congress might be regarded as officers of
the Government, entitled to be relieved of the
personal burden of communication. The idea
of the committee was, that there was a certain
amount of correspondence indispensably and
appropriately connected with the official duty of
members of the two Houses of Congress, a duty
and an amount of correspondence which would
be reasonably and liberally covered by an allow-
ance of about one hundred and fifty dollars. Now,
individually, 1 am not solicitous about it, but to
that extent we supposed, within the principle we
have adopted of paying for official communica-
tions. that properly should fall upon the Treasury
to the amount of one hundred and fifty dollars.
That is all. We did not suppose that would reach
their electioneering correspondence, or private
and personal correspondence, but would probably
cover the number of speeches of their own they
would want to send, and the number of letters
which would props rly belong to the office. I am
willing to strike it out, but that is the reason for
the action of the committee. I hope the vote will
be taken on the motion now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the motion to strike out
ihe second section ?
Mi. LH Gil. Let us hear it read.
The Secretary ieau it as follows:
'I . Jnd !>c it 1 art her enwteS, Ti).it it ^halt be tlio
d'il\ of ilie ,-m'i tviorv of the Scnoto and the CI oik of tlio
iluj -e of I'imv ;'-eu!<iH \ e*, re-pertiu h. to ptocino from the
jM-tnrtsm of \Y :i-i*iniitoii, DMnet <>t Columbia, and lui-
mi-mi each fVii uoi and each meiabci and Delegate of the
Ifoiwoi R-'|)io--<'iit.itiv'"s. :it ill'1 eoimmuici'im nt of ench
H'L'ai.ii '-e.'-ion, with £ I."30 in po-tu^' -tanip^, to be paid tor
oui of ihe contingent funds ot the two flou&esof Con^iosrf.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to strike out the section which
has just been iead.
Mr. PUGll. I think this section will not
answer at nil. Theie aie the Senators of Oregon
I and California who pay ten cents postage, and
' yet you give them but $150, and give gentlemen
who pay five or three cents postage the same
sum. Besides that, 1 am very apprehensive if you
go to give a money commutation, there are some
members of Congress, between ourselves, who
will keep the postage stamps and not send the
documents. Either keep the franking privilege,
or abolish it altogether. So far as that section is
concerned, I will \ote to strike it out.
Mr. MASON. I desno to ask the yeas and
nayrs upon the motion to strike out.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. T prefer abolishing the frank-
in <r system entirely. I agre° with the Senator
from Ohio, that giving this $150 a year to mem-
bers of the Senate would be of more harm than
good to us. It would subject us to all sorts of
imputations and a great deal of annoyance. I do
not intend to occupy the time of the Senate now
on the subject; but shall vote for this motion, be-
came I intend to abolish the whole system.
The Secretory proceeded to call the roll.
• Mr. YfTLRF, when his name was called, said:
I beg to be allowed to say m explanation of my
vote against the section reported from the com-
mittee, that it is only in accordance with the vote
which I gave m committee. I was opposed to
that section.
Mr. 1IUNTER. I hope that we shall not spend
a great deal of time on this bill. We cannot do
more than take the sense of the Senate upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The vote is not yet an-
nounced.
Mr. HUNTER. If gentlemen on the other side
d"Stre to press their views, I shall be very glad
to hear tivm; but I hope that we shall get through
the bdl before long.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No question
i I
