1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1299
can come before the Senate until the vote is de-
dared.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought the vote had been
announced.
The result was then announced—yeas 51,
nays 0; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ailcn, Ba\ard. Pell, Benjamin, Bigler,
Brodcrick, Brown. Cameron. Chandlei, Chestnut, Clark,
Clay, Clingman, Cel!,une!,'Ci itiemien, Davi-,, Doohttlo,
Durkef, Fe.s^enden, Fitch, Fit zpar rick, Foot. Fo-ter,G win,
Hale, Hammond, Harlan. Ilou-ton, Huntei. Johnson of
Tennessee, Jones, King, Lane, Malluiy. Ma-on, l'eaiee,
Polk, Pugh, Ileal. Rice, tSewaid. Shield?, Simmons:, Shdell,
Smith, Stuart, Toombs, TiumbulJ, Wade, Wilson, and
Yulee—ol.
NAYS—0.
So the motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now make a motion, which I
suppose is in order, to strike out the ninth sec-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Mississippi is in older, and pre-
cedes the motion of the Senator front New Hamp-
shire. It will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is
to strike out the first seven sections of the substi-
tute, and insert:
That from and alter the 1st day of July n^xt the frank-
ing puviiege, except s-o fa) as it Ims? been eonieited Lv Con-
gress as a personal puviiege, be, and the &aine is. beiehy
abolished.
Jind be it further enacted, That a!! law s, oi parts of laws,
requiring the piepayment of mailable matter be, and they
are hereby, tepealed.
J]nd hext fmther enacted, That such poisons ac now have,
by law, the flanking pi ivilewe, ^hall hcjeaitei be entitled to
receive their mail maitoi fit e oi postage.
Mr. PUGH. I usk for a division of that
amendment.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
Before the Senator from Virginia made his mo-
tion, I moved to stiike out the ninth section.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire is correct in the statement;
but the Chair is of opinion that it has been the
practice of the Senate to take the question on the
first sections of the bill first. Any modifications
which gentlemen may propose by motions to the
bill, are considered in the order of the sections of
the bill, and, inasmuch as the motion of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire was to strike out the
ninth section, those modifications which affected
previous parts of the bill, the Chair was of opin-
ion, were first in order. The Senator from New
Hampshire's motion to strike out the ninth sec-
tion will come forward for action when that sec-
tion is taken up m its order.
Mr. HALE. That is the practice when a bill
is read by sections.
Mr. YULEE. The Chair is under a misap-
prehension of facts. The first motion to strike
out was made by the Senator from Connecticut,
[Air. Dixo.v.] to strike out the first nine sections.
Then there was moved by the Senator fiom Vir-
ginia the proposition to strikeout the second sec-
tion; and afterwards, by the Senator from New
Hampshire * to strike out the ninth; and upon the
same ground upon which the Chair ruled into
precedence the motion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, the Senator from New Hampshire js en-
titled to a vote of the Senate upon his motion to
strike out the ninth section.
Mr. DAVIS. Clearly not.
Mr. YULEE. The ninth section relates to the
five-cent rate.
Mr. HALE. Mine is a modification of the
motion of the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr, DAVIS. It is quite clear that the point
stated by the Senator frmn Fioridadoes notapply
to the decision of (he Chun , which is, that we
shall perfect the bill as wo go along. A motion
to atnke out the ninth section is not inteifercd
with by a motion to strike out the first seven sec-
tions, and to insert now matter. To strike out
the second section was a proposition which had
priority of consideration over that to strike out
the seven sections. To strike out the ninth sec-
tion seems to me onev/hieh properly comes after
it, and nn.y be atfected by modifications of the
sections which precede it. The priority of time
is as stated by the Senator from New Hampshire.
The priouly of action, however, it stiikes me,
should follow the position in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the modification moved by the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi pre-
cede?, m point of order, the motion ofthe Senator
1 from New Hampshire; although, in pointof time,
, the motion of the Senator from New Hampshire
! was earlier. AH these motions were subsequent
; to the motion of the Senator from Connecticut,
| which .was, to strike out the whole of the first
s nine sections. It being clearly in order to perfect
; those first nine sections, before the motion to
i strike them out was taken, and the sense of the
| Senate has been taken and is being taken upon
i them, in the opinion of the Chair, the motion of
j the Senator from Mississippi is now the ncxtmo-
' tion in order. It has been read. Is the Senate
1 ready for the question ?
j Mr. PUGH. Let us have a division of the
amendment by sections. I am willing to vote for
: the first section, but I do not like the others.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
: under the impression that the motion ofthe Sen-
ator from Mississippi is not divisible. It is a
i motion to strike out and insert, which is one mo-
i tion.
! Mr. PUGH. I do not ask a division between
i striking ouiand inserting. It pioposes to insert
three sections. I want a division of those sec-
; Uons.
J Mr. DAVIS. Let it be read. I think then the
Senator from Ohio will understand it.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. DAVIS. The object is, first, to abolish
the franking puviiege, believing that great abuses
have ausen from it; secondly, to allow members
! of Congress, and others holding likeolficial posi-
i Uons, and who by law aio now entitled to fiank,
| still to receive mail matter free, upon the ground
! that people correspond with them for the benefit
! of thepeople; thai t he answer to each eorretpond-
; ent is fur his benefit; and, theiefore, the member
; should receive the letter free, and the person for
I whose inteiest he send.; an answer should pay for
; it. To effort tins, it is necessary to repeal the
law which requires prepayment. In the ninth
i section, which proposed to increase the rates of
i postage, I think it might subsequently be modi-
ii lied, so as togive the advantage of prepayment to
| the present rate of postage, and those who did
j not prepay, to pay the higher r xte of postage pro-
! posed. Hut if, is needful not to require prepay-
' ment; otherwise, it devolves upon the member,
! necessarily, piepayment upon the letter which he
I writes in answer to some inquiry made m the m-
j terest of the individual who corresponds with
I him; which I should hold to be entirely unjust.
I I am entirely opposed, however, to giving the
I members any money m lieu of the franking priv-
ilege now enjoyed. It is conferred upon them
for the public and not the individual good. It
should be u-;ed purely fur the public good. To
make a money commutation of it is at least to give
the opportunity to lay the foundation of the charge
that the money thus conferred has not been used
for the public good.
I think it will have the elfect of reducing the in-
ordinate printing which has been described by the
Senator from G-'orgui. I tun not m favor, how-
ever, of entnely destroying the printing of Con-
giess, or the distribution by Congress of \aluable
works of information to be obtained by the peo-
ple. I think they should go among the people,
j and that those who receive them should pay the
! charge of transporting them. It is surely a very
1 severe reflection upon the wisdom with which we
j have conducted the public printing to say that we
! make books which will not pay the expense of
' transportation. If they are noito be senttluough
: the mails, or hast Set them be tiansported by ex:
pi ?ss < amage, and lot thos
who rcceive books
pay the clung.; upon them. 1 hold it to be el'n-
1 aether unjust, aim-Democratic, for a Senator,
having some ihiee thousand or ten thousand cor-
' respondents, to send to them all the advantages
! for Y/hK'Ii the whole people of Ins State must pay;
I thot it, is imposing a tax upon the many for the
1 benefit of the lavured few;'that it is unsound m
principle, and that the true lemedy is to make
' those who receive the benefit bear the buidun.
i I think most of lhe.-,e books which have b ^en
minted bv- CNmsre-s woiid p.iy for their tree,—
! portaiion, and that in a veiy short tune ve rwvld
i reduce the istes of mad trnnsp jrtntion so low
! that they<oohl even le sent through the nu,:l,
! relieving the Govern^.*Lt of all elvrsro ioi thus
excessive transpoitaf;on; tn.it i,i a snort time tve
| should derive a revenue to make the Post Onice
] Department self-suctammg, and enabling as to
make still further reduction in the rates of post-
age. ,
These are the benefits I h'6'pe \6 result from the
amendments whicff.I'have proposed..' I merely
wish to say, in addition, that the reservation is.
in favor of those to whom the franking privilege
has been conferred as a personal favor. I think
it would be, to say the least, discourteous after it
has been conferred by special laws of Congress,
to take it away; especially in such cases as the
j rclict of an ex-President.
j Mr. GWIN. I wish to make a simple sugges-
j tion to my friend from Mississippi. That I am
i very much in favor of his amendment, which in-
! eludes three sections, with the exception of the
| second section, which abolishes prepayment. If
he would withdraw that portion of it, it seems to
| mc, he would strengthen his proposition. I am
! decidedly in favor of the first and third sections
| of the amendment, and shall vote for them, I
! think the other a very radical alteration.
; Mr. DAVIS. I am perfectly witling to with-
! draw it, if you will just point out some other mode
j by which the machine will work if it is with-
I drawn.
] Mr. GWIN. I merely allude to that portion
j of the amendment which abolishes prepayment,
j I think that the prepayment is a good system.
I Mr. DAVIS. Let the question, then, be taken
| on each section separately. Peihaps some one
. will suggest an amendment.
! Mr. lirWIN. Very well.
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senator will not in*
sist upon so much of his amendment as refers to
the abolition of the franking privilege. His pur-
pose seems to be precisely the same which the
committee had in view, and which the committee
suppose they have accomplished; but with only
tins dilference: that the committee have carefully
and elaborately prepared the legislation necessary
to give effect to that puipose, under the advice of
the Post Office Department, while the proposition
he makes is crude, general, and makes no pro-
vision for the changes under the condition of things
created by it, or the changing of the principle of
Go\ urnment action.
Mr. DAVIS. Point it out.
Mr. YULEE. I will point it out in this: post-
masters have the franking privilege. Twenty
thousand postmasters m the United States have
the franking privilege, unlimited except as to
weight. Undei his piovision, postmasters will
continue to rcceive letters free. Again, he pro-
poses to abolish the franking privilege to the De-
partments, and yet makes no provision by which
official letfeis, sent by the Department and to be
received by them, shall be paid. How are they
to mov< ? Are you going to block the whole cor-
respondence of the Government5 The object of
abolishing the franking privilege is accomplished
by the oarefullv prepaieu first six sections of the
bill. 1 hope, as the Senator concurs in that ob-
ject. that he will leave it where it is. What if it
be more verbose than is necessary, it can do no
harm. It does nothing more than he seeks to
accomplish.
Then, as to the section relating to prepayment,
I take it, when we reach the ninth section, that
subject will be more germane; and, it seems to
me, it would be better n we took the question
upon the fianking privilege v. hich is contained in
the first six sections.
Then, m respect t-  the seventh section, which
relates to star bids, there is a separate and distinct
section thme. When a pronosbion, such as is
mud'-' by the Senator i\o>n M>sr«sissippi, combin-
ing thiee objects, is proposed, by which a yery
large part of relorm contemplated in the bill is
prevented, 1 havt. no doubt the enemies of the bill
will aid m stulcing out the seventh section and
substituting his for the purpose of defeating, in
the end, the whole thing. That will be the eilect,
not intended by the Senator undoubtedly, but an
effect which would be prevented if we take the
2cr.Fe of the Semi'o distinctly upon rueh branch
of the reform; first, the frnnkiug puviiege con-
tained in the first six sections, and if f.utlty, we
cat? amend them; and thin upon the seventh sec-
tion m relation to the star bids and the rates of
postage, including pre payment.
MiCDAVlS. The Seniror criticises my amend-
ment as crud°, a id when I ask him to p-unt out
its cnuhmesi, he M.ows himself utteiiy ignorant,
of the ed'eet oi mv amendment.
