218
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 4,
amendments to the rules have been -printed, and
every member has a copy of them. Every mem-
ber has had an opportunity to read them and to
know them. If the gentleman from Tennessee,
or any other gentleman, shall call for a division
before the previous question is ordered, there will
he opportunity for a direct vote on each amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But not one word
of explanation can be given after the previous
question has been ordered.
Mr. HITCHIE. I am satisfied that this is
equivalent to making a new Constitution, and I
object.
EXPENSES OF THE SUPREME COURT.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask my colleague to let
me first introduce a resolution calling for informa-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask unanimous* consent
to offer-the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Intei ior be requested
to communicate to this llotfse a statement showing the ex-
pends of'thp United State* Supicine Court, in comparative
detail, for the years 1854,1855,1856, and 1857.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. And say 1858.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And I ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia also to include a resolution
calling upon the Secretary of the Interior to know
by what authoiityan agricultural convention is
assembled here, and by what authority its mem-
bers are to be paid from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to indulge my
friend, but that would be rather an odd atfair to
hitch on to my resolution; otherwise I would
have no objection to the gentleman's proposition.
The resolution was'adopted.
On motion of Mr. COBB, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
chaiged tiom the further consideration of the memonal and
joint rchohition of tin- Legislative Assembly of the Tmitoiy
of Nebraska, and that the same be lelerred to the Commit-
tee on Miluaiy Allairs.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I renew my mo-
tion to go into committee, and 1 will state now
that, if the motion be agreed to, I shall ask unan-
imous consent to lay aside the President's mes-
sage, and to take up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It may, perhaps, t
be well enough to remark at this time that it is
the intention of the Mississippi delegation to an-
nounce on to-morrow the death of General Quit-
man, late a Representative from my State,
The motion of Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, was
agreed to; and the House accordingly resolved it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Bocock in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated thatthependmg ques-
tion was the annual message of the President of
the United States, and certain resolutions in rela-
tion to it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Nich-
ols,] who is entitled to the floor, I wiil move that
these resolutions be passed over for the present,
and that we proceed to take up and consider the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not object, if I do not
lose my position upon the floor when the consid-
eration of the President's message is again re-
sumed .
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will be rec-
ognized.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
proceeded to the consideration of House bill (No.
664) making appropriations for the current and
eontingeutexpenses of the Indian department,and
for fulfilling: treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tubes, for the year ending June 30, 1860
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This is a long
bill, occupying thirty-seven pages, and I move, if
there be no objection, that the first reading for in-
formation be dispensed with.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. ofMissouri. This bill proposes
to appropriate only the money necessary to carry
out treaty stipulations with the various Indian
tribes; and as I ask merely that the first reading,
which is for information, may be dispensed with
and that the Clerk shall proceed to read it, para-
graph by paragraph, for amendment, I hope the
gentleman will withdraw his objection.
Mr. LOVEJOY withdrew his objection.
The first reading of the bill was dispensed with;
and the Clerk proceeded to read the bill by clauses,
for amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri. I move, pro forma,
to strike out the second clause, in* order to state
to the committee the amount that it is proposed
to appropriate under this bill. The estimates for
the service of the Indian department embrace sal-
aries for superintendents of Indian affairs and In-
dian agents, the appropriations necessary to com-
ply with our treaty stipulations with ihe various
Indian tribes with which wo have made treaties,
and also for the contingent expenses of the Indian
department; and they amount to $1,866,419 49.
The Committee of Ways and Means recommends
that there shall be appropriated #1,865,919 49;
making a reduction of $500 on the estimates sub-
mitted to us, owing to*a mistake m the computa-
tion of the annuities due to one of the Indian
tribes by treaty stipulation.
The_Secretary of the Interior, in submitting his
annual estimates for the contingent expenses of
the Indian department, in the several States and
Territories of theUnion, reduced the estimates of
the superintendents of Indian affairs. Thesuper-
intendents, and the supervising agent of the State
of Texas, asked that there should be appropriated
for the contingent service of the Indian depart-
ment, for the purpose of preserving peace with
the Indians, making presents to them, removing
them to, and maintaining them on, the reserves
designated for them, as follows;
For the Territory of New Mexico {$243,500
For the State ot Texa*  87,18B
For the Temtones of Oregon and Washington.... 314,853
For the State of California  215.000
For the Terntuiy of Utah  69,500
Total   .$930,030
The Secretaryofthe Interior, however,reduced
these estimates as follows:
For the Territory of New Mexico   $75,000
For the State of Texa* *    40,000
Foi the Territones of Oregon and Washington... 221.000
For the Biate of California  57,500
For the Temtory of Utah    45,000
Total $438,500
The Committee of Ways and Means liave rec- i
ovnmended to the House the adoption of the esti-
mate, as submitted to the committee by the Secre- <
tary of the Interior. I withdraw my amendment. 1
The Clerk then continued the reading of the ,
bill by clauses, for amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. As I do not believe that the f
items under the head of " miscellaneous" are au- i
thorized by any existing laws or treaties of the '
United States, I move to amend the bill by stnk- !
mg out all that portion of it from line eight hun- !
dred and thirty-four to the end; as follows:
For insurance, transportation, arid uccessary expenses
of the delivery of Pawnee annuity good*, .$5,000.
"Forthe general incidental expenses ot the Indian ser-
vice in Now Mexico, presents of goods, agricultural imple-
ments, and other uteiul articles, and to them to locate
in peim.xnent abodes and sustain themselves by tile puis-uit
ot civilized hie, to be expended under the direction of the
Seoretaiy of the interior. $75,000.
" Foi the compensation of thiee special agents and four
mteipieters tor the Indian tubes of Texas, and for purchase
of pie-enis, $lo,00U.
'•For the expensesofcolonizinu,suppoitm«r, and furnish- |
ing ngucultural implement's and stock for the Indiana in
Texas, and lor the establishment of the reset ve west of the ;
Peco* nvei, §25,000. j
•'* Foi the geneial incidental expenses of the Indian scr- ,
viae in the Territories of Oiegon and Washington, including j
insurance and transpoi ration of annuities, goods, and pres- ,
cuts', and office and traveling expenses of the superintend- j
ent, agents, and sub-auentf, $'35,000. • |
Foi deleaving the expen-es of the removal and subsist- 1
ence of Indians in Oregon Tomtory to the fe-ervations
theiein, aiding them m procuung their own subsistence, '
puieha-o or' provision* and presents, compensation of la- I
bo Pi> and other employes: Provided, That the sutn of
.-*>111.O0U.or so much thereof as may be necessary, maybe
applied m pajmcnt of liabilities incuired duiuig the year
ending 30th June. 1859, $161,000.
"For defraying the expenses of the removal and sub-
sistence of the Indians in Washington Teiritory to the
icsei'vations therem, aiding them in pioennng their own
subsistence, purchase of piovisions and presents, and com-
pensation of talrorers and other emjtioyGs, $-25,000.
" For the Indian service in California, to be expended
under the direction ofthe Secretary of the. Interior, $50,000.
" For the general incidental expenses ofthe Indian service
in California, including traveling expenses of the superin-
tendent, agent, and sub-agents, $7,500.
" For the Indian service in the Territory of Utah, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, §45,000."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would suggest
to the gentleman to move to strike out these
clauses seriatim,
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not see anything in them
that ought to be reserved.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. My proposition
would enable the committee to vote understand-
ing^. We have been in the habit of treating the
clauses in the appropriation bills as sections; and,
therefore, strictly speaking, the only amendment
in order under the practice of the House, is to
strike out the clause read.
Mr. MORGAN. Is it necessary to give notice
now that I will ask for a separate vote on these
amendments?
The CHAIRMAN. The clauses proposed to
be stricken out will be read for amendment, in
order to perfect them; and after they have been
amended, one vote will be taken on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Love-
joy.]
Mr. HOUSTON. The true way to test the
sense ofthe committee on this subject, will be to
move to strike out each paragraph as it comes
up. If the motion be to strike out all it cannot
be divided, although some of the portion pro-
posed to be stricken out may, in the estimation
of the members of the committee, be proper to be
retained; whereas other portions of it should be
stricken out. I think it would be better, there-
fore, that the gentleman should move to strike
out the paragraphs one by one, as wc go along,
so that we can.have a distinct vote upon them.
The CHAIRMAN. Previous to putting the
question on the motion of the gentleman from Il-
linois, the Chair would entertain a proposition to
strike out any one paragraph or line of the part
of the bill which the gentleman from Illinois pro-
poses to strike out. No proposition, however,
has been made t^ do so.
The clauses were then read seriatim for amend-
ments to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I desire to
offer an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. Before passing to that, I desire
to say a word in relation to the Indians of Texas.
I could not hear distinctly what the gentleman
from Illinois said; but I understood him to say
that one of the reasons for his amendment was
that there were no treaties under which these
sums are proposed to be appropriated. I desire
to say to him that there are treaties with the Ca-
manches. A number of that tribe of Indians re-
side on the reserves in Texas, under treaty stipu-
lations with the Government of the United States.
And I say, further, that although we have an
Indian frontier of eight hundred miles in length,
and although we have been a long time past in
an almost continuous state of war, we have, not-
withstanding, a less appropriation for Texas than
is made for any other State or Territory having
anything like the number of Indians that we
have. For Texas, with its frontier of eight hun-
dred miles in length, there is only $40,000 appro-
priated, while for New Mexico there is double
the amount appropriated. To the State of Cali-
fornia you give by hundreds of thousands. I
have not undertaken to investigate why this dif-
ference is. There may be a greater necessity for
large appropriations for California, and for Ore-
gon and Washington, than there is on our ex-
tended frontier in Texas; and yet, with the
exception of the war that lately existed in Wash-
ington Territory, it is probable that there has not
been anywhere else so many Indian depredations,
so much loss of property and of life, as there has
been on the frontier of Texas. Yet with regard
to Indian affairs, as has been the case with re-
gard to military defenses, there seems to be tho
strictest character of economy practiced towards
Texas.
1 am not, however,now asking for an increase
of this appropriation. 1 suppose that would
be useless. It is small, indeed, in view of the
objects to be accomplished by it, for theie are
already two Indian reservations m Texas, and
another authorized, which this appropriation is
