1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1301
letter when he receives it. That will be the result
of this amendment. I propose, therefore, to make
it read:
Jindbe it further enacted, That all laws and parts oflaws,
requiring the prepayment of mailable matter, be, and they
are hereby, repealed, so far a<s relates to letters addressed to
per&ons who are entitied to the franking privilege under ex-
isting laws.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is accepted,
that will be considered part of the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. MASON. 1 understand the amendment
offered by the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi proposes to strike out the seventh section.
"The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first seven
sections.
Mr. MASON. Now, the seventh section is in
conformity with the recommendation of the Post-
master General, who stated reasons very satisfac-
tory tome, why the Postmaster General should not
be required, or be at liberty to require, in the ad-
vertisement upon certain mail routes, that the
mails should be carried in post coachcs. Why
should the mail be carried in post coaches? Let
me put the question to any Senator here; why
should the mail be carried in post coaches? Not
for the safety of the mail or its protection; because,
if that was all that was necessary, it could be
carried in a covered car or a box. It is carried in
post coaches for the convenience of those who are
to travel over the road, and is thus tributary to
the general travel of the country. If it should be
that the mail carrier could carry the mail on
horseback, or in a wagon, or a sulky, with one, or
two, or three horses, cheaper than he could carry
it in a post coach, yet he will propose to carry it
at a greater rate in a post coach for the travel that
may be accommodated. This is a part of the
abuse that has lately grown up in the rust of that
Department. Unless it be the sense of Congress
that the public Treasury should be contributed to
the probable convenience of travel, I can see no
reason why the seventh section should be stricken
out. I take it for granted, it is not the sense of
Congress that the Post Office Department should
do anything more than carry the mails—carry
them m the most cheap, and at the same time
most expeditious and safe manner. I hope, there-
fore, that it will not be stricken out to insert any-
thing else, unless it be exactly the same provision.
I will say this further: I have said already that
I have not found myself able to comprehend the
details of this great machine, the Post Office De-
partment; but I find here a proposition brought
in by the committee having charge of the subject,
and carrying out, to a great extent, the recom-
mendations of the Postmaster General, the Ex-
ecutive officer, by which we can save $6,500,000;
and I say, then, it would be very diu-gerous to
substitute anything for the recommendations of
that committee. 1 hope, therefore, the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the Senator from
Virginia is a little mistaken m regard to this be-
ing a gradual abuse growing up under the law.
This abuse of carrying the mail in post coaches
was adopted at once, in 1846, by the then Post-
master General.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is true; but let us have
a vote; we all know that.
Mr. SIMMONS. We do not all know it, or it
would not have been said to have been a giadual
abuse. I am opposed to enacting over again a
law that is now on the statute-book, and has been
there since 1845, prescribing the mode of letting
the mail contracts, which required the Postmaster
General to let them to the lowest bidder, precisely
as this seventh section does. It was so done in
the year 1845, embracing the northeastern section
of the Union; but the next year the same Post-
master General did make a difference in these
post coaches. It was not a gradual alteration,
but it came up all at once, against law, and in
defiance of law; and it has been continued ever
since, because it was a construction put upon a
law; and having been carried out through four
sections, and the whole New England section un-
der his construction, the subsequent Postmasters
General did not interfere with his construction.
Mr. MASON. Allow me one moment. I do
not profess to be intimate with the Post Office
laws. I gather my infoimation chiefly from the
tenor of the advertisement; and my recollection
of the advertisement is, that they advertise to
carry a mail upon a given route; and proposals
may also be received to carry it on horseback or
a sulky; and proposals are also received to carry
it in post coaches. Now, how the Postmaster
General construed that, I do not know; but the
provisions of this seventh section are upon him
restraining and prohibitory. The provision is:
" Jind be it Jurtkcr enacted, That the eighteenth section
of the ' Act to reduce the rates of postage,' &c., approved
March 3.1845, shall he so construed as to prohibit the Post-
master Genera! from making contracts forthe transportation
of the mail with any view to ihe transportation of passen-
geis, and to restrict him in making such contracts to the ac-
ceptance of such bids only as shall provide for the convey-
ance of the mails."
If that should be enacted, the practice most
certainly would be this: the Postmaster General
contracts for carrying the mail from one point to
another, and takes the lowest bidder. The con-
tractor will determine for himself, when he has
made the contract, whether it will be most remu-
nerative to him to carry it on horseback or in a
coach, and he will decide it.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is precisely what the
law has been since 1845. The law authorizes
the Postmaster General to give the lettings to
those who will carry the mail at the least price,
and no other reference is made to the mode of
transportation, but such as would secure due ce-
lerity to the mails.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand the gentle-
man to say that that is the law.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly I do.
Mr. COLLAMER. How does he propose car-
rying it into execution ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to that;
but what I meant to say was, that it had not been
gradually growing into practice, but had been
adopted all at once.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman does not
object to passing this law now?
Mr. SIMMONS. Oh, no.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well; let us pass it.
Mr. CLARK. As the Senator from Virginia
has called up the transfer of mail service from
coaches to inferior modes, it seems to be pertinent
here to refer to the experience of the Post Office
Department for the last year, where we can come
at it. I hold in my hand the report of the Post-
master General. I find by that report, that the
Postmaster General changed in my State ninety-
five thousand three hundred and sixteen miles of
service by coach to seventy-three thousand one
hundred and sixty-four miles of service by inferior
modes. We lost not only the service by coach,
but we lost twenty-two thousand one hundred
and fifty-two miles of service, and it cost $1,385
more. That was the result of it; and it seems,
by his own report, that, change whatever way you
will, you make a losing business of it. Now, if j
you turn to the State of New York,you will find
there, that duling the past year, they changed one
hundred and thirty-one thousand four hundred i
and fifty-six miles of coach service into inferior
service, and it cost $13,836 to do it. 1 could go
on considerably further, and I shall at some other
time; but I simply call the attention of Senators
to the fact that the Postmaster General shows, by
his own report, that when he changes the service
from coach to inferior service, it costs him more
than it did before. And I will show that in this
respect, m every one of the New England States,
taking the New England States together, the ser-
vice has very much diminished by xailroad during
the past year, and yet it costs something like sev-
enty thousand dollars more to perform it. I have
I the figures here before me, but 1 will not detain the
] Senate, as I propose to do it more at length by and
! by.
! 'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
j is on the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
' sippi to the amendment.
| Mr. IVERSON. Have the yeas and nays been
ordered ;
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have not.
; Mr. IVERSON. Then I ask for them.
' The yeas and nays were ordered. *
i Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the
amendment to the amendment read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I call for a division upon
those questions. I move to take the vote on the
first branch first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of the opinion that the amendment is not divis-
ible.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I did not know that It
was a motion to strike out and insert.
Mr. DAVIS. I am quite ready, as gentlemen
ask it, to have the vote taken separately, if In
order. Perhaps, by consent, it may be done.
Mr. RICE. I think this seventh section in the
bill, as reported by the committee, a very import-
ant one. The law, as it now stands, is susceptible
of two interpretations. It is certainly not impera-
tive upon the Postmaster General in all cases to
accept the lowest bid under the old law; but this
seventh section makes it imperative upon him to
do so, and then leaves it to the contractors to carry
the mail as they shall choose, they giving secu-
rity for the faithful performance of the duty. I
believe it would save from half a million to a mil-
lion dollars, and would enable men of small means
to bid for carrying the mail, which can just as well
be carried on horseback, for $100 or $200 a year;
and then they could come in competition with men
with their hundreds of thousands and their mag-
nificent coaches. I think it one of the most im-
portant sections in the whole bill,and I think the
result will show it.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely want to state, in answer
to the remarks of the Senator from Minnesota,
that I do not know how it may be in more favored
countries; but in the country in which I reside it
is impossible for such a mail as he describes to
get coach service. It is necessary to show the
weight of the mail matter transported, if it is be-
yond the capacity of a horse to carry, in order
to get a contract for coach service, and when this
is shown, and that the public convenience, and
safety of the mail, requires that it should be car-
ried upon wheels, the contract is so let. If, then,
persons traveling should require a coach suitable
for them as passengers, such a coach is put upon
the line; if not, it still remains a wagon. That
is the manner in which the law is administered
in the region of country with which I am best
acquainted. Not being one of those favored re-
gions that are so doubtful in politics as to make
it necessary particularly to attend to them, they
may get some harsh construction of the law. That
is the only knowledge I have of the law. Thus,
1 am sure it is executed there, and that a route on
which the mail matter could be easily carried on
horseback never gets the contract for carrying it
in coach. Safety and celerity is the language of
the law. Discretion is now m the hands of the
Postmaster General, and he has exercised that
discretion, so far as Mississippi is concerned, very
rigidly.
Mr. RICE. I know nothing in regard to how
the mails are carried in Mississippi, but I do
know something in regard to the manner in which
they are carried in the North west and throughout
the entire northern region and some poition of the
South. Now, so far as I am concerned, I do not
care whether the mail is carried in a balloon, or in
a steamboat, or upon a pack-horse. I do not think
we have anything to say as to how it should be car-
ried. The time is specified m the contract, and the
contractor is compelled to give ample security for
carrying the mail in the time specified. The result
is, under the present bill, that all mail contrac-
tors throughout the country—-I think I may say
throughout the entire West—come here at every
letting and combine together, and they leceive the
highest possible price they can get for carry ing the
mails. I am for bringing m competition. Ifaman
has got only a pair of horses, and is able to carry
the mail two hundred or three hundred miles in
the time prescribed, if you give him a contract, you
should not exclude him because he has not got
the means to furnish a six-horse post coach to
carry passengers. The only result of it is, that
travelers can be carried at half price, while the
poor man must stay at home and pay for it.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not believe, Mr. Presi-
dent, that this section involves anything like the
sum of money which is attributed to it. So far
as the service on horseback is concerned, of
course, it does not touch that. These contractors
of mail service are a vigilant class of our commu-
nity. They understand this business, and I do
not believe that there is any branch of the public
service, or any enterprise, m which there is such
a universal vigilance and close competition. That
has been my observation. I know that through-
out my portion of Pennsylvania, within the last
five years, nearly every man that has taken a
contract of this kind has turned out a sufferer.
