220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
estimates be reduced, and that we make no other
or greater appropriation than that contained in
this bill.
The gentleman from Alabama is himself aware
that, by an act of Congress, we have provided for
the establishment of Indian reserves in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico., When the Indians shall
be assembled upon those reserves, it is proposed
to subsist them until they shall have raised a suf-
ficient amount of agricultural products to sustain
themselves. Money must be expended for the
procurement of agricultural implements, for quar-
ters for officers, and some kind of habitations for
the Indians until they are able to take care of
themselves. These are the kind of expenditures
which it is proposed to make in New Mexico and
in the other Territories.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, my opinion is,
and has been for years, that the growing expend-
itures under these general clauses of the Indian
appropriation bill should arrest the closest scru-
tiny of the members of this body. There is no
law by which the application of these moneys is
restricted. The policy of this Government has
for several years been (and it may be a wise policy)
to induce the Indians to remove to and occupy
reservations, so as to take up as small a portion
of the country as possible, and to bring them under
our influence and our power. If gentlemen will
notice these miscellaneous items, they will see
that large appropriations are made for incidental
expenses. It seems to me that the appropriations
are very large, and especially in view of the pres-
ent condition of thenational Treasury,and when
we are asked to increase the imposts upon the
consumption of the country. It seems to me that
we should lay our hands upon these miscellaneous
appropriations, which are made withoutany legal
restraint attaching to the officers who are to dis-
burse them; these appropriations of money which
are expended merely at the discretion of the su-
perintendents and other officers who may have
the control of them. And if the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Phelps] will turn to page 36, he
will find added to the paragraph, " for defraying
the expenses of the removal and subsistence of
Indians in Oregon Territory to the reservations
therein, aiding them in procuring their own sub-
sistence, purchase of provisions and presents,
compensation of laborers and other employes,"
the following proviso:
Provided, That tlie ?um of ^111,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, may be applied m payment of liabil-
ities incurred during the year ending 30th June, 1859,
$161,01)0.
Now, sir, that may be called a deficiency; but
if it be a deficiency, why is it that it is introduced
into this regular annual Indian appropriation bill ?
It may be termed a deficiency, and perhaps prop-
erly; but, if it be a deficiency, that fact, to my
mind, is conclusive evidence that it has no right
here. It shows, too, that while the officer or offi-
cers who had the control of these Indians, or the
expenditure of this money, were restricted as to
the amount, yet that they have gone on and dis-
regarded the law, and now call upon us to appro-
priate over one hundred thousand dollars to make
good their liabilities, incurred, as I have stated,
in defiance of law enacted in a previous appro-
priation bill. If that be the true state of the case,
and I think it is, then it becomes important to this
committee, to this House, and to the country, that
we should at once examine these appropriations,
and before passing them, throw round them, where
it is competent for us to do so, that sort of re-
straint of law which ought to control every ap-
propriation from the general Treasury, when it
can be done. It will not do for me to be told, it
will not do for gentlemen to say, that wc must rely
upon the Secretary of the Interior—that we must
rely upon the superintendents and agents who
have control of these things.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will state, with
the gentleman's permission, that had I been aware
that the gentleman from Alabama desi red me to ex-
plain particularly with reference to this provision
for $113,000, I would have done so when I was
on the floor at first. There was not, I assure the
committee, any wish on the part of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to disguise any deficien-
cy of appropriations. Now, there is here an ex-
press proviso that the sum specified in this law,
or a sum not exceeding $111,000 may be applied
to the Indian service in the Territory of Oregon
for this fiscal year. The report of the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs explains the necessity
which gave rise to this deficiency; and I will read
from it one short extract:
"Anticipating that it was not contemplated to abandon the
system, [the system of colonization,] after great improve-
ments had been made at such a heavy expenditure, 1 made
my e&tnnatPS for the present fiscal year, amounting to
$484,700; which was, as I conceived, the least possible
sum with which the Indians could be subsisted, and the
peace of the country maintained."
That, sir, was the estimate of Mr. Nesmith,
the superintendent of Indian affairs, for this fiscal
year. Congress, however, reduced that amount,
appropriating much less, perhaps not more than
one half. He continues:
" I am, however, notified that the sum actually appropri-
ated for the present fiscal year amounts onlyto $160,500,
which, with the utmost economy, can only subsist the In-
dians until the 1st of December next, when, if lam not
permitted to exceed the limits of the appropriations, I shall
have no alternative left but to turn the Indians loose to ob-
tain their livmg by robbing the whites, and which can only
result in a sanguinary war. In this event, all that has been
expended in collecting the Indians and removng them at
such a heavy expense to their present homes, will be a total
loss. The southern portion of Oregon, formerly occupied
by several of these warlike tribes, and to which they will
inevitably return, is, by reason of the great emigration of
miners to the northward, but poorly calculated to defend
itself against an overwhelming hoide of returning savages;
and, in the event of their return, we may expect to witness
a reenacttnent of the scenes of murder, robbeiy, and rapine
enacted in 1855 and 1856. In relation to the Indianslocated
upon these reservations, the Government must speedily
choose between feeding and fighting them. If it is determ-
ined to abandon the reservation system, and thereby force
the Indians to war by withholding their promised supplies
of food, it is better that it should be done at once."
Now, sir, this superintendent tells you that he
wants a sum not exceeding §111,000 for the ser-
vice of the present fiscal year, and he tells you,
too, what will be the conscquences if it be denied
—that the Indians will return to their old homes
and their old haunts, there to engage in a preda-
tory warfare on the settlers. He believes that
unless this amount is appropriated, we shall be
driven into another Indian war; and this is the
reason that induced the Committee of Ways'and
Means to recommond that discretion should be
given to use not exceeding $111,000 of this appro-
priation for the service of the present fiscal year.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not altogether acknowl-
edge the force and propriety of the gentleman's
explanation. He seems to lay some stress upon
the fact that at the last session of Congress an
amount was estimated by the superintendent,
which was largely reduced by Congress, and that
he now comes back, and in the face of Congress
says, notwithstanding the warning given to him in
the last appropriation bill, that he wants $111,000
to make up a deficiency—to cover an expense
which Congress said he should not incur, but
which nevertheless he did incur.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. He says that if
he shall not obtain authority to use this money,
then he will have to turn these Indians loose, lose
all that has been done already, and let them return
to their homes, to engage in war upon the white
setllers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think that that ex-
planation is conclusive. Here is an amount of
money that is sought to be had by a superintend-
ent of Indian affairs; he asks for a certain amount
of money, which he says is necessary. I do not
know how this item was reduced at the last ses-
sion, or on whose motion. I presume it was re-
duced by the Committee of Ways and Means
themselves. With the exception q£ last session,
whon I voted against adeficiency bill, I have gen-
erally, when I could get my conscience up to the
point, voted to give the money asked by the Gov-
ernment as necessary for it to carry on its func-
tions. But, Mr. Chairman, a different state of
things is fast coming about. If we continue to
grant money; if we continue to let estimates pass
without scrutiny or examination; if we continue
to relax, or allow to remain relaxed, these strin-
gent laws and regulations that ought to control
the disbursement of the public moneys, I dis-
cover, very clearly, that we are bound to put our
hands in the pockets of the people again, to get
more money to replenish the Treasury. Such
being the case, the expenditures of the Govern-
ment satisfying me that I must either strike at
something they propose or must put my hands
in the pockets of the people and take more from
them. I must look at the amount asked, and see
whether we cannot reduce that.
It occurs to me, sir, that where we have'a su-
perintendent in charge of Indians who is compe-
tent and faithful in the discharge of his duties, he
has but to make the amount which Congress gives
him the rule of his action. If the sum is not
enough for the purpose, he ought to deal it out in
that sort of w$y as to make it last through the
year; or else he ought to say to the Government:
I cannot do it with this sum, and I give it up."
I have no idea, Mr. Chairman, of allowing your
superintendents, or heads of bureaus, or heads
of Departments, or the/ Executive of the United
States, to go on in the face of, and in opposition
to, the wilt of Congress, as expressed in the ap-
propriations made, and to spend more money on
any object than Congress has said ought to be
spent upon it.
Mr. LANE. Will my friend from Alabama
allow me to explain this thing to him?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. LANE. I will say to my friend from Ala-
bama that if I had a vote to give I would join him
in bringing the Government back to the strictest
principles of economy. But while I would do that,
while I would like to see the expenditures of the
Government curtailed, I would ask my friend not
to commence at Oregon. It is very far off. It is a
remotfe portion of our country, and it is a Terri-
tory that has had very little favor from Congress.
It has cost the Government certainly much less
than any other Territory that has been so long ill
a territorial condition.
Now, as to this $111,000, I want to explain.
I understand the matter well; and I say that the
money ought to have been granted at the last ses-
sion of Congress. If it had, there would not have
been any necessity to ask for it now. Not only
was the attention of Congress called to the neces-
sity of making that appropriation by the super-
intendent of Indian affairs, but it was estimated
for by the Secretary of the Interior. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, however, said to me
and to my worthy colleague from the adjoining
district, [Mr. Stevens, of Washington,] that
these estimates were too large; that the Govern-
ment was borrowing money; that it would be a
difficult thing to get so large an appropriation
from Congress; and that, therefore, they would
cut it down; and they did cut it down, just one
half.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The estimate was
strickcn out by the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. LANE. Very well, Mr. Chairman, even
if itwas stricken out by the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, I recollect very well that, in conver-
sation with the late chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, (Mr. J. Glancy Jones,) he
expressed himself fully satisfied of the necessity
of making that appropriation; and said to me,
while the bill was being acted on, 16 do not urge
it now; you will get it at the next session."
Now, I desire my friends from Alabama and
from Illinois and the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, to bear in mind that in 1855-
56, there was a bloody war in Oregon and Wash-
ington Territories. The superintendent, in 1855,
commenced this policy. He underto8k to treat
with the tribes as he could. He finally did treat
with all of them in two years, and brought them
on reservations. He took them from their coun-
try, from the grounds where they had game and
fish, where they could live as they always had
lived, and placed them on reservations, there to
be subsisted by this Government, that peace might
be maintained in that far-off country. Under that
system, an appropriation to feed the Indians until
they could be made self-sustaining in their res-
ervations, became absolutely necessary; and I will
say to my friend from Alabama, that the super-
intendent for Oregon and Washington is an effi-
cient officer. There is no man who understands
his duty better. Pie is honest and faithful in the
discharge of his official duties, and has called the
attention of Congress, m the most handsome man-
ner, in his report, to the necessity of this appro-
priation.-
Now, bear in mind, Mr. Chairman, that all the
Indians, west of the Cascade mountains in Ore-
gon Territory, have been collected and placed on
two reservations—the Selectz reservation and the
Grand Round reservation. On these reservations
there are five or six thousand Indians who must
be subsisted, or else war is inevitable, and will
