1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
follow in three days after their subsistence is
stopped In regard to it, this superintendent
" In respect to the Indians located on these reservations,
the Government must speedily choose between feeding and
fighting them."
Now, it is for this Congress to decide which
must be done. The Indians must be fed, or we
will have to fight them, and it is much cheaper to
feed them than to fight them. The moment they
leaye their reservations they will strike at the
settlements. Men, women, and children, will fall
under their blows; and the property, the hard
earnings of the people who went into that coun-
try—many of them from the State represented in
part by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Love-
joy,] will be sacrificed by these Indian savages.
I ask him how he can ask to have stricken out of
the bill that portion of it which provides for
taking care of the Indians, when, if they were
turned loose, it would be at the expense of the
lives of the men, women, and children of the set-
tlements? I do not want to discuss this matter
further; but I ask it as a favor from the gentleman
from Alabama, that he will take some other oc-
casion to introduce his system of economy, and,
if possible, to bring this Government back to the
strictest observance of the principles of the closest
economy.
I would like to see it done. I would reduce the
expenditures of this Government very much if I
had my way, but I would not begin there; I
would not begin in Oregon, and I hope my friend
will not insist on commencingin Oregon Terri-
tory, which has never had, altogether, many mil-
lions from the General Government, and which
never expects to have much more than enough to
feed her Indians. Give her that, and pay her
people that you owe them, and she will endeavor
to take care of herself.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from Oregon is
mistaken in the purpose I had in view. I am not
beginning in Oregon; I am beginning at no par-
ticular point; but I am illustrating the improper
conduct of our officers by a case which has oc-
curred in Oregon; that is the view I have taken.
I have not moved to strike out any portion of this
bill; I do not know that I shall; but it does seem
tome that we oueht to commence somewhere.
My friend from Oregon says we ought not to
commence there; the Delegate from the Teiritory
of New Mexico says that is not the place; the
Delegate from the Territory of Washington says
you must not touch the appropriations for that
Territory; and in Nebraska and Kansas it is the
same way. Sir, you will never find a place to
commence if you wait for the Delegate or member
representing the locality particularly interested to
give his consent for the retrenchment to com-
mence there.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman from
Alabama give way for a motion that the commit-
tee rise ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not occupy ten min-
utes. I have no set speech to make. I want to
say two or three things in this connection, and I
propose to do it right here.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me it is high
time that we should know where the power of this
Government over the public money lies; whether
that power resides in Congress or in your dis-
bursing officers. Have Congress the right to say
how much money shall be appropriated to be ex-
pended under the various heads of Government ?
or shall the disbursing officers be allowed to say
how much they will have out of Congress ? Here
is an officer who comes at one session of Congress
and asks for a particular amount of money. Con-
gress cuts down the amount; but at the next ses-
sion you find that officer coming back anC. saying
to Congress, " I want every dollar of the amount
which you cut down at the last session." In the
language of my friend from Oregon, " it ought to
have been passed before.'* ♦.
Has it come to this, that we cannot control
our own expenditures, and our own appropria-
tions? Here is a case, according to the explana-
tion which has been given, where an officer esti-
mates $220,000 for a particular object. Congress,
in its wisdom, as I understand it, with the assent
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and with
the assentof the Committee of Ways and Means,
cuts down the amount to $110,000. Very well;
that ought to have put the officer on his guard.
He ought to have understood the amount to which
he was to be limited, and to have commenced to
economize so as to make the money cover the
Territory and the time Congress intended it
should cover. With this limitation, what does
he do? He goes on, forgetting or heedless of
what Congress has done, and expends or incurs
liabilities for the $110,000 cut down by Con-
gress, and at the very next session of Congress
comes here and says, " I want that $110,000, and
must have it. I told you at the last session of
Congress I should want it. I have incurred lia-
bilities covering it, and I must have it
I am tired of this system of legislation. I have
legislated here from year to year in duress, if the
term may be used in application to such a case as
this. I have legislated in this way until I have
become sick and tired of it. I want our officers
who disburse our appropriations to know that we
have control of the money. I want them to know,
when we appropriate a sum of money for a par-
ticular object, that that is all they are to have.
I grant that circumstances may arise of a differ-
ent character from those anticipated at the time
the appropriation was made. New features may
present themselves, making it absolutely neces-
sary that deficiency bills should be brought be-
fore Congress. I am not warring upon deficiency
bills. I am endeavoring to call the attention of
the House to the fact that large sums of money
are beingappropriated here precisely as they were
done at the last session of Congress, to be ex-
pended without restraint of law, at the discretion
of the Secretary of the Interior, superintendents,
and agents. 1 say we are appropriating and plac-
ing at the discretion of these officers hundreds
of thousands of dollars—men who, when they
have before them the determination of Congress,
will heedlessly use money; will recklessly go on
in their own way, regardless of the obligations
placed upon them by Congress in its action upon
a particular subject. For one, I am tired of it; for
one, I will vote no more such appropriations. I
will vote no more under that system of pressure
by which we are called upon to vote money and
pay indebtedness incurred in violation of law.
Mr. BRANCH. These appropriations are all,
I have no doubt, very correct. I have not risen
for the purpose of opposing them. They come
recommended by the Executive Departments and
sanctioned by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and I am prepared to vote for them when they
appear here in a shape which, in other respects,
can command my approval.
11. nderstand this to be a bill the nature of which
is set forth in its title. It is a bill " making ap-
propriations for the current, and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes."
i I would like to ask the chairman of the Commit-
| tee of Ways and Means if there is in this bill i
| any item which is not to carry out a treaty stip-
| ulation ?
! Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In reponse to the
inquiry made by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, I have to say that there are many such
items. The pay of superintendents and other
officers of the Indian service is not embraced under
any tieaty stipulation. These salaries are pro-
vided for near the commencement of the hill. It
has always been the case, in Indian appropnation
bills, to embrace items which are not covcrcd by
treaty stipulations, such as the pay of Indian
agents, the pay of superintendents of Indian af-
fairs, and the pay of interpreters; but with that
exception, and the appropriation for maintaining
tire Indian reserves, all the appropriations are to
enable us to comply with treaty stipulations.
Mr. BRANCH. The bill itself, on its face,
purports to be for the purpose of paying the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and fur fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1860. I understand the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to admit that
there are appropriations contained in this bill that
are not intended to carry out treaty stipulations.
Now, I want to ask the chairman how he gets
over the second clause of the 78th rule of this
House ? Here it is:
" In preparing bills of appropriations for other objects,
the Committee of Ways and Means shall not include ap-
propriations for cairyitig into effect tieaties made by the
United States; and where an appropriation bill shall be
referred to them for their consideration which contains ap-
propriations for carrying- a treaty into effect, and for other
objects, they shall propose such amendments as shall pre-
vent appropriations for cairyirfg a treaty into effect being
included in the same hill with appropriations for other
objects."
There is a rule of the House whieh has been
-upon our Manual since the. year 1819. It is ex-
press. It is explicit that no item shall be em-
braced in an appropriation bill for carrying out a
treaty, that is not intended to execute a treaty.
It is not sufficient for the Committee of Ways
and Means to tell me that it has always been the
practice to do it. There is a rule of the House
which forbids it. If I rise here to move as an
amendment to that bill, an appropriation that is
not for the purpose of carrying into effect a treaty,
you, sir, would rule it out of order; and you
would properly rule it out of order. For the
purpose of testing this matter, I intend to make
a point of .order upon the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Washington. In order
that we may show the extent to which we have
departed from the rules of the House', and in
order to show the extent to which a committee of
the House has been allowed even to disregard
the rules of order, I intend to make the point of
order; and I wish to say to the gentleman from
Washington, that I do not do it out of hostility
to his amendment, but for the purpose of show-
ing that the Committee of Ways and Means
have reported a bill which contains appropria-
tions in the very teeth of our rules, which, should
a member of the House move them as amend-
ments, would be ruled out of order.
Now, I shall vote for the motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois, not because I desire to defeat
these appropriations—for I have no doubt they
are correct; but because so long as that rule stands
upon our books, we prohibit an individual mem-
ber of the House from moving such amendments
to an appropriation bill. 1 shall vote againstevery
bill which contains appropriations in violation of
the rule. I repeat, that the appropriations are
doubtless all correct; and, if brought here in a
separate bill, and in a shape that does not violate
the rules of order, I will vote for them. Butuntii
that rule is repealed, or is so altered that individ-
ual members of the House may move amend-
ments that they deem fit and proper to such bills,
as well as the Committee of Ways and Means, I
shall vote againstevery bill,as it comes up, which
violates it.
I know very well that the practice has been to
permit the Committee of Ways and Means to
disregard this rule. I know that the Committee
of Ways and Means has, session after session,
been in the habit of disregarding it. I cast no
reproach upon them for bringing m the bill in this
shape, for it is doubtless the shape in which it has
been brought m session after session. But I can-
not, according to my notions of propriety and
justice, sanction the practice of allowing the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to legislate in appro-
priation bills, unless members of the House shall
also have the opportunity of proposing amend-
ments in the way of legislation.
And that is not all, Mr. Chairman. As I am
at present advised, I intend to vote against every
bill that comes from the Senate with amendments
which violate this rule. If I cannot propose
amendments to abolish abuses, I shall object to
any committee, or any legislative department of
the Governmentbeing permitted to put in abuses
in violation of the rules of the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to answer
the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. NICHOLS. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to yield me the floor that I may move
that the committee rise.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 664) making appropri-
ations to defray the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending 30th June, 1860, and had coma
to no resolution thereon.
