1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■4
1303
uents frank to you. My own idea about tins mat-
ter is, that there should be at the expense of the
Government a free communication kept up be-
tween the representative and the represented,
between the people and the congressmen; and
that they should have all necessary facility to
that end. But it is argued that this privilege is
abused, and that a vast expense is engendered
thereby, footed by the Government, and in order
to obviate tins abuse, to prevent it, to exterminate
it, it is proposed to abolish the franking privilege.
Now, sir, so far as myself and my constituents
are concerned, it is a matter of small moment. 1
remember to have read, a year or two since, a
speech pronounced m the Senate here by the junior
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Thompson,] a fa-
cetious speech, in which he said that the people
of his portion of the country had no particular
knowledge of their relation to this Government,
or their connection with it, so far as any benefits
were derived directly, except that they saw, oc-
casionally, upon the stage-coach, the letters " U.
S." Now, I know that my constituents appre-
ciate any document sent from Congress through
the mails to them; and i would be disposed, 1 re-
peat, as an absnact proposition, to advise them
of all that passes here. But, inasmuch as the
proposition is, in fact and in effect, to picset vc the
funds of the Government, and to cut off expense,
and to abolish the franking privilege, which leads
to abuses and extravagances, I am, I repeat, for
doing it effeo.tually. I am prepared to vote for a
proposition that shall cut it oil' entirely, so that
the constituent who has occasion to address a rep-
reft-ntative hero may pay his own postage, and
the representative in return pay his; and, though
if falls heavily upon the representative lrom the
Pacific coast—lur it is thiee hundred per cent,
larger than that which falls to the lot of any other
representative from the Atlantic States—I am pro-
pared to meet it, for the purpose of letrenchmont.
As a representative, in part, from the Pacific
coast, I have another and a special leason for that
vote, and it is this: it is complained on the part
of Congress that the postal arrangements between
the Pacific and Atlantic States imposes an oner-
ous burden upon the Government, and there is
a disposition to interdict to that coast overland
postal facilities between the Atlantic and Pacific
coast, because of the enormous expense. I know
very well that whilst this franking privilege ob-
tains, it will be impracticable, if not impossible,
to convey the mail matter overland across the con-
tinent; but for all the puiposes of commerce and
for letter communication overland, mail facilities
will be acceptable to the Pacific and the Atlantic,
to the commercial men of the country; and, there-
fore, I am willing to break, to cut down, to dis-
courage this heavy mail matter; and discoursing
it so far as it pmtains to the mails, we shall dis-
courage the printing—the original cause. I agree
with gentlemen who suggest that thit. is scotch-
ing the snake, not lullmgu; and that whilst you
reserve a partial franking privilege, you but par-
tially cure the evil; and i would prefer to vote di-
rectly, so far as Congress is concerned, to abolish
it altogether.
Mr. FiTZPATPJCIv, Mr. President, I will
ask the Senator fiom Mississippi to withdraw
the latter portion of his amendment authorizing
those entitled to the franking privilege to receive
mail matter tree.
Mr. DAVIS. I would be perfectly willing to
do that. My only apprehension ;s,tnat we will
£ut it m that condition which will suit the re-
formers so well that nobody will vote to pass it.
However, X am willing to try it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment, as modified• will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is
to strike out the first six sections of the bill and
insert the following:
That f'on* and aftei tlx1 Kt day of July ?v\t ih" flank-
ing puYjls'ii'-'. except -o jai as n lias b^cn eontened by Con-
gre^ ii: a peir-uiidl privilege, be, and the tame us hcrei^-,
abolished
be it furl her emitted. That .til law - or puts of Inw^
(■•"qn.neg the piep.ivrjmt of mailable mallei b'-, and the
vuuc aiv heieby iepe\led. co bu a- relate* to Setters ad-
du-^t d to pei-uu> uiiulcd to the franking puvnege under
lawnow in bnee.
Mr. DA V IS. The third section being stiickcn
out. the si cmul is unnecessary.
Tie; PRESJ DING OTIC ii'-. The question
h on st) ilaei? out the iirs' 3i:< s-.cuons of the bill
and inserting the first section of that which has
been read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have been very reluctant
to make any remarks upon this subject; but I
really deem it my duty, at least, to give the opin-
ion which 1 entertain upon it. I have not been
as attentive to the discussion as I might have been;
but i believe 1 apprehend directly the object of
this amendment, it is to abolish the franking
privilege, and that all matter passing to and from
members of Congress is to be paid, or at least all
matter passing to members. Now, sir, I think
the error does not consist in the franking privi-
lege, nor even in the abuse of it. I think it is
entirely owing to the unnecessary reduction of
postage below what it ought to be. I regard that
as one of the most equitable taxes that can pos-
sibly be laid upon the people; for those who do
not write haters will not have to pay for them.
If a man is engaged m the transaction of business,
he will not be prejudiced by it, because he will
lay it upon his creditors, or his debtors, and those
with whom he transacts business. If individuals
do not correspond, they will not necessanly be
taxed with the postal Gurdens in this country;
but they will be exempt from them, and it will
only fall upon those who aie interested in corre-
spondence; and those who are not interested in it
will be exempt from ifx influence.
If you do not bring the proceeds equal to the
expenses of the Department, the money is with-
diawn from the general!1 reasury for the purpose
of making up the deficiency; and when you draw
ij it from the general Treasury it falls on the whole
I; community, whether they are correspondents or
'! not; so that, to my nnnd, theie is no tax laid
jj upon the people, whether directly or incidentally,
so peifectly equitable as the postal tax. if the
■| postage had not been reduced far below what it
jj ought to have be#m, the revenue of the Depart-
jj ment would have been amply sufficient to have
i| supported it. If it had been retained at five cents,
;i instead ofbeins, reduced to three, the Department
J would not have been a tax to the general Treas-
11 ury, and would not have drawn from it to sup-
j port the Department or to make up a deficiency
!j m its revenue. The revenues v. ould have been
ji sufficient of themselves to have supported the
|! Department.
;; It may be said that the franking privilege pre-
vents money going into the Treasury. It takes
nothing out of the Treasury; but if it had been
paid out of the general Treasury, I do not con-
ceive that money could be better disbursed than
by diffusing intelligence throughout the country
at large. The neople have been in the habit of
receiwng it; they are oxpectmg it. Tliey derive
advnntaiM fj om it. Intelligence is commumcotcd
to them through this nvd.um which they euuld
not othn wise as efficiently obtain. The attri-
bution of the Patent Ofil^e reports is deemed of
the first importance to the ngncultuidl interests
of the country. They regard that as one ot the
greatest conveniences of the Government, not so
essential, perhaps, as some others, but a conve-
nience delightful to them, and one that is benefi-
cial to the'general interests of the country, be-
cause it is promotive of agjicukure. You could
not distribute these with the same facility that
you now do, if j-ou adopt the propositions now
befoic the Senate. Will you transport all your
mail matter by way of horseback, or in small ve-
hicles' The traveling community at lar^e are
interested, too, for the transmission of their per-
sons as wdl as otho; matter, from different sec-
tions of tin- country. I can tel! you, sir, that i
do not want the pot.iul interest impaired in the
country that I iopVes"nt. It is of general nnpoi t-
uncc ; it is of c^nv-ne" nee; it is a ii^w and i xteeded
domain. Tne population, I grant you, is sparse;
and the cost may be deem, d onerous, by some
gentlemen, to the Goneial Government; hut we
must have th^e mail fae.imes. if the population
is sparse and far-dispersed throughout the coun-
try, u does not lessen the wants of those who are
there, and who ft U a deep interest in the mad fa-
cilities of the country.
Raise the postai-e, Mr. President, to the proper
pitch, and you will find that all the evils which
are complained of in the Department will be re-
moved. i am wilhnj; to do that. I am not con-
tending for the fr.iiikin^ privilege for any benefit
I f xpect to rcsuh to mr individually, for my con-
cern about that mat er is abotr closing; but I feel
that it is an interest that ought to be maintained.
The withdrawal of the franking privilege from
members of Congress will be detrimental to the
community, because they will be deprived of the
means of intelligence which they now possess,
and which are of great importance to them. Hence,
I will vote for raising the postage; but I will not
vote for diminishing any of the privileges of mem-
bers, that are calculated to disseminate intelligence
throughout the country, or to enlighten the minds
of their constituents upon important subjects con-
nected with the well being of the Union and the
Government. I never will vote for it. I have
deprecated the reduction of postage, but I have
never been in 'favor of the repeal of the franking
privilege, and I never will vote for it in this body.
The yeas and were nays ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—-Messis. Brown, Chestnut, Chngman, Davis,
Douglas, Pitch, Fitzpamck, Gwin, Iverson, Johnson of
Arka'nsas Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Lane, Mallory,
Pearcc, Polk. Reid, Sebastian, and Ward—-10.
NAYS—-IUes%rs Allen, Benjamin, Brodciick, Clark,
Clay, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Feasenden, Foster, Gieen,
dale, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter. Push, Rice, Seward,
Shields, Simmons, Stuart, Toombs, Wade, Wilson, and
j Yntee— 23,
! So the amendment to the amendment was re-
i jected.
i Mr. FESSENDEN7 I move that the Senate
j adjourn. It is impossible to get through with
i the bill to-night. It will take us till twelve o'clock
i to finish it.
| The motion was not agreed to; there being on
I a division—ayes 15, noes 29.
! Mr. YULEE. I would suggest, for the pur-
i poso of saving time, that the sections be read
successively, and voted upon one way or the
' other by th^ Senate.
- The PRESIDING OFFrCEE. The question
1 now is on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire to strike out the ninth section of the
amendment, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
' " Six:. 0. ,'lnd he 11 further enuctcd, That, ftom and after
, the l-ada\ or' July, 183D, m lieu of the rates of postage now
; er-tabh.-hed bv law, there shall be charged the following
late.-, to wit. Foi everysingle Uittei, in uianusciipt, orpa-
pei oi any kind, iu which information thai! be atked for or
■ communicated in wnting. or by mark-* oi signs, convoyed
| in the mail for any dMancc between places nt the United
1 States not exceeding tlneo thousand miles, five cents, and
[ for any di.-unce over thieo thousand nules, ten rents;
; and tor a double letter there shall bo cliatged double these
rate , and fur a treble letter, tteble these fates, ; and every
■ lerter or pnreel not, exceeding half an ounce in weight sh?!t
J be deemed a smsh* letter, and every additional weight of
! half an ounce or addiuonal weightofle^than halfan ounce,
! shall be chaiged with an additional single rate of postage.
[ And theie -ball be ehaiged for letters convoyed in the mail,
wholly or in pait by and to or fiom a foreign country,
with'fut K'g.ud to (U-tane^, fen cents for each halt ounce in
1 weu'lit. o<- addiuonal wcijht of le5-* than halt an ounce^ex-
hnwov-i, all m which ^ueh po?tag'' hail been
oi --ball b<  ai'iu-ted.u ditVieut laie- by poMal tieaty or con-
wiunm nlK-UiU p(.!!"!ii'Ii'<: oi Icreaiter to lie made. And
evui v It tt-'i or p'u k< l b.outdU into the United States, or car-
ried pom on'- poit therein to nnothei m any private ship or
ve- :el. shall be ehaiged with five cent^, it dehveied at the
povi oince wheie the same shall amve; and it destined to
be eenvejed theuet. by po=t to any place, two cents Khali
t be added to the ouiinatv rate.-; of postage. All diop letter?,
i or letter-, placed m any'poptotfiee, notioi tia.i^in^b!on,but
! lor deli\ ui \ unl\. shall bo chate-nl with po-.tage at the late
; ot one c-ent e.teh, to be prepaid by po-ta-ie stamps, andac-
i counted for a- othei letter post iue*. All letter's which shall
, iiereaftei be aavt i used as remaining ovci, or uncalled for, in
| any po^t office, t hall be charged wnh om* cent eacli m ad-
dition to the tegular postage, to be accounted fot as post-
, age^ now an.. And udou"all letters pis in  tlnough or hi
. the ni.iiN oi flu: t/'nited Hiate?, e\eep'a')C s-neli as are to or
' fiom aint.M'r'i ermnt! v. and Setters andpackages toand from
any ex PreHuciit ot the United States or any per.-on or per-
sjoo- to wti )in tiu: uaiiking piivilege ha^ been granted b/
i>nn,e. ami lener* ami packag >s to and tmm tlie olTieers Of
1 the Post oiTiee Department and of the Auditor's office oi
Oiliee ii tnient exclii.-i\ elv on official business,
tin1 mte < of p° h Ti bv <i«iabh-h(d sliuli be piep^'d bv
p.'-t.'u ' rituujw, (.i -.ta'ioed envelopes oi in money, if the
I'o-vlma-n' i (Jenoal shall *o direct,"
Mr. HALE. If I can get the attention of the
Somite, I will occupy hut very few minutes indeed.
' I look upon that section as the important feature
of the bill, and one upon which it bceom^s the
Senate (o give an understanding vote; and 1 may
say in the outset, 1 do not think the Senate have
iacls enough before them to authorize them to
vote on that question, or to perfect it so as to put
it in operation.
I do not know oxsieth' how lon<? ago, hut I
; think as much as six weeks, theie was addressed
; a direction m the Postmaster General hy thcSni-
ate, rcquestine, him to tu<nish the Senate with a
' list of th^ pr.'stigr-- i-ec«'.V"d in each Stats and
