1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£33
whether any provisions of law are necessary, by way of
amendment to existing laws which prohibit the African
slave-trade, to secure the effectual suppression thereof.
Mr. SEWARD. I propose to amend the res-
olution (50 as to read:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
whether any amendment to existing laws ought to be made,
tor the suppiession of the African slave-trade.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POLK asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 64) explanatory of " An act to amend an act
entitled,i An act supplemental to an act providing
for the prosecution of existing war between the
United States and Mexico, and for other pur-
poses;' approved July 19,1848;" which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. JOi&ES asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 488)
for the relief of the citizens and owners of prop-
erty in Omaha City, Nebraska Territory; which
was read twice by its title; and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 65) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to convey a portion of the Government lot, on
which the United States custom-house, in Rut-
land, Vermont, stands, in exchange for other land
adjoining said lot; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
election expenses.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed to in-
quire whethei any civil officer, clerk, or other person, in
the employ of the Government in any depaitment of ser-
vice, lias been, since the 4th of March, 1857, lecjuncd to
contribute a portion of his salary, pay, or compensation, in
any manner, to defray the expenses ol", or to he m any way
so used m any election dunng that period, or whether any
such officer, cleik, or other person has, duiing that period,
been removed fiom office because of any refusal or omis-
sion to comply with any such requirement; and that said
committee icpoit the facts ehcitecTby said inquiry, and also
what legislation is nece&saiy to prevent Hie employment,
directly or indirectly, of money to cany or influence elec-
tions; and that said committee beauthoiized to send for
persons and papcis, and examine witnesses under oath.
ROCK ISLAND RESERVATION.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (3. No.
487) to provide for the sale of the military reser-
vation of Fort Armstrong, known as the island
of Rock Island, in the State of Illinois; winch
was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to that reference. It is
a military reservation which has been taken out
of the body of public lands, and over winch,
therefore, the Committee on Public Lands has no
jurisdiction. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that the most
appropriate reference for the bill is to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. The tract of land m ques-
tion has, I understand, been turhed over to the
land department. I have no feeling as to what
course it may take; my design is to have the land
disposed of, not to benefit any particular individ-
ual at all. The only object, 1 believe, that the
parties who urge the passage of such a bill have
in view is, that it may not be maintained there as
public propetty. I believe that the War Depart-
ment has given notice that it no longer desires to
reserve the property. However, I do not wish to
go into the matter now. I brought in the bill with
a view to reference; that the facts may be inquired
into. I thought the Committee on Public Lands
most appropriate, as I understood the facts, and
I still think so: but I wiU not persist if there is
any particular reason why it, should go to another
committee
Mr. DAVIS. I do not suppose the Senator
has any feeling on the subject. It is hardly a
proper subject for feeling. It is a matter of dis-
posing of public property. 1 have no information
that this military reseivation ever has been sui-
rendered, nor do I conceive how, under the exist-
ing law, it could be surrendered to the Land Office.
You have passed a law which gave the Secretary
of War authority to sell it, not to turn it over to
the body of the public lands. If you did so, you
would turn it over to the laws of preemption.
Land which has become valuable by standing as
it does between two towns, if surrendered must
be to some one who, by going on it and setting
up a claim of preemption, would get it for 25
an acre.
Mr. STUART. I hope this subject will be re-
ferred to the committee on Military Affairs. The
suggestions which have been thrown out by the
chairman of that committee are simply the history
briefly of Rock Island. It would, if it were sub-
ject to the public land laws, be open to preemp-
tion. Various individuals have undertaken to ob-
tain preemptions there. Many have been the appli-
cations which have been made, some through the
Senate, and some otherwise, to the Committee on
Public Lands of the Senate with regard to it. I
have had my attention incidentally directed to it.
Whatever may have been done with that island
heretofore, has been done under the direction of
the War Department, whether by license to oc-
cupy or otherwise. All the legislation which has
been had with regard to it, has been m connection
with that Department, and there is every pro- j
priety in sending the proposition to that commit-
tee. 1 hope, therefore, that the Senator from Illi-
nois will withdraw his motion to refer the bill to
the Committee on Public Lands, and will allow it
to go to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am quite willing that it
shall go to the Committee on Military Affairs. I
made the motion for its reference to the other
committee merely because I supposed it most ap-
propriate, and as I understood the facts, I con-
ceived it to be so. But as Senators seem disposed
to think the Military Committee the proper one, I
withdraw the motion which I before made, and
am quite willing that the bill should go to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
ADMISSIONS ON THE FLOOR,
Mr. IVERSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its consideration at the present
time:
Resolved, That the order of the Senate of the 03d ultimo
in ielation to the admission of persons on the fiooi of the
Senate bo so amended as to admit heads of Departments,
the President's Pftvatc Becietaiy, Governors of the States
for the time beniL', lonNun ministers, ex-Senators, and
judges of the Supreme Couit.
There being no objection; the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move that the Mayors
of Washington and Georgetown be added to that
list.
Mr. IVERSON. The original resolution which
was passed by the Senate on the last day of our
session in the old Hall, was restricted to mem-
bers of the House of Representatives. It was
passed in a hurry and without much reflection,
and was merely intended to operate temporarily.
I took it for granted that the privilege was to be
extended, for I thought it was too restricted under
the terms of that resolution. The resolution
winch I have now presented by way of amend-
ment to the order made on the 23d ultimo, con-
forms to the order made by the House of Repre-
sentatives when they entered into their new Hall,
with the exception of the admission of foreign
ministers. They do not admit foreign ministers
because they have a gallery which has been ap-
propriated especially for the use of the diplo-
matic corps. We have no such gallery, and
theiefore it seems to me appropriate that foreign
ministers who are the representatives ofsovercign
; States, should be entitled to come on the floor of
■ the Senate. Tins courtesy, it appears to mc,
| ought to be extended to them as the representa-
j tives of foreign Governments.
I My resolution further includes judges of the
' Supreme Court and Governors of the States for
| the time being. The amendment of the Senator
■ from Michigan proposes to extend this courtesy
; to the Mayor of the city of Washington and the
i Mayor of the city of Geoigetown. Now, I do
not see the relation which the ruayois of these
two cities have with the Senate that warrants
i such a discrimination. They have nothing to do
; with the Senate, so far as I understand, on ac-
:' count of their official station. They may have com-
munications to make to the two Houses through
the committees, but I do not understand that it is
necessary for them to come oh the floor o£ the
Senate for the purpose of transacting any of their
official business. If they have anything to pre-
sent to the Senate, any official communiqatioti.tp
make, they must do it through other channetand
not here in person. They can do it by communi-
cation with the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia. I do not, therefore, see why the Mayor
of the city of Washington, as an individual,
should be any more allowed to come on'the floor
of the Senate, as a personal privilege, than" the
Mayor of the city of Baltimore, or the Mayor Qf
the city of New York, or any other mayor of any*
other cjty of the United States. The fact that he
is the Mayor of the city of Washington, does not
present any reason why he should be singled out
among all the mayors of the various cities of the
United States and be allowed this personal priv-
ilege. • - \
So far as the present Mayor is concerned, he is
my personal friend, and a man that I esteem very
highly, and I should be very happy to extend: any
privilege to him which I could consistently with
my conscience and judgment; but I must act on
general principles, and not with reference to the
particular individual who holds the office at this
time. I do not think the mayors of those cities
have any right to come upon the floor. I do not
think we ought to have them here, and I therefore
object to the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope my colleague will with-
draw his objection to the admission of these two
gentlemen. I think there is a vast difference be-
tween the Mayors of Washington and George-
town, and the Mayor of Baltimore; because they
are the highest civil authorities here. They rep-
resent a people who arc governed direetiy by Con-
gress. I think, therefore, they are fairly excep-
tional. I am inclined to think his resolution is a
good one; I am rather for restricting this privilege;
but they are the highest civil functionaries here;
they are the proper channels through which we
can communicate with the people of the District,
of whose legislation we have the exclusive care.
Therefore 1 think that the mayors of these two
cities are entirely exceptional from Baltimore, and
any other city in the Union, and ought fairly to
come in. I hope my colleague will withdraw the
objection, and with this amendment I think the
regulation which he proposes is a good one.
Mr. BROWN. I quite concur with the Sena-
tor from Georgia who last spoke, in favor of al-
lowing the Mayors of Georgetown and Washing-
ton to come on the floor of the Senate, if this
privilege is to be-extended to anybody. Congress
has the exclusive legislative power for this dis-
trict. The mayors of these two cities occupy a
very important official relation to the Federal
Government. They may be assimilated to the
Governors of the States, so far as a S>tate Legis-
lature is concerned. Who is it that speaks fora
State? The Governor. Who speaks for Wash-
ington? The Mayor. Would a State Legisla-
ture ever dream of excluding the Governor of the
State from the floor of either House of its Legis-
lature. The Mayor of Washington occupies the
same relation to this Congress, so far as he is
concerned, that the Governor of a State occupies
to the Legislature of a State. He is the chief ex-
ecutive functionary, and to exclude him would
seem to mc to be altogether wrong. I do not know
that there is any marked propriety in permitting
anybody to come upon the floor except the heads
of the Departments, the Private Secretary of the
President of the United States, and the members of
the other House of Congress; butif we arc going
to extend the privilege to Governors of States and
other officers not in any way connected directly
with the Congress, then it strikes me you could
not, without marked impropriety, exclude the
Mayor of the city of Washington, and if you take
him you must necessarily take the Mayor of
Georgetown. They are but two persons; but
they occupy, as 1 said in the outset, a very im-
portant relation to this body. Here is the only
Legislature in the world to which they can ap-
peal, speaking as the chief executive function-
aries of these two cities. I think there is a pro-
priety in allowing them, the privilege of the floor.
Mr. CLAY. It occurs to me, sir, that the rea-
son assigned for admitting the mayors of these
two cities is rather a reason why they should not
