224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5.
be admitted upon the floor of the Senate. I think
it is proper for them to make any communication
they desire to present to us in writing. They
surely do not wish to assist us to legislate for the
District of Columbia; and if they have business,
I do not think this is the proper place to transact
it. They will rather impede than assist the prog-
ress of public business. I approved very much
of the resolution as it was originally adopted,
with some amendments that are perhaps requisite.
The officers of the Senate—and, I think, the
clerks of the several committees of the Senate—
ought to be admitted upon the floor. As I un-
derstand the resolution at this time, I think it
does not embrace them.
Mr. IVERSON. The original resolution em-
braced all the officers of the Senate; and I think
they are officers of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I think this resolution had better
go to the appropriate committee—th§ Committee
on the Library—and let them regulate the matter,
as they can better do than the Senate, from their
experience and from conversing with officers of
the Senate, and ascertaining who it is that must
necessarily come upon the floor. I hope it will
take that reference. After the amendment is voted
upon, I shall move to refer the resolution to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ala-
bama remarked that if the Mayors of Washing-
ton and Georgetown had business with us they
might as well communicate it in writing. Why,
sir, this is a mere act of courtesy in any event, and
if the Senator's objection be a good one, it would
apply with as much force to the members of the
Cabinet. Cannot they communicate with us in
writing? It is simply proposed, as an act of
courtesy, to extend to distinguished individuals
occupying official positions the rightof admission
on the floor. The Mayois of Washington and
Georgetown occupy the same relative position to
these two cities that the Governors of the States
do to the States. Being an act of courtesy it seems
to me it could not be more properly extended to
any persons than to the Mayors of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown. I trust that the
amendment will be adopted, and the resolution
acted upon at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The Chair will state to the
Senate that unless otherwise directed the business
now in order is the bill to construct a Pacific rail-
road; the hour of one o'clock having arrived.
Mr. GWIN. I hope it will be taken up.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the mover of the
resolution now before the Senate, and to the Sen-
ator from California, to allow it to go to the Com-
mittee on the Library as the best disposition that
can be made of it.
Mr. IVERSON. I have no objection.
Mr. MASON. Let there be general consent. I
move its reference to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
Mr.KENNEDY. Before thatis done, I should
like to suggest to the Senate the propriety of ex-
tending the proposed courtesy further to ex-Sec-
retaries of the Departments.
Mr. MASON. Let that be considered by the
committee.
The resolution and amendments were referred
to the Committee on the Library.
THE VICE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS.
Mr. FOOT. I beg leave to offer a resolution,
to which I am sure there will be no objection:
Resolved, That the address of the Vice President, on tile
occasion of the Senate withdrawing fiom the, old, to take
possession of the new, Senate Chamber, be sptead m ex-
tenso upon the Journal of the Senate.
I understand that this is in accordance with the
uniform practice of the Senate. Whenever its
Presiding Officer has been called upon on any oc-
casion to address the Senate, as for instance, upon
his induction into office, his response to the cus-
tomary resolution of thanks, his remarks have
always been spread at length on the Journal.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PRINTING OF ADDRESSES.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That fifty thousand copies of the addresses
delivered yesterday in the late Senate Chamber, and the
prayers of the Chaplains on the occasion ofthe retiring of
the members of this body therefrom, be printed for the use
of the Senate.
GOVERNMENTAL EXPENDITURES.
Mr. STUART. The resolution which was up
yesterday, I suppose is strictly the business in
order at one o'clock, being the business on which
the Senate adjourned; and T wish to say to the
Senator from California, that I have prepared an
amendment which, I understand, will be satisfac-
tory to the mover of the resolution and to the
Committee on Finance. Let that be taken up, so
as to enable us to dispose of the question now.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to say that there is a Sen-
ator who has been prepared for a long time to
speak on the railroad question.
Mr. STUART. This will not occupy five min-
utes, if the Senator will allow it to be disposed
of.
Mr. GWIN. If it will not occupy more than
that, I shall not interpose any objection.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed to consider that resolution. I send the amend-
ment to the Chair to be read. It is to be added
t9 the resolution in the nature of a proviso.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That in case said committee shall not be afcJe
fully to comply with this resolution during the present ses-
sion of Congress, the duties shall be extended to the next
and subsequent sessions for the purpose of more mature
and complete action.
Mr. STUART. I understand that the Senator
from Virginia will withdraw his motion to sub-
stitute a select committee, and this is agreeable to
the mover of the resolution. We can take up the
question and dispose of it.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that amendment will
not be urged. It may be regarded by the com-
mittee to whom this subject shall finally go, as a
distinct intimation to them that the Senate do not
expect them to carry out this examination into
the expenses of the Government. It will be so
understood by the country. It will be time enough
at the end of the session, if the committee say they
have been unable to perform that duty, then to
give them power to continue.
Mr. GWIN. I must insist on the motion to
proceed to the unfinished business. This reso-
lution can come up to-morrow morning, in the
morning hour. It is, in fact, morning hour busi-
ness.
Mr. STUART. I do not agree to the idea that
the unfinished business is not the first business
in order to-day. That has been the uniform prac-
tice; and it was decided at the last session by the
Vice President that the unfinished business had
priority among the special orders—the business
oil which the Senate adjourned; and that is a
point which is of such importance to our proceed-
ings, that I am not willing to yield it. I am en-
tirely willing that this subject should be disposed
of, but I am not' willing that it should be under-
stood in the Senate that a special order is to over-
ride the unfinished business of the day before,
because that would lead us to great contusion in
our rules.
Mr. GWIN. The question that comes up is
not the special order, but the unfinished business
at one o clock of each day. I do not want to
make a point of order on the Senator from Mich-
igan, because that would consume more time,
doubtless, than it would take to dispose of this
question; but it is evident that Senators want to
look at this subject. I am willing to dispose of
it at once, but others are not.
Mr. STUART. Does the Senator understand
me? I am entirely willing that he should move
to postpone this resolution and take up his bill.
Mr. GWIN. I make that motion. I move
to postpone the resolution under consideration
until to-morrow morning.
The motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC GROUNDS.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to state to the Senate
that there is a bill pending proposing to enlarge
the public grounds surrounding the Capitol. It
is a matter of great moment that it should be acted
on at an early day, and I shall take the earliest
opportunity to-morrow morning, during the busi-
ness of the morning hour, to call it up with a view
of asking the action of the Senate on it.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 65) to authorize the President of the
United States to contract for the transportation of
the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war, and
all other Government service, by railroad, from
the Missouri river to San Francisco, in the State
of California.
Mr. BIGLER proceeded to address to the Sen-
ate an argument m favor of the construction of a
railroad to the Pacific, in the course of which he
was interrupted by a messenger from the House
of Representatives, who announced theaction of
that body in relation to the death of one of its
members. The whole argument may be found
in the next day's proceedings.
DEATH OF GENERAL QUITMAN.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. J. M. Bab-
clay, one of its clerks :
Mr. President : I am directed by the House of Repre-
sentatives to communicate to the Senate the proceedings
of the House on the death of Hon. John A. Quitman, late
a member of the House of Representatives from the State
of Mississippi.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the reading of the pro-
ceedings of the House.
The Secretary read, as follows :
In the House of Representatives United States,
Jamiary 5, 1859.
Resolved, That this House has learned with feelings of
deep regret the death, since the adjournment of the last
session of Congress, on the 17th of July last, of the Hon'.
John A. Quitman, a member of the House of Representa-
tives from the State of Mississippi.
Resolved, That in the death of General Quitman, the
country has lost a citizen eminent for his public and pri-
vate virtues, a soldier of the highest chivalry of character,
a statesman of the purest patriotism, and that his death is
deplored by the whole people of the country.
Resolved, That, as a testimony of respect for the memory
of the deceased, the members and officers of the House will
wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the proceedings in relation to the death
of John A. Quitman be communicated to the family of the
deceased by the Clerk.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for the mem-
ory ofthe deceased, this House do now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Clerk communicate these resolutions
to the Senate,
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the message
which has just been received sadly recalls to our
consideration t^e lots which not only Congress,
but the whole country, has sustained, as justly has
been described in the resolutions which have been
just read. During the past year, as a member of
the House, he was associated with us in the la-
bors of legislation. Years of experience had set
upon his brow the crown of wisdom and of pub-
lic confidence, and therefore his services became,
with every revolving year, more valuable to his
country; he yet retained enough of physical and
intellectual vigor to give promise that his life
would be long, and his career of usefulness add
much to his country's welfare. A soldier who
had so often been spared amid the storms of bat-
tle, it was but natural to expect would still con-
tinue to be the favorite of fortune. He was not
the one we should have supposed in the midst of
common danger would have been selected by the
hand of death for its victim. Yet the tide of time,
returning hoarse, bears as a wreck on its relent-
less wave, all that was mortal of the hero and
statesman, John A. Quitman. It is not my pur-
pose to attempt, in the language of eulogy, to de-
scribe the character and services of the deceased,
but briefly, very briefly, to refer to some of the
events of his life which connect themselves with
the history of the country, and serve to illustrate
some of the blessings of the institutions under
whjch we live.
He was a native ofthe State of New York, born
in the year 1799. Educated carefully by a pious
father, taught especially languages to fit him for
the holy ministry, his taste as he grew up led him
to seek a more active field. He emigrated to Ohio,
and was there admitted to the bar. After a brief
residence, about two years, he went on to the
State of Mississippi, settled at Natchez in 1829,
and there commenced his career as a lawyer. The
energy, the activity, the love of popular esteem
which constantly pressed him on to vigorous ex-
ertion, brought fame and wealth in their train;
brought more than these, the tribute of the appro-
bation of his fellow-citizens, and the iove of his
neighbors throughout his long and eventful life.
It was but a short time after his arrival in Mis-
sissippi that my acquaintance with him com-
menced, and I then realized what so many have
