1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
objection to gentlemen taking the pains to publish
these speeches and frank them. I am willing to
pay my part of the expense of carrying them, bad
as I may think some of them to be; but when
you undertake to resort to the productive labor
of this country to pay these extravagant political
expenses, it is a great outrage. I am willing to
reduce the expenses; I am willing to vote for a
reasonable charge on the printed matter; but we
shall get rid of the whole difficulty, in my deliber-
ate judgment, when we cut off the six million
pounds of printed matter which we now send free
through the mails, and pay for the cost of print-
ing it besides. The task of sending outso many
speeches is a great tax on members of Congress.
If they had to pay postage on them, there would
be an apology for not sending them; and it would
be a great saving to them to have that excuse.
The notion that you are going to increase your
revenue by adding to the burdens on letter post-
age, in my opinion, is altogether fallacious, even
as a revenue measure. When you come to dis-
tribute your burdens in proportion to the benefits
your PostOffice establishment confers, you have
got now a three-fold burden on the letter post-
age, according to the expense that is incurred in
carrying letters. Three cents a letter actually
amounts, on an average, to $1 50 a pound; but
when the Senator proposes to increase the rate
on printed matter, he puts it at sixteen cents a
pound. Is there any reason for that? Is there
anv reason for carrying printed matter at sixteen
cents a pound when you are charging ten-fold that
for carrying letters? i can see no reason for it;
I do not complain of carrying piinted matter at a
low rate, if you distribute the burden of it all
over the country; but when you come to select
one section of the Union to impose the burdens
on for carrying free matter all over the world, I
say it is an improper attempt to impose additional
burdens upon those who are least able to bear
them. Every one who knows anything about
the products of this country knows that theveiy
section which this measure is intended to relieve
of a portion of its burden, is the only section that
has been carrying on a profitable industry for
the last two years. I know something about the
productive industry of the country, and I know
that the region where most of this money is ex-
pended, is boasting, and justly boasting, of the
enormous profits of its agricultural productions.
I rejoice m it as much as they do. I wish the
benefit was more widespread than it is. I think
I may appeal to them not to impose this burden
upon that portion of their fellow-citizens, whose
productive industry is prostrated. Take the great
agricultural region of the Northwest, and take the
productive industry of the Northeast; they are
laboring under an incubus paralyzing their ener-
gies, with short crops and lowpricesin the North-
west, and low wages and nothing to do in the
Northeast. These are the sections of the coun-
try which are selected to impose these additional
burdens upon, in order to relieve sections that are
making their seven per cent, on every dollar's
worth of their productions.
I trust the proposed increase on letter postage
will be stricken out. No man can pretend that
the cost of carrying the speeches which are sent
out from this city by the million should be im-
posed on the business or the social correspond-
ence of the country, if we strike them off, we
shall be rid of very much of the burden we have
been laboring under for the last five years, and
especially of the system which has converted
Congress into a great book-publishing establish-
ment. But, sir, I will not detain the Senate; I
see they are impatient.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote
on this clause which is proposed to be stricken
out. I think, when we once decide that, we shall
-soon pass on the residue of the measure. The
matter has been fully discussed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The question is on striking out
the ninth section.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
The Secretary called the roll; and Mr. Allen*
answered to his name.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should be
exceedingly glad if gentlemen would give a can-
did vote here for the public interest* and not for
party motives 
Mr. HALE. That is what we are going to do
on this side.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not
in order: the Senator from Rhode Island has an-
swered to his name.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I did not hear
him answer; and I wish to say a few words. I
will ask the Senator if he did answer to his
name?
Mr. ALLEN. I answered in the negative.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will proceed with the call of the roll.
Mr. YULEE. I think the question is misun-
derstood. The motion is to strike out the ninth
section. Those who are in favor of retaining the
section, will vote in the negative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. I object.
The Secretary concluded the call of the roll.
Mr. BRODERICK. I rise to a question of
order. I have already cast my vote, but I desire
to ascertain whether I have cast it correctly. I
wish to raise the postage to five cent4?.
Mr. BROWN and Mr. YULEE. Then vote
" nay."
Mr. BIGLER. I was requested to state that
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Chesnut,]
and the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,] have
paired off.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have paired off with the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] If he were
here, he would vote in the negative, and I should
vote m the affirmative.
Mr. YULEE. I was desired to state that the
Senator from California [Mr. G win] had paired
; off with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
| Mr. KING. My colleague [Mr. Seward] has
] paired off with the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
! Mason".]
! The result was announced—yeas 19, nays 27;
| as follows:
! Y ICAS—Messrs. Bigler, Cameron, Chandler. Clark, Col-
I turner, Di\on, Douglas, Durkee, Fe^end'Mi, Foot, F<v.u r,
: Hale, Hamlm, Harlan, King, Simmons, Stuart, Tnmibuil,
; ami Wil-on—19.
navis—Allen, Renjarmn, Brodcrick, Brown,
Clay. Davis. Fitch, Fiupatrick, Green, Houston,
Hunter, fverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ton
nes-;oe, Jones, I4ane, Maltoiy, I'eaiee, Polk, Reid, Rice,
Sebastian, Shdeii, Smith, Waid, and Yulee—2"/.
So the ninth section of Mr. Yuleb's amend-
ment was not stricken out.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to amend the
amendment of the Post Office Committee by in-
serting at the end of the sixth section these words:
That so much of the twelfth section of the " act to estab-
lish eeitain post route-;, and lor other purposes'' approved
Maich 9, ltf'17, as appiopriates ,~"ju0,')uu each yeat ioi the
seivioe, thoiem monuoned, b«'. and the .«:nne i-,heioby,
icpeuled ; and that the eighth f-eetson of the act " to it-duett
and modiiv the lutes of postage iti ilie Untied State--, and
fot oihei [imposes,appioved Match 15, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
In 1845, when the postages were -reduced from
the old standard to five and ten cents, according
to distance, there was a provision made in that
II net for keeping an account of all the free matter
11 which was franked by the Departments and by
;j members of Congress, to be paid, at the end of
|! each year, out of the contingent fund of Congress
;j and the Departments. It was found so exceed-
1 ingly inconvenient to keep these accounts that,
in 1847, the act first mentioned in my amend-
ment was passed, providing that the Postmaster
General need not keep these accounts, but should
receive $200,000 a year for the service of the De-
partment m carrying franked matter—a standing
appropriation, in 1851, when the postage was
reduced to three cents, the present standard, there
was provision made for the same thing; and an
allowance of §500,000 a year was made for the
franked matter. These two acts together appro-
priated ^700,000 a year, which is a standing ap-
propriation, drawn by the Department from the
Treasuiy quarterly, to make up what the postage
docs not pay. Now, as this measure provides
for abolishing the franking privilege, i take it, as
a matter of course, these standing appropriations
for the franking seivice should be repealed.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly; I shall myself vote
for the amendment; it is very proper; but I sug-
gest that it be adopted as a part of section six, so
that, if our scheme should fail in the House of
Representatives, the repeal will not take effect.
Mr. COLLAMER. I moved it to come in at-
the close of the sixth section.
Mr. YULEE. As part of that section ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. YULEE. That is very proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I move to strike out
the seventh section, which is in these words:
(< Sec. 7. Jind he it further enacted, That the eighteenth
section of the "act to reduce the rates of po.nage," &c.,
approved March 3,1815, shall be so consttued as to pro-
hibit the Postmastet General from making contracts for the
transportation of the mail with any view to the transporta-
tion of passengers, and to restrict him in matting such con-
tracts to the acceptance of such bids only as shall provide
for the conveyance of the mails."
Mr. WILSON. This is a fair illustration of the
proposition now before us to increase the rate of
postage. The people who live in sections of coun«.
try that not only pay their own postage, but tens
of thousands of dollars over, are to be called upon
to pay an additional sum of money for postage,
not to carry the mails over the new and sparsely-
settled sections of the Union, but to run coaches
for the accommodation of the people of those sec-
tions. That is the whole of it. By the importu-
nities, by the influence of men from thinly-settled
sections, the Government of the United States, for
several years, has been putting on stagecoaches,
four-horse coaches, and covering the country with
these costly modes of conveyance at the expense
of the Post Office Department, not to carry the
mails, for the mails could be carried much cheaper,
but to keep up and run stage coaches, for the
accommodation of the people. In the State of
Texas it costs from four to five hundred thousand
dollars to carry the mails, and the postages re-
ceived from there amount to very little; but that
State, through the influence of a Senator now
passed away, has been covered all over with stage
coaches, for the accommodation of the people.
This expense comes out of the Post Office Depart-
ment; out of the pockets of the people. It is so
in some other portions of the country. By an im-
proper construction of the law, these costly modes
of conveyance have been kept up, and now you
propose to tax the people of those sections who
not only pay their own postage,but many thou-
sands of dollars more, in order to maintain four-
horse stage coaches, nor to carry the mails, but
to carry passengers. That is the whole of it; and
this proposition is to strike out the seventh sec-
tion, which does away with the gross abuse by
which $1,000,000, by the confession of the De-
partment, has actually been taken out of the
Treasury to establish stage coaches.
Then, bu, we have established I do not know
how many lines to California. The expenditures
incurred to carry the mail to California have
reached an enormous amount, so as to be an out-
rage upon the country. I notice that, in the re-
port of the Postmaster General, he speaksin this
way of carrying the mail across the Tehuantepec
route:
u Tehuantepec Is nearer to us, and lies within the Gulf
of Mexico, which is de tmed to be hereafter an American
f.ea, over the whole of which the United States must exer-
ci.-e, Srom overruling motives, a distinct and masterly con-
trol. ''
These routes have been established, these ex-
penditures have been incurred, not necessarily,
but to build up certain interests outside of carry-
ing the mail. Now, we propose to make the peo-
ple of New England and the central States, who
pay in postnge, every year, hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars more than the expense of carry-
ing the mails in their section of the country, put
their hands into their pockets and pay four or five
million dollars more for the benefit of other sec-
tion^ of the country; and the Senators who live
in those sections are forcing this increase of ex-
penditures upon us; and, not satisfied with that,
they propose to strike out a proposition to correct
a flagrant abuse.
Mr. BUODERICK. I regret very much, Mr.
President, that the Senator from Massachusetts
has seen fit to speak of the carrying of the mails
to California in the wav he has done. I know
nothing of the present Postmaster General: I do
not think I have ever exchanged a word with him;
nor has he ever consulted me m regard to any of
the mails, overland or by sea, to California. But
the Senator from Massachusetts has seen fit to
speak of the Tehuantepec mail. By that route
California is but fifteen days from New Orleans;
