MW
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
ahd-the people of my State are very much inter-
estedr in 'it J can state to the Senate., that the
atftount of money paid to the parties on that line
jSy I believe, only about two hundred thousand
dollars a year.- The Senator from Louisiana can
correct me if I am wrong.
• Mcv BENJAMIN. Two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, sir, after this line
established, all the other ocean routes->.can be
dispensed with. The great eastern maif-will go
from New York to New Orleans, and then by
way of Tehuantepec to California, five or six days
sooner than it would from New York to Panama,
and from there to San Francisco. 1 cast my vote
to raise the postage to five cents, bccause the peo-
ple of California pay ten cents; and I do not see
that they ought to be called upon to pay ten cents,
■when the people living on this side of the mount-
ains pay but three cents. I think five cents is a
very fair amount for them, if we are to pay ten
cents. If the Senator from Massachusetts, and
others occupying seats on this floor, will vote to
reduce our postage to six cents, I have no objec-
tion to theirs remaining at three cents; but as we
pay ten cents, I think it is not a very great hard-
ship to the people on this side of the mountains
to pay five.
Mr. YULEE. A single word in reply to the
Senator from Massachusetts. Lie charges that a
section ofcountry,(Isupposethe South,)after im-
posing an increased rate of postage on the North,
propose now to strike out that provision which
imposes a restraint upon themselves;alleging that
the large amount of coach service is performed in
the southern States. Now, a single fact will re-
fute at once ins asseition and his argument. I
have hastily, during the course of ins atgumenf,
calculated the comparative coach service in only
a part of the northern States. The total coach
serviceis fifty thousand seveu hundred and thirty-
nine miles; and out of that the New England
States and New York, New Jcrsoy,and Pennsyl-
vania, have sixteen thousand. Addinga few other
northern States, not all of them, that J could net
down and calculate within the time, they have
twenty-seven thousand six hundied and seventy-
three; and then, including the overland service to
California, which may be Considered n northern
service aiao, they have in the northern Slates over
thirty thousand of the fifty thousand miles of
coach service. iMore than thai: they have m the
northern States, of the railroad .service, which is
the costly and valuable service, eighteen million
miles per annum, against seven million in the
southern States. Thus, both in the coach service
and the railroad service, the northern States,
"which thegentleman says we ate disposed tostnke
at, are receiving mote advantages from, and cost
more to the postal department than the other sec-
tion, though that did not at all enter into the con-
sideration of the committee m their action on this
question.
Mr. WILSON, I want to say to the Senator
from Florida what I have no doubt he knows—for,
judging from his remarks heie to-day, 1 think he
understands all matters connected with the Cost
Office Department very well—that the New Eng-
land States and the middle States, whatever may
he the co<st of carrying the mails, and however
many thousand miles the mails may be earned,
pay for carrying them, and have thousands of
dollars more.
Mr. CLAY. I do not know it.
Mr. WILSON. Then if lie will look to the
six western States, the new free States of the
"West, he will find that they fail, by $690,00U, to
pay for carrying the mails in those States, it" he
%viil lookatthe fifteen slave States ofthe Uniorv he
will find that they fail, by $2,400,000, to pay tneir
expenses. I do not know how much California
costs, but I know that it costs an immense sum of
money to carry the mails to California. As was
paid by the Senator from New Hampshire, to-
day, $600,000, equal to the cost of all your for-
eign mail service, are expended for sending a
"wagon away down by Arizona to California.
I do notknowprecisely, and 1 do not think it im-
portant to say here, wnether there are more stage
coaches employed in carrying the mails in the
northern than in the southern States. Wc are
content with the proposition of the Senator from
Florida, as it stands upon that point, and I will
vote for it in this respect, and against the motion
of the Senator from Alabama to strike out this
restriction, because the evidence is clear before
us, admitted by the Post Office Department, that
the law has been interpreted in away that has
cost us annually about a million dollars. Why
has it been so interpreted? When these abuses
have risen to such a frightful extent, why does
not the Postmaster General have the courage to
act the part of a statesman, and at once construe
the law as it was intended, and as it means? In-
stead of that, he asks the Congress of the United
States to put the right construction upon the law,
and the Post Office Committee have reported in
favor of doing so. I stand by that section, and
I am opposed to striking it out.
Now, sir, a word to the Senator from Califor-
nia. After the magnanimity and generosity ever
shown towards his Slate and his section of the
country, by the Representatives of that portion
ofthe Union from which I come, Imustexpress
my surprise that he should have voted to-day to
impose this increase of taxation upon the people
of my section, who pay the expense of their mail
transportation, and a great deal more, especially
when we have now not less, I think, than five
mail routes to reach California, although we might
carry the mails by an inland route, and one ocean
route by way of the Ishmus of Panama or Te-
huantepec, I do not care which. I agree with
him that the Tehuantepec route will probably be
the speediest mode to reach California; but why
keep up your Panama route; why keep up the
Tehuantepec route, and why keep up the route
across Nicaragua, at a large annual expense for
each ? and why keep up two inland routes to Cal-
ifornia at such an enormous expense? Why
should these expenses be put upon us, and why
should wo be subjected to the expense of estab-
lishing stage coaches all over Texas, and all over
other thinly settled portions of the Union? While
these things exist, 1 ask why those of us who
pay our postage should have this additional bur-
den thrown upon us ? I do not believe ltjust. Iam
surprised at the vote of the Senate making this
change. We have abolished the franking priv-
ilege. I gave my vote most cheerfully for that.
1 now propose to stand by this section, which I
think will correct another abuse, and 1 trust the
Senate will stand by it.
Mr. FITZPATR ICiC. I know the impa-
tience ofthe Senate, and I am not disposed to tres-
pass upon their kindness; but 1 am surprised at
the argument used by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. He goes upon the hypothesis that this
stage service is intended entirely for the travel-
ing public, and not to furnish mail facilities. It
has existed almost since the foundation of the
Government. We have had stage coaches run-
ning sincc I can remember; and f trust we shall
continue to have them running until there are
other modes of conveyance more adapted to the
public convenience.
The Senator from Florida has pretty effectually
answered the argument of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, by showing that it is not the stage
servicc that has absorbed the vast amount of
money which has been drawn from the Federal
Treasury, but it is the heavy raihoad scrvice and
the large compensation paid to the railroad com-
panies that has thrown the Post Office Depart-
ment on the Treasury for support. The Post Office
Department was self-sustaining until within a
few years past, when such exorbitant demands
were made by railroad companies, and the Gov-
ernment has been literally put at the mercy of
these institutions. But what has caused the
treasuiy of the Department to be drained so heav-
ily but the reduction of postage ? Much has been
said here in reference to particular sections not
contributing their quota to sustain the Post Office
Department; but what has been the cause of it?
It has been the low rate of postage, which has
inured to the benefit of the northern section of
this country. If the money has not been drawn
from the South in the shape of postage, it has
been drawn from them in the shape of impost du-
ties, and then taken from the Treasury of the
United States to sustain the mail service in that
section of the country. I am willing to yield to
every section all the mail facilities which the
warns of the country require; but it is well known
that in many portions coaches are essential to the
convenience and comfort of the community. I
shall not detain the Senate. I simply say that the
section which I move to strike out is literally put-
ting the entire coach mail service of the country
under the control of a solitary individual. It is
at his will and mercy, whether we are to have
mail service or not m sections of the country
heretofore accustomed to it, and who will com-
plain, and complain justly, unless it is continued
and awarded to them.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am very sorry that the
Senator from Massachusetts has exhibited so
much feeling in regard to the vote I have cast on
this occasion. I would remind the Senator that
the people of his State, next to New York and
Pennsylvania, probably, have more ofsjtheir num-
bers in California than any other State in the
Union; and his constituents are compelled to pay
ten cents for every letter they send to California;
and the people in my State who formerly lived in
Massachusetts, are compelled to pay the same
for their-letters which they send to Massachu-
setts. I expect the Congress of the United States
to sustain the mails between the Atlantic States
and California; but I think I should be derelict,
if I were to stand here and vote to keep the post-
age at three cents for any distance under three
thousand miles, while it is ten cents for any dis-
tance over three thousand miles. If the mail were
transmitted overland to California, the people of
my State would be compelled to pay but three
cents for their letters instead of ten. The great
bulk of the mail goes by way of Panama, and
the postage is ten cents, the distance being over
three thousand miles. I will vote with the Sen-
ator, at the proper time, to dispense with those
mail routes to California which I can be satisfied
are unnecessary.
My colleague is absent. He is more acquainted
with Post Office business than I am; for he is a
member of the committee, and has given his at-
tention to it. At the proper time, when he is
present, and when the Post Office appropriation
bill comes m from the House of Representatives,
which I suppose will be to-morrow, or next day,
I shall be ready to vote with the Senator from
Massachusetts, to cutoff all unnecessary routes
to California, if the Butterfield party shall have
the opportunity of taking the most direct route
from the Missouri river to my State.
But, sir, I rose merely for the purpose of just-
ifying my vote. I tlnnk that if the citizens on
this side of the mountains have to pay but three
cents for transmitting letters to any distance
under three thousand miles, ten cents is a very
exorbitant price for letters transmitted over three
thousand miles; and for that reason, least my
vote in favor of the amendment before.
Mr. BIGLER. I regret exceedingly the neces-
sity of detaining the Senate for a moment, because
I know how impatient Senators are; but my
friend from Florida has made statements so di-
rectly in conflict with the estimates which I sub-
mitted to the Senate, that I feel required to say a
word in defense of the exhibit which 1 made here.
In order to arrive at correct conclusions on this
subject, we must start on a proper basis. I start
on the basis of population; and in order to get
clear of all difficulty on this subjcct, I will waive
the question of receipts entirely, and take up, on
the ratio of population, the question of expendi-
ture, and expenditure only; and I tell my friend
from Florida that he is utterly and entirely mis-
taken. I do not care what kind of service it may
be, whether coach service, or horse service, or
railroad service, the estimates which I submitted
here, and the statements for five years past, are
correct, and they contradict positively the allega-
tion that the principal expenditures have been
East and North, and in the middle States.
Mr. YITLEE. I do not know what tables the
Senator refers to; but if he means to attack any
table I have used here to-day, I hope he will state
it, and I shall be prepared to verify it.
Mr. BIGLER. I mean that, a few days
since, I presented the expenditures in the several
States  
Mr. POLK. Was that in the tariff speech ?
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir; I presented the local
expenses; the expenses for postmasters, and for
transportation, in the several States, for five years,
showing, beyond dispute, that the expenditures
from the common Treasury, on the ratio of popu-
lation, are twice, three times, and in many in-
stances four times, as heavy in the southern and
western States as in my own, and the other mid-
