228
TIIE CONGRESSJPNAL GLOBE.
January 5,
the bold spirit of the heroic few, whose canvas to
the breeze is ever set, whether storms or calms
ensue. >
As a man, such was his noble bearing, and the
manly graces of his person, that it might well be
saidofiiim "that every god had seemed to have
set his seal upon him, to form a more perfect
image of his own divinity." A's a statesman,
such was the purity of his patriotism that if the
crown of empire had been offered to him, he
■would have spurned it for the liberties of his
country. As a soldier, such was his daring that
wo field of danger would ever have witnessed his
retreat; but his sword and his epaulet upon his
corpse, with his face to the foe, would have
marked the place of his fall, if his courage and
skill could not have achieved the victory.
If he had a fault, there stood by its side a vir-
tue so prominent as to overshadow it^ and, if not
entirely to conceal it,to give to itits own coloring
to such an extent as to shade it from the common
observation. If he committed an error, there
stood out the purity of his motives, challenging
the admiration of his friends, and commanding
ihe respect of his opponents; and what might
have been censured or condemned in others, was
overlooked in him; such was regarded the purity
of his heart, that even his errors were forgiven.
But I dwell too long upon his character and the
incidents of his life.
General Q,uitman died at home, in,the bosom
of his family, surrounded by friends and the affec-
tions of warm hearts, which were buried with
him, and which will sleep with him in his grave
forever; and, though it was sad, yet it was sweet
to see him die—to witness from its frail tenement
depart a spirit for earth too noble, gone to dwell
with God,
He was borne to his lact resting place, attended
by a concourse of citizens and friends who loved
and admired him when living, and who wept for
him in death. He was buried with the honors
of that noble order of which he was a bright
member, who gave to him the first place amongst
them on earth, which he shall hold at the right
hand of the Grand Master in Heaven. lie was
buried also with civil and military honors; and
the booming of cannon,the roll of the muffled
drum, and the silent tread of citizens and eoldiers,
gave deep solemnity to the occasion. His saber
and his plume are laid by his side; and the one
shall never wave, and the other shall never glitter
again upon the battle-field. His aims are folded
upon his breast, and shall never again be raised
in defense of his country's honor, or in vindica-
tion of his country's wrongs. His voice is still
in death, nnd shall no more lie heard m the council
chamber to advise, or on the battle-field- to com-
mand .
IIis grave is in the city of Natchez, near his
own beloved Monmouth, on the bank of •the
migh(y Mississippi, whoso turbid waters shall
roll mingling with his fame forever.
The people of his State have provided to erec-t
him a monument, not to perpetuate his memory
with them—for that shall live in their hearts for-
ever—but to show their appreciation of Ins vn-
tues, and to point the pilgrim stranger to the place
where his sacred dust reposes, when he shall
vi^it that hallowed spot. And while he there
sleeps well, "the hues of fame which aanopy lus
noble name shall ne'er grow dim;" but fading
into brighter colors, shall forever biighten on, to
mingle with the sunlight of his immortality.
Mr. Speaker, 1 send to the Clerk's desk resolu-
tions, which I ask may be read and adopted.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That tin* Uoum? Juus learned with (Jeep regret
fhi: death, since the adjoin nnietit of the lewt jon of Con-
prt^*-, on of July ln<t, of Hon. John A. Quitman,*
a member of the House oi itepiesentatives from the State
el iVIifhis-Mppi.
Resolved, That in the death of General Quitman the
eountiy has lost a citizen eminent lor lux public and pn-
\ate virtues, a soldier of the highest chivalry of chaiaetei,
•v statesman of the purest patriotism, aud that his death is
deploied by the whole people of the country.
Received, That as a testimony of respect for the mwnoiy
of the deceased, the membeis and officer of this Ifou^e
wear the usual badge of mourning for thuty da\ -
Resolved, That the proceedings m relation to the death
of Hon. John a. Quitman,be communeated to the fetunly
uf the deceased by the Clerk.
Resolved, That as a further mark of respect tor the mem-
oiy ot the deceased, this House do now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Clerk communicate these resolutions
to the Senate.
Mr. BONHAM. Mr. Speaker, it is fit that
South Carolina should drop a tear on the grave of
GeneralCIuitman. He was, for years, the trusted
friend and correspondent of her own Calhoun;
and no one out of her borders was more nearly
the exponent of her political principles, o.r had
more the affections of her people. They admired
him whilst living, and dead he will never be for-
gotten.
It was first my fortune to meet him on the eve,
of his leading his brilliant division into the valley
of Mexico. I was struck with his manly form and
his proud and determined bearing, as he passed
before his troops, alongwhose lines rang deafen-
ing cheers for their gallant leader. He was then
in the pride and glory of manhood, and a nobler
specimen of genuine manliness I have seldom
looked upon. But', sir, when I again met him,
at the beginning of the last session of Congress,
after the lapse of but nine years, how different
his appearance ! The powerful form of the gal-
lant chieftain was bent by disease, and the heart
of friendship could but be startled at the change.
In every part which he was called upon to play
on the active theater of life, he never fell below
the highest mark of public expectation, and often
went beyond. On the bench h^was a pure, able,
and upright judge. In the councils of the Con-
federacy he "impressed all with his wisdom and
sterling integrity. If there was any one trait in
his character more prominent than all others, it
was his love of the truth—that honesty which
makes " man the noblest work of God."
He was wise in the council of wat—bold in con-
ception—cool in action—in the charge. " dread-
ful as the storm." His dashing passage along
the aqueduct from Chapultepee to the Gareta of
l>elen- -carrying two fortifications in rapid sue- I
cession, the latter before the very mouths of the |
I cannon of the citadel—has seldom if ever been !
! surpassed in boldness of conception or biilhancy
! of execution.
| As a commander, he was beloved by his troops;
i and no man ever possessed, in a more eminent
'■ degree, the respect and confidence of those with
j whom he acted, in peace or in war, how divcr-
j gent soever their views. i
| Conscientiously faithful in the performance of
| every public duty, he displayed, as chairman of
t the Committee on Military AiFairs, during the last
'session of Congress, a degree of attention jjnd
| energy which none but a robust frame could sus-
, tain, and which doubtless contributed to speed the
! Hefting sands of life,
j Ills style of oratory was not ornate; it was
; concise, clear, cogent, lie disdained mere orna-
! mont, and went direct to bis object. Hence ho
, never spoke that he did not command the ear of
i the. House, and that, too, without wearying the
attention. It is within the memory of us all that
, during the last session he was, by unanimous
consent, urged to go beyond his hour.
Into the abode of pi i vat e grief 1 will not intrude.
, Let us hope that the "Divinity which shapes our
ends" will apply the balm to that wound which,
: for llis o.wn wise purposes, He has inflicted.
 Sir, not. only for South Carolina at large do I
pay this heartfelt tribute. I speak most especially
for that portion of her citizens—the remnant of
that reg.mfent which ho so gallantly and success-
; fullv led in the glouous victories on Chapul tepee's
, Heights, and at the iJelon Gate. Less than two
1 years since, in this Hall, he took part in paying
the last honors to one of their most cherished and
■ gallant companions in arms. On the 4th of May
last, he joined this remnant, at a meeting of their
' association, of which he was an honored member,
; as their anniversary orator. Little did they then
: think they would so soon hear of the death of
' their beloved commander. Who can know what
the morrow will bung forth !
" Our Iivv-j ate uvei«\  luhn2 free !
To that unf.uhontui, boundless sea,
TJie silent jjuvc ! '
Tlnthei all eairidv pomp nnd botM >
Roil, to be swallowed up and lo-.t
In one daik wave.'1 '
Their wail went forth through all the land at 1
the sad tidings of his death; but here, too, they 1
ask to lay achaplet on his honored grave. I
On the banks of the mighty Father of Waters i
sleeps the patriot, warrior, statesman. O'er his i
grave will weep the willow, and the cypress and ■
pine sing their gentle dirge. The marble shaft 1
will lift high its head in memory of his virtuous
deeds;- but in the hearts of his countrymen is al-
ready erected his mostgrateful and enduring mon-
ument.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
when at the commencement of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, I took my seat on this floor as a Rep-
resentative of a portion of the people of Tennessee,
1 found myself among the youngest members of
that body. The distinguished man whose death
we this day mourn, though,like myself, a mem-
ber for the first time, ranked amongst the oldest
and ablest of the House. Up to that time it had
not been my good fortune to form his personal
acquaintance. I had observed with pecuhairpleas-
nre his high and honorable course as a public man.
I had listened in my youth with eager ear to the
words of my paternal ancestor, who, like General
Q,uitmant, had identified himself with the early
history of the Lone Star State m her struggle for
independence, and who had been associated with
him upon the battle-fields of Mexico, as he de-
tailed the pait which he took in that memorable
struggle—a part, sir, which entitles the name of
Quitman to a place on the brightest page of its
history. Under these circumstances, and repre-
senting here a State adjoining to the one repre-
sented by him, it is not strange that I sought and
obtained his acquaintance.
By the gentleness of his manners, and his words
of kindness and encouragement, he soon won my
warmest personal regard and friendship; and it
gives irie great plcasuie to add, that on many oc-
casions he evinced that the regard was mutual.
He was a true friend to young men, and he was
fond of their society. This arose, no doubt, sir,
partly from the natural youthful flow of his spir-
its and partly fioin afixed principle. Ttgave him
pleasure to Mir up the ardor of youth, and to stim-
ulate the ambitious minds of the young men of
the country to the attainment of high and honor-
able ends. On one occasion when I had \isited
him, in company with a valued young ftiend, our
conveisation turned on the piesent and prospect-
ive condition of the country. We suggested that
a crisis had arrived which required the mature
wisdom of age and experience to navigate the ship
of State through the storm, and save the Repub-
lic for a higher and nobler destiny than it had yet
attained. It was then that I understood and ap-
preciated his partiality for the young minds of the
country. He arose from his seat, and with an
earnestness of manner, peculiar to himself, said:
" No sir; their opinions are foimed, their habits
of thought and principles settled. You are mis-
taken in your reliance upon the antiquated poli-
ticians of the country. 1 rely for the future, for
the eoriection of present abuses and the estab*
lishment of proper reforms in this Government,
upon the rising generation of statesmen. It has
been among the most pleasing duties ot my life
to endeavor to instill pioper principles of govern-
ment into the minds of the young men of the
country, and I am happy to believe that my la-
bois have not been entirely fruitless."
It is but natural, sir, that sentiments such as
these should have more strongly attached me to
him. He won my warmest friendship and entire
confidence. Indeed, sir, whilst I feel, in common
with the people of the United States, the great
loss we have sustained in his death, my grief is
rendered more intense by the strength of those
attachments.
At the close of the last session we traveled to-
gether honiewaids. Disease then had nearly done
its work, and death seemed to have already laid
his cold and clammy hands upon him. I was a
constant companion of a greater part of his jour-
ney. I thought that I saw that the good man was
fast failing; and his condition, coupled with my
high regard and admiration for his military, po-
litical, and personal character, induced me to be
unremitting in my attentions to him. Several now
around me were with us. They will lemember
with what apprehension I regarded his condition.
We parted. As I &hook his hand upon our fare-
well greeting, 1 felt that I was parting ne'er to see
him more. It was a parting, the feeling of which
on my part, concealed frqm him, was of no ordi-
nary character. I thought that it was a final fare-
well, and that my friend must soon go to that
"undiscovered country from whose bourn no
