1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
die States, and in the New England States. For
five years the State of Pennsylvania drew out, m
expenditures for mail service, $2,71)0,000. On
the basis of Florida, taking the ratio of popula-
tion, Pennsylvania would have been entitled to
$13,000,000 in that time.
Mr. YULES. I do not know what use the
Senator proposes to make of that table; but I will
say to him that it costs as much to drive a coach
and four horses over a country not occupied by
people at all, as over ft country very fully occu-
pied , as we have experience in our overland mans
to California.
Mr. BIGLER. That does not meet the point
at all. 1 am talking about the expenditures within
the different States, and I hold that population is
the proper basis upon which to test that ques-
tion. X will take the State of Louisiana; and
whilst Pennsylvania drew $2,700,000 in five years,
on the basis of Louisiana Pennsylvania would
have been entitled to §32,000,000. According to
the expenses in Texas Pennsylvania should have
received $13,000,000; and according to those in
Illinois she would have been entitled to g7,000,000.
This has nothing to do with the receipts. It is
simply the local expenditure for transporting the
mail and paying postinasteis—-an account tluit
cannot be disputed or gainsayed. It is perfectly
conclusive; it demonstrates itself. 1 was surprised
that my clear-minded friend from Florida should
make a statement which would evidently conflict
with this.
Now, as to the general expenditures—the ex-
penses connected with the general Department,
the foreign expenses, and the Pacific expenses—1
take the suggestion of the Postmaster General,
and divide them pro rata amongst the States ac-
cording to their representation. You have to go
to the local expenditures and local receipts to test
this question.
One word further before I yield the floor. I
do not complain of keeping up the service. It is
almost a necessity, and for my part I vote for it
with pleasure. You must sustain the new States
and Territories; you must give them mail facili-
ties. Such facilities are indispensable to the
growth of the country, and unavoidably the ex-
penditures fall upon the old States that are densely
populated. For one, my State is willing to bear i
that as one of the incidents of the Government, j
Our people go West; our hardy pioneers are j
found in every one of your Territories and new |
States, and we send after them the mall and the j
agencies of civilization. They arc indispensable ,
to the prosperity and progress of a new country, i
I make no complaint; but a fact so clear, end a
bounty like this,, so generously given, ought at
least beacknowledgi'd by my fnentl ftom Floiida. j
air. YULKE. A xm-le word   !
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. SrcAiu.) s
The Chair \\ ill allow this debate to go on by i
unanimous consent. |
Several Sgm.vtoils. I object.
Mr.YULEE. 1 much iuefer a vote to debate. steam
Mr. IVERSON. i shall have to rise to a point jj coach
of order, and call for the enforcement of the rule.
Mr. CXjAY. I simply rise to ask for the ques-
tion. I have a great deal to say; but 1 do not
think it necessary.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK called for the yeas and
liays; and they weie oi dered.
Mr. HOUSTON. The honorable Senator from
Mass 
Mr. HUNTER.. Has not the Cnair decided
debate to be out of order'
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 think it necessary to make
a remark or two. I have no disposition to make
a speech; I am not in the habit of it. ["Go on. ']
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts stated
that there was a great deal of mail service in
Texas at most extravagant rates; but he has not
asserted nurshowti that the set vice was unneces-
sarily enlarged in that section. I have a fact to
state, that will satisfy the gentleman that the fa-
cilities have not been equal to the demand. At
one place on a mail route, 1 have seen the mail
matter accumulate until it reached foity-one large
bags, which could not be transported in a two-
horse stase, and it was necessary to employ four-
horse stages for that purpose, and to make the
trips tri-weekly instead of bi-weekly. Similar
facts exist all over the State. It the gentleman
Whenever he will show that they are unneces- i
sarily great, I shall consent to curtail them. I I
have nothing to say in vindication of the overland |
service to California. I know they arc exorbitant
! in their charges for the sei vice; and I do not know
that it has been productive of any very good re-
sults. I do not think it necessary for the gentle-
man to get in a bad humor, or declaim about a
thing that he knows nothing of, and that he has
no reason to denounce. I hope, hereafter, he will
inform himself in relation to matters of the kind,
and then I will discuss them with him. whenever
he will adduce reasons in support of his posi-
tion.
Mr. SMITH. Do I understand that this de-
bate is out of order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. StuauI'.)
The Chair decided that the range of debate which
was going on at the tune he interposed was out of
order.
Mr. SMITH. I conceive, then, that I shall be
in order if 1 submit a very few remarks. [" Very
few!"] Senators around me suggest "very
few." Well, sir, they shall be very few, and
right to the point. I regiet, Mr. President, that,
being so new here, I am called upon to say any-
thing; but 1 rise for the purpose of supporting the
proposition to strike out the seventh section of
this amendment of the Post Office Committee, in
opposition to the views enunciated by the Senator
from Massachusetts; and I feel impelled to do so
from the fact that tilts section, as it stands, affects
the people of the Pacific coast more than any
other portion of the people of the United States.
The gentleman from Massachusetts insists that
this shall remain in thebil!, he icstsIUhc motion
to stnke it out, and wherefore? Because Massa-
chusetts, on account of her numbeis and wealth, |' ahidm
and her railroad facilities, lias no need of its re-
tention. Sir, Massachusetts was once young and
new. Massachusetts, in her histoiy, had mail
facilities before the application of steam to the
propulsion of cars upon land; before the mag-
netic telegraph was invented and used for the con-
veyance of intelligence. Then Massachusetts
stood at the doors of the Capitol hlo1 an insatiate
leech, crying, ''give! give! give! " Massachu-
setts, a manufacturing; community, has applied,
from the origin of the Government to this hour,
to the Congress of the nation, iepresenting a
common constituency, for piotection. Massa-
chusetts has demanded of this Government that
it should be protected m its local intei ests, and in
its local pursuits; and it has had protection until
the lords of the ioom have waxed fat; until Mas-
sachusetts has become rich, and holds tlie purse-
strings of the nation; and she says she will no
hi.ig'.i suffer the new States of this Union to draw
upon th'"1 r< sources of the nation. Sir. the i.ittle
ot the mail cnaeh. and tie; diiver's horn, were
hea.-d in New England long before Ii e y had rail-
road fee.lilies, and then they were willing to draw
upon tile resources of the nation; but now that
Hid electricity have superseded
and New England, in the plenitude
power and wealth, is enabled to support her own
facilities, the gentleman from Massachusetts gets
up here with a great deal of self-complacency, and
appeals to the wealth, to the resources of Alassa-
chasetts, and her centrioution to support com-
mon postal facilities, and says she pays more than
her 1-ala. Does she? Is nothing due to the
new States of the Union; nothing due to the mighty .
West? Or Will you insist that Oregon and Call- ji Union
forma shall be limited m tiieir postal facilities to ' *""" "
Mr. SMITH. Will the Chair repeat what.be-/'
said? I do not exactly understand him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair .
stated that he only arrested the debate before^
t when he thought it had gone as far as the- Senate
I desired to hear it; but that so far as concerns ftiro-i ;
self, he has no objection to hearing the Senator :
from Oregon to any extent that it pleases him to.;- ?
g'°- ' • "VI' •
Mr. HUNTER. I hope gentlemen will con-
fine themselves to the debate in order. We want
to get the question. . "
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This debate is. '
not in order on the motion now pending.' ' .
Mr. BRODERICIC. I hope thegentleman will
be allowed to proceed.
Mr. WILSON and others. Go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Senator will proceed.
Mr. SMITH. I have the consentof the dis-
tinguished Senator from Massachusetts to pro-
ceed. I said, Mr. President, that Massachusetts
had applied at the doors of the Capitol for protee-
| tion, and now she receives a very large propor-
tion of her circulating medium from the Pacific
i coast, and she receives a large proportion of the
materials for her industry and wealth from the
] southern States of this Union. In possession of
| the cotton of the South, and in possession of the
I gold of the Pacific, she turns round and makes
1 war upon the South and upon the Pacific, andthe
j facilities of intercommunication with the Pacific.
! Now, 1 inquire, who is benefited by the postal
I intercommunication with the Pacific coast? Are
I not the people of New England and of the sea-
j board States? What are their commercial rela-
tions with the Pacific? Have they nota subsisting",
and paramount interest in postal com-
munications with the Pacific coast? Oh, yes,says
tin gentleman; but we will retain the seventh sec-
tion of this amendment, and inhibit the Postmas-
ter General from making any contract on any route
whereby passengers shall pass to and fro between
this and the Pacific coast. The gentleman's own
constituents, commercial men of New England,
commercial men of the Atlantic sea-board go to
the Pacific coast in pursuit of gain and commer-
cial enterprise, but. the Senator would not allow
the Postmaster General to make any contract
With any view to the accommodation of passen-
gers to the Pacific coast. Judging by the gentle-
man's speech, and other speeches which have
been made on that side of this proposition, we
should infer that those States were not only in-
dependent and soveieign in a general sense, but
that they were independent and sovereign, so far
mi the postal arrangements of the Government
were concerned. I do not so understand it. I un-
derstand that the Congress of the United States,
as the custodian, the guardian, the representative
of all the Steies, regulates the postal arrange-
ments of this Government, and if that be so. why
   is it that Massachusetts gets up here and says: I
the stage- ji have paid sixty-two and a half cents more than
ude of her i! vou have, and therefore, you are not entitled to
'! these facilities' If it be a governmental arrange-
ment; if the United States Government, speak-
ing through the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, control this matter; wherefore should one
State insist that it ought to pay no more than its
sister State into the revenue of the Post Office
Department? Sir, I hold it to be (he duty of the
Government, the duty of the elder States of this
Union, a paramount duty, and an interest1 as.
well as a duty,to afford to the new States,to the
the amount, as compared With Massachusetts, ,
winch they pay foi postal facilities ? ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair j
would suggest to the Senator from Oregon that |
hisicmeaks are in the same vein which hear-;
rest" d 11! fore. The Chair thinks that the present |
comments of the Sc nator are not applicable to the i
motion hetore the Senate. j
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman from Oregon i
submits to the decision of the Chair with this I
amendment, that ihe Chairdid not stop the other :
gentleman until lie got tnroutrh. [Laughter.] j
° The PKESID.NU OFFICER. The Cnau id- '
lowed a Very Wide range of debate, and only made ;
a suggestion to ihe Senate that he thought that it
had «one to a ic nsth winch the Senate would not ;
lie Wilhng to admit. The Chair wiil hear rhe j
reat I
iains cjuist cul uvni u ; foUUc. ; — •-  . .
would take a trip through that country, ho would j: Senator,;-so far as lie is concerRett, witii
comprehend the necessity of mail facilities there, i. pleasure
weak States, and the remote States of the Union,
postal facilities, fur thereby you bind those States
in tiieir social, commercial, and political relations
to tl^i elder States of the Union.
Sir, I look upon this Union, in relation to its
Army, its Navy, its Post Office Department, and
all those general and paramount features which
stamp it and characterize it, as a parent Govern-
ment, I look upon it as an entirety. 1"1S 'J
the soul, the center, the great heait, and the blood
must circulate from this center to the circumfer-
ence; and if you, in a legislative or political sense,
withhold these advantages, this medium of com-
munication, you paralyze the extremities; ana
for an elder "State of the Union, like Massachu-
setts, to stand up in the Senate, and say that
whilst, by the set of Congress, we have acquired
possessions upon the Pacific coast; whilst we have
settled our rights in Oregon, and acquired posses-
