1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
traveler returns." Mr. Speaker, how true was
that unpleasant presentiment! I had scarcely re-
turned home, when it was announced that the
hero, the statesman, and the patriot, was no more.
When I heard the announcement, although
1 was to a great extent prepared for it, yet it
shocked me. I was forcibly reminded of the his-
tory of (he great chief of one of our southern tribes
of Indians. He had ruled his tribo for many long
years; under his government, his people had been
prosperous and happy; he grew old, and in his
old age he came to this city, accompanied by some
five or six of his braves. Suddenly attacked by
•violent disease, he became conscious of approach-
ing dissolution. He reflected upon the past happy
condition of his tribe, and ho f 3t a deep interest
in their future welfare. He called his braves
fround his dying couch and addressed them.
Said he, " You will go back to our country, and
fs you go along the path you will hear the bitds
singing and see the flowers blooming. My peo-
ple will come out and ask you, Where is Push-
met-a-ha ? And you will tell them he is dead, and
they will hear it like the failing of the mighty
<idk in the stillness of the forest." And so it was
with John* A. Quitman. In that State of his
adoption which he loved so well, the breeze that
bore on its wings the news of his death was filled
wuh sadness, and the announcement fell upon her
people as it did upon the whole country like the
ciash of the noblest oak of the forest.
His popularity, like his fame, was not confined
to the borders of his own Siate. Though-enter-
taining what are sometimes termed ultra political
views, yet he never failed to command the respect
and esteem of all, even those who differed with him
however widely. A remarkable instance of this
will be remembered by every member hcie. On
one occasion,when he deemed ltproper toexpre&s
his views on an important question, at the close
of the hour allotted to him by the rule of the
House, he had notconcluded his remarks. Unan-
imous consent was necessary to allow him to pro-
ceed. So highly was he esteemed by this body,
that no member on either side of the House was
found to object. It was a rare compliment; one
not often paid; and yet, sir, I can say, without
yny hesitation, that it was a couitesy felt to be
due him who was himself ever courteous and
kind, on account of his great personal worth and
his distinguished serv ices to his country. It was
a just inbute to him, and honorable in the high-
est d( give to the body which paid it.
OJrTSpeaker, Joiin A. Quitman was a man to
whom euloay can add nothing; but an allusion to
tiio many viriues which adorned his character,
whilst it "can add nothing to his solid fame, may
be useful in stimulating others to attain by hon-
otabie means the high position which he reached.
He did eveiy thing well which he undertook to
accomplish. There are few men who have suc-
ceeded so weliin so mnny and different positions.
He was an able and upright judge, a successful
and accomplished lawyer, a wise statesman, ami a
true hero. His entire career was a continued effort
to maintain the tiue principles of State-rights.
He ioved the Constitution, because he had studied
it, and understood it. His early manhood wes
connected with' the revolution which snatched
Texas from Mexican misrule, and consecrated her
to fieedom. His valor made illustrious the war
which punished Mexico for an insult to the honor
of his country. His undying love of liberty g,we
direction to the movement which, but for the ac-
tion of his own Government, would have added
(he ivm of the Antilles to the American constella-
tion", and freed Cuba fiom the tlnaklom of Spanish
tyionny.
Hit: political career was marked by an unbend-
ing mvotion to minnples, an unremitting dis-
<'ShWe of tiie dudes winch his public tiusts im-
posed upon him, and by a singular integrity which
distiMi'nished alike his political and-private life.
U!s\').!ire LiV was a perfect exemplification of
the 'k honest man, the noblest work oi God.'5 j3ut
he lias geiio. jMq more shah we bsten to liis woi ds
of wisdom. That voice of reason and patriotism,
which was wont to charm the people of his be-
loved State, is hushed in the solemn stillness of
the tomb. The eye that once proudly flashed
over his country's war lit ids, is closed lorever.
"He steeps hu la^t ?lcep; he has fought he? huabauio ;.
No pound can awake htm to gloiy ayani
Let him rest in peace upon the banks of the
noblest river of his country; and though no proud
monuments may be raised to commemorate his
deeds, his name will live and be revered whilst
the love of liberty shall find a resting place in the
human heart.
" Light be the sod which rests upon his breast;
Green be the giass that grows upon his grave;
Eternal be the laurels that flourish round liis tomb."
Mr. THOMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I trust I shall
not be deemed an intruder upon the solemnities
of this hour, if I respond to the expressions of
bereavementand regret coming up from the South,
by giving utterance to a sympathetic sadness and
sorrow from the North. If the voice of New York
answers back to that of Mississippi, in the tones
of a common and kindred regard for one of her
distinguished sons who went out from her bor-
ders, in the confidence of early manhood, to win
distinction among the sons of a sister State, that
delighted to honor him while living, and now,
with his bereaved household, pours her sad la-
ment over his tomb; if the Father of Waters, that
rolls along where he dwelt, gives signs through
all his troubled and turbid billows that a great
man has departed, shall not the Hudson, sweep-
ing by the mountain ranges that sentinel its flow,1
take up the lamentation for one who was born on
its green slopes, and whose infancy was nurtured
haid by the play of its musical wares ?
Born"in the same Stale, county, am? town with
General Quitman; knowing some of his ante-'
cedents, and several of his family; remembering
in my early boyhood his reverend father, who in
the exorcise of his clerical functions, discoursed
on the Sabbath morning m German, and m the
afternoon in English, to the primiti\;e people who
received the law from his hps; having watched
the career of the deceased for years past with in-
terest, I was warmly welcomed by him on this
J floor, and treated with the respect and confidence
j of a friend. 1 saw, indeed, that time and toil had
; done then work upon his fiame; that they had
! bowed the strength of his manhood and thrown
[ a totter in his step; but I saw, also, that the clear-
■ ness of his mental perceptions was not obscured,
! that the vigor of his stern will was not subdued;
! that the aidor of his patriotism was not abated,
nor the strength of his heroicpurposedestroyed.
, Physically feeble, yet tireless and unshrinking;
, debilitated, yet strong in spirit; lie sat day after
i day in that chair for six long months, calm in the
; midst of excitement, respected by all, and most
i by thobe from whom ho differed—a model of cour-
j tesv, nobleness, and devotion. Is it unseemly
'■ that I should bring my offering, and that of my
I State, to his obsequies, or weave achaplet, how-
i ever humble, with which to adorn his bier?
S From Mr. Lanman's forthcoming work I ex-
! tract this brief history :
i "John A. Quitman' was born at Rhinebcok. Dutches*
couun, New Voik, September j, l'OD. JJe had a liberal
j ciueauon, ,-tndiul theolopy and low, but piel'eucdtbe Jaf-
fa ; and in hi1- twentieth year was a piofe^or of law m
Mount Any college, Penn'-vivania. In 18*30 he emigrated
j to Ohio, and wis admitted to the bat of that rotate. but Mam
afloiwaid-, letnoved to Natchoz, Mi—a^ippj in J897 he
' was elected to the State J<c«i latino; in 1 t>S was. appointed
' Ciiancdloi of the State, seumgthiee jeai>. In l^.">be was
elected lo (lie folate Ornate, and PreM'b'iit oi that body
wa* call-id upon to peilbnn the duties of Governor, in 1KW
he di'-tintrtiL^hed hini^elt as a ••okhei and Jcadei in behalt ol
, Texas atjaiiw Mexico, fri lfco9 hevi-u«>d Emope on biw-
I !oi \ho xMi.-.-i^oip]!! raihoad ; and on la* lotuin wosjap-
pumted judyo of the hijjh oouri of enors and uppcaK Ife
i: reived with di-tuu'tion in the Mexican wai, l.ad a horse
i ^hoiliom UPsbn hmi at Monteu y. command.-d «it \ ictoua,
. wii- at Veia Ciuz and Ojo do! Agna, was e;mimi>MOned by
■ the President a ma|oi ireneri! m"the Army; he ai^oacqnu-
■ ted huii-clt with Si.Mf ctedif aU-napnltep^c. liewa-.Gov-
{ > uur ol 18,",0; and m ]e.V> was ejected a Jlep-
ie-"ntanVein Congie^s imm M^s-i-ippi.ai.d wa^ieclcctcd
>■ ml >*">" 7. ^eivi11if dunny both teiMe. fie. cbauinan oi th<>(.om-
miuec on SVilmuy Aflam. By\u'uc of hi- oxpelrenec and
; st!u t nueciirv. bo commanded the re.^pect of afl; and the
i ol In- bcait ai d in- aimhble manners wonfot him
■' coupe of friends anions all name*. lb- was spoken of, on
'' (v u ueca-ioa^. a? the iVmociatic candidate loiVice Pres-
ident; ami the, reeognr^ed b'iidei ol tiio -e (avoiable to
' the annexation of Cuba lie d:ed at Ins re-idence, m Mis-
si^ippi, July K,
A good man's qualities and character are the
homage of his coiWitry. The ancients honored
iheir dead by public ceremonies and orations,
commending their example to the admiring imi-
,j tasion of posterity.
ii L<-t me adveit to one or two prominent traits
II in the choracter of him we monm to-day. It is
' usually supposed that high military ardor is m-
b compatible with those gentler and humaner vir-
tues that mark the character of our growing cir-
ilization; that the war-spirit which an-attachment
to military science and camp-life generates, tends
to roughen and harden the moral sentiments apd
sensibilities, so that the accomplished soldier he*
come^semi-barbarous in his tastes and disposi-
tions. If there be any truth in the idea, (general
GLuitman was a distinguished exception. His
love of military life was almost a passion. Yet
what spirit was gentler? Whose sensibilities
were more acute? Who could easier weep over
suffering? or who appreciated more highly all
those refinements of Christian morality by which
human nature is elevated a|KfcAdorned ? His mar-
tial tendencies welled out^|pin deeper springs
than those which originate"anti feed the " pomp
and circumstance of glorious war." fhey were
founded oh a deep ana philosophic insight of the
fact that national peace and honor are only to be
secured by a constant and thorough equipmentfor
any strife that may come; that to preserve our re-
nown untarnished, to resist insult and aggression,
to conquer peace and sccure it, material fo&%and
scientific skill, with gunpowder, the great civili-
zer, are all indispensable agents and conditions.
Was he not a pacificator? Even here, when
calm men lost their balance, and quiet men were
borne down by the excitement of passion and the
fury of partisan warfare, his feeble voice and gray
locks arrested instant attention, and all crowded
round to hear his words of kindness and modera-
tion ; because there dropped from his lips instruc-
tion and not insult; enlightenment and not exas-
peration; and men forgot, their passions in the so-
berness of his counsels.
I remark upon another peculiar trait of his
character. I allude to his quiet energy, to the un-
ambitious and undemonstrative nature of his ef-
forts, contrasted with the vigor and reach of the
principles he announced. Men of the heaviest
metal are thus, not uncommonly, men of the quiet-
est means. Their weight is intrinsic, not super-
added; dwells in the thought more than in any
single act that incarnates it; and goes forth among
the works and ways of men with a footfall silent
as angels, yet with a power that noiselessly
changes the face of the world ! He had much of
this element, both in the field and m the forum.
He announced his plan and purpose, and left it to
do its work, withoutgoing forth with loud clamor
to hail support to his standard, or swell the num-
bers of his train.
Asa statesman, he was faithful, industrious,
unshrinking; always at his post, discharging his
duty with a diligence no fatigue could exhaust,
and no obstinacy tire.
As a soldier, he was brave, self-forgetful, he-
roic, unawed by danger, and nerved by disaster;
he imported his own enthusiasm to all under his
command, and infused a life and vigor through
the ranks which is itself the sure omen ofsuccess.
As a father and friend his attachments were
strong and lasting. Yet, into the smitten and
sacred circle of domestic life I forbear to enter-—
under the shadow of the heavenly wings let it
abide; for in the Divine beatitudes alone can it
find consolation.
It is said ho loved warmly and well the State
of his adoption, that honored him with her confi-
dence, at the head of whose armies he fought, and
for whom he stood here a Representative. But I
thank God, and I thank him, that I can say*as
.truly, and as proudly, that he loved his whole
country as well, and that Union of us all, in bonds
so strong, yet so silken; harder than brass, yet
yielding as ethei; linked and twisted and wrought
into one encompassing zone that no saber can
sever. That, up to the last hour of his life, he
was true to that glorious flag on which his infant
eye was opened; that nerved him as he strode over
the carnage of the battle-field, and to which his
proud gaze was turned, and his exultant heart
leaped as it waved in the toying winds over the
strongholds of Monterey and Chapultepec.
Sir," 1 did not subscribe to all items of his polit-
ical creed; yet I honoi his memory, and drop a
te&r upon his grave.
The evil that men do hves after them ;
The good is oft interred with their bones."
Yet no man's remembrance need utterly perish!
if he link himself to great thoughts, high achieve-
ments, noble endeavors, grand institutions, he
shall live in their life, survive in their being, and
perpetuate his memory in their vital and eternal
