1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi
When volunteers were called to rally under our
flag that was borne to Mexico by General Tay-
lor, among the gathering ranks from all sections
that assembled on the sickly, sultry plains of the
Rio Grande, I found General Quitman among
those assembled to do his country service. His
fidelity, zeal, and courage, secured the esteem of
his associates in arms; and no volunteer general
made more successful advances, or received
more public commendation for di|j,inguished ser-
vices.
He was on both lines, and therefore served
under both General Taylor and General Scott;
and was honorably mentioned for gallant services
in the public orders of both these, his distin-
euished commanders.
He was in many battles; but was particularly
distinguished in the brilliant and glorious victo-
ries of Monterey, Chapultepec, and the Garita
Belcn.
After the capture of the City of Mexico, he was
appointed, by General Scott, military governor
of that city; and he therefore occupied the palace
and wielded the scepter of the ancient Montezu-
mas.
After the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which
terminated the war with Mexico, and the neces-
sity of his military services, he returned to his
private avocations m Mississippi,from which he
was called by the people to serve in the Congress
of the United States. You can all testify to his
distinguished services in.these Halls.
On my entering this body, I had the honor to
be associated with him in the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, where ho was the honorable chair-
man. Here again I can bear personal testimony
to his devotion to the interests of the Army, the
volunteers, and the honor and glory of his coun-
try.
" His history is thus identified with two sangui-
nary struggles, which resulted in a large acces-
sion to our national domain. In his place, as a
Representative, he has also participated in event-
ful struggles in our national Congress.
Ill war and in peace, in the field and the forum,
he has well borne a distinguished part; and we,
his associates and survivors, may close his official
recoid with the honors due to a hero and states-
man .
"flans peur <-t sans reprochc 11 a hi on merits de la
jiatue."
Our demonstrations tn-dny are not solely an
effusion of sympathy, ora mere tiibute of respect
to distinguished worth. The glory of a_nation
is an element of power; and a grateful tribute is
due to those who increase the aggregate of our
national renown.
As a sacred duty, therefore, and with fraternal
tfTection, we commend his body to the grave, his
fame to posterity, and h.s spirit to the God who
gave it.
While wc thus commemoiate tne 'dead, we
would affectionately condole with the bereaved
and the aflhcted. To the widow and the fatherless
we tender a nation's sympathy.
But no honor to the biave, or expressions of
sympathy, can solace the grief of those who were
most endeared and most dependent. We feel that
death is the universal conqueror, and man is the
vanquished and the victim.
Generals and armies, by converging linen, m
blow but steady marches, approach death's dark
defile.
We, therefore, fellow-travelers to the grave,
may resume our reflections on our approaching
consummation; when all our achievements and
aspirations will merge in the vast ocean of eter-
nity.
>■ The lwast oflieraldrv. tlie pomp of power,
Anil .ill liiat Ivann , all tli.it wealth a'ei gave,
Await alike the lm'Vimb'.e liimr.
Tae p.ithr- of glory lead but to the grave.
Mr BOWIE. Mr. Speaker, 1 cannot permit
the occasion to pass without asking to bo allowed
to exraess my grief and to mingle ray sorrows
■with those which seem so universally to pervaue
the members of this House at the loss of so dis-
tinguished and useful a member as the lamented
Quitman, whose death has been so efocjuentiy
iind feelingly announced this morning by the dis-
tinguished gentlemen who have preceded me.
Sir, there arc occasions when the eye refuses
to drop a tear and the heart to expose its sadness;
but, sir, when the eye will not weep, or grief will
not speak,
" They but whisper an o'erfraught heart,
And bid it break."
There are occasions, too, sir, as great calami-
ties befall a nation by the loss of her distinguished
heroes and statesmen, when it is both seemly and
fitting that every generous and patriotic heSft't
should send forth its streamlet of tears to be
mingled with that great ocean of sorrow which
overwhelms the public mind. I come now, Mr.
Speaker, to add my humble, share of lamentation
and sorrow to that reservoir of grief which sur-
rounds the grave of John A. Quitman.
Sir, I, too, had the good fortune to have enjoyed
the acquaintance of General Quitman. Very
shortly after his arrival in this city to take his
seat in the Thirty-Fourth Congress of the United
States, I sought an introduction to him. I recol-
lect tfldt on an occasion when the ardor of youth-
ful valor required the sage counsels of wisdom
and experience, he had generously extended, the
kind offices of his friendship to those who were
near and dear to me in the State of Mississippi.
These generous sympathies on his part, had not
been unheralded to me. His fame as a lawyer;
his exalted character as a judge; arid his still more
exalted, but more newly acquired, fame as a sol-
dier—one among the conquering heroes of Mex-
ico, and the first to plant the stars and stripes
of our flag, that emblem of our national power,
upon the very walls o'f the city—had all become
part and parcel of the history of his country, and
had won for him the admiration of a grateful
people. All these characteristic traits, as well
of private as of public character, had com'-far
ahead of him ill his slow approach to this city.
Like Brennus of old, a general of the Gauls, who
had invaded Italy, defeated the Romans, and
entered into the very heart of their citadel, nqt
only without opposition, but with honors of tri-
umphal joy, Genera] Quitman came to this cap-
ital—tins great capital of a great nation—bring-
ing along with him the united hearts of a proud
constituency; himself the recipient of a nation's
thanks. I venture to say, sir, there will be no
modern Cannllus brought from a state of banish-
ment to contest his laurels, or to envy his lame.
These will and shall be, in the simple but beauti-
ful language of Cicero, " Semper etsenipitemd."
Mr."Speaker, I appreciated these private and
public virtues in General Quitman's character,
and made haste to express my eniotions^of grati-
tude for the one—my unborn.ded admiration of
the other. 1 came before him, sir, bearing with
me no commission from the oiacles of either
Dodona or of Delphi. I came not as a sooth-
sayer, to predict either his success or failuic in
the future. I came simply to express ray gtati-
tude for the past. Dodona and Delphi had long
since ceased, m the progress of Christian civili-
zation, to be regarded as the oracles of tiutli; and
had 1 commission from either, or from both, I
should have torn it into tatters, that its broken
fragments might become the emblems of a purer
and holier incense, to be offered upon the altar of
eternal truth.
Mr. Speaker, in my first interview with General
Quitman—an interview which I shall never for-
get—I was struck with surprise at the gentleness
and simplicity of his manner. A man who had
acquired so much of good reputation among his
friends and neighbors at home, in lift own Stai_c
of Mississippi;\vho, in the hour of his country's
need, had been among the foremost to oiler the,
flag of lus State in defense of the rights and honor
of°the Fedeial Government; and who, by hard
service, active enterprise, and exploits of extiaor-
dmary valor, had enshrined that flag in a halo of
immortal glory, might well enough have worn the
aspect of ostentatious va.nity. But, sir, 1 found m
General Quitman that "modest meekness and
humility which doth so become a man" had so
possessed him, that even the greatness of his own
high offices had become more resplendent by the
reflected luster of unaffected virtue. I found him,
sir, to be a plain and unostentatious gentleman,
with a mind quick and active and vigorous and
yet profound withal. Profound, did I say.' Sir,
the word falls far too short of the reality of truth.
With a thorough knowledge of the Constitution
of his country, and with a soul devoted to its
preservation, it claims from me a higher tesfiof
value. There waS about it a deepv ay, deeper,
characteristic of strength, in its undying attach-
ment to the Union of these States as equal'and in-
dependent sovereignties, and in that patriotism
which made him love his country evert bsfbfe
himself. Well might he have exclaimed; ' ' ' ;
" I am the son of Marcus Oato,
A foe to tyrants, and my country's fiiend."
. Mr. Speaker, I do not mean to speak of Gen-
eral Quitman's private or public virtues in detail.
That office hasPbeen performed already by the dis-
tinguished gentlemen who have preceded me. But
sir, I know enough of his history, both private
and public, to make me feeljllat on jthis day and,
before this House, I am but performing the pat-
riotic duty of proclaiming to this greatjjation the
! loss of one of her best and greatest men. Sir, it
has been said that to be truly great you roustbe
truly good. It is a maxim of unerring truth. The
magnetic needle no more constantly points to the
north star, that eternal evidence in the heav.ejis
an eternal God thereof, than does the greatness#)
the goodness of an all-wise Providence. I do not
mean to say that all good men are great men, or
that all great men, in the sense of the world, .are
good men; but I mean to say,and 1 mean to main-
! tain it, now and forever, at least in all my time to
' come, that greatness without goodness is
"Like a vvoi Id without a sun."
Mr. Speaker, who ever-looked upon General
Quitman's face withontdiscovering the strongest
characteristic marks of kindness, and gentleness,
and benevolence? Who ever watched his smile
without perceiving in it the emblems of acompla-
cency
" Less of earth than Heaven ?"
Who ever gazed upon his piercing blue eyes,
without being conscious that they were bur.ro-
, fleeted lights from windows to a soul, which waa
i full of Grecian firo, and of unllexed will? Who
' ever listened to his soft and subdued, yet manly
I and heroic tones of voice, on this floor, without
! feeling impelled by the syren sweetness of its
| music to gather and linger around him,
" That tliey niight.catcli its May-mom honey dew?"
Its buds, still swelling with round and orient .
pearls, like pretty flowiets to the eyes,"brought
;i tears, as frankincense to true and genuine elo-
quence. Mr. Speaker, I have myself, on more
occasions than one, felt the power of Ins eapti-
vating eloquence. There Was a simplicity, yet
fervid strength, in every idea he expressed, and
a clearness and precision of language but seldom
equaled, and never excelled, which won their
way to the hearts and judgments of all his hearers.
I may well compare him to Thucydides, the great
Grecian oraior and historian. Of him it is said:
" Tiiat he spoke and wrote as one who was clear
of all passion, liidependentin every light, entirely
unconcerned who was pleased or displeased; the
servant only of reason and truth. Altogether in-
. different about the opinions of the generation in
| winch he lived, he wrote and spoke for posterity
only, and appealed to the future world for the
value of the present."
So was it, sir, with General Quitman. I be-
hove, as faithfully as I believe in my own exist-;
enee, that General Quitman, in all that lie ever
v/iote, or said, or did, looked only to the future
glory of his country. Forgetting even self in
the present, and fern less as to all and any risks
of honorable achievement m the future, I believe
he was ever ready to defend and protect the Con-
stitution of his country; that ages yet to come
might behold its still unbroken columns and un-
tarnished flag, to bless the memories of those who
had helped to preserve them. ' *
Mr. Speaker, the sad calamity which has be-
fallen this House, in the death of one of its great-
est and bestmembers, should make us all mindful
of the obligations we owe to ourselves and to pos-
terity. It invokes our calmest, most considerate,
and, if possible, more than most of our patriotic
, emotions. Sir, what greater calamity can befall us
as members of this House, or our respective con-
: stituents as primary elements of political'power,
or even this great Federal Government itself—but
1 a union of sovereign and independent constit-
; uencies—if, when even one link in the chain of
,  «> ••     . ..
Union is broken, there be no deep and lasting
