THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1859.
New Series No. 83.
As I do not wish to detain the Senate at this
hour by arguing this question—it is well under-
stood—I simply ask for the yeas and nays upon
the proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. I was going to ask the Senator
to withdraw that amendment. It is not proper
to this bill. When the Post Office appropriation
bill comes up, which contains an appropriation
for these routes, it will be in the power of the
Senator to submit that amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to move an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator that there is an amendment
pending to amend an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President, it will
not occupy much time to take the vote on this
proposition.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to suggest
to the gentleman that the last clause in his amend-
ment was put in there for a reason, but, I appre-
hend, if adopted, it will not be of any use. It
allows the contractor to carry the mail according
to law. The President made it according to law.
I suggest to the Senator to strike out the last
clause.
Several Senators. Make that motion.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 cannot make the motion.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will modify my proposition.
With the leave of the Senate, however, and ac-
cording totheadvice ofoneor two friends around
me, especially the Senator from Virginia, who, I
suppose, is anxious to take the vote, I will with-
draw the amendment, and give notice that I shall
move it on the Post Office appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the amendment may be withdrawn.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. PEARCE. I offer the following amend-
ment as a separate section:
And be it further pnacted, That 110 new routes herein au-
thorized shall be put into operation, unless the Postmaster
General shall he of opinion that the expense of the same
can he defrayed out of the accruing revenues of the Post
Office.
Mr. President, I understand that the Depart-
ment considers it imperative on them to put in
operation all the routes which are authorized by
the post route bill. The Postmaster General, I
am told, does not consider it within his discre-
tion to put or not to put these routes in operation,
as he may think best. When the Post Office De-
partment iscostingsome nine millions more than
its receipts amount to, it seems to me to be very
injudicious to be adding new routes which must
only increase the rate of deficiencies upon the ac-
cruing revenue. If the revenue is sufficient to pay
the expense, it is very proper that they should
go into operation. If not, I do not want to in-
crease the deficiency, already so enormous. The
expense of that Department now is three fourths
of the entire expenditure of the Government
twenty-five or thirty years ago. It seems to me
we should avoid this expenditure by the amend-
ment which I propose.
Mr. HUNTER. I concur entirely with the
Senator from Maryland, that we ought to put
such a limit upon the establishment of new routes
as that they shall pay the expense they incur.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator from Mary-
land will so amend his amendment as to include
all mail routes, I would have less objection to it
than as it now stands. This will merely affect the
new States and Territories. Most of the routes
that are provided for in this bill are those that
traverse the new States, where the country is
settling up rapidly; and where, although, in all
probability, the revenue would not pay the ex-
pense that might be incurred in transporting the
mails across those routes in the first year or two,
83
in the end they probably would defray expenses.
Those are the places in which the public interests
require that the mail should be carried. If some
such system as the one which I have now sug-
gested, should be adopted, and no contract should
be given for transporting the mails on any route
where the revenues do not defray expenses, there
would be a degree of fairness about it.
Whilst on the floor, I desire to state that I think
the references that have been made to the new
States are not quite fair. I do not believe that
the enormous increase of the ex pense of the Post
Office Department is due to the new States and
Territories. Since this discussion has been pro-
gressing, I have ran over the report of the Post-
master General for the year 1857-58, and I find
that the entire expense for transporting the mail in
Wisconsin, Iowa, California, Arkansas, Texas,
Missouri, New Mexico, Utah, Nebraska, Kan-
sas, and Oregon, being now eight States and four
Territories,amounted,in 1857, to but $1,299,000.
For the year ending the 30th of June, 1858, the
entire expense of transporting the mails in these
eight States and four Territories, being twelve in
all, amounts to but $1,664,285 70. The aggre-
gate cost of transporting the mail for the whole
United States is §7,344,619 44. Now, sir, it
seems to me it will appear to every one that
$1,664,000 for transporting the mails in eight
States and four Territories, if they be on the
frontier, is not an extravagant proportion of the
$7,344,000, the aggregate amount paid m the Uni-
ted States. It is true, that the entire expense of
the Post Office system in these States is greater
than the revenues derived; but I would remind
Senators from the New England States and the
old States generally, that these States and Ter-
ritories are settled with their own people; set-
tled by their sons and daughters, their younger
brothers and sisters; and that if they should pay
a small proportion of the cost of transporting the
mail over and above the average amount, it would
be due to the number of people in the States, pay-
ing it for their own people; paying it for their
own children; paying it for their own younger
brothers and sisters, who have been sent to the
West to build up fortiiemselves new fortunes, and
to strengthen the interests of this great country.
It is not just, it seems to me, to impose upon
the new settlements of this country the entire
burden of transporting their own malls, even if
the income on those routes should not defray the
expense; but there is extreme injustice in requir-
ing the people in those new settlements to defray
the entire expenses of transporting their own
mails, as is proposed by the amendment, whilst
you draw millions from the Treasury to transport
mails in the old States. The effect of this amend-
ment will be to compei us to carry ourown mails
by the use of our own money paid into the Treas-
ury from the Post Office Department; whereas we
shall be compelled to contribute our proportion
in any deficiency for carrying the mails in Penn-
sylvania and the old States of this Confederacy.
It seems to me the proposition could not well be
more unjust in its effect.
Mr. PEARCE. In point of fact, I think the
Senator is mistaken. In glancing hastily over the
bill, I see that the largest appropriations, the
largest amount of new routes, are to be found in
Virginia, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Mis-
souri, and one other State—Georgia.
Mr. HAMLIN. And Kansas.
Mr. PEARCE. And Kansas, perhaps, more
than any other. But with that exception, more
than one half of the bill is for new routes in the
States I have mentioned. The new States, there-
fore, are not so much injured by my amendment
as the Senator supposes. This is a temporary
provision, and applies only to the routes in this
bill. If we shall see hereafter the operations of
the Post Office, as restricted by the bill now pend-
mtt in Congress, shall be more favorable, and be j
able to approach something like self-sustaining, j
then we may enlarge these new routes without a j
restriction at the next session of Congress. I
Mr. BENJAMIN. I only desire to say one I.
word. If I understood the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Maryland, it was not sim-
ply to leave it discretionary with the Postmaster
General whether he should establish mail service
upon the routes designated in this bill, but it was
to inhibit him from so doing, unless, in his judg-
ment, the amount of revenue from the particular
route would pay the expenses. I cannot vote
for that amendment. If I have mistaken it 
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator is mistaken in
this particular. I do not require that these new-
routes shall be self-sustaining; but that the entire
operations of the Department shall be. If there
shall be no deficiency, these routes may be put
in operation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Secretary report
the amendment again ?
The Secretary read it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. They are to come oat of
the accruing revenues of the whole Department.
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir; that was my mean-
ing.
Mr. SHIELDS. This is rather a severe meas-
ure on the new States.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not think it hurts your
State.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is striking at the weak.
I do not think my friend from Maryland intends
to do that. I do not want to make a speech. I
do not think it necessary to waste the time of the
Senate upon this subject.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DURKEE. I have paired off on this sub-
ject with the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Rice.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have paired off with
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] I do
not know how he would vote upon the amend-
ment, nor do I know how I would vote myself.
The result was then announced—yeas 3, nays
35; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Clark, Hunter, and Pearce—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Broderick, Brown,
Chandler, Clingman, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittie, Fitch,
Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Green, Gwm, Hamlin, Harlan,
Houston, tverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, King, Lane, Polk, Reid, Sebastian, Shields, Sim-
mons, Slidell, Smith, Stuart, Trumbull, Ward, Wilson, and
Yaiee—35.
So the amendment was rejected,
Mr. PEARCE. I will offer another amend-
ment, in which 1 modify my proposition. I pro-
pose that whenever the Postmaster General shall
be of opinion that the receipts on the routes re-
spectively will amount to two thirds of the ex-
pense incurred, he may establish them-, otherwise
he shall not put them in operation. I shall say
no more about this subject.
And be it further enacted, That the new routes authorized
herein shall not be put m operation unless the Postmaster
General shall be of opinion that the receipts on the same,
respectively, will amount to two thirds of the expense in-
curred thereby.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand from the Sen-
ator from Maryland that the Postmaster General
considers that the establishment of a route in this
post route bill makes it imperative on him to es-
tablish the route.
Mr. PEARCE. I understand so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads whether that is so?
Mr. YULEE. No. The practice of the De-
partment is to advertise all the routes. If bids
are reasonable, he puts them into operation with
a frequency of service proportionate to the im-
portance of the route, daily, monthly, or weekly,
once a week or twice a week. That is the custom
of the Department.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would be perfectly -will-
ing to vote for an amendment by which any such
forced construction as that should be obviated. I
would be willing to put a section in the bill, that
nothing contained in the bill shall be so construed
as to make it imperative on the Postmaster Gen-
eral to establish service on any of the aforesaid
routes, when in his judgment tha public interest
does not require it; but certainly I could not agree
to any such limitation as this.
