1314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Mr. YULEE. That discretion now exists.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I must say that
the explanation of the Senator from Florida does
not come at all up to the point in this matter.
The truth is, the Postmaster General exercises
entirely, and under all circumstances, full discre-
tion about it. I have had many routes created
here for mv own State, and I know that he does
not take them and put them in operation at ail,
because they are created here. What is more than
that, which the Senator has failed to explain, is,
that whenever he chooses to abolish a route which
is in operation, he does abolish it.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. How can it be,
then, that a half-way explanation is given about
the matter, which is purely discretionary, leaving
it to be implied that it is not purely discretionary
with the head of the Department to do as he
pleases? I object to these half-way explanations
that leave us to come to one conclusion, when
palpably, in point of fact, there is a different one
in practice.
Mr. YULEE. I think the explanation was not
altogether half way, but sufficiently full. I stated
that discretion existed with the Postmaster Gen-
eral; that the practice of the Department was to
advertise all the routes, and to put them in oper-
ation if there were reasonable bids, with a fre-
quency of service according to the importance of
the route. Now, I may add this—and that is
practically what the Senator alludes to, and with
that addition the explanation is precisely accord-
ing to the practice of the Depaitment—that where
the routes created by law are unnecessary, in con-
sequence of existing routes, and in conflict with
existing routes, he does not put thorn in operation.
Mr. PEARCE. With that explanation of the
gentleman, who is better informed on the subject,
1 withdraw my amendmer.it.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Iloads to move to
strike out all of the eleventh section, after the
word 11 papeis," in the thirty-third line, in the
following words:
u And no other or further allowances whatever shall be
made to any postmaster, except Irotu the tout* of lioti^ or
pigeon hole*  as now authori/.ed In law; ami the conuni-;-
siohs and allowances authorized In this act shall he sul'joct
to the provisions of the forty-fiiM section of the a< I enhtlrd
' An act to i educe into one the .seveial acts e-.rabh-dii.-i'.; ami
regulating tins Post Ollice Department,1 approved Mai eh ii,
lb25."
Mr. President, 1 will state what will !>c the ef-
fect of this provision, if notstneken out. It will
close four fifths of the offices in all the new States,
which are separating offices that do not pay any
compensation; and the laws,from the 3d of Ainre.h,
1825, down to the present time, have provided for
giving these allowances. The Postmaster Gene-
ral,! believe, would like to have this provision of
the bill adopted; but the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads have authorized me to
move tins amendment.
Air. IUIODERICK. It is with reluctance that
I am compelled to differ with my colleague. I am
in favor of retaining tins clause m the bill. I think
that the perquisites should be taken from the
postmasters, for I find that more is paid to the
postmasters in California than is paid to the
postmasters of twenty-three States of this Union,
and, with one exception, in all the southern States.
One hundred and fourteen thousand dollais am
now taken from the receipts of the Post Office De-
partment for the payment of postmasteis m Cal-
ifornia. I hope the Senate will not strike out
this portion of the eleventh section. If it is as-
certained, when we meet again next December,
that two thirds of the post offices in California
will be elosed by this piovision of the bill, 1 will
vote cordially with my colleague to insert some
provision in a new bill that may be brought in,
providing: for the payment of postmasters.
Mr. GWIN. The provision that he wishes is
to close up the post oflices in California, to see
•whether or not the people cannot get along with-
out them.
Mr. BRODERICK. No, sit; I would keep
them wide open; but I am of opinion that the com-
pensation allowed to all other postmasters will be
sufficient to pay the postmasters of California. It
is a mere difference of opinion.
Mr. GWIN. Is not the compensation allowed
to other postmasters the same as paid to those
in California ?
Mr. BRODERICK. I believe this section is
general. It proposes to strike out all of them;
but I do not want to make an exception of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. GWIN. It is not an exception. My
amendment is intended for the whole Union, for
all the oflices throughout the United States.
Mr. BRODERICK. Then 1 wish it understood
I am for taking it away from all the postmasters
of the United States.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator, then, wants to shut
up all the small post offices in the new States,
where the compensation is not enough to get any
capable person to keep the office; where the fees
of the distributing office will not pay for the dis-
tribution of documents that arc intended for ad-
joining offices. Now, sir, in order to strike down
small offices in his own State, he wants to strike
them out in all other places in the Union. This
is intended as a general clause. It suits the Post-
master General very well to have this clause in-
serted in the bill; but the Post Office Committee,
having representatives upon it from the new
States, knowing the importance of this provision
to these new States, and that the small offices could
not be kept open unless this act of March 3, 1825,
and the subsequent legislation on the subject,
were retained, instructed me to move to strike it
out. I hope the Senators from other new States,
except my colleague, will strike out this provis-
ion, which will close a number of the offices in ail
the new States—Oregon and Minnesota, and all
the States recently established.
Mr. BRODERICK. I see, sir, that this amend-
ment has been reported from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. My colleague
is a very active and efficient member of the com-
mittee, and 1 wish that he had used as much in-
fluence 
Mr. GWIN. lam instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to strike it
out. It was put in without a majority of the
committee being aware of it, at the request of the
Postmaster General
Mr. BRODERICK. Weil, sir, I am free to
say that if every member of the Post Office Com-
mittee favored it, i would oppose it. I do not
want to make an exception of California.
JVt r. GWIN. It is no exception for California;
it is general.
Mr. ttRODERICK. Well, sir, I will take it
in every way. I do not care which way you pre-
sent it, I am opposed to it.
Mr. GWIN. Of course you are.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators will
address the Chair, and not each othei.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, sir, I will address
the Chair. I hope the Senate will retain this
wholesome provision; for 1 do not believe that one
of the post offices in my State will be closed, or
that one of the postmasters will resign; therefore,
1 shall cast my vote for the retention of this sec-
tion.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 should like to have a little
belter information than 1 possess in relation to
the amendment now submitted by the Senator
from California. Ishould like toknow specifically
what are the other allowances, and what they
have been, which they would receive if this clause
be stricken out of the lull, but which they will not
receive if it is returned ? The Senator himself who
makes the motion tells us that the clause is m-
seitcd at the suggestion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral. Now, I nppichcnd the Post Office Depart-
ment understands very well what is requisite and
piopei, and what is adequate compensation for
the services performed, i take it the cfFectof this
motion is just this; it has this extent, and no
more: it says favor lies may get a little more under
this bill. That is all there is of it. You will not
find a post office on the Atlantic or the Pacific
coast, oranywhere else, that will not be taken just
as good care or", just as well provided for, the
duties of the offioejustas well discharged, if this
clause is retained m the bill, as you will if it is
suickcn out. The result will be an economizing
of the Treasui y. if you keep the clause in, you
will have a little more funds with which to carry
on the Department. If you stiike it out, you
take that and give it to political favorites. That
is all there is of it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am not so
familiar with the laws in regard to this particular
provision as to be able to decide upon it; but 1
call the attention of the Senator who has just
spoken, and the attention of the Senatorfrom Cal-
ifornia who is opposed to this amendment, [Mr.
Broderick,] to one point, I am very certain that
neither of them wishes to do any injustice; and I
am strongly of the impression that they are act-
ing under a mistake or misapprehension of the
measure. It is proposed to strike out a provis-
ion which seems never did meet the concurrence
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, if I understand aright.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator will permit me,
that is a matter which perhaps may be properly
explained here.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Certainly.
Mr. YULEE. That would be a legitimate in-
ference from the manner in which the statement
was made by my friend from California, and
which went further than he intended, I presume.
The bill had been reported as it is without being
considered by the committee before this matter
was brought to the attention of the committee,
I believe by the Senator from California [Mr.
GwinJ himself. I presume he intended to say
that the effect of the clause had escaped the at-
tention of the committee at the time they acted
upon the bill which was reported.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me,
was not this clause proposed by the Postmaster
General, after the bill had passed through the
committee, and the chairman of the committee
was authorized to go to the Post Office Depart-
ment for the purpose of having some such altera-
tions made as were necessary?
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; it was part of the
original draft of the bill.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly I never saw it until
after the bill was reported. The committee au-
thorized me to move to strike it out.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is a
misapprehension, then, among members of tho
committee, as to whether they proposed it at all,
or not. I am well satisfied that it will destroy
all the minor offices, where the receipts are small,
in those sections of the country where there is no
great commerce, nor any great number of settlers
immediately tributary to the office. I am very
certain the Senator from California [Mr. Brod-
erick] himself does not want to effect that; and
1 do not believe the Senator from Maine would
dcRiio to effect it. I call the attention of those
Senators to the fact that the compensation of
postmasters is made up mainly by a percentage
on the receipts at the offices, until it reaches a
certain amount. For instance: in the city of New
York, the postmaster would take in an immense
amount; and he would be allowed a percentage,
I believe, on what he receives, until his percent-
age or pay would amount to a certain sum. Am
I correct?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then, when
you come to a little office where the amount re-
ceived is not great, but, on the contrary, very
small, and it is absolutely necessary to the people
around that the service should be rendered, they
are allowed the same percentage. It is a percent-
age that will not pay for the trouble, daiiy, or
semi-weekly, or tri-weekly, of opening the mail
and attending to the business of the office. The
consequence .will be, in many cases, the post-
master will say, " I cannot endure this trouble
for a percentage upon so small a sum daily, semi-
weekly, or tri-weekly, for the same percentage
that js received by the person holding the office
of postmaster, and discharging its duties in the
city of New York; for a mere percentage upon
one hundred, or upon fifty or twenty-five dollars,
I cannot consent to undertake the duties of the
office; and I therefore will not hold the office, if
I am to be cut off from the fees altogether." A
different percentage, as it may be called, is given
to the postmaster who attends to the duties of one
of those small offices, by a provision now inserted
| m this bill in the following words, which I will
■ read;
; '• And no othei or fuither allowances whatever shall be
I made to any postmaster, except from the lent of boxes or
! pigeon holes, at now aiuhoiJz,cd by law; and the comtms-
! moiis and allowance's authorized hvtlus aetshall be subject
\ to the piovisions of the forty-lit t section of the act entitled
1 ' An net to reduce into one the seveial acts establishing and
regulating the X'ost Ofliec Department,' approved Maioh 3,
1825."
