234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
under this act, is to be taken to be a release and
discharge of the United States from all other and
-further compensation that the claimant may be
entitled to receive under the provisions of this act.
In case any alleged holder of any claim contem-
plated by this act shall fail, for any cause, to pre-
sent the same for adjudication and adjustment,
his claim is forever after to be deemed and taken
as altogether invalid, in whose hands soever the
same "maybe. It being the true intent and mean-
ing of this act that the proper amount of indem-
nity for the damages therein provided for cannot
be" considered in the aggregate to exceed the
amount therein appropriated, however much the
claims for indemnity in the aggregate may exceed
that sum; and should the board of commissioners,
under their rules and regulations of allowance,
find a larger aggregate, the reduction, pro rata,
then required, is only to be considered as a mode
of ascertaining the true amount of damages sus-
tained in each case.
An'attorney to the board is to be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, whose duty it shall be to resist
all unjust claims, and to protect the interest of the
United States and of the fund that may be appro-
priated to carry this act into execution; and, to
this end, he is to have power to examine wit-
nesses and to cause testimony to be taken, and
have access to all testimony before the commis-
sion for the purpose of examining it, and a right
to bo hoard in ail cases. He is to be sworn to the
faithful performance oXhis duty as attorney, and
is to be entitled to the same compensation as one
of the commissioners.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, this is
a bill which has been so frequently the subject of
consideration in tins body, and by its committees,
that 1 feel that 1 should be trespassing upon tin:
Senate if 1 attempted to go into details in the dis-
cussion of this u 1)j<■ ot,
Tho bill has been the subject, I believe, of twen-
ty-five leports from committees of this body, all
in its favor but three, and those three were at a
lime anterior to the year 1-^24, when upon a reso-
lution of this body full information was given to
the Senate from tho public archives of the whole
history of the^e claims. Since this evidence has
boon received and these now lights thrown upon
tho subject, of the many icpoi'is that have been
made heie by the abhst men in the country,
there has not been one aiherse report. All of
them have been in favor of tho measure—reports
by Mr. Livingston, iepoi ts by Mr. Ohoale, re-
ports by ]\Ir. Everett. The reports by all these dis-
tinguished gentlemen, and bv many others whom
1 wmld mention, have been fnvoiabie. The bill
has passed this body I believe eight limes. It is
rince the year JS-ib alone that a direct vote has
be.ii obtained upon it in the j louse ot Uepresont-
ati ves. It has icvei been ,id\ei>e!v repoi r<-d upon
1 ilt,le. T\V h e If | d ! hat J ioilr e ,i!'t< i Jm \ ing
passed (hi 5 body, end twice it wa:> submbted to
the PiCfcidenf. once to Air. Polk, who veto.-d it.
It was passed a:>ain, anil Air. Pieiee vetoed it; hut
the sense of Congress, and more emphatically,
the sense of the Senate, has been manifested on
tins bill in every form m which it could l^o ex-
pressed. All the committees since lfr'iG have re-
ported m favor of it. It hns never since 1^26
been put to the vole of the Senate when the vote
of the t'v'iui!e has not been in its fa\ ot.
It hay !><en the Fubje-.tof elaborate reports.
-\nifii:': the dwiuncruirihed names that have given
their sanction to lin* bill, are embraced all that
is most venerable and most wise in our country.
Gem lal WesiiineMon considered these claims as
well founded, and i^urd a proclamation to oar
merchants in 310'.". to persist in their commercial
eij'orts: to ei> aiiro.ai and attempt to carry on the
commeice of the country, and that they should
bo taken care of; that tin ir injuries should be re-
diessed: ami that the Government would attend
to it. Theie is evidence enough of Mr. Jeiler-
sotv's recognition of these chums as just and w«H
founded. ""The Jafo Presn'i at Adams, nnd th^
former President Adorns, recognized their justice.
Webster, and Clay, and Lowndes of South Car-
olina. 1 believe, all gave their sanction to the jus-
tice of these claims.
It is unnecessary for me, I presume, to enter
into the discussion; the Senate understands the
que^non; and 1 have usen merely for the purpose
of callinr attention to the leading facts of theca.rc,
with the hope that no prolonged discussion of it
will take up the time of the Senate. We all know
how these claims originated. By the treaty of
1778 of amity, of commerce, and of alliance, with
the French Government, we obtained that assist-
ance which seemed absolutely necessary for our
success in the revolutionary war. France stepped
| forward and proffered us her aid. That treaty
was made securing it; and, by that treaty, she
not only promised assistance, (which she gave,)
i but she guarantied to us our independence, un-
limited in all national rights. She made good all
her promises. In the very sarfte article where she
gave us this most important guarantee, we guar-
antied to France all the possessions which she
! then held in America; and she held large posses-
| sions—the West India islands. We guarantied
1 them, and all that she might acquire during that
i war, to her forever. We guarantied that her
! vessels, in time of war with others, should have
! peculiar ad vantages nnd privileges m our ports.
Her ships of war, with the prizes that they might
j take in war with any other nation, might be
! brought for shelter into our harbors, and should
| reccivo that shelter, and might sell their prizes
! here. In the same spirit in which these provis-
1 ions were made by her consular convention in
: UttS, she gave to her consuls all the poweis that
1 weic necessaiy to the complete enjoyment of
i these provisions.
i These were tin: stipulations. Franco performed
; them on her side; we failed to perform them on
i ours. Whenever we set up claims against France
i for these stipulations, she answered: " Indemnify
I us for your failure to perform your sacred obhga-
! tions, contracted by treaty under cncumstances
j that ought to have given them double force; when
j our assistance was essential to you to establish
| youi independence, we gave it; we perfoinied to
i you in your days of infancy and weakness all our
i obligations, and gave you strength and gave you
I victory. Now, fulfill to us the obligations which
| you entered into at the same time to us. and in
! consideration of our obligations to you." We not
; only did not giant the pnvilege m our harbors to
! her privateers and mcn-of-war, which we prom-
, ised, but during the mighty struggle to which she
j was called, shortly alter our war, to establish her
own freedom, she called upon us m the name of
our houot, in the name of American honor, to
. fuhill these obligations. Not only did we not do
that, but we entered into obligations by the tieaty
1 commonly known as .lay's treaty, with Great
Hritain, by which we stipulated to exclude France
j from the very privileges we had conceded to her
i by this former treaty; and we engaged with Great
' Britain that the prizes she was then making on
Fiench commerce might come into our ports and
I receive equal shelter and equal favor with the
; khips of France.
! Fiance complained of all these things, and
j claimed indemnity fiom us. We tried to buy her
; otVwith money. This Government offered her a
| gro-s sum of 5.IK!!),000 francs That was scorn-
; fully njected. We offered $200,000 per annum
■ duung the continuance o f any future war of France
i —a peipetual and everlasting annuity. Finally,
i sir, it was agreed that France should renounce all
1 these claims which she had upon us, in consid-
i eration of our renouncing and assuming upon our-
1 selves the leaponsibiUty of paying all that was
| due fiom her for spoliations upon the commerce
| of our merchants. This Government availing
I itself of the mighty responsibility which Franc*
j had incurred, iwd that churn upon France, ust-.d
j the claim which our own fellow-citizens justly had
' for compensation for property of winch they had
1 been lawlessly deprived. We agreed to exercise
i our so\ercign power over our citizens as a Gov-
> ernment—to release to France all those private
claims. We thereby assumed upon ourselves,
cei taiiily, the obligation to pay to these claimants
what Ftaive ought to have paid.
Now, sir, to this longrday it has been neglected
■ and remains undone. Those ehumants have never
iatled or ceased to make complaint to the Govern-
ment of the non-payment of these claims. I be-
lieve the convention of September, lfcOO, which
contained these jnutual renunciations of the two
Governments, was notratified until 1801. In 1802,
within less than a year thereafter, these claimants
came before the Government, and claimed the in-
demnity to which they were entitled; and a favor-
able report was made. They have pcrsifctod, from
that day to this, with an industry and persistence
that seem1 to be indomitable,in renewing and re-
peating this application for justice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky will pause for a moment. It is the duty
of the Chair, under the older of the Senate, to
call up the special order at this hour, unless some
motion be made.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope that the Senate
will agree to^ostpone that until I get through, as
I shall in a few minutes, this statement; because
I do not intend to discuss the matter.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator will be al-
lowed to finish his remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
j postponing the special order, and it was agreed to.
| Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not propose, as I
J stated at first, to go into a discussion of this ques-
i tion. I am prepared for it, but I hope it is un-
| necessary. I wish merely to sketch an outline
! of this case, and revive the memory of gentlemen
i upon it. To my mind there never was a more
just claim, nor one more thoroughly demonstrated
| hypubhedocumentff-and unimpeachable evidence,
I than tins claim is. 1 have examined it with some
1 core, and that is my judgment. I undertook
, to mention the names of some of the reliable men
! of former times who examined it, and were ac-
! quainted with it, and knew it. I ought not to omit
. that the late Cjuef Justice Marshall was most un-
' equivocal m his opinion, and in the declaration of
: it, that these claims were just and ought to be
i paid. Me was one of the commissioners sent to
i France to negotiate these very claims. He was
! thoroughly instructed,and thoroughly acquainted
! with the whole subject, and he declared freely in
| this city, that m his judgment the claims were
: valid and just claims, and ought to be satisfied.
J confess, sir, that besides the evidence, my mind
kposes with great confidence on the judgments
of such men—men who lived near the period of
, these transac ions, and who, f'i om tln-ir positions,
■ must have been minutely a< quainted, moie rni-
;■ nntely than we, perhaps, can now be, with the
| history of these chums.
Sir, I will not enter (because that would lead to
I a discussion of the subject now) into a review of
| the excuses that have been made by the oppo-
e nents of these bills m tunes past. 1 do not pro-
poi-e myself to commence a general debate on the
; subject. The bill la guarded. Some npprehen-
j sums were ent"rtawed that the claims embraced
under our tieaty with Spam might come in under
I it. Some weie apprehensive, and objected to this
j bill because it might embrace claims that were
! provided for undei our convention of 1803 with
i France. This bill, m its terms, has been drawn
, to quiet, all appi ehensions of that sort, nnd declares
| that those claims are excluded. The. bill doesnot,
' in truth, embrace them nf all. They ;<ru not only
■ not embraced m anv language of this bill, but
they ai e expi essiy excluded by its positive terms.
Payment has been long delayed, but under the
cncumstances of the case, far fiom this delay
detracting from the probable genuineness and
justice of the claims, it ought, i think, to make
us feel the obligation of permitting this delay to
exist no longer. We aio now able to pay. When
these claims weic first presented to Congress we
were not able to pay the money, and the only
passable national excuse we can make forthe non-
payment of these chums long and long ago, was
necessity. 'We had it not. in our power to pay
them, end we therefore d'd not paj^ them. We
cannot say*thai, now. We may not be able to
j1 pay at the moment: I know tho financial neces-
! sities of the country now, but they amount after
] all to a mere tnfie in comparison with the ability
p of the coi-ntry. Still, tile temporary and acci-
j, dental condition of the Treasury is looked to m
tins bib dud is piovided for. The sum to be
!' a\.< reed is not u> exceed £,5,000.000, and that
, Sw,000,cu0 is to I e paid m certificates upon the
■ Treasury, redeemable at the pleasure of the Gov-
1 ernment. As long as your necessities require it,
j you will delay the payment of the principal. At
j the pleasure of the Government it is to be paid,
| and not sooner than their ability and their will
; concur to make the payment.
I rest on this opening of the case rather than
a discussion, for I have attempted no discussion.
I hope Senators have made up their minds for or
against the bill. I am willing to abide their judg-
ment. 1 should have preferred that every scat m
