1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1317
Florida may be right. It may go a iittle further
than was intended; but if I understand it aright,
this clause is in conformity with the recommend-
ation of the Department. Now, if there be any
little mistake that shall be found in this hereafter,
it will be just as easy to amend this as it will be
to insert something new, if you retain it.
Mr. GWIN. Why, Mr. President, we cannot
pass two laws running through Congress at the
same time, and strike out sections for the express
purpose of meeting a bill coming from the lower
House, already stricken out by the amendment of
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, it is proposed to devise a plan
to bring this subject before the Senate. This
clause is a sweeping repeal of ail the laws con-
nected with the Post Office from die year 1825
down to the present time.
Mr. YULEE. I will say in addition, I prefer
that it should be stricken out for another reason.
I learn from my friend from California that he
had calculated upon my preparing the amend-
ment.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly I did.
Mr. YULEE. I had supposed he would do it,
and that the intention of the Committee has not
been carried out. I prefer, therefore, to hare it
stricken out, and I will prepare a clause for a bill
now before the committee, which will answer the
purpose.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope that we will allow
this section to remain in the bill as it is.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Iligler, Brown, Fitch, Green, Gwln,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Lane, Ueid, Sebastian,
Smith, Ward, and Yulee—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Broderiek, Chandler, Clark,
Clay, Collamer, Doohttle, Douglas, Font, Foster, Ilale,
Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, Hunter. Johnson of Tennessee,
King, Mason, Shields, Simmons, Trumbull, and Wilson—
32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall now put the
bill on its passage.
Mr. YULEE. I have an amendment to the
same section to carry out the purpose of the com-
mittee. I will move it as an amendment to the
section that we have just been acting upon:
That nothing contained in this section shall be construed
to repeal tile fourth section of the act, approved July 27,
1854, entitled " An act making provision for the postal ser-
vice in the State of California and the Territories of Oregon
and Washington."
I will state, in treating upon the subject-matter
of that section in reference to the service on the
Pacific, that it was the purpose of the committee
to retain the service on the Pacific, as it exists now,
until further advices upon the subject. I hope,
therefore, that the proviso which I have offered
■will be adopted.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope this amendment
will not prevail. It will nullify the action of the
Senate just taken. It is in California that I am
opposed to this abuse. Other Senators must
speak for their own States. 1 showed that it cost
$ 114,000 to pay the incidental expenses of post-
masters in California. I showed that every south-
ern State but one, did not exceed more than one
half the amount; but here I find the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
introducing an amendment to nullify the section
just passed upon by the Senate. I am astonished
at the chairman of the Post Office Committee, for
in the early part of this evening he was eager, if
I understood him aright, for the passage of this
section as it came from the committee. My col-
league was absent, and I bad to suffer the odium
of voting to raise the postage to five cents. My
colleague's name is not upon the list. If he had
been present I would have remained silent in my
seat, and allowed him to have defended the State
of California. I would have been saved the rebuke
that I received from the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wilson;] it would have fallen upon
my colleague, and not upon me. At that time I
understood the chairman of the committee to be
in favor of this section as it appears in the bill;
but 1 am very sorry that he has been influenced
to change his opinion in regard to it.
Mr. YULEE. I do not understand what the
Senator means by being influenced.
Mr. BRODERICK. You have changed your
opinion, whether you have been influenced or
"°Mr. YtTLEE. The Senator will excuse me for
saying that I have not changed my opinion. I!
have stated to the Senate upon what motive I ob-
ject, and my reasons for it. I have stated that I
was opposed to the change, but I have stated also,
that it was in the contemplation of the Depart-
ment to make a change in respect to the Pacific
service. Now the Senator is mistaken in saying
I was eager for the passage of this section. I told
him that I favored it; but just before his colleague
came in, when the Senator came to me and in-
quired in respect to the income from postages in
California and the large amount allowed to post-
masters in California, I stated to him, my atten-
tion being then, for the first time, called to the
fact that the amendment directed by the commit-
tee was not in the bill, and why it was that there
was a special act there which auth orized an extra
allowance to postmasters in California. I at the
same time stated to him distinctly, that his col-
league had been authorized and instructed by the
committee to move an amendment that would
save that provision.
Mr. BRODERICK. You told me that my col-
league had prepared an amendment. You did
not state that he was instructed to offer it.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator misunderstands
me. I stated it distinctly, and then, when my
attention was called to it, I stated distinctly that
his colleague had been authorized to move that
amendment, and that he was authorized so to do
because I, myself, was in favor of the bill as it
stood.
Mr. GWIN. This legislation, in regard to the
compensation for small offices in California, Wash-
ington, and Oregon, was prepared with great at-
tention and care, five years ago. It was prepared
by the then chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, the late Senator Rusk.
It was done after an elaborate examination. The
amendment that is now proposed to be repealed
was placed upon the statute-book, and, from that
time to this, it has worked well. It has enabled
the Post Office Department to establish post offices
in remote sections of the State of California, in
theState ofOregon,andin theTerritory of Wash-
ington. It has given a discretion which no man
can say has ever been abused; a discretion that
was necessary to extend postal facilities to the
interior portions of that remote section of the
Union. It was not a system that was forced and
thrust summarily upon the Congress of the Uni-
ted States without due examination. It was intro-
duced after a full consultation with the Post Office
Department. I never had the most remote idea
that this clause repealed this system established
there after mutual deliberation, and which had
been found to work well, until it had been called
to my attention by the chairman of thePostOffice
Committee. Then it was that I and the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads endeav-
ored to prevent this injury to the small offices in
the remote States and Territories, m order that
the same discretion, which had never been abused,
and it has never been pretended that it has been
abused anywhere, shall be continued to the Post-
master General in regard to separating offices and
other offices on the Pacific coast.
Now, Mr. President, as a Senator from Cali-
fornia proposes to destroy this system, proposes
to strike out the offices m his own State, while
the Senators from Oregon, who are both here to
speak for themselves, join me in saying that this
is proper legislation, if the Senate choose to join
one, against three, let them do it. I have noth-
ing to sav in regard to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the Senator from
Arkansas will permit me one moment. I want
to correct an impression that might be made by
the remarks of my colleague. I do not wish to
have the Senate act with one Senator from Cali-
fornia against three Senators from California and
Oregon. I merely stated that I believed the com-
ji pensation allowed by law would be sufficient,
! without perquisites, to the postmasters in Califor-
i ma. I also recollect, and did recollect when I rose
! first, that the Postmaster General received a great
i deal of abuse for creating overland routes to Cal-
iforma. 1 have no objection to them. I am will-
ing to encourage them, although I think I never
was consulted in regard to any of them; but, sir,
I hope, if my colleague wishes to preserve the
mail routes to California, that he will not take so
much money out of the Treasury to pay post-
masters. It had better be given to the Depart-
ment for carrying the mails to California, than to
postmasters. I think that the amount allowed
by law will fully compensate those officers for
the duty they have to perform. J do not wish
to be understood that I desire the Senate to go
with one Senator against three; nor do I care
about my colleague making that strong appeal to
the Senate, because he acts with the majority of
this Senate. I do not. I suppose, at least, he so
considers me. I wish to state, that if there is
money to be expended, I believe it had better be
expended upon mail routes to California, and not
given to the postmasters.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to ask one question, will
the Senator tell me how much is allowed to the
postmasters of California under this law ?
Mr. BRODERICK. I do not know.
Mr. GWIN. Therefore he moves to strike 1
out a thing that he does notknowanythingabout.
Mr. BRODERICK. I leave it to the Post-
master General, a gentleman in whom my col-
league has great confidence: I have very little; but
my colleague has a great deal. I take his recom-
mendation, and I am willing to be governed by it.
Mr. GWIN. It is not his recommendation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am glad that
this debate has arisen. These gentlemen may
or may not agree. It is immaterial for me to
have an opinion about that. I am very certain
the Senator from Wisconsin, at the commence-
ment of the discussion, when the proposition was
first made to strike out a portion of this bill which
destroys a great many of the small offices on this
side of the Rocky Mountains, called attention to
the fact that by the existing law, California, Ore-
gon, and the Pacific coast were conceded and se-
cured in very extraordinary privileges. I was
not disposed to deprive them of those privileges,
if the residue of the country was protected in its
rights also. I was not certain either, after he
suggested it, and after a few words of conversa-
tion with him, that the States on the Pacific coast
were not protected to rather too great an ex-
tent, and I am not certain but that they received
from the discretion left in the Department a pro-
tection that went beyond the limits of any reason-
able discretion. Since I have heard the discus-
sion here, I am satisfied that the discretion has
run to the utmost limit, and I am satisfied that
the law which was passed in 1854, which author-
ized a discretion that has led to expenditures so
heavy, ought to be "repealed. I am, therefore,
not at all willing to vote for the amendment now
offered by the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. I trust that whilst
we are cutting down all the offices this side of the
Rocky Mountains, we will not continue to those
upon the other side so heavy an amount as the
facts given to us, as I believe them established,
show them to be.
Mr. LANE. I should like to hear the amend-
ment read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. YULEE. I will state that the fourth sec-
tion in the act to which the amendment refers, is
a section of an act distinct and separate from the
General Post Office laws, and relating to the Pacific
service alone.
Mr. LANE. I only desire to say one word,
and that is in defense of Oregon. I will state to
the Senator from California, [Mr. Bkoderick,]
at whose instance the provision of the bill having
refeience to tho repeal of the laws in relation to
the postal service has been adopted, that Oregon
is exempt from any of the odium that attaches to
that portion of the country; that she has not a
single officcr 
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Senator permit
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. LANE. No, sir; I will not yield. I shall
be through in a moment. I only desire to say, m
her defense, that the amount paid to postmasters
in Oregon lias been very small. The trouble with
us has been to find men who would discharge
the duty of postmaster, as I before stated. The
whole amount paid during the last year to post-
masters in Oregon was but $5,580. That is the
whole amount received under this law that gives
the privilege of which gentlemen now speak, and
which we ask to have the benefit of. With the
advantages of tliis law, that we ask shall be re-
tained, tiie whole expense of postmasters in that
