1859.
The call of the roll was gone through with.
Mr. WILSON. Is there a quorum voting ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iyerson
in the chair.) No, sir.
Mr. WILSON. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
out of order until the result of the vote is an-
nounced by the Chair.
Mr. HUNTER. There are some Senators
here who have not voted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators are
requested to vote, so as to form a quorum. It
lacks but one of a quorum.
Mr. GWIN appeared and voted.
The result was then announced—yeas 13, nays
21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collamer. Donlittle,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, King, Shields, Smith, Trum-
bull, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Broderick, Brown,
Clay, Douglas, Fitch, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Iverson,
Johnson of Aikansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Mason,
Keid, Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, Ward, and V alee—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. YULEE. I offer now, as an amendment,
the routes which the Senate committee have di-
rected me to report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Florida that the original
amendment has not yet been agreed to. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HALE. Allow me one moment. Is that
the amendment to the bill abolishing the franking
privilege and for other purposes ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; that
is the amendment.
Mr. HALE. Before the question is put, I
move to strike out the fifth section of the amend-
ment; and I will simply say, whilst you have
abolished the franking privilege of the President .
and everybody else in the world, you have left it j
by this fifth section  • . ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from New Hampshire that
that motion was made by the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Trumbull,] and the Chair under-
stands it was overruled by the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion was to strike
out the proviso to the first scction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
misunderstood it. He thought it was the same
^Mr". HALE. You have abolished the frank-
in0, privilege for everybody and every depart-
ment of the Government, but left it open to the
Post Office Department.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir.
Mr. HALE. I know better; I am reading
from the book. We leave a qualified franking j
privilege; and, as the Senator contradicts mej 1 ,
will read it: j
" Sec. 5. *find be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster ,
General, the Assistant Postmasters 1
of the Post Office Department, the Auditor of the treasury !
for the Post Office Dcp.irtmont, and the chief clerk of the
said Auditor, be, and they are hereby, authorized to receive ,
and send free m the mads all letters and packets aud other i
mailable matter relating exclusively to their official du-
tU'S."
Mr. YULEE. Goon. " Relating exclusively
to their official duties."
Mr. HALE. It continues:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1819
to leave the Post Office Department, which was
engaged in managing the postal business, the'
privilege ofcommunicating with their agents. The
postmasters were authorized to send free letters,
marked *' special post office business,and re-
lating exclusively to their respective offices; and
a high penalty was imposed upon those who fixed
a false certificate or a false indorsement upon a
leThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from 3New
Hampshire.
Mr. HALE and Mr. CHANDLER called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. BROWN. The vote has not been counted
vet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The result of
the vote must be announced before that motion
can be in order.
The result was then announced—yeas 18, nays
16; as follows:
" Or to the business of the Po=t Office Department, and
they shall, in every ease, mdoise 011 the back ot eveiy
fetter or package so to be sem free, over their own signa-
lmen the woids,' official business.'  
Then it goes on and gives it to every postmas- j
master in the United States. These men may be ;
as pure as purity itself. If you leave tins open |
they will be applied to, and they will be used tor j
the distribution of political matter by the party
in power. I do not care whether you put it " ex- 1.
clusively" or "conclusively," that will be the |(
effect; but if not, they will be subjected to the J
suspicion. Whilst wiping out the franking pnv- ,
ile<re from everybody else, why not do it from ,i
the Post Office? It is just as easily for those gen-
tlemen to send mail matter as the Treasury,
Navy, and War Departments. It is abolished m
those Departments, and we ought to maKfe a clean ,
thine of it and wipe them all out. If it does not
create corruption, there will be a suspicion of cor-
ruption, which is just as bad. I hope it will be
StMr? YULEE. The idea of the committee was
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Chandler, Clark, Doolittle,
Douglas, Foot,Foster, Gwin, Hale, Harlan, Houston. Hun-
tei. King, Lane, Simmons, Smith, Trumbull, and Wilson
AYH—Messrs. Bigler, Broderick, Brown, Clay, Fitch,
IyeiMjn. Johnson of Aikansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Mason, fleid, Sebastian. Shields, Slidell, Toombs, Ward,
and Yulee—16.
So the amendment was agreed to; and the sec-
tion was stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment offered by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads as
amended. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I now offer an amendment con-
taining additional post routes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To that I desire to offer
an amendment for a small route in my State. I
have a petition lying on my table for it.
Mr. YULEE. I accept it. I move to dispense
with the reading. It contains nothing but routes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection the reading of the amendment will be
dispensed with. The Chair hears none.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no other
amendments be offered the bill will be reported
to the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have some amendments to
offer before the bill is reported to the Senate, and
1 move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is too late.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in, and ordered to be
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time;
and on the question, " Shall the bill passr
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and nays;
ar.d they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to cail the roil.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, when his name was called
said- I have consented to pair off with the hon-
orable Senator from Texas, [Mr Houston.]
should have voted against the bill, and he would
have voted for it.
Mr DOOLITTLE announced that Mr. Uur-
i kee had paired off with the Senator from Mmnc-
I sota, ["Mr. Rice.] . _
I Mr. SIMMONS. I have agreed to pair ott
1 with the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Fitzpat-
rick] on the passage of the bill. I otherwise
should vote against it.
The result was then announced—yeas 11, nays
13; as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Benjamin, Broderick, Brown, Clay,
Fitci), Hunter, Iverson, Johnson ot Ark.m-a<, Jolnison of
Mason. Reid, Sebastian, biuelds, fthdell,
™Claik,Douglas, Foot,
Fost'ei, Hale, Harlan, King, Lane, Smith, liumbull, and
Wilson—J3.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this ques-
tion the yeas are 17 and the nays 13; no quorum
voting.
Mr. YULEE. I move that there be a <?a.llof
the Senate. There are several Senators In the
building who will be here in a few minutes. ~ffle
can send for them, and suspend action in the
mean time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is out of order while the motion made by the §ea-
ator from Florida is pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion to adjourn is
always in order.
Mr. FOSTER. The motionof the Senator frpm
Florida is for a call of the Senate. I ask whether
such a motion is in order, and whether there can
be a call of the Senate ?
Mr. HUNTER. We cannot have a call of the
Senate; and I do not think we should weary our-
selves by sitting here for nothing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in the
power of the majority to send for the absent Sen-
ators.
• Mr. YULEE. I do not design to send out of
the building for Senators, but only that time
should be given to send for the Senators who are
in the building, but out of the Chamber just now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a division on the
motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is too late.
The Chair announced the decision. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will send for absent Senators.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope we shall stay here until
we pass the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will execute the order and bring in ab-
sent Senators. . .
Mr. SEWARD appeared and voted in the neg-
ative. „
Mr. GWIN appeared, and voted in the affirm-
aUMr. DOOLITTLE. I had paired off with the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,] who is a
friend of the bill. I am opposed to it; but for
the purpose of making a quorum, I am willing to
vote, if other gentlemen, friends of the bill, will
take the responsibility, as between me and that
Senator, that it will be satisfactory to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that it will
require but a moment to take this vote in the morn-
in°\ All have proposed their amendments, and
alf that will be necessary will be to call the yeas
and nays. AVe might as well adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. If we do, Senators will go on and
discuss it for an hour in the morning.
Mr TRUMBULL. Certainly no one will do
that if we can come to an understanding that we
shall take the vote at a certain hour. I, for one,
will agree to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does any Senator
make a motion ?
Mr DOUGLAS. There cannot be a discus-
sion before the calling of the roll commences to-
morrow, for it has commenced already.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adllr!'YULEE. With the understanding that
we shall take the vote at twelve o'clock ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will try to prevent de-
bate. I can say no further.
Mr. KING. I will not agree to any under-
St Mr! JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It occurs to ma
in response to the gentleman, that if it is so un-
derstood, I trust hfs own party will
regard his word, and I think we can well affoid
to accept it. If the Senator makes a motion to
adiourru I shall vote for it.
T IVERSON. The Senator from New Y ork
[Mr. King] refuses to be a party to any such
agreement. I trust, unless there shall be a unan-
imous understanding about it, that the Senate
will not adjourn, but that we will send out and
brin-in the absent members.
SEWARD. I rise to a point of order. 1
T5k tliat the vote be put on the motion to adjourn.
Mr IVERSON. Well, sir, I will submit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That motion
