1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
is not in order. It was the last motion that was
put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is always in
order.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. I believe that
the same motion cannot be made in succession.
I ask that that question be decided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn is always in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Can it be
repeated times without number?
Mr. BROWN. There has been business done
in the mean time.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
already before the Senate. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Illinois, that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 13, noes 20.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Less than a quo-
rum may refuse to adjourn. There is no quorum
voting.
Mr. BROWN. 1 think the motion in such a
case is to send for absent Senators. 1 move that
the Sergeant-at-Arms be instructed to notify the
absent Senators to attend.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to enforce the
attendance of absent Senators.
Mr. BIGLER. I am confident, Mr. President,
that Senators here can come to an understanding
that they will take the vote to-morrow morning
at some hour, say twelve o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. A Senator ob-
jects on the other side.
Mr. KING. We have all voted.
Mr. BIGLER. What is the remark?
Mr. KING. We have already voted, and can-
not vote again.
Mr. BIGLER. I am perfectly aware of that;
but we can vote to-morrow when we have a quo-
rum, if we have a general understanding that the
vote will be taken in concurrcnce with that under-
standing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 wish merely
to suggest that the Senate is delayed for the pur-
pose of getting an agreement, of which there is
no possibility. If that Senator does not intend
to allow it, we will have to send for those Sena-
tors who are absent, and who ought not to be ab-
sent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What is the use of sending
for those who are absent, when there is a quorum
here and will not vote ? There is a quorum here
in the Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. That is a mistake.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Oh, no. There are Senators
enough here to make a quorum.
Mr. FITCH. I was about to say that several
Senators had paired off with absent Senators and
cannot vote on the passage of the bill. Hence
there is no quorum voting for the passage of the
bill or for or against adjournment.
Mr. DOUGLAS, if the Senate recognizes
the principlo of pairing off, it ought not to compel
them to vote. The Senate arc not bound by that.
Mr. FITCH. The Senate are not, but the
Senators are in honor bound to keep their word.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall fix to-morrow
at twelve o'clock, and agree by common consent
to take the vote without debate. I think we can
get it at that time.
Mr. BROWN. If that be understood, there
will be no difficulty.
Mr. WILSON. I think it can be. '
Mr. HUNTER. I agree to that.
Mr. MASON. The Senate has refused to ad-
journ, decided to sit without a voting quorum;
and as a test of the Senate whether they will send
for absent Senators, I move an order that the ab-
sent Senators be sent for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is pending
now.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate refuse to do that,
we had better adjourn. If we do that, I will wait
cheerfully.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to gentle-
men on the other side, that if they are willing to
take the vote to-morrow without debate, we had
better adjourn. We can take the vote without
debate then.
Mr. BROWN. They will not do that.
Mr. KING. We may adjourn, and the good
sense of the Senate will determine to-morrow
what course they will take. For one, I am not
disposed to make any arrangement to bind ab-
sent Senators or myself either.
Mr. SIMMONS. I merely wish to explain
that, when I paired off, I reserved my vote on
amendments and motions to adjourn. When the
result could not be affected, I voted to make a
quorum; but when I saw it might possibly affect
the result, I refused to vote. 1 am so situated now
that I cannot vote, except for an adjournment.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust a motion to send for
absent Senators will prevail. It must be obvious,
at this stage of the session, that we shall be kept
here every night practically; and unless we set
the example to-night, of compelling Senators to
remain here, they will be constantly going away
and leaving a few of us, who are disposed to stand
here and perform our duty. I trust every man
will be sent for and brought here, by the Sergeant-
at-Arms.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say to the Senator
from Georgia that we ought to consent to adjourn.
I have no doubt that we shall be able to take the
vote to-morrow without any debate, or a debate
that will amount to anything at all. I wish to
say another thing to him and his friends, and that
is, that they should keep their own party major-
ity, and take care of their own measures. We
are not responsible for this work.
Mr. BROWN. Help us to keep them here.
Mr. WILSON. I have been here all day. I
do not think we ought to take a factious position
on this question, and I do not believe anybody on
this side of the Chamber is disposed to do it. I
think, on the other side, as they fail to hold their
immense majority in this body here to do the
business of the country, they ought to consent to
adjourn. I have no doubt that we shall be able
to pass this bill within twenty minutes after it is
taken up to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I first made the sug-
gestion that we ought to adjourn over, and take
the vote to-morrow, and some remarks have fallen
from the Senator from New York, I wish to say
a word about it. I do not understand the Sena-
tor from New York to object to that course on
his part; but he says he will not enter into any
agreement to bind absent Senators. Neither
will I.
Mr. KING. Or myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Orhimself. Well, I did
not understand him to say '* or himself." I did
not undertake to bind absent Senators either; but
I did undertake to say, for myself, that I would
agree that the vote should be taken at any time,
without any discussion. We have had as much
discussion as any one wanted to-night; and I
would appeal to our friends to pursue the same
course. I have no doubt it will be adopted. Still
I cannot answer for those who are absent, as a
matter of course. I think we should adjourn until
to-morrow, when the vote can be taken. I have
no idea that my friend from New York has a
speech, or anything else, to delay the bill fac-
tiously, or for any considerable length of time.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to inquire of the
Senator from New York if he will consent to this
arrangement, with the understanding that it is not
to bind him or his friends?
Mr. KING. Nor anybody else.
Mr. REID. Inasmuch as gentlemen say we
cannot have a quorum here because our side of
the House is absent, I think we had better remain
here, and agree to the motion which has been
made, to send for the absent Senators.
Mr. HALE. Send for the majority first.
Mr. KING. It was not from any disposition
to be obstinate in this matter, but because I do
not think very well of these arrangements that I
objected. None of us know what will be pre-
sented to-morrow. Half a dozen Senators here
should not undertake to say that the discussion
should stop at twelve or one o'clock; and under
all circumstances, I prefer to enter into no arrange-
ment that will not leave me free to be governed
by circumstances as they exist on the day. I am
not in the habit of occupying the time of the Sen-
ate with any propositions, or with a great deal of
long talk. I was a little inclined to debate the
three cent postage more extendedly than I did,
but as it was a late hour, I was willing that it
should close; and I am willing to adjourn now. I
have confidence in the good sense of the Senate
to-morrow, quite as much as to-night, and so at
all times; but I am opposed to any arrangement.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe the question can be
taken to-morrow, after what the gentleman has
said, and I think it idle to call Senators here at
this time.
Mr. BIGLER. We can have a vote without
debate then.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; let us adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-seven minutes to eleven o'clock, p. in.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Februanj 24, 1859.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. A. G. Carothers.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the permis-
sion of the House to report a bill from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee I ask whether
there is a quorum in the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain.
After counting the House,
The SPEAKER stated that there were one
hundred and thirteen members present.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that there
be a call of the House; and I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Can there be a call of the
House while the main question is ordered ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not announced
the business before the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw the demand for the yeas and nays.
There is manifestly a quorum present.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 29, nays 125; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Avery, Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Bryan,
Rums, John B. Clark, Button Craige, Curtis. Davidson:,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis or Massachu-
setts, Gieenwood, George W. Jones, Jacob M. KunkeJ,
Letter, McRae, Mott, Murray, Parker, Reagan, Rutfin,
Tompkins, VaUandigham, Waldron, Elhlm B. Washburne,
Wutkins, and Woodson—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Atkins,
Barksdale, Barr, Bennett, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss,
Bocock, Brayton, Buffinton, Burnett, Caruthers, Case, Cas-
kic, Cavatiaugh, Chatfec, Ezra Clark, Clawson, John Coch-
rane, Colfax, Corning, Cragin, James Craig, Crawford. Cur-
ry, Dawes, l!)ean, Pick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie, Ed-
mundson,Fenton, Foley, Foster, GartreU, Giddings, Gillts,
Gilmer, Gooob, Goode, Goodwin, Granger, Gregg, Grow,
Lawrence VV. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Harris, Haw-
kins, Hickman, Hoard, Hodges, Hopkins, Horton, Houston,
Howard, Hughes, Jewett, Owen Jones, Keim, Kelsey,
Knapp, Leach, Lctcher, Lovejoy, Maelay, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Macon, Matteson, Maynard, Million, Montgomery,
Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Oliver A. Morse,
Niblack, Nichols, Palmer, Pendleton, Peyton, William W.
Phelps, Phillip*, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ready,
Reilly, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Royce, Russell, Scales,
Searing. Seward, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Robert
Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Si all worth, Stanton, James
A. Stewart, William Stewart, Talbot, Thayer, Thompson,
Vance, Wade, Walbndge, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, White, Wilson, Wortcndyke, Augustus R. Wright,
and Zolhcoffcr—125.
So the House refused a call of the House.
During the vote,
Mr. ENGLISH stated that if he had been in
the Hall when his name was called, he would
have voted " no."
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled an act to in-
corporate the National Washington Monument
Society; when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the same committee,
reported as correctly enrolled the following bills
and joint resolution; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 551) to protect the land fund
for school purposes in Sarpy county, Nebraska
Territory;
An act (H. R. No. 83) for the relief of William
H. Russell;
An a&t (H. R. No. 804) to authorize settlers
upon sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections, who
settled before the surveys of the public lands, to
preempt their settlements;
An act (H. R. No. 221) for the relief of Mary
Bainbridge; and
