238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
crease. The adoption of measures to protect fully
and completely ail the possessions which we now
have, by railroad communication, and, if needs
be, by additional naval power, is my mode of
practicing the Monroe doctrine. It is the best
means of influencing surrounding States, and a
far better agency of gaining additional posses-
sions than weak and lawless filibustering expe-
ditions.
But it is urged as an objection to the proposed
road that it will not only fail to pay fair dividends
on the capital necessary to construct it, but that
the business will not be sufficient to pay the ex-
penses ofwoikmg it when built; and it is admit-
ted that if the estimate of its income is to be based
upon the present amount of commerce and trade
between the Atlantic and Pacific divisions of the*
country, the objection would seem to be well
taken. But no icaanning could be more unfair,
and at the same time futile, than this. Who main-
tains that the present amount of business is suf-
ficient to fairly reward the necessary amount of
capital? This is not.claimed, nor need it be, by
the friends of the measure. It is not necessary
to establish that position, m order to demonstrate
the utility of the work. The great reasons in hivor
of it are, that it will increase not only the domes-
tic but the loreign commerce of the country: that
it will bcirct trade and tiavel; that it will develop
the mateual \v< alth of the country through which
it is to pass, and that population and all the oper-
ations of a civilized community will follow in its
wake. Nor does any one contend that we can
have a railroad immediately. Its constiuetion,
under the most favorable circumstance;;, will re-
quire much time—six or eijiht yeais, at least. In-
deed, tin; pendbi^ b !ls propose 10 give the con-
tractors fiom ten to twelve years to complete the
vvui k; and who, among the objeetois, will under-
take to tell us wli.il ihe condition of the country
will he ten vtais ht-nce 3 What will bo the pop-
ulation on t he A tlant!C and Pacific sides, and what
the demands tor Mich a channel of commerce may
be, no oiu' can tell with accuracy; but the lessons
< f eKpenenco aie the best index of the future.
The past growth of our country is, iherefore, the
safest basis upon which we eon lely; and any one
can .seo that on that ratio of increase, especially
when applied to the Pacific ngion, the result
would be almost fabulous. It is easy to show that
the commerce a'id undo betw"ni our people on
the P.K'ilic and tiio.-e on the Athmtie arc meager,
o(iin pa i ed with I ho hp o1' t he ,v hole country; but it
nitu^t be remembered mat the Pacific region has
U<'< n ouis for only a brief period; that the Amer-
ican population within tin: in .-it ten years has in-
ere.,si-(i fitly fold, ha\ mg swelled up fiom about
t-'.i thou.sand inhabitants to over five hundred
thou\.ml. The numbei of persons passing to
jo is i inuUy approaching the respectable
mm i her ol a hundred ihoiwand per annum, whit h,
nt i. \ i v dolle i c.i. h, amounts to the respectable
b:t\uiR- of s.>,'JOO,bwJ. Uut it muut. be noticed,
ulao, that each «e."tion <>{' the i oad, as it t'ppi one lies
the u'htei fiom the east and the west, would be-
;'.ct, to a <;-reat e>:tent, Us own business irom a re-
gion now unoccupied and unproductive*
Put the objection with which I am dealing, it
"wiii he t-ceii, is not strictly applicable to the pro-
posed action of Congress. It is not claimed that
the road, however successful, is to be a souice of
icvenue to the Government, nor can it be a dram
upon life men a* or pi operty beyond a very limited
♦ extent. The objection thut the road will not pay,
would cei trunly be a lair subject for capitalists to
(•■mud.'). Ir m a question for the decision of those
v. ho amy wri^b the question of constructing the
load. ilV.u-ktd that th"y ere to lose tin: money
which v.;ll be required for the work, it is scarcely
nectary to say that they v.ill not undettake to
construct it; and if the lav/ wo are about to pass
is not executed, s-niroiy the Government cannot
nuffer. Ino run-ons for Gove rnment aid to the
work stand far above a question of dollars and
cents, a-> i have abcady shown. That the road
may not pay the s:ockhold< rs. is no reason why
the Government should not have the u:je of it to
transmit its mails, its agents, its aimies, anrliR.il
the munitions and paraphernalia of war. Put 1
mosi eo.ifess,i\ir. Piesident, the objection which :
i am now combating had at one time made a ;
nfroi g impression on my own mind against the
utility of the scheme; but fuiler reflection upon
all its uL'jecu and tendencies, and especially upon
its political influence, and the necessities for it in
a military point of view, has made me its advo-
cate. I never have had any doubt of the practi-
cability of the work. I always believed it possi-
ble to construct a railroad across our domain to
the Pacific ocean, but had great doubts as to its
successful operation when built; and we must not
be astonished that there are those who doubt on
one as well as the other of these points, and that
I there are others who resist the enterprise on the
j broad ground that there is no necessity for it.
I Railroad improvement has always encountered
! an inveterate fogyism, which has hung 011 its
; skirts, and industriously predicted disaster-and
; failure at every step. Why, sir, it is but a few
j years since, in the Senate of my own State, I
; found U no easy task to combat the impression
j that a railroad from the eastern to the western
; extremity of that State was a visionary and im-
| practicable scheme. The construction of the
1 Pennsylvania railroad was resisted distinctly and
1 emphatically on that ground^ but it is now one
| of the best and most successful roads m the world.
; Put 1 object entirely to this mode of asceitam-
; mg the value of railroads. It is not to be csti-
j matedbydividtndstostockholders. GiuUushave
1 been the benefits conferred upon the country by
] railroads, there arc but few that could stand such
! a test. Then* real va'ue to the country through
j winch they extend consists not so much in income
I to then- owners as in their tendency to develop
j natural elements of wealth, to attract popul dion,
1 and to facilitate trade and travel. Why,sir, the
] time saved to the traveling public is m itself a
! source of great wealth to the country. If produci-
11\ e labor is the wealth of a nation, the tun'1 of each
1 individual :s capital to hun. We cdl know how
i much time we now save by coming to the capityl
j m lailroad cais, instead <_>f on horseback, or in
1 coachefs. I have seen it estimated that tlm tone
: saved to the traveling community by railroad i'n-
; e,dines, as a-muist former modes, is sufficient, if
j well employed, to cover the entno traveling ox-
I penses; so that it is seen, it thi« estimate be cor-
1 rect, we now travel fiee of charge, as compnied
! with former times. For instance: the distance
from IV1 issouri to the Pacific is about two thousand
mill's, and it would take a man, on foot, at least
thiee mouths to make the trip; and with horses,
; about two mouths; but by railroad, at ordinary
j speed, the trip can be accomplished m eighty
i hours, thus saving time enough to earn a large
I proportion, if not the entire expense, of the trip.
I besides this, their.general influence upon the pros-
j perity of the country is almost beyond estimate.
; These artenes of trade and travel seem to be as
| necessary to the vigorous growth and prosperity
i of the counti y as are the veins, in the human sys-
tem to gi\e life and giov/lh to the body. Their
1 leal value would be better understood and appre-
ciated should their functions be suddenly sus-
; pended. Who can imagine the condition of the
countiy in such an event? The shock would be
- teriilic. It would paralyse the business operations
of.th" counliy from one extremity to the other,
| and lead counLless sacufices and disappoint-
ments. If they are so important to the Atlantic
States, how shad the country between them and
; the Pacific prosper without tbeiruse? What wo
! need to piomote the welfare of, and give political
' and militaiy stiength to, the whole country, is a
grand aitery across the public domain, through
i which may flow anrl reilow the vital ihud from
1 the beai t of the Republic, giving health, growth,
1 and vigor to its Pacnicextiemities, now weak and
i paralysed. The agency it must have in develop-
' mg the material wealth of the country, and givmg
j value to the public domain, is also an important
1 element in its real value to the nation. Put I liiui
this point so fully and forcibly press nted by the
Senator from Cahforma,in his late exo lien t speech
in favor of the'road, that I think its reproduction
the best I can do for the cause. Pie nason,; as
follows;
Nor w it ihc m^rc e\pen<e nt cc^umon that 'eUid-
tile ^ato and sr'Uieiiieht ol the-e land-,, but foi the want of
;tnunoad leach mi.' irom the J'u< me in to the intenor. f.<rui-
li With tie- e.vvpiion of lin-ie kval n'vjlilmi!iooi!,-s, ;iio
del,) tved ot ail .>1:11 keN tm then produce, ji; well us of many
01 the return faophe^; and therein then kinds aie rendered
eoinpanitively v;oirIjIpIne _*aine teuuuk is uue to a
jrn'at exienT r:a icyaicL" the tveat icsion Ix'twcen the Wtales
and 'XVrntnnes on the Paeitie ami'the States tfiat boidcr
upon the M's-Mssippi.. That i;reat intermediate regron con-
tains an aicaut mx Imndred and eigUty-eigiit million one
hundred and seventy-nine thousand two hundred and forty
acres, nearly al! of which is public Units, ot lands to which
the Indian rule wsil soon be extinguished ; and, indeed, to
a vast portion of it theie is no Indian title whatever. From
the whole of this vast area the Government has received
nothing fiom tht, sale of the public lands. Tiie_-e hinds are
now almost inaccessible, either ftorn the Atlantic, the Mis-
sissippi, oi the Pacific, and fumifh 110 markets for products.
Alany ol these lands, as well as those m the States and Tei-
ntonos on the Pacific, contain Ujo nchy&t minerals, and the
miners must be supplied by those wno cultivate the arable
lands. These minerals include goid and silvei, quicksilver,
coal and iion. copper, lead, and salt, and many others, tyinsj
waste and unproductive for w.mt of ea?.y and economical
access; and here, too, are found the most valuable mineral
manuies. such as gyp.-um, plaster ot Pans, marl, &c. The
ladroad would carry a vas=t population into tins groat inter-
mediate region from our own countiy and Km ope. and would
nieiease e'nonnously the levenue of tile (jovernment from
the sales of the public lands.
" \\re have seen that the aggregate aiea of thn great Pa-
cific and intermediate region, now closed against emigra-
tion as 11 by an impcnetiable wall, amounts" to one and a
qu.utor thousand nuiliun aetvs. A laigu poi oon of this vast
mea consists ot the ncdiest aiable lauds, a stiil larger of
iamN ot amcdann quality, and a t-hil greater proportion of
1 and." admit ably ad ipted lu  ra/,m^; bin they aic now almost
worthier lor <Vcry [)inpo<c, :k i> p-oved by statistics, and
(temuti.maled by expeiK'nee. Here especially are the most
exteiiMve and valuable gta/ani: l.uids m the woi Id, covered
by the finest ovei wmcli roam inintlreds of thou-
sand.v ot buiLiio, tiie deer, the antelope, and other wild ani-
mals; and thr>e. t«>gt ihcr with the Indians, will be almost
their only oecup.int^ mini the laihoad iscoie-tru^ted. These
landh :ue admn ililv adapt"d tm g'-i/.ing ot' almost every de-
sei.ption. Ileie can be lai-ed the line.-t sheep upon the
contnu'iit, hoi-c-\ mule^, lmg". and cattle of every der-cup-
tioii. Ileie, t'K>, m many ponifji the camel can bo reared
well m lis anv p.nt-j ot A-ia oi Afnea, and in much
gientnr atmiiu int-e. and with more cconomy. With the
nnlioad, one vi t nnebhing tide ol' population would roll
on 11 om the ?.Ii --1 — ipm to th" I'ac iie, and ante-date by half
a centiny t ie wealth, power. <ne;nee>..". ami gloiy of the
lteputil.c, wild? seeteiiiu the L'n on by perpetual bonds of
eOiiiiU'-KT, iiiteiconi t. and niteret-i. Indeed, it i^self-
(Hulent. thai 11 the fn;,ine!.ii benefit-; oi the Government
weu: hsmted on\ to the nieiease in the ^aies of the public
Iaii!!", tir' aaTtiK'n! -d ti1 venue nom thi> souice alone would
buiM m.cMV i.ul/o.ui- io ihe Pae ne "
('(-nsnlet-ed, Mr. Vresident, as a more question
(if economy for the Government, this lmprove-
m< nt v/or.U nidi ha\(. strong chums on our favor-
able cons'-'ei.ition. The saving m mail s^'vico
alone v:ould be no mconsideiable item. We now
pay for thi.i service to California ynd our other
pomts on the Pacific over two million one hun-
ched and eighty thousand dollars a year. By the
rnihoad, at the highest rate claimed in the bill,
^•500 [>ev mile per annum, the cost would be but
about oim million dollars. It is true, sir, that a
single railroad could not furnish the mail to all
the points now supplied by the expenditure of
which 1 am speaking; but it would not require a
million dollars to furnish a daily through line on
this road. I doubt not that in this single item
we should save £,1,000,000 annually, and have a
far more efficient mail kcivkc. In addition, the
receipts oi the TrcaMiry, which are now but
1^300,000; v/ouiil be greatly enlarged. Cut, sir,
tins income in small m comparison with what
would result to the Treasury from the increased
population and consequent consumption of foreign
^oods which would^bHow. The Treasury would
secure lar^e incomes fiom this quarter. What
it might do as an agent of peace and civilization
no Than can foresee: but we all know that the ex-
pedition to Utah is likely to cost as much in money
as is claimed in the credit of the Government for
the purposes of this road; and we shall be very
fortunate indeed if we have no other occasion for
similar expeditions towards the Pacific prior to
the construction of the proposed work, i hope
we may not, but all the probabilities are against
such a conclusion. I am quite convinced that if
such an agency of intercourse had been in exist-
ence years ago, wo should never have had serious
trouble with the Mormons. The authority of the
(J iiitf.J tat'M Gou rnment would never have bfeen
lesuted hud the Government possessed facilities
if cenuin^ an army with promptitude to the
Teirm.e y, m order to sustain the assertion of its
auuun.'y, and to execute the laws.
1 am not the advocate of a prodigal use of the
pub;, j, m-.ney or of public property; but, sir, Gov-
emmenta, like individuals, may be ''penny wise
and pound foolish;'1' and a refusal to aid in the
construction of this read over the public lands on
the ground of economy, would be a striking illus-
tration of the truth of'the ada-e. By attempting
to save twenty or thirty or fifty millions, we may,
involve tiie Government m an expenditure of a
much larger sum. Wo may do more; we may
bring upon the country the degradation of (at least
for a time) losing our power and lowering our flag
on the Pacific side of the Union.
