1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1823
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire, in behalf
of a minority of that committee, to present their
views, accompanied by a resolution.
Mr. STANTON. I ask that the resolutions
reported both by the majority and minority may
be read.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
The following are the resolutions accompany-
ing the report of the majority of the committee,
made by Mr. Bocock:
Resolved, That the testimony taken in this investigation
proves the existence of glaring abuses in the Brooklyn navy-
yard, and, as such, require the interposition of legislative
reform; but it is due to justice to declare that these abuses
have been slowly but gradually growing up during a long
course of years, and that no particular Administration
should bear the entire blame therefor.
Resolved, That it is disclosed by the testimony in this case
that the agency for the purchase of anthracite coal for the
use of the Navy has been, for some time past, in the hands
of a person wholly inefficient and grossly incompetent, and
that reform is needed in the regulations which exist on that
subject; but there is no proof which traces any knowledge
of such inefficiency and incompetency to the responsible
authorities m Washington, nor any which shows that the
need of reform grows especially out of any actof theirs; but, j
on the contrary, it is expressly proven that the supply of coal
for the naval seivice has been purchased dinmg this Ad-
ministration upon terms relatively as favorable as ever here-
tofore.
Resolved, That while we could never sanction or approve
any arrangement on the part ot an officer of the Govern-
ment which, under the pretense of making contracts for
supplies, was designed to confer especial and conclusive
favor on individuals, yetin the contract entered into in Sep-
tember, 1858, between the Navy Department and W. C. N.
Swift for the supply of live-oak to said Department, it is ,
clearly proven by the testimony that, if the Secretaiy of
the Navy did contemplate any favor to the said Swift, lie
did not design to bestow it to the detiimentof the Govern-
ment; but that in all he did in this matter he kept always
in view the good of the public and the interests of the ser-
vice.
Resolved, That in tlic letting the contracts for the con-
struction of steam machinery for the vessels of the Navy,
during the present Administration, nothing has been shown
which calls for the interposition of the Congiess of the
United States; but it is manifest that the present hfrid of
the Navy Department has displayed a very laudable zeal to
secure tiie greatest amount of speed and efficiency attain-
able for said vessels.
Resolved, That nothing has been proven in this investiga-
tion which impeaches in any way the personal orofficiahn-
tegrity of the Secretary of the Navy.
The following are the resolutions accompany-
ing the report of the minority of the committee,
presented by Mr. Sherman, of Ohio:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy has, with the
sanction of the President, abused his discretionary power
in the selection of a coal agent, and in the purchase of fuel
for the Government.
Resolved, That the contract made by the Secretary of the
Navy, under date of September 23, 1858, with W. C. N.
Swift, for the delivery of live-oak timber was made in vio-
lation of law, and in a manner unusual, improper, and in-
jurious to the public service.
Resolved, That the distubuhon by the Secretary of the
Navy of the pationage in the navy-yard at Biooklyn among
members of Congress was destructive of discipline, corrupt-
ing in its influence, and highly iirjunous to the public ser-
vice.
Resolved, That the President and Secretary of the Navy,
by receiving and considering the party relations of bidders
for contracts with the United States, and the ell'ect5! of
awatdmg contiacts upon pending elections, hare set an ex-
ample dangeiousto the public safety, and deseivmg the re-
proof of this House.
Resolved, That the appointment by the Secretary of the
Navy of Daniel B. Martin, chief engineer, as a member of
the board of engineers toieport upon proposals for con-
stiuctmg machinery for the United States, the said Martin
at the time being pecuniarily interested in some of said pro-
posals, is hereby censuted by this. House.
Mr. SHERMAN, ofOhio. I am also instructed
by the same committee, to report a bill regulating
navy-yards, and for other purposes. I will say,
in reference to the bill, that the committee did not
have time to examine the bill ill detail, and in-
structed me to report it, without indicating any
opinion for or against it. I ask that it may be
postponed until Monday next, and made a spe-
cial order.
Mr. HUGHES. -I object to its being made a
special order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would suggest
that the bill be postponed until Monday, and the
House can then make such disposition of it as it
may see fit.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Can it then be
made a special order by a majority vote?
TheSPEAKER. It will require the same vote
then as now. .
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. SEWARD. How did that billget before
the House? The committee was appointed to in-
vestigate frauds in naval contracts. Now, I have
no objection to any report affecting any fraud
that may have been committed; but here is a bill
for another and distinct purpose, and I object to
its being introduced.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will say to the gentleman
that the committee authorized the gentleman from
Ohio to report the bill, without expressing any
opinion in reference to it, with a view of having
it postponed; but without any expectation thatit
should be acted on at this session.
Mr. SEWARD. If that is the object, I with-
draw all objection.
The consideration of the report and bill were
postponed until Monday, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am also instructed by the
committee to move that five thousand extra copies
be printed. The motion, of course, goes to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. BURNETT. How does that motion come
in? If it can only come in by unanimous con-
sent, I object.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It will go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that; but I
want to know how the motion comes here ? Has
the gentleman the right to make the motion ?
TheSPEAKER. That depends upon whether
the committee authorized the gentleman to make
the motion as a part of his report.
Mr. BOCOCK. They authorized me to make
the motion.
TheSPEAKER. Then the motion is a part of
the report, and it will go to the .Committee on
Printing.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BRYAN. I ask the gentleman to give way
for a moment, to allow me to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, The gentleman's
explanation can be made as well in committee.
I cannot withdraw the motion.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to know whether
the motion just made to print five thousand extra
copies applies to the report of the committee
merely, or the testimony?
The SPEAKER. The motion was made to
print extra copies of the report.
Mr. BOCOCK. But the testimony accompa-
nies the report.
The motion made by Mr. Phelps, of Missouri,
was agreed to—ayes one hundred and twenty,
noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee, in the chair.)
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. I move to take
up House bill (No. 712) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1860.
Mr. HUGHES. I submit the motion that the
committee take up the bill which I send to the
Clerk's desk, to revive the tariff of 1846. I un-
derstand that this committee has the right to ori-
ginate a bill as well as to take up one heretofore
referred to it. I desire to have a vote between
the two propositions.
The CHAIRMAN. The 135th rule of the
House is as follows:
" In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the hills shall be taken up and deposed of ill their order on
the Calendar; hut when objection is made to the consider-
ation of a bill, a majority of the committee shall decide,
Without debate, whether it shall be taken up and disposed
of, or laid aside ; provided that general appropriation bills,
and, m time of war, bills for raising men or money, and bills
concerning a treaty of peace, shall be prefeired to all other
bills, at the discietion of the committee; and wiien de-
manded by any member, the question shall first be put in
regard to tliem.
Mr. HUGHES. Then I object to taking up
this bill; and I move that it be laid aside.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman from Indiana cannot object.
The bill has not yet been taken up. The question
on the latter part of the rule must be put to the
committee, whether it will take up this bill or not.
If the committee decide not to take it up, then
the Chair is of opinion that it will be in order for
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, or any other member of the committee,
to move to take up any one of the appropriation
bills, as provided for in the rule; and if the com-
mittee refuse to take it up, then, under the first
part of the rule, the Calendar will have to be
called in order.
Mr. HUGHES. la the motion to take up the
bill debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. Itisnot. The gentleman
from Missouri moves to take up the naval appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to dispense
with the first reading of the bill. . -
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now propose
to submit a motion that the committee rise, with
the object of going back to the House and closing
the general debate on this bill, at some time that
will suit the pleasure of the House.
Mr. HOWARD. Name your time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. When we get
to the House I will submit a proposition which,
I hope, will be acceptable to the body. If not,
I will leave the question open for amendment,
that the House may choose between two desig-
nated hours.
Mr. LOVEJOY. We want to know when the
debate is to be closed, before the committee rise.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will indicate
it when we get into the House; and probably an-
other proposition may be submitted. I mova
that the committee do now rise.
Mr. GROW. I hope the committee will not
rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. MORGAN called for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Buffinton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 90, noes 31.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the .Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the bill of the House (No.
712) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1860, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE — EVENING SESSION.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I submit the
usual resolution to close debate on the naval ap-
propriation bill at three o'clock to-day.
Mr. HOWARD. Will my colleague give way
to me for a moment ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will yield to
my colleague on the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. HOWARD. I propose, with the consent
of my colleague, to offer an amendment to his
proposition, and I will state my object, as per-
haps it will facilitate the movement. I do not
wish to take up any unnecessary time in debate,
or to delay the business of the House; but I be-
lieve that there are some members here who are
so anxious to speak, that unless they are afforded
an opportunity now, they will cut up their hour
speeches into twelve five minutes' speeches.
Now, I would suggest that we shall make greater
progress with the public business if, by common
consent, we go into the Committee of the Whole,
with the understanding that there shall be no
voting, and that the debate shall run on as late
into the night as gentlemen please. Gentlemen
can then go to dinner, and need not come back
unless they have a mind to, and let the debate
terminate to-morrow at eleven o'clock.
Cries (from both sides of the House) of
["Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will accept the
gyo-o-ggtion of my friend from iWlichigan.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the understanding be
that there shall be nothing done but debate; and
then gentlemen can go and come as they please.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. And that after
four o'clock there shall be no vote taken in com-
mittee, except on a motion to rise; or in the
House, except on a motion to adjourn. [Cries
of" Agreed!"]
Mr. ATKINS. I object.
