242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January G,
by submitting the question of location to capi-
talists whose interest will prompt them to select
that route upon which the road can be built for
the least amount of money, and in the shortest
space of time.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, when this bill
was under consideration at the last session, I sub-
mitted some amendments to it, the object of which
•was to provide for the construction of two Pacific
railroads—a northern and a southern road. The
bill then reported to the Senate by the select com-
mittee, and which is the same now before us, pro-
vided for Government aid to only one road, and
confined its eastern terminus to some point on the
Missouri river, between the mouths of the Big
Sioux and Kansas rivers, and its western term-
inus to San Francisco. It proposed to grant the
alternate sections of the Government lands for
twenty miles on each side of the road on its whole
route, making- twenty sections, or twelve thou-
sand eight hundred acres to the mile. It also pro-
posed to contract with th*T person or persons,
company or companies, who should undertake its
construction, for the transportation of the Gov-
ernment mads for twenty yeais, and to agiee to
advance, byway of pay for this service, in icgu-
lar and equal portions, $35,000,000 in Govern-
ment bonds, as sections of twenty miles should
he completed and put m operation; the company
constructing the road to refund back this advance
pay in railroad service, in carrying the mail.*,
soldiers, sailors, munitions of war, and other Gov-
ernment stores and property, at certain rates of
compensation to be agreed upon in the contract,
and limited in the bill itself.
My amendments pioposed (hat the President
should enter into a similar contract, or contracts,
for the construction of two roads, the eastern term-
imis: of >me to he on the M i <souri ri ver, anywhere
noi th of the thirty-sixth pai allel of north latitude
and within the bosmddi jes of the United States,
and ending at any point or place on the Pacific
coast that might be selected by the contracting
party; the other road to be located on any route
south of the thirty-sixth pai allot of north latitude,
west of the Mississippi, within the United States,
and terminating at any point on the Pacific se-
lected by the contractors. My plan proposed a
similar grant of land to each road of twenty sec-
tions to ilie mile, and a contract with each road
to the extentof^]"2,.r)0f),{)()() in Government bonds
for mail and other Government service, to be ad-
vanced m like proportionate sums, and undersim-
ilar restrictions, limitations, and conditions, as
were imposed in the original hill.
Upon mv amendments, as well as upon the
merits of the whole subject, the necessity and
propwety of a railroad communication between
the Atlantic and Pacific States, and the constitu-
tional power of Congress to afford Government
aid in land and postal contracts, I submitted my
views at some length dming the last session.
Those views wete well niatmed and have under-
gone no change. 1 have no doubt whatever that
Congress has the power, under the Constitution,
to " dispose of the public territory" in this orany
other way deemed to be for the general public
good. It is a subject within the sound discietion
of Congress; and ordinarily, lailroad giants, as
they are called, contribute largely to the public
good. It is true they benefit individuals, those
who own the road<4; Imf it is not an objection to
thrin in my view, if they, at the same time, do not
diminish the value and price of the lands ieserved
by the Government, or less-m the aggregate sum
for which the whole sell. If the Government, by
the operation and elfect of these grants, obtains
as much money for the reserved alternate sections
as the whole would command without the load,
and sells them sooner, and at the same time stim-
ulates their settlement and cultivation, thus in-
oteasing thu population and weabh of the country
and opening tumi of corn merer and travel, 1
cannot, for the life of me, see what objection there
can be to the exercise of this power, regulated
and controlled always Uy a sound discretion, as
to the objects of the grant and the necessity or
propucty and value of the proposed road. Be-
lieving that we have the power to grant the lands,
1 do not doubt the expediency of making the
grant in this case. * If ever there was a necessity
or j-ropiiety in building any railroad, and giving
the aid of the Government to its construction, it
exists, m my opinion, m this very case.
I shall not consume time in enumerating the
reasons for the construction of this roadj they
are so numerous and so very obvious that none
cdn doubt, and may be said to establish an abso-
lute necessity. Nor have I any doubt that Con-
gress may authorize and provide for a contract
with the constructors of this railroad for the trans-
portation of the United States mails, troops, mu-
nitions of war and other Government property,
for a definite period of years, at a certain annual
price, and may undertake to pay the contract
price, either in whole or in part, in advance.
This is also a question of mere expediency, with-
in the constitutional powers of Congress, and
only to be guided and governed by a sound and
proper discretion. If, therefore, by the exercise of
these constitutional powers, $nd within a whole-
some discretion, the construction of this great
work of 'public necessity and usefulness can be
sccured and accomplished, I think the obligation
upon us to exercise the power is imperative.
But sir, whilst I am a warm advocate for the con-
struction of this road, and am ready and willing
to grant Government aid, within the constitutional
bounds, and to a reasonable extent, I am not will-
ing to vote an acrc of land or a dollar of money
towards the construction of a Pacific railroad
which will be so located as to confer all its bene-
fits upon one section of this Union. I made this
objection at the last session, and I stand by it at
this.
Now, sir, I have not a solitary doubt, that
if only one road is provided for and the route is
left open to be selected by the company who
shall undertake it, a northern route will be adopt-
ed, making its immediate connections with the
northern and northwestern roads, and pouring
all its vast travel and freights over those roads
and into the northern States and cities of this
Union. The South may now and then get a strag-
gling passenger, or a box of stray goods, but the
great bulk of all its operations will be turned to-
wards the North; and, sir, I cannot but be sur-
prised that any southern Senator should be will-
ing to vote such a magnificent donation of land
and money to an enterprise fnuu which his sec-
tion is likely to deiive such trifling profits. Will
it bo fsnid, sir, that if the South has the best i onto,
capitalists will build the road on that route? Is it
likely that northern capital will be invested to
construct a southern road? No, sir; not a dollar
will ever be so spent. The political and scctional
piejudices which pervade the northern people
against the South would be sufficient of them-
selves to deter them. How much northern cap-
ital is ever invested in southern enterprises? It is
a notoiious fact, that whilst no northern railroad
ever pays more than six per cent., and many of
them pay less, whilst some pay nothing, there is
scarcely a railroad in all the southern States that
does not pay seven per cent., a large majority of
them yu-ld cightpercent., and many of them even
more. And yet, sir, there is not one dollar of
northern capital m a thousand, yea, probably not
in ten thousand, invested in southern roads.
Northern capitalists shun all southern invest-
ments as if the very touch was pollution. Why,
sir, whilst a northern man, with noithern secu-
rity, can borrow any amount of money in New
York at from four to six per cent, per annum, I
venture to say that even the Senator from South
Carolina, [Air. Hammond,] as wealthy as he is
and as popular as he has lately rendered himself
in the Noith by his Barnwell speech, if he were
to go to New York and ask for a loan of $10,000,
and propose to mortgage his plantation and ne-
groes, worth half a million, as security, hegcould
not gota dollar. Such, sir, is the worthless opin-
ion which northern capitalists have of southern
securities, southern enterprises, and southern in-
vestments. And, sir, do you think that these feel-
ings, these opinions, these prejudice*, would not
operate in the selection and construction of a
Pacific railroad ?
But, sir,-there is even a more powerful cause
than these, which would control the question of
selection and force the road upon anortnern route.
Open this speculation to northern cupidity; put
tins glittering prize of twenty-five milhon acres of
the public land and twenty-five millions of Gov-
ernment money, in the shape of a twenty-five-
years' mail contract, up to competition, and who
can doubt for a moment that it would be clutched
by northern speculators and capitalists? And when
we add to these the countless millions of commer-
cial benefits and moneyed receipts which a Pacific
railroad would bring to the section into which itis
to run; when we look at the vast moneyed interests
already invested m northern and western roads,
and the large number of people concerned in them,
all residing in the North and West—he must be in-
deed blind who could for a moment suppose that a
southern route would be adopted. Do you think,
sir, that the railroad companies of New York,
Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan,
Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota, to say nothing of
the New England States, with all their various,
extended, and ramified interest, their numberless
stockholders and vast moneyed and commercial
connections and relations, would furnish the means
or permit a southern road to be built? No, sir; they
would have unlimited control over the subject, and
would place the road where their own interests
would be most promoted. I am not opposed to a
northern road. I am willing to give the North the
privilege of building one if they choose, and put
them upon the same footing with the South. I am
willing to grant land to a northern road, and give it
the aid of a liberal mail contract; but I insist that
the South shall be put on a perfect equality with
the North. If the North can take the land and the
mail contract, and raise the means to construct a
northern road, let her do it. If the South, with
like advantages, cannot do so, let the South suffer
from tiie failure. All we want is to have an equal
chance. Give us that, and, for one, I shall never
murmur at or envy the North any benefits it may
derive from a Pacific railroad built by its superior
wealth or superior enterprise. But I do object to
and pi otest against any airangement by which the
aid of the Government is to be invoked to con-
struct a work of internal improvement which is
to be so unequal in its operations; which will con-
fer untold benefits and blessings upon one, and
comparatively none upon the other section of the
Union.
Sir, this unequal flow of the Government money
and Government benefits into the great northern
maelstrom has been going on long enough, and
shall not continue longer by any vote of mine. I do
not object to northern prosperity; but 1 insist that,
m the dispensation of Government money and pat-
ronage, every section shall be put on an equality.
Sir, if the statistical tables of Government expend-
itures were consulted, it would appear that more
than three fourths of the money and lands ex-
pended by the Government have been appropri-
ated to the North and West, comprising the free
States of this Union. It is all wrong, sii. If
cither section is to have the advantage, it should
be the weaker one. The North boasts of her su-
penor numerical strength and her great prepon-
derance in wealth, and yet her Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress let no opportunity escape,
but are ever pressing and pushing forward every
Government scheme thatcan add to these elements
of power on the one hand, or weaken them on the
other. Such, sir, have been the workings of the
Federal Government since the formation of the
Federal Union; and such, I apprehend, will be its
workings as long as that Union lasts, or until the
South asserts her equality of rights and benefits
as the condition of remaining in the Union.
And speaking of the Union, sir, I take occasion
to say that there is another reason connected with
it, which makes me object to any bill, the pro-
visions of which will secure the Government aid
in tiie construction of a railroad to the Pacific,
exclusively confined to the northern States. Sir,
1 believe that the time will come whe.n the slave
States will be compelled, in vindication of their
rights, interests, and honor, to separate from the
hee States, and erect an independent Confederacy;
and I am not sure, sir, that the time is not near
at hand when that event will occur. At all events,
I am satisfied that one of two things is inevitable;
either that the slave States must surrender their
peculiar institutions, or separate from the North.
I do not intend, on this occasion, to enter into an
elaborate or prolonged discussion of this propo-
sition. I content myself with expressing my firm
belief, and a brief allusion to the foundation of
that opinion. It is unnecessary to look back to
the commencement of the anti-slavery agitation
in the northern States, and to trace its regular and
rapid growth to its present monstrous proportions.
I remember twenty-five years ago, when pe-
titions were first presented to Congress for the
