1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1825
The committee was then addressed by Messrs.
MILLSON, HOWARD, CURRY, NICHOLS,
KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania, VALLANDIG-
HAM, THAYER, REAGAN, BLISS, BOYCE,
GRANGER,SEWARD,CURTIS, and LEIDY.
[These speeches will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SEWARD moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the Navy appropriation bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. SEWARD, (at
ten o'clock and twenty-three minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 25, 1859.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday; when he was interrupted by
Mr. WADE. I notice among the list of yeas
and nays, the name of the Senator from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Gwin,] with whom I paired off last
evening. I presume it is without his consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will suggest to the Sena-
tor from Ohio, that the proper time to call atten-
tion to any error in the Journal will be after it is
read.
Mr. WADE. I do not know that there isany
error about it, but I suppose there is.
The reading of the Journal was concluded.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to make a remark in re-
gard to the Journal. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] and myself paired off on the ques-
tion of increasing the postages. That was my
understanding, and I believe u was his; at least I
thought so, and I did not vote on that question
at all; but when the subsequent question came up
I voted. I did not know whether the Senator was
here or not. That was my understanding.
Mr. WADE. That was an important matter
■which I wish d to vote upon. I intended, if I had
been here, to have voted to continue the postage
at the present rate, and not to increase it; but to
abolish the franking privilege. Those are the
two points on which I wished to be paired off.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Michigan relative to the
military instruction of the uniformed volunteer
militia of that State; which was referred to the i
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, i
and ordered to be printed. 1
He also presented a joint resolution of the Le- i
gislature of Michigan in favor of the establish- i
ment of a semi-monthly overland mail from St. i
Paul, in Minnesota, to Puget Sound, on the Pa- j
cific coast; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed. !
Mr. IVERSON presented two memorials of
citizens of Georgia, praying an increase of the !
duties on iron; which were ordered to lie on the j
table.
Mr. GWIN presented a petition of citizens of;
the Territory of Arizona, praying that volunteer j
companies of rangers may be raised to protect j
them from the Apache Indians; which was re- |
ferred to the Committee on Territories. i
Mr. KING presented the memorial of Moody, i
Secor, & Co., contractors and lessees of the Um- ;
ted States dry-dock, at Mare Island, in Califor- !
nia, praying to be allowed such compensation as .
Congress may deem just and reasonable; which i
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. ;
PAPERS RECOMMITTED. j
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was |
Ordered, That the petition of Charles C. Walden be rc- !
commuted to the Committee on Naval Atfana. j
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. !
A message from the House of Representatives, !
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the ,
Speaker had signed an enrolled lull (H. R. No. '
443) for the relief of William F. Wagner; and it j
was signed by the Vice President. jj
BILL INTRODUCED. |j
Mr. LANE asked, and by unanimous consent II
obtained* leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. #5) giving construction to an act approved
March 3, 1857, entitled " An act for the relief of
George Chorpenmng, jr.;" which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office arid Post Roads.
CLAIM OF JOHN REEVE.
Mr. KING- submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State communicate to the
Senate all the correspondence and papers in the State De-
partment, relating to the claim of John Reeve, shipbuilder,
a citizen of the United States, against the Sultan or Gov-
ernment of Turkey, if not incompatible with the public
interest.
OCCUPATION OF CANTON.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy communicate
to the Senate the report and letters of Commodore Jamp«t
Armstrong, with regard to the occupation of Canton and
the capture of the Barrier forts in the Canton river by the
United States naval forces, in 1850, and all correspondence
in connection therewith.
ERRONEOUS SALES OF LAND.
Mr. STUART. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate for five minutes to pass a House bill of a
very important character to all our people. It is
simply to authorize the men who have paid money
for land, for which they have got no title, to get
their money again. It will not occupy five min-
utes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 803) to amend an act
entitled u An act authorizing the repayment for
land authorized to be sold by the United States.
It provides that the act of Congress ''author-
izing repayment for lands erroneously sold by
the United States," approved January 12, 1825,
shall be so amended as to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior, upon proof being made to
his satisfaction that any tract of land has been
erroneously sold by the United States, so that
from any cause whatever the sale cannot be con-
firmed, to repay to the purchasers, or to the legal
representatives or assignees of the purchasers, the
money which may have been paid therefor; and
whenever any tract of land has been thus erro-
neously sold and the money paid for it shall have
been invested in any stocks held in trust, orshall
have been paid into the Treasury of the United
States to the credit of any trust fund, it shall be
lawful, by the sale of such portion of the stocks
as may be necessary for that purpose, or out of
the trust fund, for repayment of the purchase
money to be made to tlie parlies entitled to it.
Mr. KING. I would inquire of the Senator
from Michigan, what special provision there is in
the bill in regard to a trust fund ?
Mr. STUART. The provision is this: where
the lands sold are lands that belonged to a trust
fund, and the title cannot be given and the money
has been paid, then that (rust fund shall refund
the money. That is the effect of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
RED RIVER RAFT.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce, to
whom was referred a resolution instructing them
to inquire into the expediency of giving the assent
of Congress to certain acts of the Legislatures of
the States of Louisiana and Arkansas, in relation
to cleaning out the Red river, or rather for re-
moving the Red nver raft, have instructed me to
report a joint resolution, and to ask that the Sen-
ate consider it at this time. I think, when the
resolution i* read, it cannot create any opposition
whatever, if any explanation is necessary, I will
give it; but I trust the Senate will act on it, be-
cause these Legislatures have incorporated a com-
pany which proposes to go to work immediately
to remove that raft. 1 hope the Senate will con-
sider it at this time.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 84) giving the assent of Congress to cer-
tain acts passed by the Legislatures of the States
of Louisiana and Arkansas, in relation to the raft
of Red river, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It gives the assent of Congress
to the act of the Legislature of Louisiana, ap-
proved March 18,1858," to incorporate the Lou-
isiana, Arkansas, and Texas Navigation Com-
pany," and an act of the Legislature of Arkansas,
approved January 28,1859, entitled " An act ap-
proving of the act of the General Assembly of
Louisiana, incorporating the Louisiana, Arkan-
sas, and Texas Navigation Company," which acts
have for their meaning the improvement of the
navigation of the Red river, by the removal of
the raft therefrom. As soon as the Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Texas Navigation Company shall
have removed the obstructions to navigation in
the Red river caused by the raft, and rendered it
navigable, and not before, the assent of Congress
is given that those three States may, through that
company, under and in accordance with, and in
the mode provided by, the charter for the benefit
of the company, and to reimburse to them their
expenditures in removing the raft, to levy and col-
lect, by way of commutation for duties, tonnage-
tolls on all boats or other water craft ascending
or descending the river, or passing through the
portion rendered navigable, not to exeeed fifty
cents for each bale of cotton, and twenty-five cents
on abarrel of goods, wares, or merchandise where-
with the boats are loaded; and this privilegeis to
continue for thirty years from 1858.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and ]
CONSTRUCTION OF PENSION LAWS.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up the res-
olution of the House No. 36.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 object. It is a pension
law.
Mr. WADE. I believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Senator from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WADE. 1 move to postpone all other
business and all other orders in order to take up
this resolution.
Mr CLAY. I hope that motion will not pre-
vail. It will take eleven or twelve hundred thou-
sand dollars out of the Treasury if it prevails.
Mr. WADE. It is a resolution which has in-
volved general debate here, from time to time,so
long that I suppose every Senator understands
precisely what it is, or will know when I state
the subject-matter. It is in reference to the con-
struction of the law of 1853, construing that law
as to the time when the pensions under it take
effect. It has already been decided by the Court
of Claims in several instances, and it has been
decided by committees of the House and of com-
mittees of this branch, and has now passed the
House. Those interested in the construction of
this law, in my judgment,are entitled to the sense
of the Senate upon it. They are entitled to know
whether they are to receive any relief or not.
They have battled this matter through the courts,
and have been at great expense to decide the
principle; and it is now right, it seems to me,
that we should act upon the matter.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will pardon me,
the Senate has already expressed its sense against
the resolution by a very decided vote on the case
of Jane Smith, in which the principle was in-
volved. After having argued an hour or two, the
Senate, by two to one, voted it down.
Mr. WADE. I think the Senate voted that bill
down for another reason. This question has never
been directly before the Senate, that I know of,
and there is another reason why it could not be.
When it came up in a bill for the relief of a par-
ticular person, many Senators, 1 know, would go
against it, because it involved a general principle
which should be settled for all cases, and not un-
dertake to settle it m each particular case as it
comes up. This resolution settles the whole ques-
tion. I will state here, for the information of all
those who supposeitinvolvesany great sum, that
I suppose itdoes not. Although there were many
persons who would be entitled under it, at the
time it was passed, that number has been very
much diminished since.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to post-
pone all pending and prior orders and take up the
resolution indicated by him. That is the question
now pending. The Chair will state further, that
at this stage of the session, on the question of
