244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
The election of a northern President, upon a
sectional and anti-slavery issue, will be consid-
ered cause enough to justify secession. Let the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] or any
other man avowing the sentiments and policy
enunciated by him in his Rochester speech, be
elected President of the United States, and, in my
opinion, there are more than one of the southern
States that yould take immediate st'eps towards
separation. And, sir, I am free to declare here,
in the Senate, that whenever such an event shall
occur, for one, I shall be for disunion, and shall,
if alive, exertall the powers I may have in urging
upon the people of my State the necessity and
propriety of an immediate separation. 1 know,
sir, that disunion is considered by many as an
impossible thing1; many think so at the South,
and all the northern people feel assured that the
South can never be driven out of the Union, no
matter what may be the agressions upon their
constitutional rights. I trust and believe, sir, that
they will find themselves mistaken, whenever a
proper occasion occurs.
Sir, it is not so difficult a matter to dissolve this
Union as many believe. Let the Republican party
of the North obtain possession of the Go\em-
ment, and pass a Wilmot proviso; or abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia; or repeal the
fugitive slave law; or reform the Supremo Court,
and annul the Dred Scottdecision; oi do any other
act infringing: upon the rights, impairing: t he equal-
ity, or wounding the honorof the slave States; or
let them elect a President upon the avowed de-
claration and principle that freedom and slavery
cannot exist together in the Union, and that one
or the other must give way, and be sacwficed to
theother, and the Union would be dissolved in six
months. I do not believe, however, that such a
result could or would bo brought about by a gen-
eral convention of al! the slave States; it is doubt-
ful whether all of them could be got into conven-
tion for any cause, and if they could, it is still
more doubtful whether they could be harmonized
and made to move together toward such a mo-
mentous end. But, sir, let a single State move
upon the happening of any of these contingencies;
let her swing out of the Union, and she w ould of
necessity, very soon drag evety other slave State
out with her or after her.
Whenever any one of the southern States shall
secede in vindication of her rights and honor, to
protect her peculiar institution fiomthe ruthless
assaults of an anti-slavery majority in Congress,
and an attempt be made to force her back into the
Union, or enforce the decrees of an at binary and
unfnendly Government, her sutrounding sister
States, sympathizing with her in her bold and
manly struggle for liberty and the right, would
not hesitate for a moment to come to her relief,
.and join her in the assertion of an honorable in-
d"!>ehd<'nee, and the formation of another and
belter Union. Such n movement would neces-
sarily result either in the formation of a confed-
eracy of all (he slave States, or to amendments
of the present Constitution, placing their rights
and equality upon a firmer and belter basis than
at present, as the condition upon which the seced-
ing Stale or Stales would reunite with herlormer
> a. To attempt, to force a srmlnig Statu back
into i be Union, with the  ui t ou tiding Stales sym-
pathizing with the feelings and causes which im-
ps lb d h« r to secede, and liitriested m all that
eo i )''oi n ed her honor, her lights, and her inde-
pendence. would be the veriest, act of folly and
madness winch ever influenced or controlled a
weak or wicked Government. No, sir; the ties
of this Union once broken, and there would be
but one basis on which they could ever be le-
tormed—conception from the S\*orth; & canity for
the South.
And, sir, it is because I believe that separation
is not far distant; iecausc the signs of the times
point too plainly to the eatly triumph of the Ab-
oiitio'M.-u, and their complete possession and con-
tioi of ev! ry department of the Federal Govern-
m« nt; and because I fnmJy believe that when such
:<n i lent occurs the Union will be dissolved, that
' .in im willing to vote so much land and so much
i •,)>!-'y as  !ns bill proposes, to build a railroad
to t.je Pacific, which, m myjudgrnpnt, will be
d outMde of a. southern confederacy, and
v/ili belong exclusively to the Not lb. Sir, the
public lands now held by the United States, as
well as the pubhe Treasury, arc the joint property
of all the States and the people of this Union.
They belong to the South as well as the North;
we are entitled, m the Union, to our just and equal
share, and if the Union is divided, then we are no
less entitled to a fair proportion of the common
fund.
What I demand, therefore, is, that the South
shall be put upon an equality with the North,
whether the Union lasts or not; that in appropri-
ating the public lands and money,the jointprop-
crty of all, in connecting: the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans by railroad, the South shall have an equal
chance to securc a road within her borders, to
inure to her benefit whilst the Union lasts, and to
belong to her when—if ever—that Union is dis-
solved. I am not willing to intrust this matter to
contingencies. I am not willing to trust the selec-
tion of the route for a single Pacific railroad to in-
fluences which, as certain as fate itself, will con-
trol its construction on a noithcrn route, and
exclude the southern section of the Union from
its vast and numerous benefits. 1 have no desire
to deprive the North of a road; I am willing to
grant her the same amount of Government aid
that I claim for the South. I believe that with
twenty sections of land and $10,000 to the mile,
in Government bonds, a railroad can be built, by
additional private enterprise, over either the thir-
ty-second or thirty-fifth parallels of north lati-
tude If one can be constructed over a more
j northern route with the same amount of Govern-
ment aid, let them have it. If both sections are
! j placed upon an equality, and either fails, the fault,
or the misfortune, will be hers. Neithcrwill have
h cause of complaint.
Now, sir, for the purpose of accomplishing my
object, I move that this bill be lecommitted to the
special committee who had charge of the subjeet
at the last session, with instructions to bring in a
bill providing for the construction of a railroad on
each of two routes to the Pacific ocean.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question before the Senate is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. Is not my motion to recom-
mit the bill first in onh-i '
The PUESi DING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Georgia is not now in order, the
yeas and nays having been ordered by the Senate
on the pending amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. It will be in order, then, as
soon as that question is decided. I "ive notice of
my mteiftion to move it, and to call for the yeas
and nays on the proposition.
Mr. LIARLAN. Letthc pending amendment
be read.
The Secretary read Mr. Wilson's amendment;
which is to su ike out, in the ninth and tenth lines
of the first section, the words: k( the most eligible
route, reference being had to feasibility, short-
ness, and economy," and insert: " the shortest
pi;ietieable route between the parallels of latitude
31° and 43°;" so that the section will read:
XV u ennitfih^'c , That the l'i evident of the United State-*
he, and he is hen-hy, auihon/ert and dneeu'd 10 enter into
a contract for the naiepouanon of die maih, tn>o|w, sea-
men. munitions of wai, Aimy and Nuvv supplu1*, and all
oihi i Government semec, l>%\ jailroad, lioin a point on die
Mi-.>oun uvei, between the mouths ni'the Bm Sioux and
K.m-a-* 11v< i^. to [-an l'lanei-co, m the State oi {'al-toi tea,
on (lie <lioite^t [eneiicablc route between the paulie!.- of
latitude 31° and lo°.
Mr. SHIELDS. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that the vote ts to be taken on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts?
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. That is the
pending question, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered,
Mr. HARLAN. Would an amendment to the
amendment be now in ord -i ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would be.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move, then , to strike out of
the amendment " thirty-four" and insert " thirty-
seven."
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to make afewremarks
on this bill and the amendments, but it is quite
late.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. SHIELDS. I believe I will go on. [{t Let
us adjourn!"] I do not want to make a set
speech.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas.
the Senator that it would be as well to adjourn.
If he will allow me, I will make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not understand the Senator from Minnesota
as yet yielding the floor with a view to a motion
to adjourn. Does the Senator yield the floor for
that purpose ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the consent of the
Senate, for a few minutes, to permit me to call up.
the bill providing for a passenger railway along
Pennsylvania avenue. [" No !" 44 No !"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January G, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. C. C. Meador.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL LEWIS S. CRAIG.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to provide for the set-
tlement of the accounts of the late Lieutenant Col-
onel Lewis S. Craig,for Ins services in command
of the military escort in the Mexican boundary
commission; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Ailaiis.
RAILROAD IN KANSAS AND NEBRASKA.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to introduce
a bill granting lands to the Temtoues of Kansas
and Nebraska to aid in constructing a railroad m
said Territories, for reference only.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I object.
COLoNA.
Mr. COLFAX, i ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which pre-
vious notice has been given, for the organization
of the Territory of Colona.
There was no objection; and the bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. COLFAX. As members desire to exam-
ine for themselves the boundaries of the proposed
Territory, I move that the hill be printed, in order
that they may havo it before them.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. J. 13. Hen-
ry, his Private Secretary.
ANN L. RODGEUS.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims, by unanimous consent, icported back
Senate bill (No. 340) for the relief of Ann L. Rod-
gers, with the recommendation that it do not pass;
which was laid upon the table, and the report
ordered to be printed.
TOWNSEND HARRIS AND II. C. J- IIERSICIN.
Mr. HOPKINS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following joint resolutions; winch were
read a first and second time, and refened to the
Committee on For< igo Affairs:
A resolution authorizing Townsend Harris,
United States Consul General at Japan, and H.
C. J. Herskm, his interpreter, respectively to ac-
cept presents from the Ctueen of England; and
A resolution authorizing payment of salaries to
ministf i s resident to the Argentine Confederation,
Costa Rica, and Honduras.
CODIFICATION OF THE REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker, I
move that the Houjii resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the "Whole on the state of the Umon,to
take up the special order, which is bill (No. 4b7)
for the codification of the revenue laws of the
United States, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Commit tee nt t he
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mi. S^jth,
of Tennessee, in the chair,) and proceeded to con-
sider the special order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Chairman,
this is a voluminous bill, occupying, as it does,
