1326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
precedence of bills, the Chair feels bound to en-
force the rules, and limit debate strictly to the
question, which does not involve the merits of the
question proposed to be taken up.
Mr. WADE. I am not going to say anything
about its merits. Every Senator has made up his
mind whether it has merits or not; but I wish to
say to the friends of this resolution, to those who
believe that it is right, that now is the time to act
upon it. Let us take it up and have a vote upon
it, and not give it the go-by.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to take up the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senate will not take
up this resolution. We have now a great many
most important public matters to act upon. We
had a general discussion on this subject at the last
session of Congress, and there was a decided ex-
pression of the Senate against it. Parties have
come here at this session with a decision of the
Court of Claims in their favor. It was deliber-
ately considered; and I then objected to it, and
said that it had been determined at the previous
session. The Senator from Ohio said, no; that it
was not determined beforu; that there was some-
thing else in it; but, upon a bill involving the iden-
tical principle of this class of cases, which was
considered on a private bill day, this Senate de-
liberately, and upon argument, decided against
it. Therefore, I hope we shall not now, within
the last five or six days of the session, have this
question of bounties thrust upon the legislative
body.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from Georgia
will allow me, I wish to add another fact. Some
two or three years ago, upon the motion of the
Senatoi from Ohio, [:Vh\ Wade,] to add an ap-
propriation to the general appropriation bill, to
meet this decision, after a very elaborate discus-
sion, and on the yeas and nays, the Senate re-
jected it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. ('LAY. It has been three times rejected.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 22, nays 27; as "follows:
VRAS— Messrs. Chandler, Claik, Coilamet,T)ixon, l)oo-
little, Dmkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Fo?ter, Gwin. Hale,
Hamlin. Harlan, Kennedy, I'olk, Rice, Sewatd, tfuuinon**,
Smith, Tiundmll, and Wade—-2-2
NAYrf—AJe-^i**. Allen, Benjamin, Hitler, iirudeilek,
Brown, (Jhr.Miut, ("la> , C'Iihuijmii, l)avi-, [•'lUpatnek.Gn'on,
Hammond. Hunter, I vcmiii, Johnson of Ten new*1, Jour-,
Mnjloiw .'Mason, Pearee, 1'njjh, Keid, Shields, SluJell, Stu-
art, Toombs, W;ud, and Yulee—21.
So the Senate refused to take up the joint res-
olution.
KENNEDY O'BRIEN.
Mr. PUGII. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate. to take up the bill granting an invalid pension
to a soldier of the Mexican war. It is for a poor
fellow who is blind, it is a House bill, and only
allows him eight dollars a month.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. II. No, 457) for the relief of
Ivemiedy O'Hilen.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Kennedy O'Hrien on the list of in-
valid pensioners, and pay him a pension, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, from the 1st of
Januai y, 1854.
Mr. PUGil. Let the Secretary read the report
in the case.
The Secietary read it; and it appeared that he
served in the late war with Mexico, having vol-
unteered two different times; that while in the
line of his duty lie contracted a chronic diatrhea,
from the effects of which he bccame blind.
Mr. FITCH. In what position is that bill be-
fore the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and open to amendment.
Mr. FITCH. I think we had better reject it.
This idea of contracting" blindness from chronic
diarrhea is something new.
Mr. DAYIS. 1 hope the bill will be passed.
The biii was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading", read the
third time, and passed.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now ask the Senate to
take up the bill called the homestead biil, which
has passed the House of Representatives. I make
a motion to that effect.
Mr. SLIDELL. The hour of twelve o'clock
has arrived.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin yield the floor to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not yield the floor.
I move to postpone all pending and prior orders,
for the purpose of taking up the homestead bill;
and on that question I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. YULEE. We adjourned last night with
an understanding upon all hands that we would
take a vote without debate this morning, upon
the bill which was under consideration yesterday.
I hope it will be agreeable to gentlemen on the
other side to redeem that understanding. We ad-
journed pending a call of the yeas and nays, and
only for want of a quorum; and the expectation
was, that immediately on the arrival of twelve
o'clock, we would complete that vote without de-
bate; and I hope it will be done.
Mr. JONES. I rise to a question of order.
The Chair just now stated that debate should be
upon the motion before the Senate, and not in
reference to the subject. The question is the
motion of theSenatorfiom Wisconsin; andlhope
the Senate will proceed to vote upon that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
agreeably to the rules, arrests all debate for the
purpose of stating that the hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived, the pending business upon the
adjournment of the Senate yesterday is now be-
fore the Senate, and that is upon the final passage
of the bill establishing post routes in the United
States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Having the floor, Mr.
President, and understanding what occurred last
evening, I have no objection to yield it for the
purpose of allowing the vote to be taken upon
the bill which was pending at the hour of adjourn-
ment; but I wish lo reserve the right to the floor.
When that vote shall have been taken, and that bill
been disposed of, 1 propose to move what I have
now indicated, not with a view of entering upon
the discussion of that question, but simply to
come to a vote upon it. It has been discussed
for fifteen yrais.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state, at the present time there can be no reser-
vation of the right of any member to the floor
after the pending- business is disposed of. That
will depend upon (he person entitled to the floor,
or who is seen by the Chair at the time. The
question now is on the passage of the post route
bill, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to suite that this bill con-
tains a very offensive clause, intended to break
down the post office service in the agricultural
portion of the State of California. I am in favor
of all the provisions of the hill with that excep-
tion. I will not vote upon it.
Mr. STUART. I beg to be indulged in saying-
a word. Under the instructions fiom the Legis-
lature of Michigan, I voted against increasing the
postage. That matter, however, being disposed
of, and there being so many provisions in this
bill which meet my judgment, I wish to record
my vote in favor of the bill upon its passage.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Mor-^rs. Allen, Hell, Renjaimn, Brodcrick,
Brown, Chesnut, Clay, Clmgnun, l>avis, l-'itch, Fitzpat-
nek, (Jiocn, Hammond, Hunter, Ivetson, Johnson ot Ten-
m^sce, Jones, Malloiy, M«i*>on, Peaiou, I'olk, Reid, Rice,
Sebastian, Slnulris, Shdell, Smart. Toombs, Ward, and
Yulee—30.
IVAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Cameron, Chandler, Clark. Col-
lamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Dmkee, Fr^eruler^Foot,
Fo-ncj. Hale, Handm,llaiIan, Kennedv, Kuijj,Lan % Pugh,
Seward, Simmons, Smith, Trumbull, \Vade,aud Wright—
03.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. YULEE. I move to amend the title, by
adding the words " And for other purposes."
The motion was agreed to; mid the title "vvas so
amended.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
call up the spccial order at this hour.
Mr. SLIDELL. ' I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 497) for the acqui-
sition of the Island of Cuba by negotiation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps I cannot make
a claim that 1 have a right to the floor, although
I yielded the floor upon a prior motion which I
had made, which was to postpone all previous
orders with a view to taking up the homestead
bill. I rose instantly, as I supposed, upon the
announeement of, the passage of the bill, and
others rose at the same time. The Chair did not
know anything of what occurred in the Senate
previously, and I was not recognized. 1 desire
that the Senate should take up the homestead
bill, not with a view of delaying the Senate. It
has been a question which has been discussed for
fifteen years, upon which the judgment of every
Senator present is formed, and upon which I de-
sire now a direct vote; and therefore I hope the
Senate will take up the homestead bill, and not
take up this other bill, which must necessarily
lead to a very long discussion.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will say that there is a very
general understanding on the part of Senators on
this side of the House, and some on the other,
who are in favor of the bill for the acquisition of
Cuba, that this discussion shall be continued un-
til final action is had upon the bill. I state this
now, that gentlemen may not plead surprise. I
will venture, at the same time, to express the hope
that all those who desire the passage of the bill
will remain at their posts until some final action
can be had.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The announcement made
by the honorable Senator from Louisiana is enough
to apprise the friends of the homestead bill that
if we do not take it up and vote upon it now, we
shall have no opportunity to vote upon it during
this session; for 1 understood him distinctly to
announce, that when the discussion of the Cuba
bill is commenced, it must be continued until it
is concluded. I think it would be better to take
up this question of the homestead bill and vote
upon it, and then the Cuba question will come up.
I ask the friends of the homestead bill now to
stand by it, and give it the preference. We do
not seek to antagonize it as against the appropri-
ation bills at tliia hour of the session. We could
not expect, or hope especially, of the friends of
this homestead bill, who act with the majority of
the Senate, that they would prefer taking up the
homestead bill, and come in antagonism with the
appropriation bills, because they are necessary;
but, as between this proposition to take up the
Cuba bill and the proposition to take up the
homestead bill, I call upon all friends of the home-
stead bill on this and the other side of the Cham-
ber, to stand by it. Now is the time, or never.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to post-
pone the special order, to take up the Cuba bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Is the ques-
tion susceptible of division? For instance: can-
not the motion be divided, so that if all prior
orders be postponed, then it shall be in the dis-
cretion of the Senate what proposition they shall
take up ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the. Senator's motion substantially is to
postpone all prior orders for the purpose of taking
up the bill indicated by him; and, if that motion
prevails, that bill will be before the Senate, and
will require a motion to postpone it.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to ask whether
another motion is necessary to take up the Cuba
bill after the postponement of all prior orders, or
whether it comes up as part of this motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be the busi-
ness in order, and the Chair will call it up. There
will be no business anterior to it. The motion
is to postpone all prior orders until we reach it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 24; as follows:
—Messrs. Allen, B.iyard, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler,
Brown, Ciiesnut, Ciav, Chnginan, jDavis, Fitch, Fitzpat-
rick, Green, Cwm, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Iveison,
Jones, L;me, Mallory, Ma^on. Polk, Pugll, Reid, Rice. Se-
bastian, Shield.*. Slnlell, Snmh, Stuart, TomnbH, Ward,
Wt and Yulee—
NAYS—.Messrs. Brodenek, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Jlouglas, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Kennedy, Kill", I'earee, Seward, Simmons, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—21.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee ©f the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 497) making appropria-
