1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1327
tion to facilitate fhe acquisition of the Island of
Cuba, by negotiation.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to submit an amend-
ment which I shall propose to this bill; and I ask
that it be read, and printed.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
which is to substitute for the bill, the following:
Whereas reciprocal commercial intercourse among na-
tions promotes mutual prosperity, and is the surest guaran-
tee of permanent peace; and whereas it is not the policy
of the United States to despoil any nation of her posses-
sions, however rich or valuable, but to cultivate with all
nations the most friendly and unrestricted commercial re-
lations ; and whereas the restrictive policy adopted by Spam
against the trade and commerce of the United States with
the Island of Cuba, forcing the adoption of a similar policy
by the United States towards herself, impairs the benefits
which would otherwise result to both nations from recipro-
cal trade and ooinmeicc between the United States and
Cuba; and whereas treaty negotiation for the removal of
all iltibeial and unjust restrictions upon trade and commer-
cial intercourse between this country and the Island of
Cuba and every nation upon tins continent, is most desira-
ble: Therefore,
Be it enacted, ^'c., That the President of the United States
be authorized and requested to open negotiations with
Spain, and nations south of us upon thw continent for the
removal of all illiberal and oneious restrictions upon trade
and commerce between them and their dependencies and
the United States, and to defray any necessary expenses
incurred m such negotiations, the sum of .$50,000 is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, when I had
the honor of last addressing the Senate on this
bill, I took the broad ground which has been as-
sumed by every statesman of our country who
has ever had this question under consideration,
that the Island of Cuba is essential to the general
welfare of the United States, and to its military
defenses. I endeavored to show its remarkable
geographical position in a^strategic military point
of view. I further endeavored to show why it was
that the statesmen of our country, from Mr. Jef-
ferson to the present day, including all complex-
ions of political parties—Whigs as well as Dem-
ocrats—have uniformly used the language that
the United States would not seek to disturb Spain
in the possession of the island. It was when Spain
was comparatively, as compared with the rest of
the Powers of Europe, a strong nation, and we
were relatively weak. It was said with the un-
derstanding that Spain could maintain her status
in Cuba, and would govern it in such a manner
as to be compatible with our interests. Who
supposes, for a moment, that any of these lead-
ing men, most especially Mr. Calhoun, would
have used such language, if the alternative of the
Africanization of Cuba had been submitted to
him? If it had been seen, in 1845, that Spain
was taking measures to turn the slave population
of Cuba free, and to reduce it to the condition of
Jamaica or San Domingo, does any man suppose
that Mr. Calhoun would not have been ill favor
of adopting immediate measures for the acquisi-
tion of Cuba, if necessary in the manner he pointed
out, by the alternative of arms? Yes, sir; he
would have felt then,as many of us do now, that
it is our duty, openly and in the face of the world,
to take Cuba, and talk about it afterwards.
In this connection,also, I endeavored to show
the weakness of Spain, and herinability to main-
tain her neutrality in the event of any difficulty
between her and any of the European Powers,
and I will do it more fully to-day. It is manifest
that in a war between ourselves and Great Britain
or France, it would be impossible for Spain to
pretend to neutrality; or if she did, she would
liave but to open her ports to both belligerents
alike, and to offer the same facilities to ourselves
and to our enemy, to insure to the enemy the
greatest possible advantages, and to us the great-
est possible detriment; and if it did not, experi-
ence has taught us that Britain, as an enemy, has
never regarded the rights of neutrals. In our own
brief naval career in the last war, we saw that
at Valparaiso she attacked our fleet while lying
under the guns of a neutral port, and she did the
same at Fayal; and if we wanted further as-
surance, we might take her conduct at Copen-
hagen. it is fallacious to proceed on the ground
that we can recognize longer a continuation of
Spain's authority "over Cuba, on the presumption
limn she can, if she would, govern it in a manner
compatible with our interests in the event of dif-
ficulty. In the event of war, she could not so
govern it; and in peace, as we are now, she is so
governing it as to show the very worst possible
aspect to our interests.
I will now briefly review our commercial rela- ]
tions with Cuba, so far as they bear upon the
question of annexation; for I hold that if we had
in this respect pursued a wise policy, the acqui-
sition of this island would have been an easy
matter to-day.
But if our worst enemies had-devised some cun-
ning scheme for alienating the Cubans and driv-
ing their trade from our ports, they could not
have performed the task better than we have done
it for ourselves.
As Cuba's nearest neighbors, and as the cheap-
est producers of all the staples of life, we ought
naturally to engross a very large share of her
trade; and such would be the natural result, did
we permit Cuban vessels to purchase in our ports.
But I will undertake to say that if our ports,
from Maine to Texas, were examined to-day,
you would find no Spanish vessel in them bound
to Cuba; and I remember that the last time, some
four years ago, I examined this subject, our ex-
ports to Cuba, in Spanish bottoms, amounted to
$12,000, while those from Great Britain reached
nearly three million dollars. Cuba sells to the
United States double the value of what she re-
ceives in products; but under no wise system
could this possibly exist. For example: if our
imports from Cuba this year shall be §15,000,000,
our exports in value will be $7,500,000, leaving
us her debtor $7,500,000; a debt which we do not
pay directly to Cuba, but which we pay, through
exchange on England and Prance, to Spain, to
equalize her balance against Cuba. Cuba sells
to England, either directly or through " Cowes
and a market," as much as she receives, and the
commerce between them is about equal. Spain
takes |3,600,000 of Cuban products, and she sells
to Cuba $9,000,000, or nearly three times as much;
but of this $3,600,000 much is not consumed in
Spain,but m the ports of the Levantand the Adri-
atic, going first to Cadiz and Barcelona. France
sells to Cuba $2)500,000, and Cuba sells to France
$2,000,000; or, if the value of Cuban produce
which goes through Spain into France be consid-
ered, their trade is about equal. Under the Amer-
ican flag, Cuba would receive from us sixteen
twentieths of all the articles she now imports
from France and England; and to illustrate the
change which her incorporation into the Ameri-
can Union would work, let us look alone at the
article of flour.
Cuba consumes three hundred thousand barrels
of flour per annum, only nine thousand of which
are American; and I estimate her population at
one million six hundred thousand, a grade higher
than it has been placed on this floor. I have
reason to believe this to be correct. On Spanish
flour the duty is $2 50 per barrel, and on Ameri-
can it is $10 81 per barrel, a discrimination of
$8 31, or more than the first cost of the article,
against us; and the consequence of this enormous
: protection to Spanish flour has been to confine
i its use mainly to the wealthy classes. Were
flour admitted free, they would consume three
fourths of a barrel, each, per annum, or one mil-
lion two hundred thousand barrels of American
flour, which would sell in Cuba, at $5 per barrel,
for $6,000,000, instead of the $45,000 of flour we
now sell them. Lying, as Cuba does, at the very
doors of the flour and rice market, these articles
would be carried there in the small Spanish ves-
sels, which would make short voyages and sup-
ply the market, upon a sudden demand, at all the
ports of Cuba.
When the independence of her American colo-
nies was acknowledged by Spain, and privateer-
ing under the Colombian and Mexican flags
ceased, Spam had not a ton of commercial ship-
ping upon the ocean. Her naval power was in-
significant, and she at once adopted a policy to
create a school for seamen, and to build up her
navy; and her first measure was to discriminate,
in levying duties upon ships and merchandise,
in favor of her own vessels, against those of all
the world. .
Mr. Van Ness, being then our Misister at the
Court of Madrid, was directed to remonstrate
against this system. Spain refused to recede,
and, upon the petition of certain shipping inter-
ests, Congress adopted the suicidal policy of
retaliatory measures—measures which struck a
heavy blow at the agricultural and commercial
interests of the country.
With the view of coercing Spain into the aban-
donment of her policy, we passed the two acts of
1832 and 1834, levying discriminating duties on
Spanish vessels; and these acts, directed against
the trade of Cuba and Porto Rico, have the foU
lowing effect:
A Spanish vessel takes on board, at New York,
or any other American port, a thousand barrel^
of flour, and goes to the custom-house to clear.
If she be destined to any other place in the world
than Cuba or Porto Rico, she is compelled to giv£
a bond in double the value of vessel and cargo,
that no part of it shall be landed at either of those
islands. Here, at once, is a discrimination fndt
designed by the law) which effectually throws the
Spanish vessel out of the freighting business, for
a commission has to be paid to the merchant for
giving the bond; and from this vexatious expense
uli other flags are free.
But if the vessel be destined for Cuba or Porto
Rico, then the collector demands the payment of
a sum of money equal to the discriminating duty
chargeable in Cuba upon the same cargo, as be-
tween a Spanish and an American vessel.
If, for example, this cargo of flour, landed in
Cuba from a Spanish vessel, would pay seven
dollars per barrel duty, and from an American
ten dollars, then upon every barrel at New York
the collector would charge the Spanish vessel
three dollars, and call this a tonnage duty.
A more restrictive measure, or one better cal-
culated to legislate Cuban trade from us, could not
have been devised; and this explains the enorm-
ous balance of trade against us.
No nation but ourselves pursued this course*,
and England and France have largely increased
their Cuban trade in consequence.
To show how this has been regarded by the
Cubans, I will request the Clerk to read the fol-
lowing portion of the report upon the trade of
Cuba, made to the Captain General in 1844, and
I which 1 have translated for the purpose:
I " To show the injustice of the measure, [alluding to tho
act of 1834.] let us compare the imports of the two coun-
tries, [Cuba and the United States.] Our vessels coming
from the United States pay, on the value of their cargoes,
fioin seventeen and one fourth to twenty-one and one fourth
per cent.; and those of the Americans with same caigoes,
from twenty-four and one fourth to thirty and one fourth
per cent.; the difference between the two is from seven to
nine per cent, giving a mean diffeience of eight per cent.5'
—Page 283.
tc The Government of the United States has the indispu-
table right to exercise equal discrimination upon our vessels
to piotect theirs and the products of their country, as have
ail other nations; but has it done so by the enactment of
this Jaw? No! May it plea&e your Excellency, the Amer-
ican Governmenthas said that, in addition to the contribu-
tions common to other vessels, those of Spain engaged in
the trade of Cuba and Porto Rico shall pay an additional
duty equal to the difference imposed on these islands be-
tween national and American vessels; that is to say, if
foreign vessels pay in the United States twenty per cent,
more than Amencan vessels, those of the islands mu«t pay
a differential duty of twenty-eight per cent., a duty winch
augments just m proportion as we decrease the burdens im-
posed on our vessel, though we do not increase those or
the Amei ican vessels —Pages 283, 284.
" In other words, mavit please your Excellency, it is
equivalent to the declaration ofthe American Government to
that of his Mniesty : In vain you think to protect your ship-
ping, even at the cost of their public revenue ; becausejust
so much as you lighten your burdens upon it, just so much
will we augment ours upon it! Such a violation of the rights
of nations can hardly be conceived on the part of a great
and liberal Government, and still less that it should be tol-
erated by Spain."—Ibid.
« This violation is more flagrant and manifest as it re-
spects exportation? As to imponations it is very well to
levy equal (not different) duties upon cargoes imported into
both nations reciprocally, because the productions of the
country thus have protection ; but with inspect to importa-
tions. what motive can the Government ofthe United btates
have to levy this differential duty if it be not Uieejffrnctifln
of our shipping, even at the cost of her own productions. —-
"Thus, then, if to morrow our Government shall deem
it light to make a sacrifice of all parts of the imposts upon
our maiine which it now pays, have strangers fhe right to
receive the same in their poits? Evidently no. your Excel-
lency! All they can rightfully do is to initiate the Govern-
ment of Spain, and to protect their marine at the cost ofthe
dame sacritice. But to augment the duties on our vessels
in proportion as we decrease them, when we do not increase
those upon Amencan vessels, and to convert tins saenfioG
made by the Spanish Government into a means tor its de-
struction, is what has never been pretended to by any other
nation, and cannot be tolerated by Spam withoutdssgrace."
No complaint was ever more just and, so far
as we have gone, we have recognized its justice.
Two commitees of this body and two Secretaries
of the Treasury, Mr. Walker and Mr. Corwin,
have recommended the repeal of these laws in
elaborate reports. . . ,
I alluded, the other day, to Great Britain s in-
terference with Cuban affairs. Amongst other
