1328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
pretenses for her interference, she sets up her
right to suppress its African slave trade, and this
brings me to the consideration of this branch of
the subject, and 1 shall dispose of it briefly.
1 am indisposed, Mr. President, to connect in
any manner the question of slavery with our Cu-
ban policy; for they have never been in any man-
ner connected by any of the leading: statesmen of
our country who have advocated the acquisition
of Cuba.
We have discussed this question of domestic
slavery for twenty years, and the results have
been sectional divisions and alienations where a
common interest demanded union.
It fcas certainly not advanced the interests of
the negro race in the way in which the false phi-
lanthropy of its false friends desired; for it has
not freed a single slave; but it has proved, be-
yond all question, that the condition of the negro
slave in the United States is preeminently supe-
rior to that of the free negro in any part of the
earth, and that the negro's greatest happiness and
greatest usefulness are best secured under our sys-
tem of domestic servitude.
Inasmuch as 1 am prepared to show, as an in-
ducement to some gentlemen to vote with us on
this measure, that the African slave trade in Cuba
would cease with the transfer of the island to the
United States, I will briefly state how it is at
present conducted.
It will be remembered that Spain relinquished,
by the treaty of 1817, all right to engage in the
African slave trade, and received from Great Brit-
ain $2,000,000 mainly for this concession. The
trade, however, did not in the least abate. In
1835, Britain forced Spain to make another tteaty,
whose provisions were more stringent, and by
the instructions under which, it was supposed,
the trade would be broken up; but still it con-
tinues, though upon a more limited scale, while
the " horrois of the middle passage" have been
greatly augmented by the increased risks of cap-
ture.
The manner in which this trade is conducted,
though more or leas a mystery to the world, may
be readily understood, and it may be briefly stated
thus:
Under the instructions of the Spanish Govern-
ment, issued with the apparent design to prevent
the trade, slaves on the Island of Cuba are regis-
tered, and to their owners are issued what are
called in Spanish cedillas—which may be trans-
lated permits—and these cedillas are printed in
books, uniformly one hundred in each, and issued
under theauihouty of the Captain General; and
it is made the duty of owners to have cedulas for
their slaves.
A party wishing to engage in the slave trade,
usually purchases a fast-sailing vessel—generally
an American vessel—and pays for her at Havana
or in the United Stales, upon the condition of her
being delivered on the coast of Africa. She sails
for Cabtnda, or some other point of the slave
coast, with the few articles required for a return
slave voyage, under the command of her Ameri-
can master or mate, with a crew to bring her back;
and, on her arrival on the coast of Africa, she is
turned over to her new owners, the master pock-
ets his vessel's icgister, returns home, delivers it
to the custom-house to cancel his registry bond,
and upon it is written " vess< I sold abroad."
The Spanish owner, the moment he takes com-
mand, ofieis so many of the American seaman as
lie wants, libeial wages, varying from three to five
hundred dollars for the return voyage, and not
unfrequently secures their services. The water
casks are then filled, the slave deck laid, the ca-
boose and coppeis arranged, and when a favora-
ble off-shore breeze spnngs up the slaves are taken
on board, in two hours if necessary, and the vessel,
with her new owners and caigo, is off for Cuba.
The place of landing in Cuba is previously ar-
ranged, and as the time for the arrival of the ves- j
sel apptoaches those interested m the enterprise
are at their posts. Cedulas have been obtained
from the officer who does this part of the dirty
work of the Captain General, for the number of
slaves expected, two and a half ounces (or forty-
two dolluis and fifty cenis) being paid for each as
the Captain General's fee.
The slaves are landed, the cedulas being exhib-
ited to the chief authority, and to the captain of
the partido of the district, to each of whom hand-
some gratuities are paid for their connivance.
This is the ordinary course of proceeding when
the affair is successful, and the profits it yields
are enormous; the Bozal costing the trader about
seventy dollars, and selling for from eight to
twelve hundred in Cuba.
Rut it not unfrequently happens that Mr. Craw-
ford, the British Consul General at Havana, learn-
ing of the intended importation, spiritedly remon-
strates and demands the Captain General's inter-
ference; and this officer, in appearance at least,
adopts active measures to prevent it; but it rarely
amounts to anything. If any slaves are taken,
the affair is so managed that the trader is suffered
to escape with enough to make a fair profit; and
if any participant has to be imprisoned for a few
days, it is usually the captain of the partido,
who runs this risk and charges accordingly. Thus
is the slave trade conducted; and while it is man-
ifest that the trade could not exist a day without
the connivance of the Captain General, it is equally
obvious that it is impossible to obtain accurate
information as to the number of slaves annually
introduced. 1 have examined all the received au-
thorities upon this point, and I have reason to
believ.c the number generally overstated.
Lippincott says, that in 1844, when the trade
was uncommonly active, the importation reached
ten thousand; but General Crawford, whose
means of obtaining correct information, entitle his
statements to great consideration, does not esti-
mate it at over six thousand.
Mr. President, I totally dissent from the asser-
tion that the plantation slaves of Cuba are re-
placed by importations every seven years, and
from the assertion of my friend from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Hammond,] that the climate of Cuba
is adverse to the African. Cuba is but a degree
south of Florida, where our statistics show the
negro is healthier than in any other portion of
our country.
The Southern Keys of Florida are in latitude
24° 33\and Cuba lies southeast about ninety-four
miles from them; and while Florida is but little
elevated above the tide-water, a back-bone of
mountains traverses Cuba from east to west.
With similar treatment, the plantation negro
in Cuba would be what he is in Florida, the freest
from disease and care, the happiest and the most
enduring of his race on the face of the earth.
But it must be remembered that so long as the
slave trade exists, increase by births is discour-
aged, not only by the interest of the planters, but
by the prejudices of those owning domestics.
The trader finds the expense and trouble of
bringing females equal to that of bringing males
from Africa; and as the female is worth only
about one half or three fifths as much as the
male of the same age,butfew females are brought,
the proportion being about one to six.
Hence we find scarcely a female on some plant-
ations except a few domestics about the houses.
Now, sir, annex Cuba and abolish the trade,
and the females would be sent from the cities and
towns to the plantations, their places would be
supplied by the coolies or the Mahais, and the
domestic slavery of Cuba, like the island gener-
ally, would soon be Amencanized.
1 tiust that I do not shock the prejudices of
any of my friends when I say, that the continu-
ance of the African slave trade is the greatest
curse that could have been inflicted upon Cuba;
for to that, and that alone, is she indebted for
the deathly pall that wraps her in despotism
to-day.
Spain has violated her treaty obligations to en-
courage it, because she deliberately adopted the
horrible policy of ever keeping a large number of
negroes, fresh from their jungles in Africa, ready
to turn upon the people; savages, with whom
s'aughter is a pastime; and one of her ministers,
with a cold-blooded forecast unsurpassed, has cal-
culated that the ability of Spain to turn these ne-
groes upon the people, is equal, in controlling
Cuba, to an army of one hundred thousand men.
It has kept the people in constant terror of in-
surrection, and afforded a plea to the Crown for
keeping amongst them a standing army of sol-
diers, spies, and informers. Upon this pointGen-
eral Concha's authority will be admitted. Upon
the expiration of his first term of service in Cuba,
he published a memoir, in which he comes to the
conclusion that to the balance between the white
and colored races is Spain indebted for her tenure
of the island, and for the failure of Cuba to go off
with the other American provinces in 1823, when
Spain had but three regiments there.
The existence of this slave trade has, more-
over, furnished to Great Britain a pretext for in-
terfering, from time to time, in the affairs of Cuba
in a very remarkable manner; and I think we are
justified in believing, nay, I think we would be
culpably incredulous, were we not to believe, that
England's stern and settled policy is to attain the
liberation of every negro imported into Cuba since
1820, and thus to reduce it to the condition of St.
Domingo.
From the following dispatch of Mr. Crawford
to Lord Clarendon, in 1855, written at Havana,
we can infer the rate of bribery in this trade:
Your lordship will be able to form some idea of the
nature of such arrangements, by the details I am enabled to
furnish of what was effected at Santa Cruz, on the south
side of the island, when five hundred Bozals were landed
near that place m August last, namely:
Gold—ounces.
To the commanding officcr  468
To the captain of the port.    234
To the collector ot the port  200
To the tide-surveyor   200
Total    1,102
" This arrangement was made upon four hundred and
sixty-eight s-laves. the rest being weak and sickly, (rather
over forty dollars per head,) which must be considered a re-
markably cheap bargain of its kind."
I trust, sir, that it may not be deemed unbe-
coming in me, or violative of any courtesy which
this body, and which I, as an American Senator,
owe to a friendly Power, to stand here in my
placc and announce to the world my conviction,
as I now do, that this cold-blooded and barbar-
ous policy is being pursued by that Government.
The views entertained in the past as well as in
the present, by Great Britain and ourselves, upon
the present and future condition of the African
race on this continent, are well determined by the
course and action of each. She, partly induced
by a spurious philanthropy, partly moved by a de-
sire to develop her Indian empire and to injure the
United States, adopted the emancipation measure,
and prostrated the most productive, prosperous,
and valuable colonies that ever an empire owned,
to beggary, ignorance, and barbarism; and in this
condition she maintains them, that the negro may
be free—free to violate all his duties to himself, to
his fellow, and to his God—a freedom which re-
duces him to a hellish slavery, and conducts him
back to his original barbarism. And having done
this with her own colonies, and her objects yet
unattained, are we to suppose she will pause in
her career with the colonies of Spain?
To hamper, crib, cabin, and confine the prog-
ress of our country, she bestows unceasing vigi-
lance. Why, sir, f remember that you, yourself,
[Mr. Mason in the chair,] not two years ago, as
the head of our Committee on Foreign Relations,
brought to the notice of this body, not only her
encroachments on this continent, but her active
interference to prevent us from acquiring simple
coal deposits for our Navy.
Her trade with Cuba now is considerable, but
if it were Africanized it would pass at once, as a
free black colony, under her protection, at the
doors of our southern States, and she would not
only have a monopoly of its trade; but the regu-
lation of its tariff.
But let us look at the direct evidence before us.
Great Britain *s tone and language upon our Cuban
policy have been uniform for half a century, al-
ways expressing her determination against its
transfer to us.
I will not go over the evidence so ably pre-
sented by my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
jamin,] to show that she has twice attempted to
get Cuba secretly. She values Gibraltar as a pos-
session beyond all price, because it is the key to
the Mediterranean; but what is Gibraltar in com-
parison with Cuba, where she could not only com-
mand our Mediterranean, but where she could, for
all time to come, plant a free-negro soldiery upon
our borders, and within a night of our shores ?
But I will pass on to the direct proof of her
policy.
I have just seen an able article in La Patrie,
(published in Paris,) of the 17th ultimo, in which
this language is used:
'• Toproteer Cuba against the covetous Americans. Spain
ought, above all, to count on England, who has also Jamai-
ca and so many other important islands to defend ; but the
former intimate relations between Spain and England have
greatly changed during the last twenty years; and the prin-
