246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
Thirty-Fourth Congress, framed in accordance
with the opinions of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, formed and matured as I have described; but
it was objected to by many,of the merchants of,
our chief commercial emporium, ,wj>p complained •
that many of the'antiquated features of the.law
of 1799 \vere ret^itt'ed; ■ they compliained-r-and I
thinkwith justice, too—^hatmany features "vvhielV
experience had condemned were unadvisedly and
improperly retained; and Congress wisely, at
that time, rejected the bill; for, sir, it was very-
clear that a code of laws or collection of statutes
not approved by the people, or by that class of
the people whose interests they were to affect,
could not be of any practical effect; for, if the peo-
ple for whom it is intended reject the law, how-
ever distinctly it maybe imprinted upon the stat-
ute-book, it will be a dead letter, incapable of
administration, and void. The first object, there-
fore, after having selected the facts and reason
as our guide, is to consult the wishes, opinions,
and interests of those whom it is intended that the
law shall govern. In the instance under consid-
eration, the merchants, in their united capacity,
protested against the passage of the bill because
of its many objectionable features. The protest
had its proper effect upon the opinion of Con-
gress, who accordingly dismissed the bill from
their further consideration, and rejected it.
But, sir, by the same Congress it was resolved
that the whole subject should be referred again to
the Treasury Department. It took that course,
and in the interim between the expiration of that
Congress and the assembling of tins, the incum-
bent of the Tieasury Department, the present
Secretary of the Treasury, renewed the labors
of his predecessor, reexamined the bill in its va-
rious paits, amended it 111 some places, affirmed
its provisions in others, and, at the opening of
the last session, the whole subject was again in-
troduced to the present Confess, and by the
Liouse was committed to the Committee on Com-
merce. From that time to this, this committee
have had the subject under careful deliberation.
They have consulted authoiiues in all quarters.
The United States district attorneys charged with
the execution of the laws; the collectors in the
various principal collection distiicts of the Union,
the naval officers and surveyors, presumed to be
familiar with this subject, have, in very many
instances, been consulted, and in nearly every in-
stance their advice has been accepted. The mer-
chants have had the bill proffered to their consid-
eration; the Chamber of Commeice of the city of
New York appointed a commission to review its
(uovisions, to examine them, and to repoi t to that
body their nature, and to pronounce whether the
code, as now offered, was compatible with the
interests, and acceptable to the masters of com-
merce. They held it under deliberation, and
afterwards communicated with me, by letter, as
chairman of the Committee on Commerce of this
House, from which the following is an extract.
The letter, i should premise, is signed by P. Pent,
the president of the Chamber of Commerce:
<{ In the meantime [ be« to vay to jron. that the resolu-
tions t'\}J!i'j-s the 1 nil <tpinuv.il tin: ch.unbei ot the icve-
nue lull as icpoited " #
I may also say that, in addition to this appro-
bation, the bill has the approval of the present
Secretary of the Treasury—not that in every par-
ticular he gives it his cordial assent, but he ex-
presses his desire that it may pass, and that in
reference to those parts of which he disapproves,
and from which he differs, he is content that the
expression of that disapproval be clearly made to
the committee, to the end that it may judge whether
his opinion be correct, or that of the committee
which reported the lull. When we shall arrive,
in reading, at those parts of the bill signified by
him, \ will take the oppoitimity of expressing Ins
upon them, as well as the conflicting views
of the committee winch i represent.
Now, sir, four or five years have elapsed since
this wotk of consolidation was undertaken; five
years of continuous and auiuous labor; five years
expended upon a subject of the greatest import-
ance to the commercial interests of the Union;
live years of codification, bestowed under l he most
i'i\orable circumstances, aid-jd by the knowledge
and advice of all the experts of the land. If, then,
the Conj;re<s of 1852 had chosen to commit the
work of the revisal of the revenue laws to a body
of men. cr comaits?inn to be named, th?y could
not have selected a body so able, so competent,
and so laborious, as that which has had this
work in charge. • I say this for the assurance
of gentlemen who are not to be presumed to be
familiar with''tho technicalities or revenue laws.
I say to th«m*, that among all the subjects em-
braced in this bill, there is not the most trivial
one which has- not passed under the careful and
repeated scrutiny of experts, practitioners, and
administrators of revenue law, and most accom-
plished adepts in the administration of custom-
house rules; nor is there a single provision among
them which has not been ratified and affirmed by
their judgment.
Five years, I repeat, have been spent upon this
work by such a body of men. Sir, the law which
now governs nearly the whole of Europe, the law
which controls many of the States of this Union,
the civil law, in its inception, occupied but about
fourteen months. It wasTnbonian and nine sages
who produced in that time the code of Justinian.
The Pandects and the Institutes, far-reaching and
profound as they were, required butthcperiod of
three years for their completion. Now, if this
committee is to act by analogy, I may say that
five years occupied by a commission such as I
have announced, with the results now presented,
should satisfy the committee that ample time for
careful codification has been afforded to the men
who, above all others, are presumed to have the
greatest familiarity with the subject, most inter-
ested in an accurate collocation of law, as well as
most desirous of its early and propitious accom-
plishment.
I may, therefore, say that although it is impos-
sible that honorable members should sit in judg-
ment upon a collection of laws, the provisions of
which they have not been educated to undeistand;
upon laws which not even the most practiced
professional man would be able at first effort to
interpret and construe; upon laws which no per-
son else than he familiar with the details of the
circumlocution office, and with the red-tapeism of
the custom-house procedure, can be presumed to
penetrate or to compass. I say, although it may
be impossible for gentlemen to understand the de-
tails and technicalities connected with, and in-
separable from, the collection of the revenue, the
entry of merchandise, and the clearance of vessels,
yet, under the circumstances I have presented,
and with the facts before them, which I have nar-
rated for their guidance, they should determine
whether they may not, with all just reason, con-
clude that confidence should be reposed in the wotk
presented for their acceptance as judicious, reli-
able, and necessaiy.
I will now, sir, as concisely as possible, pro-
ceed to enumerate the most important changes m
the existing laws which are proposed and which
are now presented for legislative action. I may
say, however, before proceeding with this enu-
meration, that these changes are by no means
innovations. They have been supplied to the con-
solidated act fiom the practical experience of the
last fifty years, in the collection of the revenues,
and they mainly, if not entirely, have been im-
ported fiom the Treasury regulationsappertaining
to our various custom-houses. With this remark
I will proceed with the list of changes p.roposed,
which I hold in my hand. There is at present
a law which distinguishes the documents with
which every vessel is required to be furnished,
whether sailing coastwise or on foreign voyages,
by registers, enrollments, and licenses—a distinc-
tion m truth without a difference; creating confu-
sion, and oftentimes resulting in injury to the
merchant and shipholder. It has been thought
wise by expeiienced individuals to abiogate this
law, and to resolve all enrollments, registers, and
licenses, into the one denomination of registers.
Another subject, sir, ofgi'eat importance, per-
haps of greater importance than any other con-
templated by the bill, is the admeasurement of
vessels for tonnage. I will not, limited as I am
now in time, embark fullyupon this subject, but
leave that to the opportunity of an amendment
which I intend at the proper period to oiler, from
the Committee on Commerce. I will say in brief,
however, that the present system of admeasure-
ment for tonnage is injuriously false; that it is
erroneously applied; and that it is, to the extent
of its ability, working evil to our marine archi-
tecture, and destroying, if that be possible, the
c-nterpuse and success of American nautical abil-
ity. It is, sir, impairing the very model of our
marine, and in this wise: The law, as it is, has
descended to us from 1789, when it was adopted
into our code from the English law of 1773, which,
in its turn, had descended from the elder English
law of 1375. And thus, a law dictated by the
ignorance of the times, which presumed that the
depth of a vessel was but equal to half its breadth,
and applied such a false clement to the admeas-
urement of the tonnage of vessels; or, in other
words, to the mensuration of their cubical capa-
city; has inflicted upon our country a system of
tonnage admeasurement for vessels all wrong-
injuriously, ruinously wrong.
I will give to the committee an instance r so im-
perfect is this law, that under it, of two vessels,
each admeasured for and having a registered ton-
nage of one thousand tons, one may carry fifteen
hundred tons, and the other but five hundred
tons. And so it is, that the merchant purchasing
by tonnage admeasurement, the merchant taxed
by tonnage, the merchant who pays duties upon
tonnage,has been entrapped and injured, and, in
certain cases hopelessly involved, by the unjust
application of this most pestilent law. The Eng-
lish partially rectified their error in 1836, having
then adopted a new style of ad measurement called
the " new admeasurement;" afterwards they im-
proved upon this, and in 3853, adopted their pres-
ent rules, and now their vast naval and com-
mercial marine, under the influence of this true
system, is making vast advances from their old
models, and begins to compete with the best mod-
els of the Ameucan mai me. It is time now that
we should obviate this difficulty. The voice of
reason and of patriotism demands it. The inter-
ests of the shipholder and the interests of the
merchant appear before this committee and claim
the adoption of the proposed amendment; the
adoption, substantially, of the English system of
admeasurement for tonnage.
Another new feature, Mr. Chairman, is, that
instead of the sailors being taxed twenty cents
per month for hospital dues, on account of sick
and disabled seamen, it is proposed to have re-
coutse to a tax upon tonnage for the creation of
the desired fund. The crew list of a vessel is
oftentimes imperfect; oftentimes it is so modified
as to suit the interest of the ship-master; and in
our interior coastwise districts it has always been
difficult, nay, impossible, for the master to furnish
to the custom-house the names of his crew. Of
course, a failure on the part of the Government to
collect the twenty cents from all those employed
has been the consequence.
Now, sir, it is very well that wc should take
charge of the interests of the sailor. And while
it is proper that the sailor himself should be as-
sessed, (and it is manifestly improper that he, as
one of the class to be benefited, should escape the
contribution which the law directs for his benefit,)
he frequently, under our present laws, escapes;
and it is to prevent this that the amendment is
proposed. Its action will be of this character:
The ship-owner will pay three cents per ton upon
the tonnage of his vessel, he having the legal
power, however, to exact remuneration from each
sailor shipped, in proportion to his time and
wages. Thus will the tonnage of the country be
answerable to the Government. All that should
be will be collected; and the ship-owners and mas-
ters will be protected, while securing the Govern-
ment from loss; will in turn be protected by the
power conferred on them to secure from the sailor
what they have paid to the Government in his be-
half.
Another grave consideration, Mr. Chairman,
is that, at present, the sum paid by the Govern-
ment is over three hundred and forty thousand
dollars annually for the relief of sick and disa-
bled seamen, while only $167,000 is collected,
leaving the large difference to be appropriated each
year by Congress out of Treasury funds. Your
committee are of the opinion that this deficiency*
should not fall upon the country at large, but first
upon those who are most immediately connected
with and dependent on the seamen, and then upon
those who compose the class intended to be ben-
efited. It is believed, on accuratc computation of
the tonnage of the country, that an assessment of
three cents per ton will yield a sum equal to the
sum required annually for the relief of sick and
disabled seamen. Another innovation is an ap-
prentice system which it is proposed to introduce
