248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
which I think will secure a more intelligible con-
sideration of this bill. The biil is very prop-
erly divided into chapters. Each chapter might
very well constitute the subject of a distinct
bill. In voting upon the large amount of matter
embraced in one bill, there are probably many
gentlemen who cannot familiarize themselves
with the various provisions and sections suffi-
ciently to iustify them in voting for it as a whole.
There will be, doubtless, votes against the bill,
simply because gentlemen do not sufficiently un-
derstand all its provisions. I believe most of the
provisions to be good; but some of its sections
are clearly not frek from objection; and I would
suggest, whether it is not competent for this com-
mittee— and whether such a course would not
meet the approbation of my friend from New York
—to divide the several chapters into bills, each of
which shall constitute a sepaiate bill; we could,
by that means, secure at least the passage of such
provisions as would command the unanimous
approval of the House.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I will say that
such a course would command my approval.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will say, in re-
ply to the gentleman from Alabama—though my
hour has expired—that the reason of presenting
the bill in its present shape is this: It 13 import-
ant that the several subjects of legislation con-
tained in the bill should he acted upon simulta-
neously, and to adopt the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Alabama would be to adopt a partial
code of corrective laws, leaving the great prepon-
derating evil behind. The passage of one of theee
chapters as a separate bill, would encounter the
same objection now urged against the whole bill
as it stands.
I take it for granted that any individual upon
this floor not being familiar with the details of
custom-house routine, would ho unable, from an
examination of this lull without assistance, to
arrive at its true meaning or import; and I will
say in this connection, thut if tins House intends
to adopt a system of revenue laws applicable to
the present wants of the commerce of the country,
they will be obliged to take the gieater part of
it upon the representations of those most deeply
interested in it, and upon the advice of iIiomj most
familiar with the laws which govern it.
And now, in order to terminate the debate fir
tho present, as it has been suggested to me fiom
various quarters, 1 will, for the purpose of mov-
ing in the House that this special order be post-
poned for ten days, to permit the amendments of
the committee to be printed, move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from New Yotk and  o the com*
mitlee. It is now bo late in the day that i think
wc had better go on with this debate, if there is
any other gentleman desuous of r,peaking upon
the general question. Py continuing the debate
now, we shall save that much time; ami when
the committee rise, it will then be competent lbr
the gentleman from New York to submit tho mo-
tion he contemplates—that is, to have the amend-
ments printed and the bill made a special ord'T
for some other day. if there are gentlemen desi-
rous of speaking, I suggest that they had better
occupy the time of tho House now; and we shall,
in that way, be aided 111 our deliberations upon
the general subjects contained m this bill. I think
it very profitable to keep up this 1 tinning discus-
sion in the form of a dialogue, as it will elicit
considerable information. If, therefore, there are
any gentlemen who desire to continue the discus-
sion, I suggest to the gentleman from New Yoik
that he delay his motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the gen-
tleman from New York will insist upon the mo-
tion now, for the reason that there can be no very
intelligent discussion of the bill until we know
what the amendments are.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE here sent to the
Chair the amendments to the bill which are pro-
posed by the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that important
amendments are to be proposed to this bill by the
Committee on Commerce, and, so understanding,
I agree that the motion of the gentleman from
New York is a proper on*.
I have another suggestion which is in conflict
with the one made by the gentleman fiom Virgin-
ia, [Mr. Millson.] We have the bill befoie us,
and by a postponement we shall have the amend-
ments before us, and the speech of the gentleman
from New York will be before us, giving his run-
ning criticism upon the entire matter contained in
the bill, and with those before us we can form a
better opinion than otherwise we shall be able to
do. I therefore hope the gentleman will adhere
to his motion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I adhere to my
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempo* e, Air. Smith, of Tennessee, reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and es-
pecially a bill (H. R. No. 487) for the codifica-
tion of the existing revenue laws of the United
States, and for other purposes; and had come to
no resolution thereon.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
amendments of the Committee on Commerce to
hill No. 487 be printed, and that the special order
be postponed till the 13tli instant.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suggest to the
gentleman from New York that there is a special
order for the lGth instant, and the consideration
of this bill, if set down for the 13th instant, will
probably interfere with that other special order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will say the 15th,
then.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The French spo-
liation bill will come up 011 the JOih.
Tho SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
surest that the JGth in Sunday.
Mr. Y/ASIIUUUN, of Maine. I move to
amend tho motion of the gentleman from New
York by substituting " two weeks from to-day,5J
in the plae^ of" the 13th."
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would like to know whether
the amendments from the Committee on Com-
merce have yet been repoited ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Not m form; but
they aie upon the Cierk'.s desk.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the gen-
tleman at the head of the Committee on Com-
merce, now proposes to report amendments under
the instruction of the committee5
The SPE<YKER pro tempore. They are on the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. HOUSTON. Arc they received so that
they may be printed?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They arc before
the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I presume, if the
consideration of this bill is postponed to tho time
indicated by the ge.ntlem.m fiom Maine, it will
amount to a defeat of the bill, as we shall not then
have time to peifect it in tho Committee of the
Whole and report it to the House and have it
acted upon there. If, at the end of the week, it
shall be necessary to make a further postpone-
ment, [ will then make a motion to that effect.
The question Ixmg on the amendment,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded tellers.
Tellers weie oidered; and Messrs. Bryan and
Harlan were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes G7.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. John Cochrane was then
agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHCLPS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
move that the rules be suspended, and the House
lesol ve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the s'aie of the Union, m order that we may take
up and act upon the Indian appropriation bill,
winch wife undei consideiation when the commit-
tee was in session previous to this morning.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the stjte of the Union, (Mr. Taylor,
of Louisiana, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the Indian appropriation bill, upon
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, I shall post-
pone the general remarks which I had intended
to make on the policy of this Government, in re-
gard to the various Indian tribes, to a more ap-
propriate occasion. I understand that there will
soon be presented a proposition to pay the scalp-
ing parties who went out against the Walla-Wal-
las, and then I shall make some observations on
the subject. At present, I shall only occupy the
attention of the committee for a few moments in
assigning some objections to this bill. L'etat
e'estmoi—I am the State—said Louis XIV.; and,
sir, if the process of centralization goes on for a
few years to come, as it has for years past, tho
Executive of this country can, with equal truth,
say, "I am the Government." When measures
are proposed, when bills appropriating vast sums
of money are reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means, their passage is urged not upon
the ground that they are right; wc are not told
that these appropriations are necessary, or, atany
rate, we are told only that they are necessary, and
not for what objects, and for what purposes. No,
sir; their passage is urged simply upon the ground
that the Executive has recommended the appro-
priations; and it is considered a matter of extreme
favor to Congress that the committee have only re-
ported about one half what an Executive Depart-
ment has recommended.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man to permit me to correct him just there. The
mistake into which I see he has fallen is the same
that was perpetrated by two of the daily journals
of this city. It was there stated that the' Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had reduced the esti-
mates of the Commissioner of Indian Affaiis. I
did not m-ike that statement. I stated that the
Secretary of the Interior had rcducod the estimates
of the superintendents of Indian all airs and super-
vising agents in the States and Terntoiies about
one ha'f, and that the Committee of Ways and
Means had recommended that this House should
appropriate the sum recommended by him. I
make this correction in justice to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not know as to that, sir;
but I do know that when objections were made
the other day to this bill, the uniform reply on the
part of tiie chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means was—It has been recommended ; it has
been recommended. And there is a report in the
papers, whether true or not, having the authority
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that unless wc model our legislation to
suit the views of 1 he Executive, we shall be called
together again during tho approaching summer m
extra session. I would like to know, by the way,
whether that report has the authority it claims to
have ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is so much
noise that 1 have not heard the gentleman's ques-
tion. I do not understand what is his intorroga-
tory.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not hear the gentleman.
[Laughter.]
Tho CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen will please pre-
serve order in the committee.
Mr. XTIELPS, of Missouri. I did not hear
the question asked by the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I asked the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Menus whether the
newspaper report had any sanction, that unless
we revise the tauffto si*ic the Executive we shall
be cdled together in an extra session?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 am ready to
answer that interrogatory, although I do not re-
gard it r>s relevant to the debate.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, u is relevant to what I
wes fcavmy.
Air. PHiiLPS, of Missouri. Very well. I will
answer it, for I do not desire to shuk any re-
sponsibility. I say that, unless Congress provides
means for carrying on the Government dining the
next fiscal year, either by a modification of the
tariff, or by the authorization of a loan, or by the
issue of Treasury notes, or by some one or all
of these measures, there will be, in my opinion,
a necessity for Congress to be specially convened
during the ensuing summer.
Mr7 LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman whether
that sentiment has the sanction of the Executive?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman,!
trustthat, when the President of the United States
desires to have an organ 111 this House, he will
