1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
From the same report we also learn t^hat the
prosp'erity of the Mauritius, no less than ""Chat of
the Wegt .India-Islands, had suffered a fearful
blight in consequence of the "gjorious act of
emancipation."
A third commission was appointed in 1830, to
inquire-into the condition and prospects of British
Guiana. Lord Stanley, in his second letter to
Mh Gladstone, the Secretary of the British Colo-
nies, has furnished us with the following extracts
from the report of the committee:.
"Of Guiana, generally, they say: 'it would be but a mel-
ancholy task to dwell upon the misery and ruin which so
alarming a change must have occasioned to the proprietary
body; but your commissioners feel themselves called upon
to notic^ the effects which this wholesale abandonment of
propertyhas produced upon the colony at large. Where
whdle districts are fast relapsing into bush, and occasional
patches of provisions around the huts of village setileis are
all that remain to tell of once flourishing estates, it is not ro
be wondered at that the most ordinary marks of civilization
are rapidly disappearing, and that in many districts of the
colony all traveling communication by land will soon be-
come utterly impracticable.y
u Of the Abary district: ' your commission find that the
line of road is nearly impassible, and that a long succession
of formerly cultivated estates presents now a series of pesti-
lent swamps, overrun with bush, and productive of malig-
nant fevers?'
"Nor are matters," says Lord Stanley, "much better
further south.
" Proceeding still lower down, your commissioners find
that the public roads and bridges are in such a condition that
a few estates still remaining on the upper west bank of
Mahaica creek are completely cut off", save in the very dry
season j and that with regard to the whole district, unless
something bo done very shortly, traveling by land will en-
' tiicly cease. In such a state of things it cannot be wondered
at that the herdsman has a formidable enemy to enc ounter
in the jaguar and other beasts of prey,and that the keeping
of cattle U attended vvitli considerable Io«.sfiom the depre-
dations committed by these animals.
"ft may be worth noticing," continues Loid Stanley,
" that this district, now overt un with wild beasts of the for-
est, was toimerly the very garden of the colony. The es-
tates touched one another along the whole line of the road,
leaving no interval of uncleaiud land.
" The east eoa&t, which is next mentioned by the com-
missioners, is hotter off. Propeities, once ol immense value,
had there been bought at nominal prices ; and the one rail-
road of Guiana pasning thiough that tract, a eompaiatively
industrious population—composed of former laboicison the
hue—enabled the planters still to work these to some piofit.
Even of this favoiod spot, howuver, they reportthat it' feels
most severely the want of continuous labor.' "
The commissioners next visit the east bank of
the Demerara river, thus described:
" Proceeding up the east bank of the river Demeraia, the
generally prevailing ioatures of ruin and distress aieeveiy-
wheu- perceptible. .Roads and budges almo.-t impassible are
fearfully significant exponents ot the condition ut the plant-
ation*! which they ttaverse ; and canal No. .'J, once covered
with plantains and codec, presents now a scene ol almost
total desolation."
Crossing to the west uide, they find prospects
somewhat brighter; "a few estates" are still
" keeping up a cultivation worthy of be tier times."
But this prosperous neighborhood is not exten-
sive, und the next picture presented to our notice
less agreeable:
"Amending the river still higher, your eommissioueis
leam that the district between Uobaboc Oirek and ' Stnek-
<-n lleuven'contained, in 183D, eight sujjai and five eollee
and plantain estates, and now there remain but three in
sugar, and lour partially cultivated with plantains, by petty
settlor; while the toads, with one or two exceptions, me
in a statw of utter abandonment. Ileie, as on the opposite
bank ot the river, hordes of squatter^ have located them
selves, who moid all communication with Europeans, and
have seemingly given themselves up altogether to the mde
pleasure iff a completely savage !ile.,J
The west coast of Demerara—the on ly part of
the countiy which still remains unvisited—is de- !
senbed as showing only a diminution of fifty par
cent, upon its produce of sugar; and witii this
fact the evidence concludes as to one of the three j
sections into which the colony is divided. ;
Again hear the report; |
" If the present state of the county of Demerara affords 1
cause foi deep apprehension, your comtniSMoneis find that '
E-seqmbo lias retrogiaded to a still more alaiming extent. 1
In fact, unless a Jaigc and sp"edy supply of labor be ob- :
tained to cultivate the doertetl fields ol tins once flourish-
ing disiiiet, there is gteat leusuu to leai that it will leiap&e
into total abandonment.3'
Describing another portion of the colony, they ,
say of one district: " Unless a fresh supply of.
labor be very soon obtained, there as every reason I
to fear that it will become completely* abandoned." l|
Of a second, u speedy immigration alone can save 'j
this island from total ruin. " (i The prostrate con- .j
dition of this once beautiful part of the coast,"
are the words which begin another paragraph, j
describing another tract of the country. Of a j
fourth, " the proprietors on this coast seem to be j
keeping up a hopeless struggle against approach- !
ing ruin." Again, "the once famous Arabian i
coast, so long the boast of the colony, presents
now "but a mournful picture of departed pros-
perity, Here were formerly situated some of the
•finest estates in the country, and a large rpsident
body of proprietors lived in the district, and
freely expended their incomes on the spot whence
• they derived them." Once more: " the lower
part of the coast, after passing Devonshire castle,
to the river Pomeroon, presents a scene of almost
total desolation."
" Berbice," says Lord Stanley, " has fared no better. Its
rural population amounts to eighteen thousand. Of these
twelve thousand have withdrawn from their estates, and
mostly from the neighborhood of the white man, to enjoy
a savage freedom of ignorance and idleness, beyond the
reach of example, and sometimes of control. Rut on the
condition of the negro I shall dwell more at length heieaf-
ter; at present it is the state of property with which I
have to do. What are the districts which together form
the country of Berbice ? The Corerityne coast, the Canje
cretflc, east and west banks of the Berbice river, and the west
coast, where, however, cotton was formerly the chief aiticle
produced. To each of these respectively the lolfowmg pas-
sages, quoted in order, apply:
"♦The abandoned plantations on this coast, which, if
capital and labor could be procured, might easily be made
very productive, are either wholly deserted, or else appro-
priated by hordes of squatters, who, of course, are unable to
keep up at then oWn expense the public roads and bridges;
and consequently all communication by land between the
Corentync and New Amsterdam is neaily at an end. The
roads are impassable for horses or carnages, while for foot
passengers they are extremely dangerous. The number of
villages in this deserted region must be upwards of two
thousand five hundred, and as the countiy abounds with
fish and game, they have no difficulty m making a subsist-
ence. In fact, the Corentyne coast is fa*t relapsing into a
state of nature.'
"'Canje creek was formerly considered a flourishing
district of the country, and numbered on its east batik sevA
sugar and three coffee estates, and on its west bank eight
estates, of which two were in sugar and six in coffee, making
a total of eighteen plantations. The coffee cultivation has
long since been entirely abandoned, and of the sugar es-
tates but cightstill now remain. They are suffering severely
for the want of labor, and being suppottcd principally by
Afncari and cooly nmmgiauH, u is much to be feaied that
if the latter leave and claim their return passages to India,
a great part of the district will become abandoned.'
" Under prcsentcueumstanees,so gloomy is thecondition
of affairs here, that the two gentlemen whom your commis-
sioners have examined with respect to this district, both
concur in predicting ' its slow but sure appioxnnation to the
condition in which civilized man fnst found it.'
" The negioes who, m a state of slavery, were comfoit-
ablc anil prospeious beyond anv peasantry m the world,
and rapidly approaching the condition ol the most opulent !
^erlti of Euiope, have been, by the act of emancipation,nre-
trievabh/ consigned to a btutc of barbarism
Surely it is 110 wonder that the hurrahing of
the English people has ceased. The London
Times for December 1, 1852, says:
" At tire present moment, n' there is one thine m the
woiId that the Jiritis-h public do not like to talk about, or
crcii to think about, it I - the condition ot" the race for whom
this fiieat effort was made."
Not so with the Abolitionists of this country.
They still keep up the annual celebration of that
great event, the act ofemancipation, by which, in
the language of one of their Dumber, more than
half a million ofhuman beings were" turned from
brutes into freemen."
I will not delay to show the condition of Ja-
maica and other colonies. The same results of
negro self-government, beggary, and vice, every-
where exist.
And here let me say to the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doolittle,] whom 1 see in his seat,
and to whose novel plan of surrendering llie trop-
ics exclusively to the negroes I listened, that if
he can show me a square mile of earth on this
globe which exhibits the negro's ability to gov-
ern himself and prosper, I may confess that his
notion has some foundation at least. Why, sir,
1 do not know in what city or town the honorable
Senator resides; but I undertake to say if any
negroes are there, it has its negro quaiter—the
filthiest and most shunned in all the city;and that
their progress, stimulated as it must be by false !|
philanthropy, has never carried them beyond the |i
mental employments in which they are usually i'
found. ii
Emancipation, sir, has be%n a total, a wretched
failure; and it has illustrated a singular feature of
the negro race, namely; that just as there are cer-
tain grains and fruits which the industry of man
has ledeemt d by careful culture from their origi-
nal and savage nature—from some wild grass or
bitter nut, wjiich, if withdrawn from his care, will
relapse back to their original type—just so does
the African in these colonies, when left to him-
self, relapse back, stage by stage, to the original
barbarism of his fathers.
It is not my purpose to review the grounds oc-
cupied by the opponents of this bill at this time;
but there is one objection taken, which, consider-
ing the time and place in which it is made, is too
remarkable to pass over.
It is said that the Cubans are Catholics, and
therefore averse to, and unfitted for, liberty; and
that the Catholic Church is hostile to freedom.
An assertion so irreconcilable with the truth of
history scarcely merits a serious answer; but,
sir, if this charge shall ever be made under cir-
cumstances requiring a response, Heaven grant
that the Church may have the privilege of con-
fronting her enemies here, before the freest and
greatest forum upon the earth. As one of her
humblest followers, and a most indifferent one, I
regret to say—perhaps the only one of this body
—I stand always ready in her defense; but, Sir,
she needs no defense. There she stands, with
the historic truth and traditionary lore of eigh-
teen centuries clustering around her head; her
annals illustrated and adorned by the proudest
names and monuments of earth; her teachings
sublime and universal; her morning sacrifices to
the ever-living God welcoming the sun in his
coming; and her vesper bells cheering his depart-
ure throughout the bounds of earth.
Sir, let this charge be seriously made, and its
refutation will be found m every forum and upon
every field where' freedom has been lost or won.
I am unauthorized, sir, to express upon this
subject any opinions but myown; but, in my
judgment, the enlightened Catholics of the world,
to-day, would regard the transfer of Cuba to this
country as a measure well calculated to advance
the interests of the Church.
It is also alleged that the Cubans are ignorant;
that they are satisfied with Spanish dominion,
and desire no change. Sir, I profess to know
something of the'Cubans; and I feel bound to
remind those gentlemen who have dealt here in
wholesale abuse, and in some innuendoes against
their indisposition to liberty; against their inca-
pacity for self-government; against their ignorance
and superstition; that, in a population of about
six hundred thousand whites, they sustain one
daily journal, at least, having nine thousand daily
circulation, while in the mother country there is
not a single paper that has two thousand; and
that daily journal, about the size of our Jturnal
of Commerce, is twice the size of any in Spain.
Let me say that, deprived of every office of
honor, trust, and profit; not permitted to enter
the army or navy; not permitted to enjoy any of
the benefices of the Church; not permitted to leave
the island, or return, without permission; or bear
arms, or enter upon a trade, or transfer a resi-
dence, "without permission; crushed by law, and
regarded by habit as an inferior race, they have
yet speedily adopted many of our mechanical
contrivances; they have shown the most remark-
able capacity for managing their own affairs, in
the administration of the island, as its unrivaled
prosperous commercial and agricultural.condition
to-day manifest; and they are the planters and
mechanics of Cuba, while the old Spaniards are
the-governing class.
They have sought the United States upon every
occasion; and those that you have seen here are
fair specimens of the Cubans. In private virtues,
I do not believe tliey will compare unfavorably
with our own people. The spirit of hospitality
rests upon every Creole mansion in Cuba. Most
especially does it to an American. The miserable
pretense has been set up, and sometimes urged
here, that this people—crushed and down-trodden
as they are—do not desire a change of govern-
ment. It is the most preposterous presumption on
earth, that a people thus crushed, living almost
within hearing of our own bells which celebrate
the anniversaries of our independence, coming to
our country, educated in our public schools,^ar-
fying back with them and spreading the princi-
ples of civil and religious freedom, should tamely
submit to the rod, if they could possibly avoid it.
Why, sir, these people, within my own recol-
lection, have, on five different occasions, organ-
ized a well-directed revolution; and the existence
and maintenance of an army of tiained soldiers,
usually twenty-five thousand men,never lessthan
seventeen thousand, and numbering, with the
militia and partidos, twenty-five thousand at all
times, besides the Government spies—the very
existence of this force shows how much Spam
fears the spirit of the people. But for the main-
