1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
tenance of a standing; army, a great deal larger
than this country ever had, or 1 hope ever will
maintain for years, Cuba would have been free,
by the exertions of her own sons, long ago*. On
every occasion when manhood and courage could
be shown,the people of Cuba have not been back-
ward. But the dawn of that glorious morn which
is yet to rise upon Cuba is already struggling up
to our vision. The influence of young Cuba—of
a generation educated under free institutions—is
beginning to be felt; and Heaven giant that the
soil which has been moistened by the blood of the
Ageuros, of Lopez, and of Crittenden, may soon
cease to afford a resting-place for the oppressor.
I pass now to another branch of the subject. I
venture the opinion, sir, that we can purchase
Cuba only by combining, with a money consider-
ation, certain commercial concessions and advant-
ages to Spain. The commercial spirit of Spain,
fostered by her Cuban trade, and in the hands
principally of the active, energetic, people of Cat-
alonia—the yankees of Spain, as they are called
—is steadily advancing.
Spain, in'herown tonnage, sends her surplus
flour, wines, oils, fruits, &c., to Cuba, to the
value of $9,000,000, and charges imposts on them
there, thus concentrating the interests of her pro-
ducing classes in her retention of this trade. Now,
the people of Spain know well that whatever sum
of money might be paid for Cuba, would be used
or squandered by the Government or the Court,
the most corrupt in Europe, and that they would
derive but little benefit from it, commensurate
with the loss of Cuba. They know that, for the
last fifty years, Spain has witnessed but a suc-
cession of tevolutiona, und that every ministry
ejected fiom olflce left an empty treasury to its
successors, tn be replenished by extra taxes, until
the national debt, to-day, amounts to over seven
hundied million pounds sterling.
The vice and rapacity of ministers, and the cor-
ruptions of her Court, however, have not changed
the Spanish people. They are the same—honest,
brave, and true—that they were in Spam Ss palm-
iest days, retaining their primitive virtues with
their primitive customs; and in riding through
the roads and beneath the old chestnuts of La
Mancha to-day, you will encounter pretty much
thesamegroups of peasantry, dressed in the same
style, inviting you with the same salutation to
partake with them of the same style of breakfast
with which they greeted our old friends, Don
Quixote and Sancho.
Connect the offer of money with a right of
Spain to preserve her home trade with Cuba for
a period—say forty years—and it would cany
great weight. Thrre would then be apparently
no interruption to her commerce by the transfer,
and the industrial interests of Spain would sus-
tain no sudden sensation. Nor would her oils,
wines, or fiuits, compete with any agricultural
interests of ours; and, moreover, her cairymg
trade, which is her principal school for her naval
seamen, would not be destroyed.
Spain needs money—she lias long been on the
verge of national bankruptcy. Lord George Ben-
tinck, speaking for the British bondholders of
Spanish bonds, m 184G, in Parliament, used the
following language-
"Th<s dchr ducfiom Spain to Butish holders amount*? to
about £46,000.000. the imeicst on which, at thiee and a half
per cent., is £ 1,610,000 ; and tins sum deducted tiom the
total levenup of Cuba and Potto Uico alone, would leave a
suipltis meom'' to Spain 1'iom iiio<-e source, of £05:2.500,
The animal value ot the produce of the Inland ot Cuba is
about A'U.300,000, vUiiKt the icvenue of Havana alone jii-
cieci ed m twchenaiuch . tiom 15515 to l&27jtioni
$1 ,/26j9t>3 to i e« then, is wealth to icpay the
whole ttebi due hy Spain to JJittisk bondholders. Xow, the
■whole Sjiamsh nuri; only u mount* to three ships of the Unt\
five fnnutcc, aud twenty sloop!.. and i-na-Uer
oj war, 50 far as the pi wienie of the ewe ;racs, I think the
most limul minister need not be under am/ appi v'hamon that,
n flutter rour'C ivas tuken, there would be any ? cj 11 c{jc< five
resistance on thepait of Spain. I think, then, I have ?>iiow u
tnat there ks capability on I he pait oi Spain, and that it onlv*
icquues the application of an energetic system on the pan
of the noblo Luid to bhow hei the ncce-'-uj oi placing her-
self m a position to pay Jiei debts." ^ * *■
Hut in what manner aie the levenues of Spain wasted .3
Why, 1 find th< .t the royal household, one of the mo^t cot-
rupt'and profligate m Euiope, eos>u £435.000 a veai, being
upwauls ot £ M0.000 a \ear more than the Queen of Ens
land receives."—'Hansard's Parliamentary Debates, thud
series', volume 93.
It must be admitted that, in a war between Spain
and any of the great Powers of Europe, Cuba
would be the coveted prize, and would fall from
her grasp.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Florida will allow me for a single moment,
as he is passing on to another brancn of the dis-
cussion, I ^esire to read a single extract in rela-
tion to the condition of the Liberian settlement
on the coast of Africa.
Mr. M ALLORY. I would rather that the Sen-
ator would introduce that when he makes his own
remarks.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Of course, I do not desire
to interrupt the honorable Senator.
Mr. MALLORY. Spain's future power is to
be judged by her past condition and present weak-
ness; and I will briefly sketch her troubled exist-
ence for the last forty-five years.
In 1814, on the fall of Napoleon, that wretched
and imbecile creatufe,Ferdinand the Seventh, ic-
turned from his French prison to Madrid, and
was once again a king; and, surrounding himself
with the adherents of absolutism, he immediately
proceeded to establish a despotic Government,
and did so. This lasted about three years, the
times vaiied by insurrections and anaichy. The
glorious patriot Puego then raised the standard of
revolt successfully, overthrew the Government,
proclaimed the constitution of 1812, under which
the Cortes was convened, and liberal principles
again declared.
During the next three years, varied as before
by revolts and confusion, the king played falsely
alike with friends and foes, Until a French army
inteifered and restored the Bourbon monarchy.
Then followed military commissions and trials,
held all over Spam; many of the noblest men of the
country were executed; and Ferdinand crowned
his perfidies and sunk his memory to eternal deg-
radation by authorizing the execution of Riego.
The monarchy, however, had no peace; insur-
rections, guerrilla parties, the commencement of
ihe Carlist war, and the corruptions of the Court,
reduced the count.ry to beggary and bankruptcy,
which continued down to the death of Ferdinand,
in lb33; when, by his abolition of the Salic law
and the elevation of Isabel to the throne, another
intestine wat of seven yeais followed. The ad-
herents of Don Carlos, under the title of CUarles
the I4 ifth, aud those of the good and vittuous queen
mother Christina, took the field, and hostile camps
covered the country.
In 1834, a new Constitution was proclaimed,
inauguiateil by pronuneiamentos arid revolts at
Madrid, Malaga, and Saragossa.
The Carlist war continued tiown to 1840, when
the Duke of Victoria made his way to the head
of public affairs.
in 1843, he, in turn, was driven from power.
Narvaes took his post, and, in 1845, a new con-
stitution was proclaimed.
In 1854, Concha and O'Donnell raised the stand-
ard of ievolt;the battle of Yivalcaro was fought;
the streets of Madrid were barricaded; the houses
of members were sacked; Christina was ban-
ished; and anarchy reigned throughout the cap-
ital, and, m fact, over the whole country.
Espartero then took control of the Government,
and a new constitution was proclaimed in 1855.
Esparteio and O'Donnell divided power; the
former giving way in 185G, leaving O'Donnell at
the head of affairs, when another constitution was
established.
Such have been the last forty-two years of
Spain's career; and further,to exhibit the improb-
ability of her retaining Cuba much longer, let us
glance at the dominion she has parted with, as
furnished by one of her own writers:
" In 1565 we gave up the T>le of Malta to the oider of St
John. In li)20 the Lower Navaile and Beatne v. j iclded
to Fiance; and m 1G-19 the Ron^elon Tu 1010 \\v lust Pol-
itical and hei colonics. In iti-tS we it-co^nized tile sover-
eignty oflhe Netheiland-s Jn i ovio the Tiinjii-i) \v tossed the
i)at ba.loes ii.unu^: m 1055 Jamaica; in J TU 1 (Ji'-jalrar; m
171? tile Lucea->: in 1759 Dounmca; and in 1701 Tiitndad.
In the seventeenth ceiituiy Fiance took po^es-ion ot Mar-
tiiiteo. New Uicnada. (iaudaloupe, ,nul tin; halt of the l>lc
<n San JJomniyo ; and in lt00 Louisiana In the eighteenth
conttuy we \iehled up Sardinia to the puke of Savoy, and
to Motot co our uirhts of Mazahpnwr and Oran. We ceded
Parma, Placencia, and Lucca, with othoi dominion-, m the
noi th of Italy, to Princes of the Hou*e of Bourbon, and m
1759 Naples and Sicily wete emancipated from* Sparmn gov-
ernment. in 1810 we poid Flotida to ihe United Stdtcs; in
1851 we lo^tour half of the Isle of Han Domingo; and be-
fore 1S25 ail the vast continent which oui glorious ancestors
had acquired was lo>t to us forever. Of ali ibis immense
power we have, a? a temembumce of the past, the Isiea of
Cuba and Pues to Kicn. the distant Philippines, aud our Af-
rican possessions alone."
Sir, when I reflect upon the geographical po-
sition of Cuba, upon its command of our com-
merce, upon its iron despotism, upon the claims
of her people upon us, upon its fertility and re-
sources, but, above all, upon the repeated pro-
vocations which Spain hag given us, I am re-
minded of Lord Clive, when eallcd before the
parliamentary committee to answer for his alleged
spoliation of the Indian princes: " By heaven,
gentlemen, when 1 reflected upon the temptation
I am astounded at my own moderation."
But oui opponents say, what want we of more
! territory ? Have we not enough? And theyquote,
I amongst other opinions, those of Mr. Webster,
' upon this point:
I " I have always wished," said Mr. Websterin his-speech
| on ihe admission of Texas, in 1845, "that tins country
should exhibit to the nations of the earth the example of a
! pi eat, iich, and powerful Republic, which is not possessed
! by a spirit of aggrandizement." My opinion has been "
! tsaid lu\aj?ain.inl>isi?reat speech of 7th March, 1850," that
: we have territory enough, and that we fehould follow the
| Spartan maxim,8 Impiove and adorn what you have. Seek
; no 1 in titer.5 "
I Something like this fell from my friend from
i Vermont, " Improve and adorn what you have.
Seek no further." Sir, it has been the cry from
the formation of the Government. It was the cry
1 when we acquired Louisiana, Florida, California,
; and New Mexico; but it has ever been the cry of
| minorities unsupported by power, minorities bat-
: thn£ against majorities on party issues; and I
much doubt if Mr. Webster would have ever held
. such language as President of the United States.
The condition of nations is the condition of the
, individuals composing them. Tell any of these
distinguished men who surround mo hei e, "pause
, in your career, make no further advance up the
■ strep hill of fame, improve and adorn what you
j have !" Tell the ambitious student, with all his
university honois clustering around his head,
! " lest from your labors, cease your pursuit of
i knowledge, stay the ambitious beatings of your
i heart, inipiove and adorn what you have!" Tell
, the seaman fresh from the decks of victory to
' sheathe his swotd and lie upon his oars—and even
i while they listen, they turn off each to pursue his
own particular career.
: Alexander, at the height of his military glory,
| sighed for new worlds to conquer; and Sir Isaac
, Newton, when complimented upon his sublime
! labors, replied that he felt that, like a little child,
' he had but wandered on the shore, occasionally
finding a shell or a pebble more lovely than the
i lest, while the great ocean of truth lay unex-
, plored before him.
1 No, Mr. President, it is no more possible for
this country to pause in its career than it is for
the free and untianirneled eagle to cease to soar.
. The blond m our veins and the institutions we
have adopted equally impel us onward. Every
homestead and hamlet of New England refutes
this stand-still policy; for each and every one re-
, tains the cherished memory of a son, a brother,
or a lather, who, surmounting every obstacle,
1 has wandered into distant lands to carve out a
home, there to tiansplant a loved mother, wife,
i or sister; there to win name and fame, and come
. back at some distant day, perhaps to old Con-
; necticut, a proud and honored son; perhaps to
I Congress, to tell of the hopes of his constituents,
i At our present rate of progress this vast conti-
j nent, every inch of it, must soon be ours. Since
i we turned England adrift from us, we have added
a new sovereignty and thiee hundred thousand
' people to the Confederacy nearly evei y four years,
it was but as yesterday, sir, that a handful of hardy
pioneers, with the ax and the iifle, crossed the
. mountains and settled in Oiegon; and last week,
while our chairman of Finance was upon the
■ floor, lucidly explaining the monetary condition
of the country, the President's messenger wins an-
nounced, and said, " the President of the United
i States has signed a bill admittmgOregon into the
; Union." Not another woid was said; the chair-
: man proceeded with his remarks, and Oregon,
i with her ninety-seven thousand people, her sev-
i emy.thousandbguare miles, her two hundred miles
1 of seaboard, and the agricultural and mineral re-
1 sources of a great empire, took her place, the
, thirty-third in our magic circle of stars, whose
i union and hafmony are never broken by addi-
I tions.
I am sensible that I have detained the Senate
longer than I should have done, and I will close
in a very few minutes. I desire to advert to what
