1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
declared against Mexico, on what ground was it
declared? On the ground that American blood
had been spilled on American soil, by Mexican
troops crossing the Rio Grande and invading the
territory of the United States, which was the terri-
tory of Texas. Now, how can the gentleman, at
this late day, question that ? But I suppose he has
always questioned it; and I do not care, after this
Irief explanation, at this late day to go into the
questions of the boundaries of Texas. Those
questions, with the boundary, have long since
been settled, and the United States recognized the
title of Texas by paying for a portion of the soil.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish merely to remark
that history, that never-failing record to coming
generations of the events that have transpired,
has recorded the fact in regard to Texas; and
neither that gentleman, [Mr. Bryan,] nor myself,
nor any member of this body, can change that
record. There u stands; and no misiepresenta-
tion, here or elsewhere, can ever change it. There
I leave the matter.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Steyens, of Washington, to insert the fol-
lowing clause:
For the expenses of bringing to the city of Washington,
and to viMt the pimcipal cities cast of the Kocky Mountains,
delegations of the Indian tnhes from the Territories of Ore-
gon and Washington, the sum of $30,000,
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Lovejoy's
amendment to strike out the following clauses of
the bill;
" For insurance, transportation, and necessary expenses
of the delivery of Pawnee annuity goods, $5,000.
" For the general incidental expenses ot the Indian ser-
vice in New Mexico, presents of goods!, agncultuial imple-
ments, and other uselul articles, and to assist them to locate
in permanent abodes and sustain themselves by the puij-uit
of civilized life, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretaiv of the Intenot, $75,000.
" For the compensation of tlnee special agents and four
interpreters for the Indian tubes of Texas, and tor purchase
of presents, $lo,00).
" For the e^pensesof colonizing, supporting, and furnish-
ing agricultural implements and stock for the Indians in
Texas, and tor the establishment of the revive west of the
Pecos river, £r25,000,
" For the general incidental expenses of the Indian ser-
vice in the Ten ttones. of Oregon and Washington, including
insurance and transportation of nnmntie>, good-*, nnd pros- j
ents, and office and tiavehng expenses of the supenntend- :
ent, agents, and sub-agents, §35,000.
" For defraying the cxpenses-of the removal and subsist-
ence of Indiana, in Oregon Territory to the reservations
therein, aiding them in "piocuting their own subsistence, '
purchase of provisions and piesents, compensation of la-
borers and other employs: Provided, That the sum of
$111,000, or fo much thereof at may lie nece^saiy, niav be
applied in paMTient of liabilities incurred during the year
ending 30th June, 1859, $161,000. 1
"For defraying the expenses of the removal and subsist-
ence of the Indians in Washington Teiutmy to the reser-
vations therein, aiding them m procuring their own sub- ,
sistenee, purchase of provudons and pieseii^. and eompen- !
sation of laborer? and other employs, $95,000.
" For the Indian seiviee in California, to be expended ,
under the direction of the Secretaiy ot the Interior, §00,000.
44 For the general incidental expenses ofthe Indian service ;
in California, including traveling expenses of the superin-
tendent, agent, and sub-agents, §7,500. j
" For tiie Indian semee in the Temtoiy of Utah, to be |
expended under the dnection of the Secretary ot the Inte-
rior, $45,000."
Mr. PEYTON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton-,
and Davis of Mississippi, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes fifty-four (less than half a quotum,) noes
not counted.
' So the amendment was rejected.
The reading of the bill by sections, for amend-
ments, was continued.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move to strike
out the following proviso: i
"Provided, That the sum of All 1,000. or so much thereof '
as may be necessary, rnay be applied m payment of liabili-
ties mcuned during" the year ending 30th June, 1859." ;
My first objection to ibis is, that it is a defi- I
cicncy on its face, and should be provided for in j
a deficiency bill. My second objection to it is, >
that it recognizes whatever claims the President j
or Secretary of the Interior may choose to recog- ;
nize as claims against the Government. I think j
we ought not to invest that power in the Secre- ;
tary of the Interior or the President. 1
Mr. HOUSTON. To complete the amendment '
of the gentleman from Ohio, he ought to move to ,
reduce the sum appropriated in that clause from
$161,000, to $50,000.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I accept the eug- 1
gestion of the gentleman from Alabama, and
move to reduce the sum from $161,000 to $50,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I undertook the
other day to explain this appropriation, in reply
to remarks which were then made.-- I say, now,
that there was nothing of the kind intended as
that to which the gentleman refers. This appro-
priation was only intended to meet any liability
which might occur during the fiscal year which
it might be proper for the Government of the Uni-
ted States to defray. I then read from the report
of the superintendent of Indian affairs, made at
this session of Congress, in which he stated that,
in consequence of the large expenditure for col-
lecting the Indians upon the reservations in the
Territory of Oregon and of subsisting them there,
the appropriations made at the last session of
Congress would be expended during the month of
December. He stated, furthermore, that unless we
furnished the means of defraying these expenses;
unless we provided for collecting and subsisting
the Indians; the unavoidable result would be that
the Indians would leave the reservations and go
back to their old haunts, where they had sub-
sisted themselves by hunting; that that country
was now settled up by white men, and that the
consoquencc would be a collision between the two
races and another Oregon Indian war. That point
was urged by the superintendentof Indian affairs
in Oregon with so much force that the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs here thought proper to
recommend that $111,000 of the appropriation
contained m this clause should be expended dur-
ing the present fiscal year. The superintendent
of Indian affairs says that a large number of In-
dians are collected upon the reservations; that the
money for collecting and subsisting them will be
expended during the month of December; that he
has then no means to furnish clothing for them or
subsistence to prevent them from starving.
Under these circumstances, I take it thatapru-
dent man, seeing that another Indian war would
be inevitable, unless clothing and subsistence were
furnished, would incur the expense, relying upon
the Government to furnish the means, lie would
not be a humane man in this emergency if he did
not incur the liability, believing that the Govern-
ment, as soon as the facts came to its knowledge,
would redeem all liabilities thus incurred legiti-
mately in the public service. As a general rule,
1 am as averse as any gentleman upon this floor
to sanctioning expenditures by the executive offi-
cers where no money has been appropriated; but
there are cases of exception. There are cases of
exception in the military service of the country,
where a military officer disobeys the order of a
supeiior officer for the purpose of meeting a great
public emergency. If his efforts are crowned
with success he is justified by the country, though
he may be condemned by the laws ot mihtaiy
discipline; so here I submit to this committee—
for upon this subject I have no feeling except to
promote the public good—whether it is not expe-
dient to appropriate this money tor the objects for
which it is intended to be disbursed, and thereby
prevent another Indian war in the Territory of
Oregon? You heard from the Delegate from the
Terutory of Oregon his remarks upon this subject,
based upon his own personal knowledge and ob-
servation. It is said that one cause of the diffi-
culty—one cause of the late Indian war in Oregon
and Washington was the faiUue to pet form the
promises made by the supetmtendent of Indian
affairs at the time when the Indmns signed the
treaty which has not yet been ratified by the Sen-
ate. The treaty provided for lemoving the In-
dians and extinguishing their tnle to tlieir lands.
The whites, in anticipation of the removal of the
Indians and the bringing of the lands into mar-
ket, went upon the lands m advanrp of the re-
moval of the Indians, and in advance of the extin-
guishment of their title. The Indians fmdmg
themselves crowded upon by the whites, finding
their hunting and fishing grounds occupied, must
commence hostilities unless you furnish the means
of subsistence.
Mr. BLAIR. The argument used in suppoitof
this appropriation is tha i it ib to fui nish means for
the s'lbbiitcnce of these Indians, to keep them at
peace. Now, m nine cases out of ten, instead of
that, the Government furnishes them with the
means of making war upon the white people. It
will be found, on looking at the executive docu-
ments, that one of the Indian agents on the Santa
Fe road, from Missouri to Santa Fc, wrote to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs notto sendusup-
ply of rifles and ammunition to be presented to the
Indians on that road; but the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs insisted upon making that kind
of presents to the Indians, and they procl^ihred
openly, as I understood upon good authority2,
that they intended to use them upon the people of
Texas; and. they did soon after make an attack
upon the frontiers of Texas. The name of the
agent was Miller, and that of the Commissioner
Manypenny. Since then, I have understood that
it is the custom of the Government to make every
year presents of rifles and ammunition to these
Indians, with which they make war upon the
white people.
Now, sir, I believe that these appropriations,
made by Congress under-the guise of furnishing
support to the Indians, are nothing more or less
than to furnish them with rifles and ammunition,
with which they make war upon our own white
people. It used to be a great complaint, upon
our part, that the British Government furnished
the Indians with arms to fight us with; yet we
have furnished those savages arms to fight our
own people with, for that is the object of most of
these appropriations.
You will find that the Indians in the region of
country around Santa Fe are collected together
for the distribution of these presents; after which
they collect upon the route of our commerce be-
tween Missouri and the Territory of New Mex-
ico, and, by means of the arms and the powder
which have been distributed among them, they
levy black-mail upon every wagon which passes
upon that road. It is notorious that the traders
cannot pass to New Mexico without being inter-
cepted by the Indians,and compelled to submitto
have black-mail levied upon them. The Indians
have the arms and ammunition with which to in-
timidate and destroy our people.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In order to avoid
one of the objections taken by the gentleman from
Ohio, I desire to amend the amendment, although
I think the language now used covers the point.
I will insert after the words " liabilities incurred"
the words "for the objects aforesaid." I have
no desire, nor is it the intention of the committee,
to give unlimited control to the superintendent
of Indian affairs, or to Indian agents. The ob-
ject was to embrace the necessary expenses in-
curred in removing those Indians to their reser-
vations, and assisting them in the purchase of
provisions, implements of husbandry, &c., until
they could support themselves; and.! desire that
the amendment shall limit the appropriation to
those objects.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN,of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desiie, with the permission
of the gentleman from Ohio, to ask the gentleman
from Missouri, how many Indians are now upon
the reserves in Oregon; to whom this appropria-
tion is to he applied; and how many were there
at the last session of Congress when the appro-
priation was cut down ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The number of
Indians intended to be provided for by this pro-
vision is about thirty-two thousand. The gentle-
man will find, by referring to the last volume of
estimates, that it is for so many of them as shall
be subsisted and maintained upon the reserve.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman does not
answer the question. There may be thirty thou-
sand or more Indians there; but what I want to.
know is the number for whom this $922,000 is to
be, or was intended to be, expended ? It will not
do to tell me that there are thirty thousand In-
dians anywhere within the Territory of Oregon,
or within certain precincts of it, intended ulti-
mately to be brought upon the reserves. The
propiiety or impropriety of this appropriation
would mainly depend, as my friend will sec, upon
the number that have actually been brought upon
the reserves.
There is another point I would like to hear the
gentleman upon. It is, whether the appropriation
now asked to b^ given is not piecisely, to a dollar,
the amount winch the estimates of the superin-
tendent were cut down at the last session of Con-
gress, with the consent of the Interior Depart-
ment and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, I will answer the
question again, for I think I did answer the gen-
