1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1335
and naval force of the United States to redress
any injury which any citizen of the United States
may have suffered:" <jvhere would that leave the
the war-making power? it would be taking it
from Congress and vesting it in the President of
the United States; or, if not taking it from us, it
would be sharing it with him. This I understand
to be the doctrine avowed by the Senator from
Illinois; but as he is not present, I will not dwell
on it. It is a doctrine wholly subversive of the
principles of our Government.
The question recurs, what can the President of
the United States do with this money? He has
told us what he will do, in his special message.
Well, sir, give him $30,000,000, and what will
be the result? He says he will violate the Con-
stitution of the United States; he says he will
avenge the wrongs which he claims are constant-
ly committed against citizens of this country,
whether the power is given to him by Congress
or not. He requests us to give him the power,
lest he should be driven to take the responsibility
of violating the Constitution; and he asks us in
connection—for the two messages are to be taken
together—to place in his hands §30,000,000, for
the purpose of negotiating with Spam for the
acquisition of Cuba. How the negotiation will be
conducted, I think I have shown you. I do not
stand here to bring any unfounded charges against
the President. I have read his message. 1 have
stated to you what he therein informs you he will
do. I think you may very fairly infer what he
will do if he receives these $30,000,060 that he
asks for, although Congress may not pass the act
authorizing him to take the couise which he in-
dicates to you that he will pursue. I say here, on
my official responsibility, that, readmg'these two
instruments together, I should not dare to trust
the President of the United States with the power
of using §>30,000,000 in this manner. Taking his
own language, I should expect him to involve the
country in war. If there were no other reasons,
I would not place this money in his hands.
But, sir, leaving this branch of the argument,
and supposing, now, for a single moment, that it
were possible to purchase Cuba; supposing it could
be purchased for §120,000,000 or $^00,000,000—
the President has indicated in one of his dis-
patches, I think in the instructions to Mr. Saun-
ders, what he would be willing to give; and I be-
lieve, by calculation, it was shown at that time to
be $120,000,000; probably the sum now required j
would be ot least $200,000,000; but, whatever it j
may be, suppose that, with the money now pro-
posed to be piaced in the hands of the President, I
the acquisition of Cuba might be accomplished: ;
what are its advantages, as stated m the argu- I
ments principally relied on in the Senate ? The ;
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin*] has dis- .
cussed that subject with greatabihty, I mightsay 1
with more than his usual ability; and he has i
frankly stated to us what is the objcct to be gained j
by the acquisition of Cuba; and why it is that the j
people of the free States are asked to contribute j
of their resources §200,000,000 for the acquisition !
of this island, iwill state it in his own language. i
He says:
Tiie loading fact, wln^h oujjht to be kept constantly ni '
view by all who would form jt^t conceptions on ttin v>ib- ■
ject, 3s?, that the wealth and pjoducmenet-s or' tin- i-land i
have been created, and their continuance can only be be- j
cured, by a s-Vftem of compulsory labor." i
How is it to be accomplished? How is "a i
system of compulsory labor" to be continued m !
Cuba? The Senator started it: 1
J now pioceed to inquneffom what source an adequate ,
&upply of this coinpul.-oiy labor can be obt.uncd. I know, j
&ir, ot'but thiee pos-ible method-?: !
'• 1. The actual morale of the slaves already there. i
" 2, The nitioduetion of persons bound to f.ervice, under j
tbe name of appi entice^ or coolie-, or colonists. \
(l 3. The African slave trade, winch is the prcicnt mcth- >
od "
He also gives, in another place, a fourth mode !
—acquisition by the United States, and the intro- ;
duction of slaves from this country, and of our i
slave system.
These are his four modes of continuing compul-
sory labor in Cuba. The first, by natural in- 1
crease, he says is impossible, under the present [j
state of things. Probably it is. The second—the ji
importation of coolies and apprentices—he says
has been abandoned for its inhumanity. The 'j
third—the African slave trade—must at some time !;
cease. It cannotalways go on. It may be many h
years—K may continue for generations to come; ;!
but the time must arrive when that traffic will
cease. Then what remains? There is but one
mode. Annexation to this country is the only
mode of perpetuatingslavei y in Cuba. That, then,
is the object of the bill; and in that point of view
I$m very-willing to present it to the northern
people. It is to perpetuate slavery in Cuba, that
the people of the North are requested now to con-
tribute of their means for this acquisition. I
think the Senator from Louisiana will admit that
I have stated his argument fairly. There is no
other object to be accomplished. This is the great
cardinal point that must be kept m view. It is
for this purpose—to perpetuate slavery in Cuba
—that we are asked to appropriate this money.
Why should we do it?
In the first place, the honorable Senator has
drawn a picture of the effect of emancipation in
the West Indies. He has painted it with the
matchless skill of an artist who excels in coloring
as well as in composition. I do not deny that he
has sho\vn a state of things existing there very
much to be regretted by all lovers of humanity.
That it has been caused by emancipation, 1 by
no means admit. But suppose you admit that
the free negroes of the Island of Jamaica are in a
condition of distress unparalleled by that of any
people on the face of the earth; what does that
prove? It docs not tend to prove that we ought
to acquire Cuba. If u proves anything, it proves
that we ought to acquire Jamaica, and right that
wrong, if such it be. Why do not the Senator
from Louisiana and his distinguished colleague
propose that we should restore the blessings" of
slavery by the acquisition of Jamaica? Why not
go to Great Britain, and say to &er, " You have
Africanized the Island of Jamaica; you have
imperiled our institutions, and therefore, from
necessity, for the sake of self-defense, we must
obtain from you that island; if you do not sell it
to us, you shall to no other nation; we will give
ynu such a sum as we think proper; your national
debt is immense; you are bankrupt; sell it £ous
! or we will wrest it from you." The reason why
that is not said, is obvious, and I need not state
it. England may abolish slavery in all her terri-
tories; and you will never hear either ofthe Sena-
tors from Louisanasay to her, " You are imperil-
ing our institutions by so doing!" No, sir; they
will submit; they have submitted, either because
they think it docs not imperil their institutions,
or for some other reason satisfactory to them-
selves. There is no danger that this country will
ever be involved in war because Great Britain
has seen fit to Africanize Jamaica. There is no
danger that you will ever present to her the con-
siderations which you are presenting to Spam.
Such language as has been used m this report,
will never be used towards Great Britain, for rea-
sons which I think are quite obvious.
Then, if this argument proves anything, it
proves that we ought to take the Island of Ja-
maica. It does not tend at all to prove that we
ought to take the Island of Cuba; because Cuba
is not on the eve of emancipation; there is no pro-
ject,-as I understand, for the emancipation of the
slaves there. The Senator from Louisiana informs
us that the blacks ofthe island ol Jamaica are in
the miserable condition to which 1 have alluded,
if it were a subject that I wished to pursue I might
show him that the blacks on that island, although
in the condition described by him, aic not alone
m misery; that it is somewhat of a necessity of
then- race; that the whole race are more or less in
a suffering condition all over the world. Go to
Cuba, where slavery exists, which the Senator
has argued is a great blessing to the blacks; J have
here a woik which describes the condition of the
slaves on the sugar plantations in Cuba. 1 do
not, now wish to detain the Senate with it; but I
could show that, if emancipation in Jamaica has
caused great distress among the blacks, slavery
m Cuba has overwhelmed the black race hi dis-
tress indescribable.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not desire to interrupt
the Senator's discourse; but I will suggest that
if he proves that, he follows out the hoe of my ar-
gument precisely. I stated that the negro slaves, '
under the Cuban system of slave labor, were ex-
terminated in every generation.
Mr. DIXON. I know ve^-y well that the Sen-
ator argued that their condition would be im-
proved bv annexation to the United States, and
I shall attempt hereafter to show that that will
j not be the case. I was barely saying now, that
if the free blacks of Jamaica are great sufferers,
: if their condition is such as has been described—
j I might show the same thing as regards the
. slaves in Cuba, and I dare say, if I were to follow
j it up, the slaves everywhere else in the world. ' I
( think it could beshownthatawantorf ventilation,
i and every other physical evil to which the' Sen-
| ator alluded m that connection, exists in this
' very city of Washington, and in many other por-
tions of the country; but I do not wish to follow
out that line of remark in this stage of my argu-
ments
Now, sir, how would you improve the condi-
tion of the slaves in Cuba by annexation to this
country? That, it is true, is one of the objects
which the Senator from Louisiana told us he had
in view in the acquisition; but how will he do it?
1 suppose the Senator would say that, by increas-
ing the value of the slaves which would result
from the abandonment of the slave trade, the in-
terest of the owners would require of them to
afford to the slaves better treatment than they
nowreceive, and that is probably what he means
when he says the advantage of American institu-
tions would be extended there. I supposehis idea
is that slavery would exist there as it does here,
and that self-interest here induces owners to treat
their slaves well, in consequence ofthe great value
of their property. His great means of accom-
plishing the object of the improvement of the con-
dition of the slave is by affecting the interest of
j the owner. This is to be done by abolishing the
slave trade with Cuba, by making the slave more
valuable, by introducing our system of slavery.
I think, however, that the Senator from Ver-
mont was entirely right, when he argued to the
Senate that the acquisition of Cuba would not
tend to the abolition of the slave trade. In the
first place, it would seem very strange if increas-
ing the value of the slaves, and thus increasing
the inducement to import them, would tend to
suppress the slave trade. We know that if you
raise the price of slaves in Cuba from $500 to
$1,500, you treble the motive which already leads
to their illegal importation at every hazard.
But, sir, how will you, by the acquisition of
Cuba, suppress the slave trade? What are you
doing now? The British Government have a
portion of their fleet on the coast of Cuba for the
suppression of the African slave trade. Our treaty
with Great Britain requires us to keep some por-
tion of our fleet on the coast of Africa, for the .
same purpose. There is, besides, in the island,
a mixed commission, partly British and partly
Spanish, the object of which is to try offenders
against the laws prohibiting the slave trade. Ac-
quire Cuba, annex it to this country, and the
Butish fleet must leave; we will not brook the
piesence of British men-of-war on that coast any
more than wo would on the coast of Georgia or
Florida. The British fleet must then be removed.
I take it to be an undeniable fact, that a very large
portion of the slave trade is now carried on against
the efforts of the British and the American Gov-
ernments, by the abuse of the American flag. I
find that in 1838, nineteen vessels laden with
slaves from Africa, came into Havana under the
Ameiican Has:. One in particular attracted great
attention, and landed its cargo of Africans under
f this protection. When the mixed commission
i notified our consul, then Mr. Trist, of this trans-
: action, and called his attention to it, and requested
| him to use the authonry of this Government, what
j| position did he take? Mr. Trist said it was an
I' interference with the independence of oar Gov-
ernment for that commission to dare to call his
i attention to that subject. We had then been in-
'i dependent some sixty years, and it does seem to
me to be about time for us to cease our sensiti ve-
il ness on the subject of our independence. I do
' \ not find that Great Britain and France, and other
j! nations, are sensitive lest they should notbe oon-
|! sidered independent nations; but our consul said
I; we could not take notice of this call on us to ex-
i! amine the subject, because it was a violation of
!; our independence. The American ship to which
!• I allude, landed eight hundred and fifty slaves in
'; the face of our consul. She started from the coast
H of Africa with eleven handled and fifty, and
!! landed eight hundred and fifty alive in Cuba.
Very soon after, a French ship came in loaded
j: with eight hundred slaves, and the mixed e.om-
11 mission called the attention of the French consul
