254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
appropriation is, he will spend what is necessary.
And here is the result.
I thank the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] for calling the attention of the com-
mittee to this point, and I concur with him in
thinking that if we are ever to assert a proper con-
trol over the purse-strings of the Government;
if we are ever to be anything else than a rcfere
chamber for registering the executive edicts, now
is the time to assert the principle.
Mr. LANE. If the committee will alloy/ me,
I wish to place the gentleman right in some of his
views. Now, in relation to bringing the Indians
upon the reservations, I will say to my friend that
X have had a little experience in that matter. To
collect and get the Indians upon the reserves was
a very difficult matter to accomplish. When cers
tain tribes would come in, and agree to go upon
the reserves, a small band of them would always
be found who would refuse to go, and would take
themselves off to the mountains, and give the set-
tlements much trouble. This has been the source
of very great annoyance to the country, yet the
system of collecting the Indians has been pursued
until these scattering parties have nearly all been
brought in, and aie now quietly located with the
others.
I will say to my friend that a small party of
XJmpqua warriors (three in number) and thoir
families who had refused to come in and go
upon the reserve, told the agent in the last talk
he had with them, that they would make war as
long as a white man lived. They went into their
mountain fastnesses where it was impossible to
find them, and for eighteen months these three
Indians committed depradations amounting to
thousands of dollais. They burned barns, houses,
and killed horses and cattle in gieat numbers, and
shot at people by the way side; and just before I
was ready to come to this cay, they came into
my neighborhood and killed a gang of hoises be-
longing to an old, esteemed friend and neighbor
of mine, who could not go after them. 1 raised
a party and followed them for thirty-five days,
and in addition to my own labors, I hired a party
of friendly Indians, without whose assistance we
never could have secured them. I spent my own
money, for which I never made any charge, and
never intend to; but I had the satisfaction of catch-
ing a portion of those Indians in the mountains,
surprising them in their camp, and finally bring-
ing them all to the reserve, where they are now
quietly living, and will continue to do so if the
House will only appropriate this small amount
of money for the purpose of their subsistence,
until they can raise enough to subsist themselves.
The committee know the expense of collecting
the Indians upon the reserves; of erecting the
buildings; of fencing in the farms. That portion
of the service has been accomplished, and the cul-
tivation of their fauns has been going on. Con-
tinue your appropiiaiions to them two years
longer, and they will raise sufficient to subsist
themselves. With this explanation I hope the
committee will at once vote the amount necessary,
and let us hear no more about Oregon.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman how long these reserves have been es-
tablished, and to what extent they have been oc-
cupied r
Mr. LANE. They were commenced in 1855,
and in 3857 they erected the first farm. For a
year or two, they have not raised enough to sub-
sist themselves; but this year they have large
ci ops of wheat, and, it may be, will be able to pro-
vide for their own subsistence.
Mr. SMITH, of Vnginia. Does the gentleman
know of any reservation, either 111 Oregon or Cal-
ifornia, that is self-sustaining ?
Mr. LANE. I have nothing to do with Cal-
ifornia. i am satisfied, however, that the lesei-
vations in Oregon will be srlf-sustaining in a few
years; perhaps by the next year.
Mr. SMITH, of Vnginia. I do not intend to
take ground against the gentleman's statement,
for I have no personal knowledge of those reser-
vations; but I will say that I think it is true that,
to a great extent, the reservation system has been
a serious detriment to the agricultural interests
of California. The civilized Indians theie were
the laborers of the country. The raucheros de-
pended upon them. The ranches were occupied
by them. The old padres of the missions had
brought them into subjection. They were, as I
have said, the agricultural labor of the country.
When we conquered that country, and since we
have established the reservation system there, I
presume there has not been, nor is there, a reser-
vation which is not a heavy charge upon the Gov-
ernment. Sir, the persons engaged in the man-
agement of these Indians have a wide and splendid
field for emolument and specufation.
Mr. SCOTT. The remarks of the gentleman,
in regard to the laboring Indians of California,
are applicable only to what arc known as the mis-
sion or civilized Indians, constituting about one
fifth of the total number of the Indians of Cali-
fornia—some forty or fifty thousand in all.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am aware that
there are two descriptions of Indians in Califor-
nia, as I suppose there are in Oregon; but of that
I am not advised. In California, the civilized
Indians, as they arc called—made so by the mis-
sion establishments—were, in turn, the laborers
who contributed to their support and of the pop-
ulation at large. They constituted the herdsmen
of the country; and to the extentof their loss, the
laboring material of California has suffered. As
to the wild Indians, the gentleman from Califor-
nia knows well enough that the country is ample,
and will support them, as it has supported them,
as they have lived for hundreds of years. But
the whole system which has been introduced has
been, in my opinion, prejudicial to the real in-
terests of that State, and of the country. It has
been a heavy tax upon the resources of the coun-
try. Sir, fortunes are made in the operations
under it, and fortunes will be made while it is
maintained. Many an operation has been carried
on by those who are engaged in the manage-
ment of these Indians. They have made the res-
ervation system tributary to their own emolu-
ments and trcasuie.
In my opinion, Mr. Chairman, there would
have been no war if the whites had remained
within proper limits. It is the spirit of aggres-
sion of the white population upon the Indian ter-
ritories, 1 maintain, that has brought all the dif-
ficulties with the Indians upon us. And will
gentlemen say that these Indian reservations will
be exempted from this spirit? No, sir. Have
we not seen otherwise? Have not eastern Indians
been settled, year after year, in localities which
they have had to abandon? Does the gentleman
suppose that in Ohio an Indian reservation would
be allowed to be occupied by them when white
men pressed round and demanded it? If a gold
mine were found in an Indian leservation, would
it be respected or regarded ? No, sir; the armies
of the United States might be ordered to protect
these reservations, but those armies would be dis-
regarded by the men who would go upon them,
come, weal, come woe. They would, if no other
ultimatum were left, drive the Indians oil'; arid
perhaps that would be the best way to dispose of
them, for such is the inevitable destiny that awaits
them. The system we have inaugurated is rather
a contrivance for the benefit of the superintend-
ent's of our own race, than for the benefit of the
race it is said we are to protect.
There are many things which I cannot now go
into, but which I should like to. I need not tell
gentlemen that the Indians are continually im-
posed upon. They may not be in all cases; but,
perhaps, there are many cases gentlemen could
name if it were not against their neighbors. I
will pass that by. I have made these remarks
for the reason that I am one of those who are not
in favor of the appropriation of money for public
objects which, in no event, can lead toanyiesult-
ing public benefit. I am especially against defi-
ciencies; which, as my colleague has well said,
are but the contrivance of subordinate officers
piactically to legislate for the country. If we are
to go on, year after year, in violation of all the
notions of frugality taught us in the early days of
the Republic, and foot the bills of officials who say
they will spend, not what wg think proper, but
what they shall deem proper, what power is left
us, the Representatives of the people, over the
puisc-strings of the country?
I will say that the public agent who would
transcend the appropriation confided tohischarge,
ought to be dismissed with the brand of the public
indignation upon him, one especially that would
prevent him from being afterward employed upon
the public service. I would allow no man to un-
dertake to say that he will disburse money which
this Government has not authorized him to ex-
pend, unless under extraordinary circumstances.
I do not wish subordinate officers to be the judge.
I wish that we shall judge and not they. But I
see that it is one of the crying evils of the age.
It is one of the deepest outrages upon constitu-
tional right and liberty to call upon us year after
year to supply the deficiencies created under cir-
cumstances calculated to justify suspicions of ihe
fidelity and the integrity out of which they have
originated. I say that it is ouv duty to put a
stop to it, and I say that it is the duty of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of this House never
to countenance such a departure from the law
under any circumstance whatsoever. If I were on
the Committee of Ways and Means I would pro-
vide payment of no such deficiencies. I would
recommend that they should be disregarded. I
would hold agents of the Government responsible
personally to the extent of their private fortunes,
i would teach them all that there is no safety in
transcending the law which they are all sworn to
support. Hence it is that I would vote against
all deficiencies; and hence it is that I would sup-
port the most rigid policy of economy here if one
could be inaugurated. Hence it is that in such
policy we can see the only way in which the
Treasury of the United States can be protected
against outside influences and usurpations of au-
thority in derogation of the Constitution, and the
rights of the Repiesentatives of the people here
assembled.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Chairman, the policy of
the Government in regard to the Indians is fixed
by treaty and by law, and we are not now to
change it, or to inquire whet her it is right or wrong.
We have simply to decide whether certain sums of
money, ptoposud to be appropriated, are necessary
to carry it out. The executive branch of the Gov-
ernment, in pursuance of its duty, lays before the
House the facts of the case, and on these facts
predicates certain conclusions. I am unable to
perceive in this any invasion of the constitutional
rights of the Representatives of the people, who
hold the purse-strings of the nation and grant sup-
plies. With all the commentaries on facts pre-
sented by gentlemen, and with their inferences
founded on these facts, will they change any of
these facts, or invalidate any of the reasons
given by the-Executive officers? Why, the gen-
tleman trom Ohio [Mr. Stanton] has said that
it ought to be a matter of impeachment for the
Executive, or an executive officer, to exceed an
appropriation in his expenditure. Well, that
gentleman is a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives. The House of Representatives holds
in its hands tlio impeaching power. Why does
not that gentleman propose articles of impeach-
ment against the delinquent public functionary?
The fact that he does not, while he continually
talks about impeachment, misht lead one to sus-
pect that he is not altogether sincere when he
says it is a matter for impeachment. I see no
invasion of the constitutional rights of this House,
in the fact that information is communicated here
on which we are called to act. Let us look at the
facts which are presented. If they are true, let
us draw our inferences, and decide for ourselves,
whether or not the appropriation is proper or
improper.
It is the duty of the executive branch of the
Government to furnish us with information.
Having done that, the remainder rests with us.
We aie not bound by the recommendation of the
Executive.
Now, the only question before the committee
is this. Aie these sums of money that are asked
for, necessary to carry out the object which this
Government has, wisely or unwisely, assumed,
with these Indians, by treaty stipulations and
by law. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
| Garnett] says it is the first time he ever heard
of enabling a people to support themselves by
Government taking on itself the work of support-
ing them. He docs not state the case fairly. The
Government has already assumed the duty of
supporting these people; and the question before
the committee is, what is the most economical
method of extending to them that support ? I am
not at all familiar with the details of these esti-
mates. The only thing I see about them is this:
that the appropriation heretofore made was short
of the mark. Certainly no gentleman can bring
it as a charge against the executive branch of the
