1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1387
least equivalent to all that can be extracted from any two
of the most robust of the African race.
" The mode of proceeding proposed for the attainment of
their object by the economists of Cuba throws more light
than could be easily obtained through any other channel on
the moral, intellectual, apd physical condition of the island.
Although they have before them the example of the sister
island of Poito Rico, whose staple productions of sugar
and coffee have long been successfully cultivated by the
white descendants of the original colonists; and although
Cuba contains a greater number of white inhabitants than
all the other islands of the Archipelago together; ft is only
by the importation of white laborers from the Canaries,
that the proposed object is to ho attained.
"Nay, while it is admitted that the whole of the field-
labor can be sufficiently perfouned by white men, it is held
that negro assistance is necessary in the'interior of the in-
genfo. This necessity is assumed, partly from the custom,
invariable in Cuba, and hence thought indispensable, of
keeping the mill and the boilers incessantly at work ftom
the commencement of the crop-season till the fast of the
canes are cut down ; and partly, also, from a very natural
mistake, that a negro can support, better than a white man.
a high artificial, as well as a high natural, temperature.
The reverse has been completely demonstrated on board
the British Government steamers on duty within the tropics,
where it was for some time supposed that negro stokers
could be employed more advantageously, and at less risk
to their healib than to that of the white men long accus-
tomed .to the duty in a colder climate.
" The experience of several years has completely proved
that an African constitution is not so well suited as that of
a European to withstand the heat of the furnace, or, rather,
the frequent alternations of heat and cold to which the
stoker of a steamboat, and the fireman and boilerman of an
ingenio (or engine) are equally exposed. When ir is found
that the fires can be extinguished, and the boilers suffered
to cool during the night, without disadvantage, and that the
heat of the furnace is, comparatively, not so detrimental to
the white man as to the negro, some change will doubtless
take place in the views of the patiiots and philanthropists
of Cuba, as to the necessity of employing negroes—either
in a state of slavery or freedom—in the'interiorof the sugar-
houses. This matter is better understood in the English
islands, where the white man's chief danger is supposed to
consist m application to any active employment under a
vertical sun.
" The prize essay of Don Pedro Jos^Morillas, which was
crowned by the Royal Patriotic Society with the patent of
socio de merito) contains many interesting suggestions as to
the substitution of the labor of white freemen for that of
negro slaves. He contends that the extreme cheapness of
African labor is the sole cause why the white inhabitants
of the West Indies have, by the mere disuse and want of
exercise, lost a large proportion of their physical force. He
denies, however, that the debility, arising from inaction, is
so general as it is so commonly supposed to be. The young
men, born and bred in the interior districts of the island, are
so well foimedand lobust as to be able to withstand the ex-
treme heat of the dog-days and the cold of winter, which is
not unknown m Ctvba, with no other covering but the light
linen vest which they wear all the year round. Fiftm sun
to sun these men will make a journey of twenty leagues, on
  foot, without being worn out by the heat, or impeded by the
suddenly swollen rivers, and with no encouragement to pro-
ceed but their cup of coffee and their cigar. Their dfcss is a
linen shirt and pantaloons, a straw hat, and shoes of the un-
tanned leather of the country. They carry, besides, a ham-
mock and a single change of dress, which, with a sword
and a long knifr at then giulle, complete their equipment.
When surprised by nightfall, they enter the nearest thicket
and hang then hammock between two tiees, where, after
smoking their cigar, they sleep soundly till awakened by
the &ong of birds, the cry of wild animals, and other sounds
which serve, in a thinly-peopled country, to intimate the ap-
proach of day. Yet these men show .no signs of weak-
ness, and live to a good old age. On such grounds, Sefior
Morillas concludes that the (white) young men of the Hav-
ana need nothing but the habitual exorcise of their mus-
cular powers to enable them to rival, in activity, the Peon
de tierra dentro.
It is the presence of slavery which, in the Island of
Cuba, as in every other country where it exists, throws
eveiy sort of personal exertion iyto discredit. Because la-
bor is the lot of slavery, the pride of the freeman isalaimed
lest the line of demarkation should not be broad enough be-
tween him and the slave; and he therefore abstains from
working altogether.
" If the sun of the tropies be less friendly to physical ex-
ertion than the climate of the temperate zones, it afFoid-sat
leastsome compensation by fertilizing the soil and multiply-
ing the crops which may be reaped from it. ft is, moreover,
a well-known fact, thai, in the Wand of Cuba, men of color
are very rarely employed m,the vvoik of cutting down the
timber; and yetit will leadily be admitted that, to fell with
a hatchet a full-grown mahogany u e6, is a task as aiduous
as most of those to winch tiie ordinary field laboier is op-
posed. In some districts of the island, the Jsleao from the
Canaries, and the Gallego fiom the north of Spain, niny be
The truth is, that sugar and other tropical pro-
ductions produced by slave labor, are produced
at a very great waste. Scientific improvements,
new raodes of manufacture, are introduced where
ftp white labor prevails, as is seen in France and
Germany, and as alluded to in an article to which
I desire soon to call attention. Now, sir, I say
that when you consider the suffering of the black
race, so powerfully and eloquently depicted by
the Senator from Louisiana,  n Cuba, in the man-
ufacture of sugar, almost any man of ordinary
humanity would say that if sugar could not fie
produced in any other manner, the human race
had far better abandon its use; the luxury and
comfort gained from sugar would not compensate,
in the mind of any man of humanity, not to speak
of an American Senator, for the indescribable
suffering which, the Senator from Louisiana in-
forms us, in the course of a few years, actually
destroys the whole black race in Cuba. That is
too expensive. No man of humanity could de-
sire to continue the manufacture of sugar in such
a manner. Why, sir, there is, in the manufac-
ture of sugar, a process of filtration through ani-
mal carbon—which is bone reduced to a carbona-
ceous substance by calcination in a closed vessel.
That process is found to be a very useful improve-
ment, but it could not for a while be carried out,
because of the very great expense; the calcined
bones being very soon rendered useless; until
there was discovered what was called, technically,
a mode of revivification, by which the animal car-
bon could be restored to its former value. But
when you use the human sinew, and human
muscle, and human bone in tliis way, there is no
revivification; you cannot restore ihem; you de-
stroy the whole race in less than Regeneration,
and are obliged to supply the places of the dead
from the coast of Africa. 1 say, any man of or-
dinary humanity, in listening to the description
of the Senator from Louisiana, would say the
whole world had better abandon the use of such
a luxury than to attain it at such a price. That,
however, is not necessary; our philanthropy is
driven to no such point. If the Island of Cuba
were to-day annihilated, the manufacture of Mt-
gar would scarcely be diminished after the lapse
of a few years.
I have before me an article in De Bow's Review,
written, I think, by the Senator from Louisiana.
I judge so partly from its style and partly because
it bears all the marks of his ability, and is signed
with his initials—J. P. B. I have not asked the
Senator whether he wrote it; but I believe he did.
[Mr. Benjamin assented.] In this article, he in-
forms us of the improvements in the machinery
and modes of manufacture adopted in France, and
resulting from free labor. The Senator himself
states enough to justify me in saying that, if Cuba
were out of existence, this country and the world
would have, from other sources, a sufficient supply
of sugar, and in a very short time. He says:
"The extent to which the production of sugar can be
carried in Louisiana is appreciated but by few ; but tlio.-e
who reflect on the subject, and who fee! an interest in all
that concerns the prosperity of our State, foresee, with ex-
ultation, tiie day not far distant, when boundless tracts, now
covered by the primeval forest, shall team with plenteous
hairests of the cane; when nearly every plantation shall
be a manufactory of refined sugar, supplying not only Ike
wants of our own country, but lorming a large item in our
annual exports ; when, in a word, the industry and enter-
prise of our population shnll'succeed in developing, to their
lull extent, the resources which a bounteous Providence
iias lavished on this favored land."—De Bow's Review, vol.
2, pages 344, 343.
Ought we, then, to perpetuate slavery in Cuba,
j under such a terrible state of things, that, accord-
! ing to the Senator's own showing, almost tlieen-
1 tiro civilized world would rather abandon the use
seen bent down at this employment from the dawn of day :j of sugar, could it be produced in no other way,
♦ ill —.J   l ■       ' it l n . •  *
till sunset, without experiencing any bad consequences
from it. The smiths and the carpenter of the island are, in
like manner, almost all white men; but although it is not
uncommon in Europe fox a soldiei to sink oil the march, a
similar failure, if we may believe the best informed inhab-
itants, is seldom heard of, either among the troops or the
while tiadesmen of Cuba.
"Compare the labor of cutting down the eaohas, the chicll-
arrones, and the quiehra-haelias, literally the broak-hatch-
ets of the country, or the less laborious employment of the
carpenter at Ins bench, or the smith at his aiivil. with tiie
planting and cutting down of tiie sugat cane, and you will
probably find that the balance is greatly in faver of an em-
ployment on which disgrace and discredit have been thrown
tiy tile exclusive application to it of the labor of slaves.
Sugar, it has been seen, can b<! cultivated successfully by
white men in Poito Itico; and there is noUung in the
climate of Porto Rico to distinguish it from that of the islands
in its neighborhood."
and when, too, he tells us that sugar enough can
be raised under the patriarchal system that pre-
vails in Louisiana ? I will not speak now of white
labor; I will not speak of free labor; I will not
speak of the manner in which sugar is raised in
other free-countries; but the Senator informs us
that the institution, as it now exists in Louisiana,
can not only supply the wants of Louisiana and
of this country, but supply a large annual export
to the rest of the world. Then, we may allow
Cuba to pursue its own course; we may allow the
cultivation of tropical products to be abandoned
there, if the world will not suffer in consequence.
I find, also, in this article, that the Senator inti-
mates that it might be advantageous to have some
white'people, who know a little more than the
blacks, to carry on the manufacture of sugar. In
fact, the whole tenor of his argument shows that
for the cultivation of sugar, you require intelli-
gent, cultivated, skillful, and I might almost say
free labor. It is very true, that it is claimed by
many there is a portion of the work that cannot
very well be accomplished by white labor; but
when you take the whole manufacture together,
you find skill and ingenuity necessary.
There are othflr modes in which sugar can be
raised. How is sugar produced m France? You
would suppose, from hearing the Senator from
Louisiana, that if Cuba were out of the way, we
should actually suffer for want of this luxury.
There was a time when, under the colonial sys-
tem of Great Britain, under the system she pur-
sued of cutting off all trade with Prance, that
country was deprived entirely of the use of sugar.
Her trade with the sugar-growing countries was
entirely destroyed; and what resource did Napo-
leon adopt ? He at once introduced the manufac-
ture of sugar from the beet root, and it has grown
now to be one of the greatest interests in Europe,
and is pursued extensively in France, Germany,
Russia, and Poland. All over Europe the people
are supplied with sugar, in a great measure, from
their own labor. It would be so in a short time
here, if it were not triie that Louisiana is able to
supply the world; and we have been willing to
give them all the protection they have asked.
It seems, then, that this argument addressed to
the physical comfort of the people of this coun-
try, that they need to acquire Cuba for the sake
of increasing their luxuries to this extent, is en-
tirely fallacious. If you wish to cheapen sugar,
there is a direct mode of doing it—just strike off
your duty. Will .the Senator from Louisiana
propose to do that? I think he will find no'very
great objections to it on this side of the House.
That is an effectual mode by which sugaj- may be
cheapened; but it is entirely fallacious to argue
that it is necessary, in order to supply the people
of this country witb this luxury, that we should
perpetuate compulsory labor in Cuba. There is
no such necessity; if there were, our people would
never consent that it should be done through their
responsibility. It is too high a price to pay.
Having attempted to dispose of that portion of
the subject, I now come to another branch. I
will state another objection which, it seems to
me, may be made with great force to the present
acquisition of Cuba, supposing that it might.be
acquired in the manner pointed out by this bill.
I allude to the character, the habits, and the pecu-
liaritiesof the people inhabiting that island. What
do we propose to do? We do not propose to take
them as acolony, to be governed by a proconsul,
• by a vtccroy. We do not propose to take them
in any other manner than as one or more sover-
eign States of this Union; and, when we do so,
we must guaranty to them republican institutions, -
and, for the first time in all our history, we shall
find the duty of guarantying republican institu-
tions a very arduous work. Are these people fit
to comdfcito our Government as equals.' What
makes a people fit for free government? I take it
thatfree institutions, such institutions as ours,are
not a cause, but an effect. They are produced by
the character of the people previously; they do
not create the people. Our people, with the char-
acter they already possess, created our institutions.
Our institutions did not cieate the people. They
practiced self-government long before those self-
evident truths were pronounced by Mr. Jefferson
in the Declaration of Independence. That was no
new discovery. The State of Connecticut, the
State of Massachusetts, and other States, were
perfectly well prepared by long practice, which
had continued from generation to generation, and
had become hereditary, for free institutions; and,
at this very day, if you were to shatter this Union
into its original elements, the State of Connecticut,
the State of Massachusetts, and, perhaps, every
other State, could go on with its government pre-
cisely as it now does, because they are all prac-
ticed in self-government. The sovereignty which
I, in part, represent, went on for more than one
hundred years before the Revolution, and h^s now
been practicing self-government fof two hundred
years;-and never had a Governor who was riot
chosen by itself. We*never had a royai Governor
Such were the people who established our insti-
tutions. The people made -the institutions, not
