1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
- the institutions the people. Now, let us look at
these people of Cuba. What kind of institutions
can they establish or sustain? Mr. Clay, in his
firstletteron this subject,to which I alluded,gives
his opinion in regard to their fitness for self-gov-
ernment. He
"The population of the islands is incompetent at pres-
_ent, from its composition and its amount, to maintain self-
government."
That waa the opinipn of Mr. Clay, in 1825.
Have they improved since? I^oubt it. The dif-
ficulty is in the race. All southern Senators claim
that the black portion of that population are unfit
for self-government, and they constitute a large
proportion. How is it with the'whites? They
are not, of our race. They are of a race which
has never yet succeeded with self-government. In
considering this subject, a comparison has been
sometimes made with tire annexation of Florida
and Louisiana. In Louisiana there were scarcely
any people; in Florida there were not many; and
at this very day, they send no Spaniards here to
represent them in the Senate. They send men
with good Anglo-Saxon names, ana with good
§axon blood running in their veins. Those peo-
ple never vpere a foreign people. That was not
the annexation of a foreign country, although it
has been spoken of sometimes as if it were. It
was the annexation, for the most part, of virgin
soil, not peopled; and therefore from that no
analogy can be drawn.
But what are these people ? I have here a short
description of their character, to show you that
they are totally unfit to come into the Union to-
day as citizens of a republican government. They
are more unfit than any nation of Europe; far
more so than Spain at this moment. We sup-
pose that certain notions of individual equality
are necessary to prepare a people for self-govern-
ment. They should exist beforehand, as they
did exist here in the early settlement of our coun-
try. Notions of individual liberty and personal
freedom, existed long before the Declaration of
Independence. Is there anything of that kind in
the Island of Cuba? Let us see what the state of
society is there. I read from the same book to
which I before referred, Turnbull's Cuba, page
-49:
u The distinction of ranks among the various classes of
socicty is as carelully kepi tip in Cuba as in the mo^t au-
tocratic countries in the Old World The fast includes the
resident grandees of Spam, of whom there are about thirty;
the Tituloa of Castile, loembhng as neaily as possible the
anomalous rank of ttmom-t of England, and the IJaccuda-
dos, or landed gentry of tins island. Next after them come
the Eniplfados, or civil functionaries in the public offices,
of whom, at the Havana alone, theie aio said to be one
thousand; and on the same level with these gentlemen
may be placed the otlieers of the atmy and navy. The
merchant's .Spmish, cieole, or foreign, hold only the
thtrd place in the order of precedency. Aftei ihem come
their clerics, Fronch, English, Nouh Ameucan,or Geunan;
Huch of them as come trom tiputii being chielly Gaditana.
Retail meiehants and Miopkeepei.s hold a still lower station;
thev come in genera! from the Canaries, Catalonia, Biscay,
or North America. The (Jallego*, like our own Irish labor-
ers, occupy the lowest place in the social scale ; the col-
ored and negio race being tabooed altogether The emi-
grants fiom old Spam arid the Canaries, hut especially the
Catalans and (Jallego^, with then descendants, may be con-
sidered a permanent addition to the populatx^b but lor
signers, who geneiully come as eleiks and depait lib mei-
chutiiji, take root but larely.'"
That is the state of society in Cuba at this day.
Ranks areas well settled and established there |'
as they are in any country of Europe. There is 1
no notion of personal equality there. The great
self-evident truth " thatail men are created equal"
has never been discovered thuic. Do you sup-
pose you can force it on them by bringing them
into this country? Surely not in one generation. j|
But the Senator from Louisiana, in his report, >
gives us rather a different picture of the state of i
the island in that rcspeot. lie says:
u The feeling of ea-tc or ince is as marked in Cuba as in |;
the United States, The white ciuole is a« tiee from all J
taint of African blood as the descendant of the Goth on the j
plains of Castile. There i* a numerous white peasanriy,
biave, robust, boher, and honest, not yet, peihaps, prepared |'
intelligently to discharge all the duties or iho citizen of a :
free lepubhc, but who, fiom hismgamzation, physical and j1
mentals is capable of beimr elevated by culture to the same !
level with the educated Cubans, who, as a class, arc as ie- j ■
fined, wetj-informed, and fitted foi helf-goveiniiieiitas men t'
of any class of any nation can be who have not inhaled '
with then breath the atmosphere of freedom. |'
'• Man> of them, accompanied by tlieir families, are to be ;
met with <n'f*iy summer at our cities and watering places, ,
ob.-eiving and appreciating the working of our form of gov-
ernment and its marvelous results; many seeking, until the ,
arrival of more auspicious days, an asylum from the op- :
presston that has driven them from their honuv; while |
hundreds of their youtl'ri ja our schools and colleges are 1 ■
acquiring our language, and fitting themselves hereafter, it
is to be hoped at no distant day, to play a distinguished part
in their own legislative halls, or in the councils of the na-
tion."
I have had" the honor of seeing some of those
distinguished men, and, no doubt, they are men
of very high characters; but they are the thirty
grandees who are described in the book from
which I read. 1 have seen them, at a distance,
at the watering-places alluded to by the hon-
; orable Senator; and while their behavior has
['certainly been gentlemanly and "proper, I could
| never see that their studies were mucli occupied
. in " observing and appreciating the working of
! our form of government," and studying its prin-
, ciples and details m order to reduce it to practice
! in their own country. That picture drawn by
! the Senator from Louisiana is, by far, too flatter-
j ing to the people of Cuba, as regards their fitness
! for self-government.
Now, I shall assume that the people of Cuba
; are very similar to the Spanish people. In point
of fact they are of Spanish descent, Spanish blood,
I and Spanish culture. They are no better than
S the people of Spain to-day. I have before me a
i book, written by a very eminent scholarand gen-
| tleman, which is a standard work, I think, upon
the subject of the character of the people of Spain,
i I know it was so some years ago, and I do not
; know of anything on the subject that has been
1 written better since. It is entitled, " A year in
! Spain, by a young American, A. Slidell Mac-
kenzie." He gives us his views on the subject of
1 the fitness of the Spanish people for self-govern-
ment. He says:
i( Never have those much abused word?, liberty and civ-
, ili/,atiou, buen ^ often invoked in the cause of persecution
and muider, sis* the Spam of om day. The liberals have
far outstupped the fanatics who preceded them, in the pei-
petiation ot injustice and inhumanity. They have been
more fanatical than the fanatics themselves,and fanatical
against religion ; clemency is usually found to accompany
powei ; hut the Spanish liberals have all the ferocity*of
weakness and vacillation. The sacredness ol life, libcity,
and piopcrty, is equally dissegaided by them. If they let the
; tongues of the multitude wag more freely than before, still
it is only after one fashion. It was the liberals of Spain
who fust began the slaughter of pusoners m cold blood, and
iffcthe name of civilization ; it was they who first denied to
! the gentler sex its immunities."
' He sums up in these words:
j "The beauty of aGovernment is not wholly intiinsic. It
I consists of us adaptability lo the peculiar condition, habits,
ami manners of the people who Jive under it. Our form of
, Government is beautiful, not metely in itself, but because
it hasstiong foundations in our national cbaidctei,in the
love of oidor and sense of piobitj' bequeathed to us. by our
lititish ancestois, lti the condition of property, m the hab-
its of self-government, as old as the era ot our origin as
colonies, and in universal intelligence, iosteung and fos-
tered by the system under winch we live. The same Gov-
ernment, excellent and beautiful, as it is admitted to be,
without other modification than occurred in translating the
document which embodied its precepts ftoui one language
into anothei, has been adopted by Mexico and other Span-
ish Amencan States, mematurcly severed by revolution
Horn theii parent stater What have been the consequen-
ces ? Have they been order, security of life and property,
. the supremacy of the law, the lapid development of the
national lesourees i Not at all. They have been anarchy
one day, followed by tmhtaiy dc-potr-m the next, and an-
archy and military despotism again, until the woild has
ceased to be attentive io the oft-iepeated intelligence of
war's and revolutions. And so it would be with Spain, with
a lbim of government borrowed fiom England."
So it would be with Cuba, with a form of govern-
ment borrowed from this country. The difficulty
with Mexico and the nations of South America,
who have ttied this experiment, has been m the.
character of the race. 1 doubt whether the race is
capable of self-government. You see what Mr.
Clay thought of the power of those Governments
in the first, instance, lie thought Colombia and
Mexico were so powerful that we should make a
treaty with them to guaranty CubatoSpain against
all the world. Now they make a new government
in Mexico as often as the Democratic party in this
country makes a new platform. A new constitu-
tion is made there quite as frequently. Suppose
you attempt to establish a republican government
in Cuba: what will be the result? Both the Sen-
ators from Louisiana and others seem to think
you have only to carry our institutions there, and
then you will have a republican form of govern-
ment at once. I say to you you will find it neces-
sary to enfotce it; you will find it necessary to
guaranty and defend it, and it will require all the
efforts of your Government to do it. You never
can establish it in spirit, though you maydo it m
form. The bribery and corruption that prevail
there now will prevail in their elections. You will
have wprse than violent re volutions, you will have
deep-seated ddrruption at the foundation of'all
your attempts to establish republicanism, and in
that way you may throw disgrace over the very
name. I do not think it best for us to force that
people, in their present condition, to corfie under
our form of government. It would be no blessing
to them, and certainly would be none to us.
But, sir, there is another consideration arising
out oflthe enormous expense proposed. I do not
speak now of the $150,000,000, or more, to be
paid for the island; because that would be a small
proportion of the ultimate expense. But suppose
it cost that sum: there is th'e interest on that
money; then, there is the expense of sustaining
and establishing a government in Cuba. The
Spaniards find it necessary to keep twenty-live or
thirty thousand troops there for some purpose.
It certainly is not to prevent the slave trade. I
doubt very much whether it is entirely to keep
down the Creoles. I am afraid that it is to keep
down the blacks. There are some three or four
hundred thousand free blacks there to-day; and I
am apprehensive that, if the troops were removed,
you would find repeated the scenes which have
been described by the Senator from Florida this
morning. But, suppose we could get along with
ten thousand troops: if they should cost us as
much as our troops in this country do—and prob-
ably they would cost quite as much, if not more
—there would be an expense of $10,000,000 a
year. That, addod to your other expenses, would
make over twenty million dollars a year. If you
follow this measure out, in all its ramifications,
you will find that the expenses of the Government
will be increased in every imaginable degree.
When I say this, I do not speak merely of the bare
expendituie of the money. That is an evil, but is
comparatively a small consideration. You cannot
pay out large sums of money from the Govern-
ment without producing deep-seated corruption.
That is the greatdanger. You destroy, subvert,
the whole character of your republican institu-
tions. There is no Senator here who does not
know perfectly well that every public and private
vice follows in the train of prodigality. I am sur-
prised when I see southern gentlemen, who are
the advocates of economy, not for the bare sake
of money-saving, but because they wish to pre-
serve our Government in its original purity; Sen-
ators who claim to have somewhat of the feeling
of the Madisonian era, of the Jeffersonian era,
and even of the Washingtonian era, now willing
to submit this Government to the trial of such a
vast increase of its patronage and its expenditure.
If there is anything from which we have cause to
fear, it is from the vastly-increasing amount of
the patronage and expenditure of the General
Government. In extending our limits at home
within the two oceans, we must necessarily ex-
tend these expenses; but, when we go abroad to
take in a foreign country, of different habits and
different races, and attempt to force on them re-
publican institutions, we cannot but cause a vastly
increased expenditure; and the consequences
which I have named will most certainly follow.
It is said that the people of the North ought to
be in favor of the acquisition of Cuba, and the
people of New England particularly, because it
will extend their tiade. I have to say for the
people of my own State, that while they are de-
sirous, so far as can properly be done, of extend-
ing nil those advantages, they wish to reap no
advantage by the extension of their trade at the
expense of the true principles of this Govern-
ment. They claim to b& no more patriotic than
other States, but I do not think they can be in-
fluenced by this argument that their trade is to
be extended, and that they ought, therefore, to
consent to a proposition which violates the prin-
ciples of our Government. They claim only to
walk with equal steps, with other States, in the
path of patriotism, but they do not desire to ad-
vance their material interests at the expense of
principle*. If they had any such desire, 1 think
they might possibly do well to inquire, if they
look at ife merely in respect to the material advant-
age to be gained, whether they will receive any
very great advantage by bringing into this'Union
four Senators and eight Representatives at least,
who will be, by position and by connection, op-
posed to all their dearest interests? I think they
might very well consider that, if they were to
regard the mere question of advantage.
The Senator from Florida closed his remarks
