THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1859.
New Series No.'17:.;
Mr. HAMMOND presented the memorial of
Lu^ien Peyronnet, of Charleston, South Caro-
lina, praying that he may be authorized to locate
certain bounty land warrants, issued under the
act of Congress of 11th February, 1847; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. KING presented the petition of citizens
of New York, praying that the public lands may
be laid out io farms, for the free and exclusive use
of actual settlers; which was ordered to He on the
table.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of Tay-
lor &. Maury and others, of Washington, District
of Columbia, praying for authority to construct
a railroad from Georgetown, along Pennsylvania
avenue, to the navy-yard in that city; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
He also presented the petition of William
Honeywell, postmaster at Miamiville, Kansas,
praying the establishment of a mail route from
Paola to West Point, on the Missouii State line;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GREEN presented the memorial of Wil-
liam Rees, praying permission to locate fifteen
thousand acres of public lands, in a body, for the
establishment of a normal settlement; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WARD presented the petition of Adolphus
Glaevecke, praying for indemnity for mules and
horses illegally seized at Brownsville, in October,
1851, by the United States marshal; which was
refened to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BIGLER. I have been requested to pre-
sent the memorial of Lawrence Myers, setting
forth that in May, 1858, he made a contract to fur-
nish certain water pipes. The contract required
him to perform it, to its full extent, early in Octo-
ber. Hesets forth,also, thatthe contract required
that the engineer-m-chief should furnish the pat-
terns and specimens and directions, in order that
the work might progress in due course of time.
He alleges thatthe pattern^ were not furnished up
to the time his contract expired by its own limi-
tation ; that the con tract was annulled; that he was,
therefore, a large sufferer, and claims damages
at the hands of the Government. I ask the refer-
ence of the memorial to the Committee on Claims.
It was so referred.
■PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Samuel Ciapin, on the files
of the Senate, be refWrcd to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered, That the pymion of Simeon Goiron. on the files
of the Senate, he rWencd to the Committee oil Claims.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Finance be discharged
fiom the fuither cons'doiation of the lull (S. No. 4T ) ati-
thon7iri«? the removal of the office? belonging to the United
State#., and occupied by tne collector of the revenue, in con-
nection witli the quarantine station in the port of New York,
and that it be refeired to tiie Committee on Commeiee.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
470) amendatory of existing laws relating to the
punishment of certain crimes against the United
States, have instructed me to report it back with
amendments. If there be no objection, as T ap-
prehend there will be none, I ask that the bill be
acted on at tins time.
Mr. GREEN. I notified the Senator in com-
mittee that I should certainly object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it cannot be considered at this time.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was refeiTed a memmialof the
Legislature of Minnesota,"king indemnity for
ceitam expenditures by that State, reported ad-
versely thereon.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous consent
17
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 491) to
authorize the issuance of patents for lands entered
under the graduation act; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 66) authorizing the Postmaster
General to adjust the accounts of Peay & Ayliff,
for carrying the mail on route No. 7503, in the
State of Arkansas; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SHIELDS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a biZi (S. No.
494) to secure title to the settlers upon the Kan-
sas half-breed tract, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affans.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consentobtamed, leave to introduce ^ bill (S. No.
492) to amend " An Act for the punishment of
crimes in the District of Columbia,3> approved
March 2, 1831; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to give notice to
the Senate that on Monday next, or on some
early day thereafter, I shall ask the Senah , in the
morning hour, to take up the bill reported from
the Committee on Claims at the last session, de-
claratory of the acts for carrying info effect the
ninth aiticle of the treaty of 1819  between the
United States and Spain;and I do so because there
is a very elaborate report made from the Com-
mittee on Claims, which I very mm-ii desire Sen-
ators to read. It contains all the evidence in sup-
port of this bill, and such an aigument I believe
as will sustain it before the Senate without occu-
pying its time. If Senators, therefore, will give
their attention to report No. 25$, the piobabdity
is, if the bill should be taken up, that the diacuy-
ston will be very limited.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following ics-
olution; which was consideied by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rc^oh eJ, That the President of the United i^ta'c---, if in
Ins opinion it shall be not incompatible with ibf public in-
terest, be lequcj-fd to conmiuuieate to the Sen,ire am eoi-
re*-pondenc<; which may have p.i-^cd between nei Bnwnnie
MdjestvV Government and the .Mun-tei ofthe Tnie-d t-ntes
m London, of recent (Lite, touchm-i the abu-'-e^ os the Amei-
ican flag in the piosecution of the Aiiu an m.svu !i adc on
the coat>t of Africa, and especially touching tiie ciui&e of
the. Wanderer on that coas>t.
DONATION CLAIMS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Rcsohcd, That the Committee on Public be in-
structed to inquire into the e.xpediencv of icvivni" and ev-
tendinii tor a limited fet m the acts authoi v/avh the locution
of donation claims in the Suite of Arkun^a-j, and icpoit.
JOEL HARRIS.
Mr. PITZPATBICK submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the SeeteMry oi the Inrenor report to the
Senate the length and triiule of service pertn.med by Joel
HarnsofViismia. m the wai of the. Revolution, and whether
the State of Vuginia did or did not haiMei and allow the
service of the sud Joel Darns and oniei a leuuinder of pay
to a pnvate of nitantiy of the Cont'pei-tal hue bv the iiuim*
of Jame* llaun; and that he aN t reeoit the aot s'nd
James Hams a-; appear on the ioIN. otder book^. <n othei
leeoid of the Continental line piop,r. now m Jn  Dcpait-
ment.
OVERLAND PACIFIC MAIL.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved. That the Postma-t^r Oenesal, at the earliest
practicable period, coiwrjuuicite to the Semite copies- of all
conuaet^ oi aaicements made with Jottn Buiteiivldand ins
<pNf-ociate& l'«u cat <ying the mail, or otie-i w, -c. fiom tu<; Mi;~
sis-oppi nver to th-j Paeillc ocean, oi fioiu or to a:i\ intei
mediate point--: that he slate by what authoi itv and under
what law or le^oitmon j-ueh eonnaet ot t owi:*et-<. asitee-
mcist or ayieement-, w ote m.ui ;; and thai N ;il • > tta.e fuilj
what payments oi advances have been made tot or on ac-
count of such scrvicte, contracts, or agreement:*; when
made, fo whom, and in what sum or sums. And thatibe
Postmaster General farther state and set forth fully what
number of letters, packages, and dispatches, or other matter,
have been carried or tiansported by said company from or
to the Mississippi river or California, or any intermediate
points, and tiie amount of money collected or received for
postage, or otherwise, on such letters, dispatches, or pack-
ages ; and what security or secuiities have been given, for
the performance of such agreement or contract, and that
he furnish copies of any bonds or other security, and the
number of passengers that have been carried by said com-
pany ; from what point, to what point, and for what com-
pensation ; and also the time made each trip, between San
Francisco and the Mississippi river.
NAVAL REFORM.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy communicate
to the Senate a list of all the vessels of all kinds*, belonging
to, or employed in connection with, the Nav> of the United
States, together with a list of all the officers of the Navy,
with their compensations; together with his opinion whether
the number of such officers, or their compensation, or that
of any cla;>a of them, can be reduced without injury to the
public service,
REGISTERS TO VESSELS.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama wiil pause for a moment. The Chair
must call the attention of Senators to the factthat
it is impossible to transact business in this Cham-
ber as the Senate has been in the habit of trans-
acting business, unless silence and order are pre-
served both on the Soor and in the galleries. The
room is so large that the slightest disorder renders
it impossible for the Chair to hear Senators upon
the floor.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce, |o
whom was referred the memorial of the Louisi-
ana Tehuantepec Company, praying the enact-
ment of a law authorizing the issue of* regis-
ter to the steamships America and Canada, and
changing their names, have had the same under
consideiation, and have instructed me unani-
mously to report a bill carrying out the purposes
of the memorial. I hope tiie Senate will indulge
me in allowing the bill to be passed at this time.
It is important to the interests of this company,
and, indeed, of the entire country, I may say,
that the company should have the relief for which
thev pray; and it is such as is usually granted.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 493)
authoiizmg the issue of registers to the steam-
ships Ametica and Canada, and to change the
names of said ships, was read twice by its title,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
uiy to issue icgisters for the stcamships'America
and Canada, now lying in the port of New York,
and that their names be changcd to the Missis-
sippi and the Coatzoalcos i espectively; and they
are hereafter to be considered as slaps of the
United States, and to be entitled to all the lights
and privileges aecordcd by law to ships and ves-
sels built m the United States; hut this act is not
to go into effect until due proof be made to the
satisfaction of the Secretary that the vessels are
wholly owned by citizens of the United States,
or by an incorporated company entitled to re-
ceive registers for ships or vessels under the pro-
visions of existing laws
Mr. FKSSRND'RN. I should like to inquire
what the particular necessity is for passing this
net ? I have an aversion to changing the names
of well known steamships—I think we have had
an illustration of the danger of it. People forget
entirely their character, and old vessels are passed
oiT for new ones. I do not know that that is the
case in this instance; but I do not understand it.
Another thing: I sec no reason, and it seems to
me to be a new thing;, for giving an American
character to these foreign-built vessels, i should
like to understand what the reasoning is upon
which the bill is founded, and what the peculiar
necessity for it is. In its present aspect, without
explanation, I must vote against it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will answer the inquiries
of my colleague, and I hope I shall be able to an-
swer them sati&factoiily to him. The bill dues
