1340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
is more respected there than in some other States
where slavery is of a more malignant type. But I
deny utterly—it is not true; every man whoknows
anything about it knows it is not true; it cannot
be true that free# intelligent labor stands on its
rightful position, and occupies its true, natural
ground in a State where capital owns labor. As
a general rule, I pronounce it entirely impossible.
It needs no argument, a bare statement of the
fact is enough; and that is well understood by
the free people of the North. They know per-
fectly well what the effect of this system must be.
Can you wonder, then, that our laborers, who
are joint owners with you of our Territories, will
not consent to their being subjected to slavery ?
Their free labor is their wealth, in exchange for
which they intend to transfer some considerable
portion of that territory to themselves. But what
do you demand ? That capital should there, as in
your own sl^ve-holding States, own labor. Can
you expect labor to agree to that? I beg leave to
say that the free labor of the North is proverbi- j
ally intelligent. I incline to think that nowhere,  
on the face of this earth, can be found a more in-
telligent race, than the free laboring men of the
North. They know, very well, what must bo
the effect upon them of a system of law by which
capital shall be made the owner of labor. They
know that the views to which I have alluded are
the necessary result, the logical consequence of
the long-continued existence of slavery in the
States represented by those who entertain them.
They know that labor must, in all slave States,
lose its ennobling, its' divine cluuacter, and that j
in the perverted estimation of men, whose judg- I
mont is clouded by a false system of education, j
the cunning work of that most wonderful instru- ;
ment, the human hand—the marvelous invention ;
of a Divine artisan—will bo despised and de- I
graded. Therefoie, it is that never, by their con- ;
sent, never if they can by any lawful means pre-
vent it; never through fear of any personal or
any political consequences, will their free, intel- (
ligent labor be subjected, in the Territories of this
Government, to a'degrading competition with the
labor of African slaves; nor, sir, will they ever
consent that their treasure shall be expended in
a forced purchase from an unwilling nation of
slave territory, for the avowed purpose of perpet-
uating therein compulsory labor.
Mr. BELL. There is not time enough to take
nnvthing like an extended view upon this subject,
which 1 shall not do for that reason. It is em-
banassing on another account. Jf it did not in-
terfere with my course of aigiuiient, and would
not occupy mom tune than I piopnse to occupy i
to-day, i should like to leply to some of the ar- '
guments of the honorable Senator from Connec-
ticut, [Mr. Dixon,] particuhu ly on the subject of
the effect of slave labor in the South producing
the necessary effect, as 1 undeistand his argu-
ment, of degrading free white labor, rendering it
dishonorable or not reputable; but 1 shall leave
that to others.
ISxnaoidinary as this proposition is, Mr. Pres-
ident, ifit li.uj found its nay into the ijjpiinlc by
the consent of the body, in courlesy to the dis-
tinguished author of it—distinguished by ability
and sagacity—1 should not, at tliim period of the
session and of the debute, have been disposed to
enter into the question to any extent, on mypait;
but this proposition comes before us under very
different and more imposing auspices, however
respectable they misriit have been when presented
by an individual. They aie presented to us, and
leeomniendi d to our notice and favoiablc accept-
ance, bv all the force and persuasion th.it the
recommendation ot the Picsideut ot the United
States and the sanction of tin1 Committee on Foi-
eign delations can give to it; and fiom what I
have understood as to what has taken place out
of the Senate upon this subject—a fact of more
significance than the recommendation of the Pres-
ident and the sanction of the Committee on For-
eign Relations—it lias had the countenance and
support, fiom the time it was presented to this
body, of the authoritative counsel of the dominant
political paity in the Senate and in the country.
Though it may not pass the piescnt Congress—
olid I do not know that it is expected to pass—1
se" enough to satisfy me that tins measure, to-
g-ether with the kindred measures recommended
by the Picsideut of the United States, are to form
the staple of political controversy and agitation
for the next four years; that they are thus reg-
ularly installed the legitimate successors of those
issues which have convulsed the country for the
four years that have just passed. This of itself
is sufficient to attract serious attention and notice.
This measure, remarkable as it is in itself, both
from the amount of money which is proposed to
be placed at the discretion of the President, and
the time at which it is presented, the financial and
other circumstances in the condition of the coun-
try being considered, it strikes my mind as chal-
lenging more especial wonder and amazement by
the boldness, the apparent sincerity and confi-
dence, with which criticism and scrutiny into its
motives and objects are defied, and the principles
and policy upon which it is attempted to be sus-
tained and vindicate!!. Here is a proposition to
vote §30,000,000, to be used by the President ^t
his discretion, in effecting a treaty with the Crown
of Spain for the acquisition of the Island of Cuba.
If this was an amount of money to be appropri-
ated in any case, or for any object, I would say
that, had it been presented under circumstances,
and in viewofprobable contingencieswhich might
exist, I would not regard it as disproportionate to
what many consider the magnitude and value of
the interests to be attained by it; butcoming as it
does, in my judgment, unsupported by any prob-
able contingency, or exigency, likely to arise be-
tween this country and Spain; unaccompanied by
any circumstances to demonstrate its propriety
and fitness, I myst confess, with great deference
to the honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Seidell,] that if i did not know that he never
biings forward a measure without some higher
object than that winch I agl about to state, that,
presented naftd and defenseless of those circum-
stances which only could justify it, it wears the
aspect of an experiment to test the extent to which
the public credulity and the loyalty of partisan
followers could be successfully practiced upon. I
do not say that that is so. 1 believe it is not the
object of the honorable Senator from Louisiana.
"duestions of this sort have sometimes keen
presented in the British Parliament to test the
strength of the ministry of the Clown. I have
known propositions somewhat analagous to this
to be presented in this country in bygone times,
asking of Congiess the vote of n sum of money
much larger than any conviction in the minds of
those who moved it, of the necessity of such a
vote founded on any view of public necessity; but
; I must say, that if this vote is required or ex-
! peeled to test the confidence of the Congress of
j the United States in the present Chief Magis-
\ trute, it seems to me his fuends aie to be taxed
' to an immeasurable and unreasonable extent.
The vote of $30,000,000 for that, or any other ob-
| ject, would imply such a total forgetfulness and
1 abandonmentof the jealous principles upon which
I' this Government was founded, that 1 venture to
ji say, but few who take a full and rational view of
■| the subject will be disposed to agree to it. Thirty
j million' dollars? It would give to the President
; of tin? United States the control of the Army and
1 Navy for two years, with the present small esti-
mates, taking the amount of the regular annual
apprupiiation. Three years of the control of the
Army and Navy is as much as any despot or any
; traitor to the liberties of his country would ask.
j It is a dangerous experiment. What is experi-
! ment to-day, would inevitably, in time, become
the established practice. Although Mr. Buchanan
might be trusted safely with the arrangement of
} this fund, long before our empire shall have ex-
1 tended throughout the tropics, as some gentle-
man said it was our policy to extend it, some suc-
cessor to Mr. Buchanan may be found, whose am-
bition is not regulated by the calm, temperate
! passions of our present Chief Magisirate. Even
I if that other measure, twin born to this, from the
Committee on Foreign Relations, be adopted,
'i which proposes to arm the President of the Uni-
ted States with the power to redress all the wrongs
committed upon American citizens within the
Slates of Mexico and Cential America, imply-
, ing substantially a surrender of the war-malung
1 power, should pass, I do not know that I would
! answer for the perfect fidelity even of the present
1 Chief Magistrate, in the disposition which he
would make of this vast fund.
But, sir, dismissing these views for the present,
find assuming that some other motive or object
more substantial than a mere vote of confidence
in the President is intended, I proceed to exam-
ine, briefly as I can, what niay be the other mo-
tives and the objects which lie at the bottom of
this movement. I need not state to the Senate
what is the character and condition of the Island
of Cuba. I need not point out its advantages;
nor shall I advert to the unhappy condition o.f it
in any degree, nor in any detail which gentlemen
have pointed out in reference either to its political
or social organization. It is an island which, for
two or three hundred years, from its position, its
climate, its unsurpassed fertility, its capacity to
furnish the most valuable, the richest, and most
desirable products of the tropics, and its capa-
cious harbors, could not have escaped the atten-
j tion of the great commercial nations of the world;
i nor has it escaped their attention. It is an island
| which a great maritime and commercial Power
might well covet at any time. The committee
who made this report might have spared also
any elaborate argument to show that this island
might become of great importance to the United
States; that the question of what Power shall
possess it ultimately might become one of indis-
pensable interest and regard on the part of the
United States to the development of its own re-
sources and its own power. From the moment
of the acquisition of the territory of Louisiana,
from the first dawning of the population of the
States that are now spread over the great central
valley of this continent, this has been the popu-
lar estimate of the advantages of that island, geo-
graphically situated so as to control in a great
! degree the vast commerce that passes through the
j waters of that inland sea, the- Gulf of Mexico.
| Nor have foreign nations been blind to the acccs-
| sion of strength and security that it might bring
j to the United States in process of time; but ithas
1 so happened that, just in proportion to the mag-
| nitude of the interests involved in the possession
I of that island, and in the question who is to pos-
! sess it, or may possess it, have the obstacles to
i the acquisition of it by the United States been in-
j creased and multiplied. "Wc arc supposed to have
! great interests at stake in the acquisition of Cuba.
, Other commercial nations, particularly the great
I maritime Powers of Europe, our rivals in the
I great contest for the control of the commerce of
the world not yet decided, are apt to suppose
, their interests to be nearly, if not of equal, mag-
1 nitude in preventing us from acquiring the pos-
session of that island, and have shaped their
course accordingly.
Sir, from the first moment that Spain was shorn
of the large portion of her power as a nation, by
the levolt of iier pro\inces oil this continent, the
l true policy of this country, as I understand it and
believe it to be, or to have been, with a view to
! the ultimate acquisition of Cuba, was to cultivate
j the most friendly and cordial relations with Spain,
not insidiously, but in good faith; giving her as-
i surance of our maintenance of her dominion, and
[ our protection in the enjoyment of it, over that
I little remnant of her once great Ameiican empire.
By such a course of policy, long pursued, the
j United States might have expected to enjoy a be-
neficent influence over the councils of Spain, lead-
! ing them gradually into the secret of the preser-
vation of colonies by conciliating the inhabitants,
j by the introduction of a more enlightened system
I of government; conciliating the Creole population
| by allowing them rights of government, by put-
i ting them upon an equal footing with the native
I born subjects of Spain; by encouraging the devel-
opment of their agricultural and industrial pur-
j suits; and lessening the burden upon commerce.
This would have been a policy worthy of a great
Republic, and many advantages would have fol-
lowed in its train to the United States. Wc should
have been able, at all times, successfully to com-
bat and counteract the hostile and mischievous
policy of our rivals across the Atlantic, and we
should have enlarged our trade and commerce
with Cuba.
j 111 truth, Mr. President, by such a course of
, policy as that, we should have derived and enjoyed
all the substantial advantages of the actual pos-
session of the island, without the burden of de-
fense or protection, except only the strategic po-
sition ; and, in the extremity of war, when the law
of self-preservation might dictate to us the neces-
sity of acquiring that, it would have been easily
within our control, perhaps with the consent of
our friendly neighbor; and, in time, in the vicis-
