1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£59
of Europe. He looked, and, I think, to-day, when
we turn back retrospectively upon the whole case,
looked fairly and justly upon the convention made
with France as a defensive alliance, and that the
condition which France then occupied towards
Great Britain was that of offense, and that the
United States were then under no obligations to
her, growing- out of that treaty. France, how-
ever*, continued to complain of the conduct of the
United States in this regard, as well as in the fail-
ure to furnish subsidies and supplies (which en-
tered also into our treaty) to her West India pos-
sessions; for it will be remembered that, amongst
other things, France had guarantied the liberty,
sovereignty, and territorial possessions of tfie
United States; and the United States had in turn
guarantied the possessions of France in the West
Indies.
To countervail the effect which the acts of Great
Britain had to render the treaties of 1778 and
1788 disadvantageous to France, France being
compelled to allow our vessels to sail with any
supplies they might please to transport to the
ports of Great Britain, while Great Britain, lib-
erated from such obligation, seized them on the
high seas, declaring supplies to France to be con-
traband of war, it followed that France, by a de-
cree, ordered-that merchant vessels upon the high
seas should be treated by the armed vessels of
France in like manner as the countries to which
they belonged permitted Great Britain to treat
them, and we ceased to enjoy the privileges se-
cured by treaties, and to which circumstances
had given an immeasurable value, that of carry-
ing supplies during the general war of Europe
to the ports of the belligerents. Our just expect-
ations from France were violated by the infrac-
tion of that clause of the treaty which declared
that free ships made free goods. In the history
of nations, for the first time two great civilized
Powers established that rule which has now be-
come the maritime policy, if not the national law
of the world.
From this decree of France followed captures,
confiscations, an embargo, detentions, arrests of
individuals; and the United States continued to
complain and remonstrate; complain of the inju-
ries she received, and remonstrate to France as not
keeping faith with her treaty, until at last, after
indignity had been offered upon indignity; after
our Minister had been rudely rejected; after a
commission of three distinguished individuals had
been j;ent to France to compose the difficulties
with our ancient ally, and been as offensively re-
jected as the Minister, who had been sent away
before; President Adamsassemhled the Congress
in extraordinary session, and addressed a mes-
sage to them, in which, with marked indignation,
he spoke of the conduct of France towards the
United States, and the suffeiings of our citizens,
from the violation of the treaty between the two
countries. Then our course towards France was
changed. Anterior to that offense, it had been one
of'tolerationof Fiance. Anterior to that, our only
effoits had. been to reconcile existing difficulties,
and to send our ablest men to argue with her in
the cause of fraternity; to yield much, because of
the grateful obligations we were under to her;
but now we assumed that hostile demonstration
was our only resort, and henceforth our course
was one of force.
in 1798, the succeeding year to the time when
President Adams sent in that message, we passed
various laws, one for the employment of the Navy
in the capture of the armed vessels of France, then
hovering upon our coast and depredating upon
our commerce-; another declaring commercial non-
intercourse between the United States and France;
another authorizing the President to commission
private vessels—in other words, to grant letters of
marque and reprisal against France. It is well,
known that duping her war with the great man-
time Power of the world, France had upon the
sea comparatively nothing but armed \essels.
Therefore it was that the act wasdirectwd tovvauls
the seizure of the aimed vessels of Fiance aloncs
as well as because it was the armed vessels ol
France that committed outiages upon the com-
merce of the United h-iates. Another act provided
for the condemnation and sale ns prizes of any
armed vessels of France which might be captured;
and, as my memory serves me. about eighty were
taken during the progress of that year and the
next At length, as a final step for the United
States, we declared the treaties of 1778 and 1788
to be abrogated.
Now, upon what rests the claim which is before
us ? Itjs that, to get rid of the obligation of those
treaties, the United States took private property;
and that, by using that private property to relieve
themselves from the obligations of those treaties,
they were exempted from onerous duties to
France; and having taken private property for
public use, arc bound, under the Constitution, to
makejust compensation therefor. We had sought
all the powers of negotiation; we had exhausted
it even to the extent of an extraordinary and
special commission; we had then resorted to hos-
tilities; we had carried on a maritime war against
France; millions of treasure were spent, and much
of blood was shed in the progress of that war; we
had declared the treaties to be abrogated. How,
then, can it be asserted that we were giving up
private property to get rid of the obligations
which these treaties imposed? They were as en-
tirely swept from the statute-book as treaties can
he which have passed away through a state of
war, and have to be revived in order to acquire
a renewed existence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pause. It is the duty of the Chair to call up the
unfinished business of yesterday, at this hour.
Mr. CLAY. I move that we proceed to the
consideration of private bills. I think that, ac-
cording to the rules of the Senate, certainly those
that obtained at the last session, private bills are
to be proceeded with at this hour to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution of
the last session expired with the session. Does
the Senator move to postpone all the orders, with
a view to take up the Private Calendar?
Mr. CLAY. I submit a motion to postpone all
the prior orders, and to take up the private bills
on the Calendar.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 hope not. It seems
to me the object of the motion must be considered
executed. This may be regarded as a private hill
as well as any. 11 becomes of public consequence
on account of the magnitude of the claim: that is
ali; but it is still a claim of private citizens. 1
hope the motion will not prevail.
Mr. CLAY. If we proceed to the considera-
tion of private claims we shall take them up in
their order on the Calendar; and if this comes first
we can s;o on with it.
Mr. IVERSON. It sUikes me that the order
being that the Pi ivate Calendar shall be the order
of the day at one o'clock, it is the duty of the
Chair to call the Private Calendar, and the bill
which is under discussion ; ocs by unless there be
a motion to postpone the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
aware of any order calling up the Private Calen-
dar at one o'clock.
Mr. IVERSON". The truth is, that the Private
Calendar should be taken up immediately on the
assembling of the Senate on Fiiday morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
aware of any such order.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 understood the Chair to s.-sy
that the oider made at the last session continued
over to the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No, sir; it expired
with the session. It is moved and seconded to
postpone all prior orders with a view to take up
the Private Calendar.
Mr. GWIN. Does that postpone the unfinished
business of yesterday5
The Yir,E PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. GWIN. I do not want to interrupt pro-
ceedings on this bill, and do not wish to be con-
sidered as obtruding on the Senate; but I am not
willing to consent to postpone the Pacific radroad
bill, winch may lose its place on the Calendar by
that course, without calling for the yeas and nays
on the question. I shall say nothing further than
that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The 'VICE PRESIDENT. The Choir will
state flic question. The Chaircolls upatthis hour
the unfinished business of yesterday, the Pacific
railroad bill. The motion is to postpone that and
other oniers, with a view to proceed to the con-
sideration of the Private Calendar; and upon this
motion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I thought it was a motion to con-
tinue the French spoliation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again state the condition of the question. On the
hour of one o'clock arriving, the Chair, in obedi-
ence to the order of the Senate, called up the un-
finished business of yesterday; which 'was the
special order for that hour. The Senator frorm
Alabama moves to postpone thatunfiftish^cTbtfsi-
ness, and all other orders, with a view to proceed
to the consideration of the Private'Calervdar. That
is the question now before the Senate; an$ on that
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. If that motion should prevail,
will the Private Calendarcome up without a dis-
tinct motion ? or can the Senator from Kentucky
then move to proceed with the bill now before the
Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Cfiair would
consider the Private Calendar before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN; Then the motion now before
the Senate may be divided; and we can have
the question first on postponing, and second on-
taking up the Private Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hardly
thinks it susceptible of division.
Mr. HAMLIN. They are two distinct pro-
positions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But if tfec prior or-
ders are postponed, the Private Calendar comes
up immediately; and then any motion can be made
to postpone it. It will complicate the question to
attempt to divide it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The way to effect the
object of those who desire to progress with this
bill will be, I presume, to vote against the present
motion, and then the Senate will go on with the
consideration of this bill. I shall therefore vote in
the negative.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to say that I
desire this bill to be considered; but the Senator
from Mississippi is very unwell to-day, and as a
matter of courtesy to him, not in hostility to the
bill, for I desire to have early consideration on it, I
shall vote to give it the go-by just now. I say this
much to explain my vote.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise for the purpose of
inquiring again specifically what the question is.
We differ here. I supposed that the result of
my vote in the negative on this motion was to
keep the present bill before the Senate, f am
informed that I am mistaken, and I hope the
Chair will be kind enough to state the question
a°Thc VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will take
pleasure in stating the condition of the question
again. When the hour of one o'clock arrived,
the Chair, under the rule of the Senate, inter-
rupted the proceedings to call up the special order,
which was the Pacific railroad bill. The Sena-
tor from Alabama moves to postpone that, and
other prior orders, with a view to take up the
Private Calendar. If the motion fails, the busi-
ness before the Senate is the Pacific railroad bill—
the unfinished business of yesterday, and the
special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose the motion pre-
vails: what is the business then ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. We go to the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. HAMLIN. I voted under a misappre-
hension, then. With this explanation of the Chair
I desire to change my vote.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to keep before the
Senate the French spoliation bill. I wish to vote
" 110."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That question is
no way connected vtfith the present question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask, in any event,
whether this is decided in the affirmative .or the
negative, if there must not be another motion
in order to keep the present bill before the Sen-
ate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the opinion
of th-e Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it makes no sort
of difference.
The result was announced—yeas 20, nays 31;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright. Cbesmit.Clay, Ciingman,Davis.
FUzpatnok. Urecu, Hunter, Iveison. Johnson of Aikansus,
Jitnuf, Ma-on, Polk, Reid, Sebastian, Slidell, Trumbull,
Wa-.K Want, and YuJec—*20.
N.\Ys?—Me>&rs. ItavaxL licli, Higler, Broderiek, Cam-
eron, Chandlci, Clark, Collatnei, Cultenden, Dixon, Doo-
htile. Uuikee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Gwm, Hamlin,
Hailan, Houston, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, King,
Kiccj Sevvaids, Shields, Simmons, Smart, Thompson of
