&43
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
yield ther possession to the superior power and re-
sources of this Government, they would take care
to yield it a blasted, black ruin. This was the
natural, if not the'unavoidable, consequence of thris
mode of conducting the negotiation. The test
spring of the bayed and hunted tiger, even after
the mortal dart has reached his vitals, is often
most fatal to the pursuer. ■
• But, it is asked, why should this proposition
be so deeply offensive to the people of Spain, or
to the Government of Spain ? Why should a sim-
ple proposition to purchase a portion of her ter-
ritory for a full equivalent, be considered offens-
ive to any Power? Well, sir,there is no reason
why it should have beep offensive. There is no
reason, that I know of, to suppose that it would
have been offensive if the offer had been made
with the observances and courtesies usually prac-
ticed in negotiation between individual Powers
for such a purpose. It was the violation of all
those observances and courtesies which is calcu-
lated to render the proposition offensive. The
publication of. the Ostend manifesto announced
to all the world, not only our desire, but our de-
termination, to have it; and this was emblazoned
to the world without any necessity whatever; and
now, again, this measure is presented, if possible,
in a more offensive form than that manifesto, in-
asmuch as it has the solemnity of presidential
sanction, not any longer simply James Buchan-
an's name. Minister to London, but James Buch-
anan, President of the United States, and a further
indorsement by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate.
No nation, no matter how fallen in its fortunes,
as Ions as it maintains itself erect, and is rccog-
nized'as one of the great family of nations, would
be apt to listen to an overture for the purpose of
a purchase of a portion of its territory, even when
made in the confidence of diplomatic intercourse
under the seal of secrecy; no nation would be apt
to receive such a proposition with'favor when it
was prefaced by a studied reminder of its falling
fortunes, of its straitened finances, of its decayed
power, and that it would not long be able to main-
tain its grasp over the object which is the subject
of negotiation, .and had better take what was' of-
fered than to lose it without any compensation.
Sir, the ptince of the most petty Power in Europe
would scorn the offer, when made by a public I
embassador or minister who had taken pains to j'
expose to nil his neighbors, and to the whole I
world, all the necessities of his treasury, his in-;
ternal dissensions, feebleness, and imbecility; and ;
that, he would soon have to release the possession |!
of the object which -was sought in negotiation. !
These arc the circumstances attending this case. !
Mr. President, 1 think one of the greatest mis- 1
takes that has been made in the proceeding was !
in the open demand for f>30,000,000 to precede i
any new or further attempt at negotiation upon I
this subject. It is all honorably meant, no doubt; 1
but it is liable to great misinterpretation. It is ;
unprecedented, too. Who ever before heard of I
a proposition openly made of such a sum, sur- I
rounded particulaily with such circumstances us j
attend this cas-e? Why, sir, when Mr. Jefferson
wanted $2,000,000 to be appropriated to aid him :
in effecting a treaty for the purchase of Louisi- j
ana, and again for the purchase of Florida, the !
request was made by confidential messages to
both Houses of Congress, and the subject was j
consideicd with closed doors; and, as far as I can ,
trace the history of it, never disclosed to the pub- i
lie until the object for which the appropriation
was made was accomplished. The appropriation i
of $3,000,000, to be used in effecting a treaty with '
Mcxko, was m the midst of a war; the Mexican '
Government was not lepresented at this Govern-
ment; and it might or might not have any in- '
formation that such an appropriation had been !
made; but whether it had or not, this Govern- '
ment might be well justified in employing it in
'conciliating the most powerful of the factions of
Mexico, and closing a war in which we had al- 1
ready got as much glory as could reasonably be
dcsncd.
Thus, 1 say, this proposition is unprecedented.
The corruptest faction that ever existetl m the
most coriupt Government would be apt tn teeoil
from a brine, when openly tendered to them. If
these be the natural consequences, as I assume
them to be, the natural results of the mode in
which this negotiation has been conducted, which n
has been adopted since the year 1854, in the man-
agement of our relations with Spain, I take the
liberty of saying, (and I hope it will not be offens-
ive to any one,) it seems to me that nothing but
a sort of infatuation could lead any one to sup-
pose that success can follow such a heretofore
unimagined, or rather, I should say, unimagina-
ble, mode of conducting a negotiation for such a
purpose. The gentlemen who have participated
in it from 1854 to this time, both those who in-
itiated the councils at Ostend and those who have
followed up the same subject here, are quite too
intelligent, quite too able, quite too experienced,
not to see, or rather not to have had from that
moment—1 am speaking of the moment from
1854—any expectation that Cuba could everbeac-
quired by negotiation'. The same confidence that
1 have in the ability and intelligence of those gen-
tlemen—I say it with sincerity—has driven me
to the conclusion that the Ostend council mani-
festo as well as this proceeding, have been adopted
under the perfect conviction that Cuba never
could be acquired by negotiation; that if they left
the acquisition to the slow progress'of time and
of further negotiation, it would have been post-
poned indefinitely; and they believe it to be ex-
pedient, in conformity with the supposed spirit
and demands of public, sentiment in this country,
to rouse its pride, if you please, the first effect of
a menace of war, and next, cotemporaneously to
use means to reconcile the country to actual war,
should it be necessary for the acquisition of Cuba.
If I had time, or could have strength, to view
this subject as 1 should wish, I should like to re-
fer to some passages in this report which confirm
this conviction on my part. This report is an
able and skillfully-drawn paper. Independently
of those paragraphs, or the suggestions contained
in them, which are merely taken from the Presi-
dent's message, there are suggestive ideas in other
parts of the report that confirm me in this convic-
tion. I said it was a skillful and ably-drawn pa-
per. It addresses itself directly to all the strong
passions which give activity to the political and
social movements of society and of government.
It is addressed, too, to what is supposed to be the
predominant and characteristic trait of our popu-
lation—cupidity, or the lust of gain. It is not
unfair to do so; notatall. It appeals to the inter-
ests of all the most widely-diffused branches of
public industry. It promises increased markets,
increased activity to the commerce and navigation
and manufactures of the North and East. It prom-
ises a more extended and profitable field for the
employment of the lahor peculiar to the South.
To the great agricultural States of the North west
and West, it holds out a demand for their pro-
visions and breadstuff's to an almost fabulous
extent. The only weak part of the report, as it
seems to me, is, that it does not give any prom-
ise of advantage to the iron interests of Pennsyl-
vania; but that is not She fault of my friend from
Louisiana. Al^deficiencies of this kind, how-
ever, are compensated by the promise of cheap
sugar! Thus the magnitude of the interests in-
volved in the acquisition of Cuba are exaggerated;
thus are the blessings and advantages to attend
its acquisition increased and multiplied, and pre-
sented as temptations to reconcile the country to
war, if it should be necessary.
Hut, Mr. President, there is no intention of a
war at this time. No, sir; the Administration is
not in being that is contemplated to make the war
should it become necessary. The Ostend mani-
festo, I have supposed, has had a material influ-
ence in making one President already. 1 should
not be greatly surprised if this second manifesto
should make another one; or it may be to renew
the term of the picsent one. It would be indif-
ferent to the advocates of this measure, of course,
whether the one orthe other result would follow. 1
It may be that this is supposed to be an emana- I
tion from the President and urged by him; espe-
cially it would seem to foIloV after th<? defeat, }
which I will not mention, which he submitted to, \
or bad to yield to, at the last session of Congress, ;
to be a summons to his fuends and followeis |
eveiywhere to come to his aid once more: j
'■ Once more unto tile breach, deat friends, once more.'' |
This, of course, is merely conjecture and spec-
illation as to what may be expected to follow from ;l
this measure; it may be regarded as imaginary !i
and visionary; but of one thing the country may ||
be satisfied: there is no war intended now. You
do not hear of any improvement recommended
to our military and naval establishments. All
around us we hear of propositions to cut them
down. There"is no movement for the raising of
revenue for war purposes. On the contrary,
various deviceirare resorted to and suggested for
getting along without actual revenue in the Treas-
ury, to be compensated and made up by the use
of t^ie credit of the Government. Therefore, I
say, there will be no war now. It is not ex-
pected or intended.
But, although the-re may be no war intended or
expected, this movement may answer various
valuable purposes. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] has told us', as I under-
stood him—I beg leave not to misrepresent him
—that he did expect advantages to be derived
from this movement to the President, to the Dem-
ocratic party, and to his country.
Mr. SLIDELL. I did not say precisely that;
but I did say, if such a result should follow from
it as was supposed, it would not give me any
great distress, or surprise me.
Mr. BELL. He meant that there would be
advantages to his country and his party.
Mr. SLIDELL. Certainly.
Mr. BELL. I meant to give a liberal construc-
tion.
Mr. President, I will not question, nor do I
doubt, the patriotism of the honorable Senator in
making these declarations; but I differ from him
wholly as to the tendency of this measure, either
to acquire in any reasonable time, by negotiation,
the Island of Cuba, or to promote any one gieat
public object besides. On the contrary, in my
judgment, it not only tends to the indefinite post-
ponement of the acquisition of that island; but,
what is of far more importance, it tends to post-
pone and defeat the very greatest public good
that, in my opinion, can enter the head of a states-
man and require his undivided energies at this
time to accomplish—the healing of the deep and
grievous wounds that have been inflicted upon
our system of government, and which yet rankle
and fester in it; wounds inflicted by the long and
fierce party contentions which we have gone
through, engendering maxims and practices of
administration which threaten irretrievable dis-
credit to the very name of a republic or of free
institutions.
Sir, if there ever was a time in our history when
the character of the Government itself, when every
great public interest called loudly and imploringly
for some leposjs, some rest, some breathing time,
from these eternal and distracting conflicts, it is
now. Whoever has observed the causes of dis-
asters in State.s, whoever has studied the history
of former republics,1 in the least degree, will be
satisfied that the periods of internal dissension,
fierce political strife, if you please, are the very
seed-time of all the irregularities, disorders, rup-
tures, and abuses which are to spring up in any
Government under such circumstances. For the
last five years the public mind has been so excited
and distracted and absoibed by what was called,
and probably rightfully called, the paramount
questions of the day, that there was no one in
Congress, no one throughout the land, among the
people, to listen to orgive heed to the complaints,
or even to rccognize them when they saw them
before their eyes, of abuses, malpractices, and the
demoralizing tendencies of the practices which
prevailed in the Government. And now, after so
long a period of these fierce contentions, which
entered the very verge of convulsion, of civil war,
if they did not transcend the bounds of it; and
when, in the mean time, a great monetary and
commercial revulsion has swept over the country;
when the public expenditures, it is admitted, have
increased, within that very period of five years,
within a traction of two fold, or one hundred per
cent.; when the derangements of the national
affairs of the country are such that the Treasury
may be said, technically, to have been bankrupt
more than once since that revulsion; and when
abuses, and abuses, too, that may be considered
gross, arc admitted to abound in almost every
branch of the public service—at such a time, I
regard it as a great public calamity that such a
measure—a measure of fresh agitation and excite-
ment—is thrust before the country. Sir, is it of
any importance to any great purpose connected
with the pubfic interest, that fresh fuel shall be
