1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261^
at the present day, in northern climates. The
engineers of Canada and New England are riot a
little amused at such objections. They point to
the Grand Tiunk, in Canada, and the railroads
of New England, as their best refutation. The
best railroads of the world are to be found in
northern climates and northern countries.
In shortness and cheapness; in the general
habitable character of the country through which
it runs; in theabundance of the wood, water, and
coal, along the line of the road, the northern route
has an incontestable superiority over all other
contemplated or possible routes from the Mis-
sissippi to the Pacific. In addition to this, the
depression in the Rocky Mountains, about the
forty^-seventh parallel of latitude, is so great that
the head waters of the Missouri and Columbia
rivers almost interlock. The Missouii is navi-
gable by steamers to Fort Benton. The Colum-
bia, by one of its branches, (the Snake river,) is
navigable to the mouth of the Palouse. From
Fort Benton to the mouth of the Palouse is only
four hundred and fifty miles. Therefore, a rail-
road four hundred and fifty miles in length will
connect the navigable waters of the Atlantic with
the navigable waters of the Pacific. This fact
alone, if thoroughly appreciated, ought to induce
the Government, as a mere question of economy
in the transportation of troops and military stores,
to construct this connecting link, so as to have
an unbroken and uninterrupted chain of com-
munication across the continent. But this fact,
which has been so clearly presented by Governor
Stevens, has not succeeded in impressing itself
with due weight upon the attention of the Gov-
ernment.
There are other facts of striking importance,
which I can barely touch upon in this connection,
which renders this one of the most remarkable
lines of communication in the world. Nature, as
if to make North America the*eradle of a mighty
race, has opened and penetrated the continent to
the very center by a chain of immense lakes or
inland seas. There is nothing comparable to this
remarkable geographical fact, to be found in any
other division of the globe. A vessel laden in the
London docks will be able, without breaking bulk,
to land her cargo on the shore of Lake Superior,
in the State of Minnesota. The future commerce
of those lakes will some day equal, and more than
equal, the commerce of the Mediterranean sea—a
sea that washed the shores of the greatest em-
pires of the ancient world, and which contributed
more than any other natural cause to the devel-
opment of their civilization and power. These
lakes are destined, in process of time, to exercise
a proportionate influence in the development of
the New World. On the Pacific we find Pugct
Sound to be one of the most magnificent harbors
on the globe. Here is what Governor Stevens
says in leldtion to it:
" Pusrct Sound is admitted, by all naval and rmbtaiv gen-
tlemcnvvbo even vi-u.nl its wafer-:, to he the most remtn li-
able ioad->-iead 011 the shores of any ocean Jt has sixteen
bundled mil*'? of slioie line, and a great number of land-
locked. commodious, and defensible hasboi-;, It can be
entered by any wind®, is (scarcely ever obstructed by foer.
and is the neatest point to the great ports of Asia or any
iiarboron our western coast."
When we take into consideration the advan-
tages of these lakes and of Puget Sound, the
mineral and lumber wealth of Lake Superior,
the mineral wenlth of Washington Territory, and
the legion of Fiazer river, and the vast agricul-
tural resources of the intervening country, is it
not evident that a railroad connecting Lake Su-
perior with Puget Sound would be the most im-
poitant inland communication in the world?
Mr. President, in endeavoring to do justice to
the northern route, I have been careful not to dis-
parage any of the others. Why should I? I am
prepared to suppoit any proposition which will
give equal assistance to all these roads; and, al-
though the amount may be considerable, it is my
firm conviction that, before the lapse of ten years,
the augmentation in business anil geneial pros-
perity would indemnify the nation for the expend-
iture.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, yesterday
a proposition was suggested by the honorable
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] to recom-
mit this Lull to the committee, with instructions
to report the bili that he submitted to the Senate.
I should like to niqiure of him whether he intends
to make that motion ?
Mr. IYERSON. I do. I consider the motion
already pending. I submitted the motion yester-
day, but the Chair then ruled it out of order; but
I think it is considered that the Chair acted hastily
in ruling it out of order, and the motion is now
pending. I so intended it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Chair cannot now consider
the motion of the Senator from Georgia as in
order, it having been decided out of order by the
occupantof the chair when the motion was made.
The Chair, however, will submit the question to
the Senate whether the motion shall be enter-
tained, inasmuch as the present occupant will not
certainly overrule a decision of the former occu-
pant of the chair.
Mr. 1VERSON. The occupant of the chair
yesterday acted on the impression that, inasmuch
as the yeas and nays had been ordered on a pre-
vious proposition, it was out of order to move to
recommit the bill; but I think he is satisfied, as
the present occupant of the chair doubless must
be, that that decision was wrong, and that a mo-
tion to recommit has priority of all other mo-
tions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate, whether the
motion of the Senator from Georgia shall be en-
tertained.
Mr. GWIN. What is the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFJ CER. The question is,
whether the motion of the Senator from Georgia,
which is to recommit the biil with instructions,
shall be entertained in the present stage of the dis-
cussion ?
Mr. STUART. Whether it is in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
the Chair is about to submit is, whether the mo-
tion of the Senator from Georgia shall be enter-
tained as now in order, that motion having: been
decided yesterday by the Chair to be out of order?
The suggestion of the Senator from Georgia is,
that the occupant of the chair at that time is sat-
isfied that he was mistaken. The present occu-
pant#of the chair will not overrule a decision made
yesterday, and therefore submits this question to
the decision of the Senate. The question on which
the Chair asks the Senate to vote is, shall the mo-
tion of the Senator from Georgia be now enter-
tained as in order?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Before the Senate votes
on the question, I ask that the lule controlling
this matter be read.
The Secretary read the 29th rule, as follows:
" The final epilation, upon the second readme of every
bill, res-ohition constitutional amendment, or inution. on-
gmatius m the Senate, and retaining tiuee leading pi.*vi-
ouf to beimr pa^s-ed, «liall be. \v isefhei n -hall be eii«to-.-ed
and lead a thud time?' and no amendment fiinil he rreen ed
lor discu-Mon at a third read.an: of any bill, irsoltuion,
amendment, or motion, unl?-.- by unanimous eonr-ent ot the
membeis pies.cn! ; but it Mi.il) at ail he m order, be-
fnie the final pasr-ase of any Mich bill, ie<oi<irion. constitu-
tional amendment, or morion, to move us commitment; and
should such commitment take place, and any amendment
he jeported by the committer, the said hill, resolution, con-
stitutional ninendment.or morion, shall be again lead a sec-
ond time, and ^cmwdeied as m rommittee ot the Whole,
and then the afoie&aid question thai! be again put.'"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators, as
many as are of opinion that the motion ot the
Senator from Georgia, to commit this bill to the
committee with instructions, shall now be re-
ceived as in order, will say "ay;" those who
think otherwise, will sav " no.'s
Thequestion wasd"ternimed in the afTnmative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Gvov^ia is before the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, as the
| committee which had charge of tins bill has, 1
I suppose, expired, it is necessary that the motion
of the Senator from Georgia should be amended
so as to send the bill to tome other committer.
Beyond that, I also desiie 10 amend the motion
so far as the instructions arc concerned, by in-
stituting the committee to lopot t a bill which 1
have drawn up, and which I intend to submit to
the Senate as a proposition looking towards the
construction of three Pacific railroads, ft is not
my purpose now to detain the Senate at length, or
to do anything more than state substantially the
provisions of the bill which I have drawn up.
The first section of it provides for the appoint-
ment bv the President, by and with tno advice
and consent of the Senate, of three boards of en-
gineers, to consist of thiee peiaons each, the one
to have charge of the location of the general route
of the northern, the second of the central, and the,
third of the southern Pacific railroad, and that they*
shall report their proceedings to the President, of
the United States in time for him to layi before
Congress, in 1860, a general map of the routes* 6'^.
those roads as surveyed and located by them, with"
a general estimate of the cost of the construction
of cach.
The next and several following sections provide
that, after those surveys are submitted tothfePres--
ident, and by him presented to Congress, the Pres-
ident shall then issue his proposals, as provided
in the bill now pending before the Senate, but
have them published for a period not less than six
months. It also provides that he may enter into
contracts; subject, however, to approval and rati-
fication, by act or joint resolution of Congress. It
provides, not for a grant of public lands "to any
company or any monopoly, but for the granting
of the proceeds of certain alternate sections of
those lands to aid in the construction of the road.
It provides further, and in this respect perhaps its
provisions are somewhat novel, that the alternate
sections which are reserved by the G-overnment
of the United States shall be open to settlement
under the provisions of what is denominated the
homestead bill. It also provides that the sections
which are reserved and set apart to aid in the con-
struction of the different lines of railroad shall
always be open to settlement and preemption at
a price not less than $2 50 per acre.
It provides, further, that for the purpose of aid-
ing in the construction of the roads, when sec-
tions of twenty-five miles shall have been con-
structed and m operation, the bonds of the United
States shall be issued to the amount of $10,000
per mile; and it provides, also, (and in that re-
spect it is a new provision,) that tiie sum so paid,
together with the amount of the proceeds which
shall have been received for the lands which shall
have been sold upon the various sections, shall
not exceed the amount of the actual cost as ascer-
tained by the board of engineers, until' the full
completion of the road. It further proposes that
these sums of money which are to be advanced
from time to time in the course of the construc-
tion of the road, in the bonds which are to be
issued, ate to remain a lien charged on the road
until the service shall have been performed by
the contracting party, as provided m the bili now
under the consideration of the Senate.
I believe, sir, that I have stated m brief words
the main features of the proposition which I sub-
mit to the consideration of the Senate. But as
the proposition necessarily contains several sec-
tions, and some of them are reduced to writing,
and have not been printed, I hope that the amend-
ment may, by order of the Senate, be printed,
and laid on the tables of Senators.
Mr. President, I will state in a single word
what this measure which 1 submit does, and what
it does not do. It does not grant the public lands,
so that they can be monopolized by any corpora-
tion, or by any number of individuals. It does
not put the public lands in the power of railroad
coiitiaeiors, so that they may locate their line of
route where they please across the best of the
public domain, at their pleasure, and then abandon
the rohd when they shall enter upon lands which
are less desirable. It docs not propose to disturb
the ntonetdi y atfairs of the country; for there is a
lim itatmn contained in the bill as to the number of
miles which shall be constructed and put in opera-
tion in any single year. It does not contemplate,
I may say, either, the building of two railroads;
one a northern, and the other a southern railroad,
with a view to the dissolution of the Union. It
does not propose to push forward this enterprise
so fa^t as to disturb the great currents of emigra-
tionwhich are going on across the continent. It
does not place the Treasury of the United States
almost absolutely within the disposal of the ex-
ecutive department of this Government. It does,
on the other hand, organize, or if it does not or-
ganize, it aids in the advance of three grand col-
umns of emigration and settlement across this
continent. It provides the only piaciical mode
of building a railroad. I undertake to .say that if
it be not impossible, it is utterly impracticable, to
bu ild a railroad where there is no population. Rail-
roads do not precede population, settlement, and
civilization. They always follow, and they always
will.
