1344
Tim CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
February 25.
tfce.limit of her power .at any time when her.
boundaries were established with any certainty.
"We have already' a territory more than three1
fourths greater than ali Europe. In regard.to
this vast extent of territory, we-are undenobliga-
tions to protect and defend it, without and within;
to irtsure the establishment-of justice throughout
the whole extent of it; to bring about every im-
provement and amelioration of it in the condition
of the country, within the Pederal Constitution;
but the growth from'within comes from the States,
and is the work of the State, sovereignties and
jurisdictions, as well as the United States. The
obligation of defense leads us to a view of what
is the extent of the country we are bound to de-
fend and protect. We must secure law and order,
the administration of justice, and preserve repub-
lican institutions, and guaranty them to all the
States. As I said, the area of the Roman Em-
pire was one million six hundred thousand square
miles, by the best computation that can be made.
The are a-of our present territory is within a frac-
tion of throe million square miles—nearly double
that of the Roman power. We have a water and
exterior line of sea-coast navigation, of sea-coast
frontier of five thousand miles, without counting
the sinuosities, or the inlets and bays; and if you
add to this our lake coast, including the lines 1
have indicated of bays, and the principal inlets,
sounds, and harbors, it would give you a sea-
cbast frontier, or water-line, to defend against a
more powerful naval Power than this, of twelve
thousand miles. Besides this, you have a fron-
tier of three thousand miles bordering upon the
possessions of Great Britain in North America,
one of the most powerful Governments, to say
the least, on earth; and, over and above all this,
let gentlemen consider that we have an interior
fronticr,asl have learned from gentlemen who
are better acquainted with the facts aud extent of
it than myself, of at least three thousand miles,
exposed to occasional and constant incursions of
hostile nomadic bands of Indians, and others.
Now, sir, when you come to consider what is !
required to protect these vast possessions, you
may arrive at something like a safe conclusion as
to whether we have art ived at that period of pro-
gress and improvement, that maturity of growth
within our present limits, that demands further
expansion. What will it take to defend this vast
sea-coast frontier against England alone? I will
not say against France and England, but against
England alone. I leave a military man to rorrect .
me; but it will not take less than one hundred I
thousand men standing constantly under aims, to
be anything like an adequate protection to the
most exposed points of our great Pacific border
arid the Atlantic and Gulf border, guarding the
principal points of attack. Ilow many slnps-of-
war will it take ? At least half as many as either
of the two most powerful nations of Europe. We
might depend, perhaps, upon the superior energy
and spirit and courage ot American seamen, and
the gallantry and skill of our American officers,
to eke out something f©r meeting upon an equal-
ity, and with success, ali the force that they could
spare, either upon the Pacific or the Atlantic coast,
in assailing us. There would be required not less
than two hundred or two hundred and fifry war
steamers—those terrible engines of destruction,
the invention of modern times.
Why, sir, is it known what is the quantum of
our own force at this time, with which we would
have it m our power to meet such an assailant, or
such an enemy, as Great Britain or France either ?
France possesses five hundred and fifty ships of
war, two bundled and sixty of them warsteamers;
and altogether a fleet of sail vessels and war ves-
sels, propelled by steam, carrying fifteen thou-
sand guns. The honmable Senator from Florida
[Mr. Mvli.ory] staged yesterday, I believe, or a
few days since, trom hisplace here, thatone thou-
sand one hundred guns was the utmost that could
be mustered in all our ships, including those out
of service or such as never could be repancd for
service. 1 do not intend to soy that the resources
of this country would not enable it to reach this
point of ability and strength; that we have not
the means of constructing a navy to meet, with a
fair prospect of success, even the power of Great
Britain. The Senator frorft Georgia, however,
included both Great Britain and France. He
would have to make another computation of the
power he would have to meet—the power of a
thousand ships,of war, and upwards of five hun-
dred war steamers, and twenty-seven thousand
guns, with your one thousand one hundred. This
may give some idea of what the duties and obli-
gations of this Government are in .the protection
and defense of the country which we already
have. I said it wobld be within *ihe. power of
our resources to accomplish all this, to defend
the country in the end, after seeing, for years and
years, our sea-coast ravaged and plundered by
ev®n an inferior force; but we could achieve it.
We have got the energy and the resources in the
end to achieve it. That is not the question, how-
ever. The question is, whether it is expedient to
expand our territories beyond the wants of an
advancing population; not whether we would not
have power to protect any extent of new country
that we might choose to annex; but whether it is
wise or expedient to-do so.
That is the military aspect of the question.
Now, as to the economical and civil aspect, I wish
to say a few words. I know that the popular
theory is, and I seldom hear it questioned, that
this Government may be expanded indefinitely,
and may extend not only throughout the tropics,
as it is stated by the Senator from Georgia that
it is our policy, but throughout South America,
and to take m all Canada. I subscribe to no
such visionary and wild conclusions. There must
be some limit to the power of this Government
to be practically and beneficially administered.
There must be some limit to its capacity to ad-
minister its functions with due energy and effi-
ciency and benefit. Where that limit is it is not
so necessary to inquire, as it is to examine and
see whether we find any weakness, any dimin-
ished efficiency, or energy, within our present
limits. It has been but lately that the capacity of
our institutions and our system of Government to
expand itself to remote distances, and still main-
tain the efficient exercise of its authority, has been
decided; and I maintain that experience has al-
ready demonstiated that the principle of a policy
of expansion lias already been carried to the ut-
most limit of safety and efficiency. What does
experience teach, so far as we have had experience
on the subject? I venture to affirm, after some
examination of the question, that every irregu-
larity, every abuse, every corruption, likely to
 row up in the Government, if not repressed and
watched and prevented, by the vigilance and en-
ergy m the administrative head, have been in-
creased and multiplied pretty much aheady in
propoition to our expansion. This arises fiom
the necessity of the case.
In the remote Territories, two or three thou-
sand miles distant from the seat of Government, on
the coast of the Pacific, the Government must ne-
cessarily intrust a greater latitude of discretion to
its agents, to whom are delegated executive au-
thority. It is impossible that precise directions
can bo given m reference to every possible con-
tingency or emergency that may arise in the exe-
cution of Fed oftl authority at so gieat a distance.
Abuses may exist there for month?!, and the tele-
graph wires would not be a safe reliance to com-
municate it. They may exist there until they
may reach, before they are arrested, a very serious
and mischievous limit, bringing with them bloody
and expensive Indian wars, and stopping the rev-
enues of the Govertnnent. These are not transient
evils that exist to-day, and which time will cure,
or prevent their recurrence again. They exist
from the necessity of the case—the necessity of
greater trusts at greater distances. The Execu-
tive here at the seat of Government is liable to be
grossly, constantly imposed upon by artful rep-
resentations of interested informers, and may be
led into the grossest errors. I do not undertake
to give particular instances or illustrations. That
might be considered invidious, and would occupy
too much time; but, sir, I conclude what I have
to say on this subject by laying down the propo-
sition that every abuse and irregularity, every
corruption and excess incident to"a Gov^nnent,
both in the mihtaiy and in the civil service, will
always be found to increase in proportion to the
distance from the place or locality of commission,
and the correcting and punishing head.
•The President has announced, as 1 have seen
it stated in the newspapers and public journals of
the city,upon an occasion not very well adapted,
it seems to me, to the announcement of such sen-
timents, that the policy of this country henceforth
is expansion, and that none but cowards fear or
oppdse it;' I should be sorry to suppose that that
sentiment was announced upon deliberation; but
I.have-heard no correction; I have seen no cor-
rection of.it. The Senator from Georgia [Mr.
TooMBsJ.has annoiriiced that it was the unaltera-
ble-ami fixed poKcy.of this country to progress
throughout the tropics, regardless of ali conse-
quences to "foreign nations. Many of our leading
gentlemen, Senators and others, have announced
a similar policy. It is announced in the most sol-
emn^orm,as 1 understand it, in the report which
is now before the Senate. 1 will say that 1 am
astonished at the declaration coming from some
quarters; but I shall wait before I draw final con-
clusions of what is the sentiment of particular
sections and parties in this country.
Mr. Calhoun was willing to see the boundaries
of this Republic extended so as to embrace the
valley of the Rio Grande, as well as the Missis-
sippi, and to make the Sierra Madrc the ultima
thule of our territorial possessions in that direc-
tion; but he never wished to see the mixed and
mongrel population south of that boundary incor-
porated with our people. Mr. Jefferson has alst>
expressed the sentiment, and did it at a very early
day, that he looked upon Cuba as the ne plus ultra
of our advance in the same direction. What has
become of the policy and councils of these dis-
tinguished men? Is it true, Mr. President, that
all veneration for the illustrious founders of our
Government, or those who adorned our country,
has perished ? Is it true, that the sentiment of ven-
eration is so far extinct in the country as not to
remember the precepts and maxims of the early
fathers and founders of the Government? What
a spectacle you will present! Is no respect to be
given to the sentiment and policy of Mr. Calhoun,
distinguished, eminent as he was, in his day, and
at no recent date? He was no believer m the
theory that, when we once got possession of those
countiies, the Mexican States and Central Amer-
ica, we could soon Americanize them—assimilate
with them; or that those populations could be ex-
tinguished, and no longer form an obnoxious ele-
ment in our population.
Five million civilized and half civilized Indians
to enjoy the privileges of citizenship in Mexico !
liow many generations would there be before
they couid be assimilated, or before they could be-
come longei a poisonous obstruction in the prog-
ress of civilization, in the progiess of libeity,
eithei in their own country or as auxiliary to the
people of this.country in protecting them? How
long would it be before the population of the Cen-
tial American States, which can only boast ten
per cent, of the white race, by the same Ameri-
canizing process, could be fitted to become mem-
bers of tins Union,, aud to control the destinies of
this great country ?
But, Mr. President, I think there are some con-
siderations of a graver kind than any to which I
have yet alluded, connected with this idea of ex-
pansion, and i beg leave to occupy a few minutes
upon them. When you shall have extended your
dominion over the States of Mexico and Central
America, you will have added twelve million of a
population, for the most part perfectly imbecile
and incapable or either offensive or defensive war;
you will have added another million of square
miles to your present aiea; you will have added
another five thousand miles to the sea-coast line
! of frontier; and if this policy of expansion is
j connected with any idea of our becoming a great
i military Power, nothing could be more empty and
j idle than to suppose that would follow from such
a policy. I undertake to state here, that from the
| moment you consummate this policy and add the
: States of Mexico and Central America, both Eng-
j land and France, the great commercial and mari-
| time Powers of Europe, will breathe freer. From
! that moment all jealousy of the rismggiant Power
I of the western hemisphere stands at rest. I ven-
j ture to say more, that if you are prepared to annex
i those States now, or Willing to accept them, that
•either England nor France would fire a gun to
' prevent it, provided you gave the people of those
countries the enjoyment of the franchise, allowpd
the citizens of those two nations the benefit of
commerce, and assumed the debts due by those
several States to their own subjects. I venture
to say further, that they will signify, on those
conditions, their free assent that you should annex
them all; and if you will engage to annex the
