1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
railroad surveys, he will find that the number of
miles indicated by the Postmaster't*eoeral is thai
named on that map. The route taken by the con-
tractors has diverged very much from that on ac-
count of the difficulty of passing through the
Indian country, and for other reasons that I know
nothing: about.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has not ex-
actly answered my inquiry, which was to know
the actual distance traveled.
Mr. GW1N. I know no more of that than the
Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand it is twenty-
eight or twenty-nine hundred miles.
Mr. J3 RODERICK. It is twenty-seven or
twenty-eisht hundred miles.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do T understand the Sen-
ator from Illinois to say that is the distance from
Fort Smith ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The distance actually trav-
eled, as reported.
Mr. BENJAMIN. From St. Louis, or from
Fort Smith ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not suppose it
reached from St. Louis. The distance, as stated
in the Postmaster General's repoit, fiom San
Francisco bay, by San Jose, to Fulton, was one
thousand nine hundred and seventy-two miles;
and from San Francisco bay to San Francisco
city, forty-four miles. That would make the dis-
tance two thousand and sixteen miles.
Mr. GWIN. That is from Fulton, in Arkan-
sas, on the Red river.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the distance he
reported it at the time he required the contractors
to take this route from Fulton. Now, I under-
stand the actual distance from Fulton to be some
twenty-seven or twenty-eight hundred miles, as
actually traveled.
Mr. POLK. As the Senator from Illinois is
asking for information upon this subjcct, I can
state to him that I happen to have in my pocket
a recapitulation that will probably give him what
he wishes. From San Francisco to Los Angeles
is four hundred and sixty-two miles; from Los
Angeles to Fort Yuma, two hundred and eighty;
from Tucson to Franklin, three hundred and
sixty, from Franklin to Chadbourn,four hundred
and twenty-eight; from Chadbourn to Red ri-ver,
two hundred and eighty-two and a half; from
thence to Fort Smith, one hundred and ninety-
two; from Fort Smith to Tipton, the then termi-
nation of the Missouri Pacific railroad, three
hundred and eighteen and a half; from Tipton to
St. Louis, one hundred and sixty; making an ag-
gregate of two thousand seven hundred and sixty-
five miles; that is from San Francisco to St. Louis.
This is a recapitulation that I recollect cutting
from a newspaper, I think the Missouri Repub-
lican, giving the distances on the fitst occasion of
the passage of a passenger from San Francisco to
St. Louis, by that mail route.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The aggregate distance,
then, as I understand the Senator from Missouri,
is two thousand seven hundred and sixty-five
miles from the city of St. Louis.
Mr. POLK. That is this statement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is very considerably
more than the distance as stated by the Post-
master General, when you add the difference be-
tween St. Louis and Fulton in Arkansas. I only
allude to that to show the Senate the statistics
upon which the Postmaster General based his >
decision in taking this mail over that circuitous
route to San Ftanrisco.
Now, if under this act of Congress, passed in
1857, authorizing the PostmasterGeneral to con-
tract for the cariymg of a mail oveiland from a
point on the M issisMppi river, to be designated by
tiie contractors, to San Francisco, he hod author-
ity to make a contract over such a route as he
should designate—and he has made such a con-
tract, and the Government is paying for carrying
the mail over that route—I ask whether tne Presi-
dent of the United Stateswould haveany difficulty
in making a contiact for carrying the mail on
this railroad over any route that he should think
proper, provided he made the starting point be-
tween the mouths of the rivers indicated m the
bill. Therefore, with the experience we have
heretofore had, unless this bill is amended, partial
as I am to the project of a railroad to the Paci-
fic, I cannot vote for it. But if it be amended so
as to locate the road on a line which shall be cen-
tral, or nearly central, to the population and the
business of the country, I shall most cheerfully
give it my support; and I hope the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Har-
lan] will be adopted as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. YULEE. Before the Senator passes from
the subject of distance, I desire to call his atten-
tion to a fact in respect to the distance, which will
perhaps correct his misapprehension. The dis-
tance to which he adverted, as stated by the Post
Office Department, was two thousand miles be-
tween Fulton and San Francisco. 1 ascertained
upon inquiry from gentlemen acquainted with the
locality, that the distance between Fulton and St.
Louis, by way of FortSmfrth, excccds eighthun-
dred miles, which would make a distance alto-
gether of some two thousand eight hundred, or
two thousand nine hundred miles between St.
Louis and San Francisco; so that the distance of
two thousand seven hundred miles which the Sen-
ator states to be the actual experience of the travel
between St. Louis and San Francisco, is within
the distance to be derived from the report of the
Postmaster General at the last session. It is less
than the distance stated by him, with the addition
of the distance between Fulton and St. Louis.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not prepared, with
statistics, or tables of distances, to controvert the
statement of the Senator from Floiida, but really
I think it cannot be more than eight hundred miles
from any point in Arkansas to the city of St.
Louis. From my general knowledge of the coun- i
try, I think it impossible, unless you take the
same kind of road that the Postmaster General
has adopted, and travel in the form of an ox-bow,
up and down. A direct line surely cannot be eight
hundred miles.
Mr. YULEE. The distance from Fort Smith
to St. Louis is within a fraction of five hundred
miles, mid the distance between Fort Smith and
Fulton, as I am told, exceeds, as traveled, three
hundred miles, which would make eight hundred
and odd miles.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator from Illinois will
permit me before he goes to the other branch of
the subject, I desire to say that he is laboring un-
der a mistake in regard to the provisions of this
bill, and the power it confers on the President.
He says, the power conferred on the President
is in the first section of the bill, and that power
is conferred bywords providing that the road
shall beluilton the most eligible route, refer-
ence being had to feasibility, shortness, and econ-
omy. Pie says, that language gives the Presi-
dent power to select the route; but if (he Senator
will look at section two, he will see that the Pres-
ident is required to advertise for proposals; and
what aie they to be? Pie is to invito sealed pro-
posals for the construction of the road, and for
the performance of the service required by the
bill. And what is to be contained in those pro-
posals? He is not left any power at all, because
the bidders are required by the bill to put into
their proposals certain propositions upon which
the President is to decide. It was intended m
drawing the bill, (and it was drawn with great
care m reference to (hat object.) that the President
should have no further power than to determine '
on these sealed pioposals; and power \\\>s given
to him to select from among the bid"? the best for
the interests of the United States. What is to be
contained m the bids '
" The mucin which it i-- piopo?od to mn^mirtand
fhii'-h Mio eiitn e load, and put ttio sam<: into succo^iui op-
namm, uhich period fhall not exceed twelve yeas- fiorri
the e\<'ciUion of the ^oiuiact; aiso. extent and por-
tion o! >tud! o id, beimnnnsat tue p.^teni and wotui n teun-
mu-.and pmiiM'-c-ing coiitmiu.u-ly n.uil funded, shall lie
eoinpli-inl and [.iii i:i op>-i anon dui iiit  eae!) and even y^.ir.
" Serein3 Tin' nine m which .-aid p.uty wui suuender
that poiT.on of t-aid ioad, whien pa>s-e^ tinou<*'i the iern-
toty of tne i'nilcd States, witn i;s rolling ^lock and all ap-
puitr-'i.uicoe ti.cieunto. belonging to the UniU'd f-tatt^. tor
the piu ol bonus tian^'orred to the spvi al whirl)
inav bet carter he loimed out of sam teuitory4 <is h*ji 2in pio-
vuled. 1
These have to be stated in the bids; and again:
" TlurJ. At what late, p i ujilepri annum, note eroding
$500.11 h p.opo^ed to oany the Tinted bratc- m i da.lj,
both ways, on said road, under tie duection oi tiio Post
Oilier l>paitmcnt, foi thopouod or twenty 5 ear- siomthe
completion ot the load.and nl.-ofor iliu poition uh dsnny
be m u-r while the said load h in course 01 consn: <ii<m ;
and at what tatc p*n mile, for a like period, upon earn sec-
tion as it is completed. 111-> pu>po-ed to oain (>■> >;icl >oad,
undei the diiecuon of the pmp.n- 1). p;<;tuient--. al! naMaty
and na\al fiipp!^-. t. cop-;. ?oam< n. pa:-eng< 1^, and treiffhts
01 all kinds ior Govt l.uhent purpose*. wnti the hotifahou
thar the price to be paid shall net, in any event. either oi
peace or of war, exceed the sum which in time of peace"
has been heretofore paid for similar service, or equal amjou&t
upon any existing route." ' -
The only discretion that is left the President
is, that if one party agrees to carry thenaaiF for
less than $500 a mile, and agrees to carry the mu-
nitions of war at less than present rates* h^ is re-
quired to select those contractors who agree to
build the road on the best terms to the United
States. He has no power to assign a route* nor
is there anything to be said about the route; but
when he makes the contract according to the pro-
posals, they are required to select the route and
lay it before him, and then he i&required to with-
hold the public lands for forty miles on both sides
of the line. It is stated specifically in the bill
what the proposals are to contain, and then, after
the contract is made, the law prescribes the man-
ner in which the route shall be located, and that
is by the contractors; but the intention is, that
capital shall find the best route and locate it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Experience is, perhaps,
our best teacher in this matter; and the Senator
from California, who is interested in these over-
land mail routes, cannot but have observed the
construction that the executive department of this
Government put upon our act two years ago.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me, I
will say that the provisions of that act are not
like those I have just read. There is not a soli-
tary clause in that act in regard to the route. The
contractors are required to select the place on the
Mississippi river where it shall commence, but
not a woid is said that they shall select the route.
If the Senator will read this bill, he will see that
it was drawn up to take from the President all
power in reference to the selection of the route.
The contractors have the power to select it be-
tween the Kansas and Big Sioux rivers. It was
'intended to prevent any party but the contractors
having the power. «
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see what the facts
are.
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was going to answer
the Senator from California. I do not know the
purpose of he Senator from Missouri.
Mr. POLK. I will state my purpose. It is
merely to pay that I have been informed since I
was up before, that accompanying the message
of the President of the United States, there is a
statement made by arf individual who went out
with the overland mail, of the distance traveled.
He himself has informed me that he made the
estimate; and it is accurate, giving the entire dis-
tance between San Francisco and St. Louis,
which has been printed in the documents accom-
panying the President's message. I will add that
he has informed me that he supposes the state-
ment from which I read before isa recapitulation
of the distances given by himself. He says,
however, that there is some error in the addition,
and that the distance between St. Louis and San
Francisco is more than is here given, and I think
he says is some two thousand nine hundred miles
on the overland mail route.
Mr. COLL AM ER. The Buttcrfield route ?
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Lest I forget it, I will first
attend to the Senator from Fionda, [Mr. Yulee,]
as I have cast my eye on a map since he was up
and stated the distance from Fulton to St. Louis,
by way of Fort Smith. From my general knowl-
edge of the country, I knew that it could not be
eight hundred miles from any point in Arkansas
to St. Louis, on a direct line; and, upon looking
at (he map, I find that Fulton lies further east
■ than Fort Smith; that you must pass Fort Smith
i in order to get to Fulton. Fort Smith is as near
; San Franciscoas Fulton City—justabout thesame
; distance; and, in order to make out the eight hun-
j dred miles, the Senator from Florida takes the
| mail-carrier east of Fort Smith to Fulton City, and
t then has him traveled back again to Fort Smith,
! and thence to St. Louis. Well, I reckon that
| would makeei^ht hundred miles: but the distance
1 from Fort Smith to St. Louis is nothing like eight
hundred miles: and this shows that the distance
to be traveled from Si. Louis to San Francisco,
on the oveiland mail route, is, by hundreds of
miles, greater than what the Postmaster General
stated it to he in the report of his contract made
• with these individuals.
Now, sii, aa to the Senator from California, he
