1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1347
been put forth m regard to Cuba, as the key to
the Gulf of Mexico, and as a strategical point
to hold this mare nostrum, our sea, as it has been
called—that sea which receives the commerce
of nearly one third of the whole United States,
which is poured out through the great Father of
Waters. I have listened to all this with great at-
tention; and I have endeavored to bring my mind
to a calm and full consideration of the subject with
reference to all the alleged benefits which are to
result from the acquisition of this island. I have
listened with much interest to the clear and cogent
arguments, to the strong and full view, presented
by the honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Benjamin,] of the horrible condition of Hayti and
San Domingo, of those once-favored isles of the
sea, and the blasting effects of emancipation upon
their social condition. He has forcibly portrayed
the despotism, the ignorance, the indolence, the
brutish barbarity of that people, and the dread
desolation which has followed m tly train ofeman-
cipation.
I have listened to all this in reference to its
bearing on the acquisition of Cuba, and I have
not heard a single /ord from the advocates of this
measure as to its olitical effect upon the future
destiny of this cc ntry. I have had no satisfac-
tory reason assigned to me, either by the Presi-
dent or by the Committee on Foreign Relations,
for this measure, beyond the mere impression that
we could negotiate for, and obtain Cuba by peace-
able means. Instead of coming to any such con-
clusion, a careful consideration of the report of
the committee,as well as the tenor of the speeches
of honorable gentlemen in advocacy of the meas-
ure, satisfy me that they look ultimately rather
to the contingency of violence. If gentlemen have
been in earnest on this question, they mean vio-
lence, or they mean nothing. Mighty questions
are involved, which I,as a Senator on this floor,
acting in conjunction with the executive branch
of this Government in the negotiation of treaties,
have a right to be informed upon, before I am
asked to give my vote, not merely for millions of
money, but for a measure which may involve
the whole civilized world in war, and lose to us
this union of States, for which so much has been
periled and endured.
Mr. President, I desire to meet these mighty
issues in all candor and all honesty; noi simply
as a party measure, to elevate one candidate for
the Presidency or another; but being entirely free
from influences of thatkind, I dare to speak what
I believe to be rightand justand honest. I glory, ;
as one member from that portion of the United j
States who are supposed especially to advocate ]
this measure—I mean the southern portion of the 1
United States—to speak what I believe earnestly
and sincerely to be the interest of the people of
that section of the country, without any reference
whatever to its political effect upon parties, or
myself.
f trust I may be paidoned if I make use of ';
language which may appear to be harsh to gen - ij
tlemen upon the other side; for I have a high re- jj
spect for many of the honorable Senators who ij
support this measure, and I regret extremely that j;
an occasion has presented itself to me*coming i
from the southern section of the Union, when 1 j!
lnubt dissent so entirely from the general propo- ;i
Mtwns of the report. This bill is based upon the j|
idea that we can acquire Cuba by peaceful nego- j!
tjation; but I take the report itself, and from a i:
full investigation of its scope and meaning, I am '
irresistibly led to the conclusion that wc cannot, j
by any possible effort, m the present position of,
our relations with Spam, acquire Cuba without a ,
convulsion which may rend this country to its j
very center, or destroy forever those principles of
government which we have ever conside ted essen- j
tied to the growth and permanency of our msti- j
unions. [
The report of the honorable Sonatorfrom Louis- ;
iana is based upon the supposition that there are ;
but three alternatives with regard to the future of j
Cuba. The first is its possession by one of the :
two great European Powers. The committee '■
k ay: i
"Th>s we have declined to be incompatible; with our j
t-afetv, and have announced to the world that any attempt j
in con-Liiamutu it wiH be resisted by all the mean^ in our |
powei *' j
To that I am willing to assent. The second :
alternative is the independence of the island. The
report says:
(( Thi  independence can only be nominal; it never could
be maintained in fact. In would eventually fall under some
protectorate, open or disguised."
That, I imagine, means the protectorate of the
United States. As to whether that would be the
interest of the United States, I am not so entirely
deai as I am on the other proposition. The
third and last alternative, says the report, is an-
nexation to the United States. This annexation
is to be by conquest or negotiation:
(i Conquest, even without "the hostile interference of
another European Power than Spam, would be expensive,
but with such interference, would probably involve the'
whole civilized world in wai."
With that declaration of the report I entirely
agree.
" It would, besides, in all probability, lead to servile in-
surrection, and to the great injury, or even total destruc-
tion of the industry of the island.
That is true.
" Purchase, then, by negotiation seems to be the only
piacticablc course ; and, in the opinion of the committee,
that cannot be attempted with any reasonable prospect of
success, unites the Pi evident be furnished with the means
winch he has suirsested m his annual message, and which
the bill pioposes to give him."
I regret, Mr. President, that in this report there
is not a single line or word to induce me to be-
lieve that we can acquire Cuba peaceably by ne-
( gotiation. There has not been a single word
i uttered on this floor which could induce me to
| entertain any such belief. No Senator has shown
! to me the manner in which this negotiation is to
| be conductcd, or how the $>30,000,000 is to be
j| applied, or in what manner it is to be used. As
| I intimated before, I as a Senator, as a member
the coordinate branch of the executive depart-
j| ment, of the treaty-making power, am called upon
to gtvc my advice and consent to a negotiation of
this sort, with the express and avowed declaration
in the speeches of gentlemen, that war maybe
the result, of any attempt on our part to obtain
Cuba after the declaration of the Spanish Cortes
that the island is not for sale, and that any prop-
osition to that effect would be regarded as insult-
ing, and just cause of war.
I assume the ground that this proposition to
appropriate $30,000,000 virtually takes out of the
hands of the Senate the treaty-making power,
and gives to the President of the United States !
full authority to use this money as he pleases, j
This is proposed, too, when we have before us, in t
the report, the declaration of the present President !
of the United States, while Secretary of State, in ]
his instiuctions to Mr. Saunders, in 1848, that at ;
that time, in no view which he had taken of the j
subjcct, was there but slight probability that we :
could treat successfully for the peaceable acqnisi- j
tion of Cuba. I
It is a singular foot worthy of note, and which ]
has been already alluded to, that, upon the very '
day, and almost at the very moment, when this j
report of our Committee on Foreign Relations i
was made to the Senate, the steamer arrived in :
New York, bringing the debate in the Cortes of
Spain, m which it was declared that Spain would [
icgardsuch a proposition as a positive*and dircct j
insult to her honor and dignity if we ventured to ;
make it. The proposition had frequently been j
made, had often been pressed upon the consider- !
ation of Spain, and in every instance indignantly i
spurned and rejected. Certainly, then, when I |
am called upon to give my vote in favor of a '
measure like this now, I have a right, at least, to
ask what are the reasons for supposing, in view
of all that has transpired, that there is a proba-
bility of our possessing peaceably the Island of
Cuba a! this time? I have not yet heard them.
Mr. 3LLDELL. As the Senator from Mary-
land insists with great earnestness upon this
point, I will simply ask him whether he cannot
very well imagine that the President may possess
information—I do not wish to fre understood as
intimating that he has—which induces him to be-
hove the acquisition by negotiation possible or
probable, and that it would be of a nature which
it would not be proper to communicate to the
Senate ?
Mr. KENNEDY. If the President has infor-
mation of that sort, I certainly have a right to
know something about it befoie I am called upon
tn vote on so momentous a question as this, which,
in the very language of the report itself, may in-
volve " the whole civilized world in war."
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator will-read the
report carefully, I think he will find that there is
no intimation and no expression of any appre-
hension the most remote that the acquisition of
Cuba by negotiation from Spain would lead to
any such result.
Mr. KENNEDY. That is the very point I
am coming to. I trust I may be pardoned if, at
the expense of being considered a little tiresome,
I refer to the citations contained in the report. I
rely upon them entirely, and they are of such a
nature that I am compelled to come to an oppo-
site conclusion from the honorable Senator. I
have come to the conclusion that these $30,000,000
for which I am called to vote, and in regard to the
application of which I am entirely ignorant, will
involve this country in a war. That is precisely
the point I desire to present.
Mr. Buchanan, in his instruction^ to Mr. Saun-
ders, on the 17th of June, 1848, said:
" With these considerations in view, the President be-
lieves that the crisis has arrived when an effort should be
made to purchase the Island of Cuba from Spairi, and hehas
detei mined to intrust you with the performance of this most
delicate and important duty. The attempt should be made,
in the first instance, in a confidential conversation with the
Spanish Minister for Foreign Affairs ; a written offer might
pioduce an absolute icfusal m writing, which would embar-
rass us hereafter m the acquisition of the island. Besides,
from the incessant changes in the Spanish Cabinet and pol-
icy, our desire to make the purchase might thus be made
known in an official form to foieign Governments, and
arouse their jealousy and active opposition. Indeed, even
if the present Cabinet should think favorably of the propo-
sition, they might begreaiiy embarrassed b\ having it placed
on lecord; for, m that event, it would almost certainly,
through some channel, reach the opposition and become the
subject of discussion in the Coites."
Now, he has indicated the very line of policy
which he was then charging his minister to avoid.
He has made an open proposition through the
councils of our own country, by the introduction
of a bill appropriating $30,000,000, to be used in
sccrct negotiation, contrary to the usage, and, in
my humble judgment, contrary to the spirit of the
Constitution, rle has asked us to yield to him a
power which has been held sacred, under the
Constitution, hitherto: the right of this body to
hold within its own grasp the full power of action
upon all treaties with foreign countries. He goes
further m these instructions, and says:
"At your interview with ttie Minister for Foreign Affaire,
you might introduce the subject by jeferring to the present
distracted condition of Cuba, and the danger which exists,
that the populauon will make an attempt to accomplish a
revolution."
This is the old argument which we have again
on this floor to-day:
"This mun be well known to the Spanish Government*
In order to convince him of the good faith and friendship
towaids Spam, with which this Government has acted, you
might read to him the first pait of my dispatch to General
Campbell, and the older i&surd by the Sccrctaiy of Wai to
the commanding general in Me\ico, and to the officer hav-
'ing charge of the embarkation of our troops at Vera Cruz.
You may then touch delicately upon the dangertluit Spam
may loot: Cuba by a involution in the inland, or that it mav
be vvret-ted from her b\ Gieat Britain,should arupture lake
place between the two countries, arising out of the dismissal
of tfii Ilcnry Bulwer, ami be retained to pay the Spanish
debt due to the Brm«h bond-holders. You might assure
lum that, whilst this Government is entirely satisfied that
Cuba shall remain under the dominion of Spam, we should,
in any event, resist its acqu'^itiou by any othei nation.-"
This argument of 1848 is the argument of 1859,
without a single change:
" And, finally, you mightnifoim lnm that, under all these
ciicnmstances, the President had amved at the conclusion
tiiat Spain might be willing to tiansfer the inland to the
United States for a fan and lull consideration."
Now, sir, all those considerations were pre-
sented; and how was the offer received? With in-
dignation and contempt. The same language was
used then, almost verbatim, that has been used
within the last three months in the Spanish Cortes.
Now, I ask what other assurances has the Presi-
dent had, since these instruction^ were written by
himself, as Secretary of State, to Mr. Saunders;
what assurance has he, in the face of the late decla-
ration of the Spanish Cortes, to induce him to
believe that he can now acquire Cuba by peace-
able negotiation ? Not one line nor one woid that
has been written or spoken, by any advocate of
the acquisition of Cuba, convinces me, oi' has
shown to the country at large, that there is the
slightest hope or probability of our acquiring Cuba
without violence.
Mr. Buchanan is not the only gentleman who
