1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
asked, with great pertinence, what we were to do
with the free negroes we already have? Sir, I can
answer his question in part. With the drain
that would be upon the old slave States to furnish
labor to sugar and cotton, a drain which we now
seriously feel, it would be but a shoit time when
free- negroes would'be all that remained to us.
Mr. President', these are considerations of most
momentous importance. In my view, these meas-
ures, if accomplished and carried out, tend not
only to the disturbance of political parties, but to
the entire subversion of principle in this country,
and. not only that, but to the dissolution of the
Union as it now exists. Although I do not be-
lieve it is an easy matter to divide this Union, I
think our present form of Government will be
changed. 1 think that party spit it, sectional jeal-
ousies, and the advocacy of what I conceive to
be a mistaken view of State rights, will so fritter
away the power of your Federal Government that
your Constitution will be but a rope of sand, to
he disregarded and to be spurned imhe hour when
you most require it to hold you together. You
can abolish a Constitution; you can change a Gov-
ernment; but you cannot divide a continent of free
pcopfe into two separate Republics.
I may be asked how this Government will be
broken up r I answer, because you have not the
powerin your Govcrnmenthere to enfoice the ob-
ligations of the Constitution. These are bold sen-
timents to utter, but I am happy to have an oppor-
tunity to give utterence to them, because I believe
them to be true. I am as devoted to the principles
upon which this Union was formed as any man
who lives under the flag of the country; but I
hove seen a policy ingrafted upon the institutions
of the country which must .sap the very founda-
tions of the Government; and I am bold to de-
clare that I have no confidencc in the permanency
of the present Constitution with all the sectional
jealousies and conflicting interests which have
grown up in the wild and reckless struggle for
paity ascendency, and the open disregard that is
proclaimed against the obligations of its laws.
The doctrine of State rights applied very well
when there was danger of a strong consolidated
central Government. It applied very well-when
there was a disposition to concentrate all power
in the General Government. In the early history
of this country, it was predicted that its growth
would bring about results wluch were then de-
nied and denounced by an opposite party—the
party, I mean, advocating the power of the States
over the Federal Government. That would ap-
ply very well as long as wc were a homogeneous j
racc of people, as long as we were bound together |
by the recollection of common troubles and com- '
mon trials; as long as we were bound together by ;
the remembrance of a common causc of oppres- ;
sion and a common deliverance. '
But, sir, that day has passed. Our country ]
has prospered; her fertile plains are expansive, I
broad, and rich in all that contribute to the wealth j
and happiness of man. People from every clime ;
have been brought under the ajgis of olir Consti- •
tution. Our interests have spread far from the (
central Government. Under the doctnne of State '
rights* the doctnne of the right of the States to .
put their own construction on the Constitution of i
the United States, you have now come to that ,
pass that you have no common interpretation of \
your laws; the Supreme Court is derided and j
scorned; threats have been made against its per-1
manency; denunciation has been hurled against;
that branch of your Government, the only sheet- j
anchor of your liberties, upon which all law must;
rest, and all the security you have, not only for j
your political rights, but for your individual rights j
and property. Your Government has come to i
that pass, to-day, when it is almost impotent to |
enforce the plainest requirements of its laws in j
the preservation of the peace of the country. |
These, Mr. President, may, perhaps, be re-!
garded as unpopular sentiments, but I care noth-'
mg for popularity in the exposition of what I
believe to be adangerous condition of affairs grow-
ing up in the country, and one which must tend,
if not arrested, to the utter destruction of all that
we have most cherished and regarded as wise and
good m our history.
Upon this particular subject of the consolida- j
tion of power, permit me to say here that I have j
witnessed, in my short experience, deplorable evi- J
dcnce of the fact that men, however honest and  
sincere in th eir ad vocacy of what they bel ie ve to be
constitutional obligations, have been oftentimes
seduced into the position of yielding the most
vital principles of the Government. I have found
gentlemen fiom my section of the Union, but of
'! a different party from myself, with whom I have
j affiliated and delighted to affiliate upon every
; question not in conflict with my own views of law
and constitutional obligation—gentlemen stand-
! ing under the same banner and wearing the same
party uniform—advocating sentiments directly
opposite to and in conflict one with another. In
old times, I was called a consolidationist, having
acted formerly with the Whig party. I was de-
nounced as belonging to that odrous party which
desired to consolidate all power in the hands of
the Government and take "it from the people. I
have been thus denounced by members of that
party which now has upon your table, Mr. Presi-
dent, two bills of a more dangerous tendency, more
directly tending to the consolidation of power m
the hands of one man than all that the old Whig
party, andall that the old Federal party, ever did.
I say, ther^are now before this body two meas-
ures which will tend more to the consolidation of
power than all that has ever been clone by any
party in this country,' in all its previous history.
I allude to this bill now before us to put into the
hands of the President $30,000,000 to negotiate a
treaty, and if a treaty should be the result, and
should prove to be adverse to the interest of thu
country or the views of the Senate, our $30,000,000
would be lost; or we must ratify the treaty to save
the money, at any expense—even at the expense
of the honor of the nation.
The other bill to which I allude in conncction
with that, is to give the Executive of this Govern-
ment, elected by the voice of the people, and who
''professes to bow in humble submission, to the
will of the majority at all limes, the absolute power
to eontiol the destinies of this nation, by placing
at Ins disposal the, Army and Navy, upon any
occasion whatever, when he may sec fit to ledress
any wrongs committed by foreign Powers against
the citizens of the United States. These two aie
measures of consolidation, far outstripping eny
proposition that ever came from the old Fedeial
party; a union of purse and sword, conferring
upon the President of this fiee Republic a power
which even Louis Napoleon would not dare to
exercise, in all the fullness of his pride and au-
thority.
Gentlemen of the Democratic party around me
advocate one day the giving away of the whole
public domain of the United States, not for pur-
poses of general benefit to the States, who ate the
owners of the domain, but to squatters and set-
tlers from the whole world; not to give them to the
States, under a general distribution law, for the
purposes of education, or the improvement of
rivers and haibors, or other great matters of vital
interest to the States, but to give them away to
settlers; thus offering a bonus to emigration from
the old States, to be left with debt and deserted
fields, as well as to the outpourings of the lazar-
houses of the Old World, and to the discontented
and disturbed spirits from every quarter of the
globe. And when thus induced to come heie,
the wrong is further augmented by extending to
them a cheap and easy franchise, upon a simple
declaration of intention to become citizens, allow-
ing them to vote and to control the institutions of
this country, before they know scarcely one word
of our language, or have the smallest compre-
hension of what the principles and laws of this
Government require.
Again: I have heard gentlemen of this same
Democratic party, and especially my honorable
friend from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] with much
learning and ability, oppose a proposition to
give to the old States of the Union a portion of
this great domain, to whom it rightfully belongs,
while other gentlemen, a majority of his own
party, have proposed to give the whole *o all the
world for settlement. When it was proposed to
give a portion of the public land to the old States,
for the purpose of agricultural education, the sen-
sibility of my learned friend from Alabama was
terribly shocked. He opposed it as the grossest
violation of the spirit of the Constitution that
had ever been presented on this floor. I admire
the honesty and the zeal of that gentleman^ I
believe him to be conscientious in his opposition
to a measure that he conceived to be dangerous to
the interests of the country, and violative of the
Constitution. But it is passing strange that gen-
tlemen who have such a diversity of sentiment
and views of the Constitution should all belong to
the same corps, and march to the same music,
with the same banner waving over their heads,
inscribed with that most comprehensive word,
"Democracy," which seems to embrace every
degree and shade of party definition.
We are also called upon to consider a bill
passed by the popular branch of this Govern-
ment, against which the honorable Senator has .
made a report, which appropriates $8,000,000 of
money to those who have fought for the honor of
this country. Surely, sir, if any one class is en-
titled to the favor of this Government more than
another, it is the old soldiers who have risked
their lives in guarding and defending it, rather
than the people of a far-off land, strangers in heart,
strangers in feeling, and strangers to our institu-
tions. +
Sir, I only mention these facts to show how
gentlemen of the same party differ on these ques-
tions, I speak as a southern man with all my
interests, all my feelings, all my affinities, all my
associations with the people of the South, and I
am constrained to say that they have overstated
their list of grievances, and that they have under-
estimated the position of the conservative portion
of the northern States.
Now, Mr. President, allow me to go back one
step to notice another view of this question'. I
have already said, and I think the report fully
bears me out, that the acquisition of Cuba, with-
out violence, is not contemplated. The honora-
ble Senator from Florida [Mr. Mallory] admit-
ted the fact, and I find in a speech made in the
other House by a member from Louisiana, a very
different view is presented from that taken by the
Senatoi from Louisiana. I profess, at least, to
know something of the political economy of the
southern States, and I dissent entirely from the
vipw expressed by many gentlemen, as to the
• uVc> of the annexation of Cuba on the southern
S'Wes, which we are to seize under the bill giving
p'/wcr to the President, if it cannot be obtained in
any more quiet manner; and while upon this ques-
tion of seizing Cuba, and holding it, allow me to
consider for a moment, how we are to hold Cuba
against either France or England, or both, if
they choose to dissent. The honorable Senator
from Florida has intimated to-day, clearly, that
there is ari understanding between Spain and
England in regard to it. I have, before me, in a
book, from which my honorable friend from Lou-
isiana quoted very freely, the celebrated declara-
tion of Lord Clarendon, when he says:
" The union between the two Governments has not been,
confined to the Eastern question. The happy accord and
good understanding between Fiance and England, have
been extpnded beyond the Eastern policy to the policy af-
tectin? all part* of the woild; and I am heartily rejoiced to
say. that there w no portion of the two hemispheres with re-
gard to winch the policy of the two counti u s, however here-
tofore antaiionihtic, i& not now in entne liaimony."
These and other evidences most conclusively
prove to my mind the truth of the declaration
made by Mr. Marcy, in 1853, that there is a se-
cret understanding between Spain and England
that we are not to have Cuba without violence.
Then let me ask the Senate, in the first place,
how are we to hold Cuba, if by any possibility
we shall get possession of it ? What is the power
of your country? While it is great upon the
continent, what means of transportation to the
Island of Cuba have you ? How are you to trans-
port your men; how are you to defend the coast
of that island from the assaults of any strong
military power? The honorable Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Polk,] in his description of Cuba,
told us of not less than fifty-three ports in the
island. What is the disposable force of the Uni-
ted States Navy? What have you shown in your
demonstration against Paraguay b What has been
that invincible armada, that we have sent to en--
force indemnity against a poor, weak Power,
scarcely recognized among the nations of the
earth ? Canal boats and side-wheel steamers and
open-decked vessels, one half of which may never
reach their destination, and the other half worth-
less when they arrive there. The great American
people, with a larger commercial marine than any
other Power on the face of the earth, presents the
humiliating aspect of a disposable naval force of
only fifty-seven ships and ve&sels of all kinds.
