1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
this day is set apart for private business, and I
must object on that account, and on that ground
solely.
On motion of Mr. COBB, it was
Ordered. That the Committee on Public Lands he dis-
chaiped from the further consideration of the memorial of
the citizens of Missouri, asking for a grant of land for school
purposes.
Mr. COBB. I was directed by the Committee
on Public Lands, at the last session, to report back,
with a recommendation that it do pass, Senate bill
(No. 235) for thl relief of Martin Layman; and
I ask that the bill be put upon its passage.
The bill authorizes Martin Layman to enter the
southwest quarter of section thirty-six, township
twenty-nine north, range twenty-four west, in
the Minneapolisland district, State of Minnesota,
on payment of the usual minimum of $1 25 per
acre; and authorizes the superintendent of schools
in the State of Minnesota to select an equal
quantity of land for the use of the public schools.
Mr. COBB. This bill provides for permitting
Martin Layman to enter a portion of the thirty-
sixth section of a township in Hennepin county,
in the State of Minnesota. The facts of the case
are simply these : in 1852, Samuel and David
Hanscomentered upon this land, which was then
unsurveyed, and erected a dwelling house on it,
costing $150, with the intention of claiming the
land by preemption. In 1853, they sold or quit-
claimed their right to the land to Thomas Dumas,
who entered and settled upon the land, residing
there with his family, and expending during the
year, in improvements upon it, £350. In October
of the same year, he sold or quit-claimed his right
to the petitioner fur the sum of $1,000, who, with
his family, have lesided on the land since that
time.
The act of 1857 provides that bona fide settlers
upon the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections of the
public lands, should have their lands confirmed
to them, if they had complied with the provisions
of the preemption act of 1841, which provides that
a person entering upon such unsurveyed lands
shall have made certain improvements thereon.
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to a question of order.
This is not a private bill. It provides that the
State of Minnesota may enter lands. I piesume
the State of Minnesota does not come here as a
private claimant.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is a pri-
vate bill.
Mr. COBB. I was proceeding to say that if
this petitioner had himself erected the house in
which he has lived since 1854, he would have
been entitled to enter the land at $1 25 per acre;
but he did not build the house, though he pur-
chased the house, with the preemption title, at a
cost of $1,000. Mr. Layman has fenced and put
under cultivation eighty acres, and made other
improvements, valued at $2,000. He has built a
good farm-house; he is a man of good reputation;
he is represented to be a poor man, having a fam-
ily of twelve children, and asks that Congress
will allow him to enter this land at the rate of&125
per acre, as he would have been entitled to do
under the act of 1857, if he had built the house
upon the land when he purchased it.
I hope there will be no objection to this bill,
and that it will be allowed to pass without being
referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
It can do no harm to anybody, and I hope the
House will allow this old man to enter his land
before he dies and leaves his wife with twelve
children destitute of the means of subsistence.
Mr. SMITH, of Vnginm. I desire to obtain
some information in relation to this case. I un-
deistand it is one of a large number of cases
which are continually arising, and I would sug-
gest that a general law be passed covering ail
such claims.
Mr. COBB. There was a general law passed
at the last session of Congress. The only diffi-
culty in bringing this cape under that law is, that
the petitioner did not build the house himself.
Air. CKAFF£E. 1 move that the bill be re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 79, noes 51.
Mr. COBB. I have discharged my duty faith-
fully. I now move that the petition be printed,
and that it may be considered as the report of the
committee.
The petition was oidered to bq printed.
Mr. MILLSON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back with a recommendation that
it do pass, an act (S. No. 400) to surrender the
stock of the United States in the Dismal Swamp
Canal Company, upon certain conditions, to said
company; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, made adverse reports on the
following; which were severally laid on the table:
The memorial of J. H. Langley and others, for
a recognition of their rights as preemptors of lands
on the late military reservation on Rock Island;
The petition of citizens of North Carolina, for
an amendment of the bounty land laws;
The petition of the soldiers of "the ninety-ninth
regiment of the Virginia militia, for bounty land
for services in the war of 1812;
A joint resolution relative to a grant of land in
aid of a railroad from Hastings to the Red River
of the North;
A joint resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Georgia relative to the rules of evidence in ap-
plications for bounty land; and
The petition of John F. Davis, for bounty land.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, asked that the committee be
discharged from the farther consideration of the
petition of F. B. Graham, of Washington, Indi-
ana, for damages for wreck of a fiat-boat by the
United States frigate Alleghany, in the Missis-
sippi river, and that the same be referred to the
Court of Claims.
It was so ordered.
He also, from the same committee, made ad-
verse reports on the following petitions; which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed:
The petition of L. Hall, for reimbursement of
money expended by him; and
The petition of Nathan Carver.
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases; which
were severally laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed:
The petition of Ira Carpenter; and
The petition of Joseph H. James, late surgeon
in the sixth infantry.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, made adverse reports in
the following cases; which were severally laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed:
The petition of William C. Reudall, in reference
to the condemnation of his property for the Wash-
ington aqueduct; and
The petition of Mary L. Nourse.
Mr. SAJN'DIDGE, from the Committee on j
Private Land Claims, reported back, with amend- j
ments, an act (S. No.327) to affirm ccitain entries j
of land in the State of Louisiana; which was re- ,
ferred to a Committee of the Whole fiouse, and '
the bill, amendments, and report, ordered to be |
printed. j
He also, from the same committee, made ad- ,
verse reports in the following cases; which were \
laid on the table, and the reports ordered to be ;
printed: j
The petition of the heirs of Colonel John Ellis; j
The petition of Norbert F. Scopini, admimstra- '
tor of Jacques (Jiapp; and i
The petition ofQ-uincy A. Baker. |
Mr. GREENWOOD,"from the Committee on ;
Indian Affairs, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, an act (S. No. 377) for the ;
relief of Madison Swetzer; which was referred to ;
a Committee of the Whole fl ouse, and the bill and
accompanying papers ordered to be punted. ;
Mr. COLFAX,'from the same committee, re-i
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pa^s, an act (3. No. 1;<1) for the udief of Anson
Dart; which was referred to a Committee of the .
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-,
port, ordered to be punted.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Mill- J
tary Affairs, reported bills of the following titles; .
winch were severally read a first and second time, .
and referred to a Committee of the Whole House ;
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accom- j
panymg reports, ordered to be printed: I
A bill for the relief of John F. Sanfotd, admin-
istrator cle bonis noti of the estate of Robe.it San-
foid, deceased, :
A bill for the relief of Bcrjcmin and Thomas ,
Laurent; and '
A bill for the relief of Charles StiHm&n.
He also, from the same committee, reported
adversely on the following cases; -which ''were
laid upon the table, and the reports, ordered to be
printed: - '
The petition of Daniel Waldo; and ' •* 7'
The petition of Charles Stillman,
Pie also, from the same committer, Reported
back Court of Claims report (No. X41)'advcrse
to the claim of Abraham R. Woolley, with* the
recommendation that it be concurred in; which
was agreed to.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
reported bills of the following titles; which were
severally read a first and second time, referred,to a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar,
and, with the accompanying reports, ordered to
be printed:
A bill for the relief of Julius Martin;
A bill for the relief of Annie E. Bronaugh; and
A bill for the relief of Antoine Robedoux.
On motion of Mr. BUFFINTON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs 6e dis-
chaiged from tlie further consideration of the followiagpe-
titions, and that they be laid upon the table : :
The petition of Jonathan Lay, of California }
The petition of James Monroe ;
The pennon of Fiank Madison; and
The petition of DaviU W. Wells.
On motion of Mr. WiNSLOW, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval A flan she dis-
clmrged ftom tho further consideration of the memorial of
R Piermont. and others, prayin? for compensation for sav-
ins tho United States ship- Ran tan and Yandaha fiom
di stinction by fire on the 1 Ith of October, J847, and that
the s.,une hp laid upon the table.
Mt*. SHERMAN, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of John Allen, of Harrington, Maine; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, oidered to be printed.
On motion of Mr, SHERMAN, of Ohio, it
was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged ftom the fuitliei consideration of the following pe-
tition*, and that the same be laid upon the table:
Tne petition of John Caspaday ; and
The petition of William P. Bovvhay.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
owners, officers', and crew of the brig General
Armstiong; which was read a first and second
time, and, with the accompanying report, ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. ZOLL1COFFER, it was
Ordered, That the Commute ou Territories be dis-
chaiifed from Ihe futthet consideration of the peiilion of
Samuel A. Lowe, and that the same be laid upon the table.
Mr. HICKMAN", from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported back Senate bills
of the following titles, with the recommendation
that they do pass; which were referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying papers, ordered to be printed:
An act (No. 298) for the relief of Catharine Ja-
cobs, widow of Fiankhn Jacobs, a waiter in the
military household of General Washington.
An act (No. 1-19) for tho relief of Hannah
Swoop, widow of John Swoop, deceased.
On motion of Mr. HICKMAN, it was
Ordered, Thattho Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
bo fli>chai ed from the I'uither consideration o{ the petitions
of Daniel Couit, and W. D. V. Kurd, and that the same be
laid on the table, and punted.
On motion of Mr. PARKER, it was
Oidered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claim?;
be di-ch.utied fioin the lutther coni>idei««ion of the petitions
of J oh ii Xeiil Emma Delaney, and William Humphrey, and
that ihe same he laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. BRAYTON, it was
Ordered, That tho Committee on Patents and the Patent
OiTme be disehaigfd from the fiuther consideration ot the
pennons oi William A. Burl. Emmons Wateii-,and Hoiatio
Hubbeil, and that the s-ame be hod on the table, and printed.
On motion of Mr. NIBLACK, it was
Oidered, That the Committee on Patents be discharged
from the further consideration of the memorials of William
R, Nevins and Richard Imley, and that the *ame be laid on
the table, and printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I am directed by the
Committee on Mileage to ask to be discharged
from the further consideration,^f the petition of
F. T. D. Bettler,and that the same be referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims. Tho
Committee on Mileage did not see that there way
