1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February .25,
Our commerce is in every sea; our flag is flying
in every quarter of the globe.
Suppose, sir, that England should assume the
position which she has already threatened; sup-
pose, as was intimated by the honorable Senator
from Florida to-day, England should stand by
and allow Spain to Africanize Cuba: what power
have we to preverit such a calamity ? Our whole
fifty-seven ships, if concentrated, could hot hold
that island for twenty-four hours, or put men
epough there to prevent a servile insurrection.
The probability of the Africanization of Cuba was
put with great force to-day by the honorable Sen-
ator from Florida; but I should like to know the
difference between Cuba Africanized and Hayti
Africanized. Cuba is said to be one hundred and
forty miles from the capes of Florida. Suppose
Cuba should become one of the States of the
Union: we should then be only sixty miles from
an Africanized Power, for I understand it is about
sixty miles fr#m Cuba to Hayti. Then, what do
we gain by it in this view ? Nothing.
But, sir, if we acquire Cuba by purchase, what
are.we to buy ? The sovereignty of the island,
the right to take care of it, the right to defend it,
the right to fight for it; and for that, what are we
to pay? One hundred and fifty million dollars,
or perhaps $200,000,000. Have gentlemen con-
sidered the fatal drain that it will be on the other
southern States? It has been asserted, again'and
again, that the acquisition of Cuba by the United
States will at once put an end to the slave trade
with the coast of Africa; and it has been further
asserted that itrequircsfrom twenty to twenty-five
thousand slaves a year to be imported into Cuba to
produce the present amount of sugar raised in
the island. Have gentlemen considered the effect
that such a drain will have on these States? I rcc-
olloct well the effect upon the old States of the
opening of Alabama and Mississippi. The State
of Virginia has not yet recovered from it. In con-
sequence of the abstraction of her population and
capital and means to settle those Stales, she this
day makes an exhibit of fourteen or fifteen mil-
lion acres of unoccupied lands within her limits.
Although she possesses the finest climate, the
greatest vnnety of soil, with water power and
mineral wealth in abundance, her people have
been going, almost in a regular exodus, year by
year, to othercountries where their labor has been
more remunerative. If Cuba is annexed to this
Union, I desire to present this argument to the
people of JVlm yland and Vngmia and all the mid- *
die States. Wo now have a competition for our
labor with the cotton States of the Southwest, on
which labor we depend for the working of our
fields and the value of our lands; with the plant-
ing States on one side and the richer and more
fertile fieldsof the Northwest, producing the same
staples with us, on the other. The dram that lias
been going on from slave grain-growing States
has almost entirely depopulated some parts of the
southern country. As I said before, Virginia now
has fourteen or fifteen million acres of unoccu-
pied land, because the pioducts of her soil do not
bring a remunerative price to the laborer who has
been employed in its cultivation. The southern
planting Slates have a demand for a particular
staple, the production of which is a monopoly in
the world. Cotton is not raised in sufficient
quantity to meet the demand. The price of it is
controlled by no accidents or casualties, except
the casualties of seasons and of planting. Noth-
ing of tariff regulations, nothing of governmental
policy, can affect it; there is always a certain
and steady market for all that is raised at high
remunerative prices.
On a formei occasion, I showed that, in the cot-
ton-growing States of the Union, there was an area
of five hundred and eighty-nine thousand square
miles, embracing something like two million live
hundred thousand acres of land, from the twenty-
seventh parallel, in Florida, to the thirty-fifth par-
allel, in Arkansas, and from the Atlantic to the
Rio Grande, producing a staple of peculiar qual-
ity, which is required to a greater extent in the
manufactures of England, the continent, and the
United States, lhan we have the labor to supply;
and it cannot be supplied from any other portion
of the world, and is restricted here by the want of
labor, which can only be furnished from our own
fields in the grain-growing districts of the South.
It is computed that, in the cotton zone of the United
States, there are sixty million acres of land adapted
'to the cultivation of first-grade cotton; while', to
supply the present crop of three million five hun-
dred thousand bales, being seven tenths of all the
cotton grown, we have under cultivation, allow-
ing'one half bale to the acre, only some seven or
eight million acres, out of this entire area of five
hundred and eighty-nine thousand square miles.
Thus, it must be apparent, while there is this con-
trolling demand for labor in the more remunera-
tive cotton-fields, the southern grain States are
brought into a most unequal competition for labor
to produce their staples, which are grown to the
enor,mous amount, throughout the country, of.
$2,000,000,000, and with an export of less than an
average of §50,000,000, of all kinds of production
from the grain-growing and provision sections,'
embracing more than half the States of the Union;
while the planting States of the South, with a
white population of not more than three million,
enjoy a monopoly of two thirds of all the exports
of the country, the principal part of which is cot-
ton grown by not more than one million hands.
The people of the southern 'grain States, with a
white population of less than five million, have to
compete with the free labor and fresh lands of the
northwest and western States for their proportion
of the $50,000,000 of exports.
This demand for slave labor is fast draining the
middle States of their labor, and bringing down
the price of land; emigration is continually going
on; and while all other sections have the ad vant-
age,either resulting from cheap new lands or from
the character of the staple they grow, we of the
middle States see this continual drain upon our
population, with no hope of a better condition,
unless the policy of the Government should be
such as to afford a healthy stioiulus to the indus-
trial pursuits, enabling us, through those chan-
nels, to obtain better prices for our produce,whicK
is raised in such large amount, and which de-
pends almost entirely upon our home market for
consumption. Why, Mr. President, I hear mucji
of free trade; now, sir, let us see how much free
trade we actually have. It is estimated that
the gross production of the country is about
$3,000,000,000 in agriculture and manufactures
yearly; allowing one half of this amountto be con-
sumed by the producer, deduct from the remain-
der §310,000,000 exports, leaves $1,190,000,000
to be bought and sold in the home market of the
United States upon the only real pimciple of free
trade. This vast amount of production lias to be
consumed by those engaged in other pursuits; and
if the policy of the Government should be such as
to open our doors by taking off all restiictions to
the manufactures of Europe, by excessive im-
portations, by creating an unjust competition with
that largo class of our'people who depend upon
industrial pursuits, (more than one half of the
whole population of the country,) by not foster-
ing those great interests which are directly con-
nected with the agricultural sections, you take the
means, in great part, from this class, to consume
this large surplus at such prices as would be re-
lifuncratjve 'to the land owner of the southern
grain States.
Mr. President, I may take this occasion to say,
in this connection, that I am in favor of a finan-
cial policy which, while raising adequate revenue
foV the Government upon a scale commensurate
with a liberal system of improvement and in ac-
cordance with the requirements of the country,
will, at the same time, afford, by proper discrim-
ination, encouragement to such great interests as
are affected by foreign competition; this is a part
of my American creed. Sir, the State of Mary-
land, with only six bundled thousand people, of
all classes, shows the great advantages of diversi-
fied labor and the intimate connection between
manufactures and agriculture. For this reason
she presents a better balance-sheet than most of
our southern neighbors; by tables in my posses-
sion I show that Maryland has some twenty-
three cMton factories, consuming, daily, fifty
thousand pounds of raw cotton, worth over
$6,000, which, at three hundred days working
tune, would amount to $1,800,000. These cot-
ton factories are a part of a manufacturing sys-
tem, embracing a variety of other kinds, which
produce an aggregate sum,yearly, of$45,000,000.
In 1850, Maryland had twenty-two thousand
farms, producing $20,000,000 0f agricultural pro-
duce, of which $5,000,000, including $2,000,000
of tobacco, were exported outof the State, leaving
the large balance to be consumed by persons en-
gaged in other pursuits at home.
It is by this diversified system that Maryland
has been able to maintain herself against the
crushing effects of an adverse governmental pol-
icy. The condition of some of her sister States
is different. , The State of Virginia, struggling
against the effects of high prices for her slave la-
bor in the cotton-fields, and low prices for her
grain, the result of a depressed home market, sent
in to the southwestern States, in 1857, over sev-
enteen thousand effective laboring hands. What
was the number from my own State and North
and South Carolina, I have no means of know-
ing; but from Maryland, the emigration of that
class of our population was large. The present
condition of these States presents a most serious
question of political economy; the competition for
our labor, and other inducements held out to our
people to emigrate, must bring down the price of
land; emigration goes past us to the fresh and*
cheap lands onHie West, and labor cannot be ob-
tained, even at such prices as the products of the
country could not bear. In Maryland, there are
now large tracts of fine lands, in the glades of the
Alleghanies, accessible to market, lying waste,
which can be bought at one and two dollars an acre;
in the old, settled counties of the State, the slave
emigration has for years been tending to the South-
west, leaving behind it desolated homesteads and
deserted fields. The same picture will apply with
a deeper and darker colonng to Virginia. With
millions of acres of the richest land to be found
in virgin freshness and fertility throughout the
whole range of her transalleghany borders,clothed
with immense forests of heavy timber; with soil
and climate adapted to the cultivation of every
cereal; with mines of inexhaustible minerals; with
water-power to develop and work up these great
elements of wealth, yet she receives nothing from
emigration, but has contributed most largely to
the settlement and development of her sister States
of the West and Southwest.
When you consider the effect of this drain on
the grain-growing slave States, you see at once
what an unequal competition we are brought into
between the free-labor of the northwestern States,
and the slave labor of the planting States. . And
now, Mr. President, I take occasion to say that
if the annexation of Cuba is to be made a meas-
ure of sectional' policy, if it is intended to unite
the people of the South upon it, I, for one, must
dissent, because by the acquisition of-Cub&we
not only put the middle States into a more une-
qual contest with the planting States, but increase
the disadvantages of their position by the further
abstraction of labor from this country into the
sugar-fields of Cuba.
But how does it come that the people of Lou-
isiana and the southern States are the advocates
of the acquisition of Cuba ? I recollect well that
a few years ago, gentlemen told me all through
the South that it was utterly impossible to raise
sugar without a specific duty of two cents a pound,
or what Was equivalent to it. We are raising, I
undeistand, about one hundred and forty thou-
sand tons, under the protection given by the pres-
ent tariff. It is a forced cultivation in this'coun-
try. Take the duty off by the annexation of
Cuba; bring the sugar of Cuba to our ports on a
footing of equality with that of Louisiana, and
what becomes 'of all the sugar lands of the United
States ? What becomes of that great sugar inter-
est which has been so much talked about, and so
much fostered by the Government ? Can the peo-
ple of Louisiunamaintcunacoinpetitioii with Cuba
without any duty, when heretofore it has been
announced that they could not compete without
a specific duty of two cents a pound ? Eut, let rne
present tlusquestion in another point. More than
half the land in Cuba is owned by non-residents
—by persons residing in Spam. It is said that
some five hundred thousand slaves will be poured
into Cuba from the slave States of this Union.
The property will be bought from non-residents,
or those who will retire to Spain; and the conse-
quence will be, in the course of five years, an ab-
straction of not less than $1,000,000,000 from the
active capital of the United States. Then, con-
sider the interest upon that sum, and the cost of
maintaining an army to protect Cuba, and the cost
of a large navy, which will also bo necessary to
defend it. It will be the inauguration of a new
epoch in your country's history. Vou will b$
