268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 7,
any propriety in submitting the question to them;
ant! as the petitioner is a constituent of my friend
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburne,] who is on
that committee, we thought it but just to him to
refer the case to his care.
It was so ordered.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means a bill making appropriations for the pres-
ervation and repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense, for the year ending the
30th of June, 1860; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
GEORGIA AND ALABAMA CLAIMS. j
Mr. CHAFFEE. 1 move that the rules be sus- i
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Wlioie House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I believe there
is a special order before that committee for to-day.
I know there are a number of bills upon the
Private Calendar, which gentlemen wish to reach;
and therefore I move to postpone the special order
and other orders relating to it until next Friday.
It was so ordered.
CHARLES D. ARFWEDSON.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to have leave to withdraw
from the files of the Court of Claims the papers
in the case of Charles D. Arfwedson, for refer-
ence to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to tiie House th.it difficulty has aheady occurred
with leferencc to eiders of this sort. The Chair
supposes that all that the House can do in a case
of this description is, to request the Court of
Claims to retain the papers. The House has no
jurisdiction over the Court of Claims.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. That is all we re-
quire, that the Court of Claims be requested to
return the papers.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I ask my col-
league to state the object of his application.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. The Com t of Claims
decide that they have no jurisdiction m the case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then the papers
will be sent back with their decision.
The SPEAK ER. Does the Chair understand
that any objection is made to the order asked for
by the gentleman from Illinois?
"Mr. NICHOLS. My own opinion is, that
when the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims at-
taches, on reference made to it, the request of the
House or the order of the House are both im-
proper. I behuve the only proper way to get
papers back into the House is to have a report
from the Court of Claims on the subject referred
to it. I am, therefore, consuained to nhject. I
believe it is sound policy to puisne that course.
ADVISORY BOARD OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose there
v. ill be no objection this morning to the resolution
which I proposed last evening; and I now ask
unanimous consent to introduce it.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
ch That the Scerotaiy of tin; Interim bo voquostod
to lepn, t to t!us linage by what antiiouty. and uiulei what
),t\v. it any, the advisoiy board or agiicuhuro of the Patent
(_>j]i< o h«i>" been assembled in this cit\; liovv Uic dele^iiw^,
or members were apportioned, and bv whom appointed:
il:o I'Imiikn puipovc-, and objects of the boaid ; the man-
ner and mode ot compendium1 the delegate^ ; ibe name of
ond amount paid totiueb, and the fund or appiopriation out
ol which thu 'mine is to be paid.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to state that when I
objected to this resolution yesterday, I did so be-
cause I supposed that the matter was not of suffi-
cient importance to justify the House in passing
the resolution, and because I knew thatany mem-
ber of the House who felt sufficiently interested in
the matter to seek information might obtain it by
las personal application at the office of the Sec-
retary of the interior. I supposed, also, that
jus the Committee on Agiiculture had called for
this same information, that committee would,
jf there was anything in the matter, present it to
the House in some practical form. I believed
that every gentleman who is a member of the
House knew, or ought to know, that there had
been an appropriation by law of |UU,UOO to be
expended under the direction and discretion of
the Secretary of the Interior, in collecting agri-
cultural statistics; and I supposed that this agri-
cultural board, of an advisory character, was quite
as much authorized under that law as the expend-
iture of $15,000 to send out a vessel to bring
sugar-cane cuttings to this country for cultivation,
a proceeding to which I have heard no objection.
But, sir, I find that there is quite a disposition
upon the part of this House to look into this mat-
ter, and, perhaps, I was mistaken in estimating
the importance of this inquiry. I, therefore, feel
no disposition to persist in my objection, or to
stand in the way of obtaining the information the
resolution calls for.
I will say, however, that I am at a loss to per-
ceive what practical action can be had upon the
part of the House that will benefit the country to
a greater degree than, or equally with, the agri-
cultural congress itself.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have noob-
jection to the passage of the resolution. I sup-
pose that the expenses of the assemblage are to
be paid out of the appropriation of $60,000 au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Interior to collect
agricultural statistics. Heretofore, I believe, it
has been done by means of circulars. I suppose
the Secretary of the Interior has thought it best
to invite gentlemen to corlfe to Washington, as
the cheapest and best means of obtaining the in-
formation. I was against that appropriation. I
think it was wrong. And I am perfectly willing
to have this information now, in order that the
House may see the effect of their appropriation;
but if there is error in the matter, I trust the
House will take the responsibility, and not im-
pose it upon the Secretary of the Interior, for car-
rying out the law you have passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The object of this
resolution is to obtain for this House and for the
public the information therein called for—to know
if there has been an agricultural congress or an
advisory board of agriculture to the Patent Office
assembled in this city, under the authority of one
of the Departments of the Government—in order
that Congress itself may take such action as they
may think proper. If it is right and proper that
the system shall be continued, let the Congress
of the United States take the responsibility of
providing how and when this congress shall be |
assembled, by whom the delegates shall be ap-
pointed, where the delegates shall come from, and
what shall be their compensation. It is to get
this information, that we may know what we are
doing when we come to act upon another appro-
[ii latum of sixty or one hundred thousand dollars, 1
or any other amount, for this purpose, that I have i
offered the resolution. I call for the previous i
question. |
The previous question was seconded; and the j
niam question ordered to be put. j
The resolution was then adopted. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to reconsider ;
the vote by which the resolution wasadopted;and ,
also moved that the motion to rcconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
The following private bills from the Senate, on
the Speaker's table, were severally taken up, read
a first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
An act (No. 476) to authorize the President to
make advances of money to Hiram Powers. Re-
furred to the Committee on the Library.
An act (No. 229) for the relief of Jane Turn-
buil. Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickixts, its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a resolution
(No. G7) for the appointment of two regents of
the Smithsonian Institution; and also a bill (No.
493) authorizing the issue of registers to the steam-
ships America and Canada, and to change the
names of said steamships; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. J. B. j
Hexry, his Private Secretary. 1
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by
unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papeis ui the case of Martha Dam-
rell, widow of Christopher Tompkins, for the purpose of
reference to the Court of Claims.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. CHAFFEE moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole House, (Mr. Colfax in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the Private Calen-
dar, where it was interrupted on the last objection
day.
The bills were read over in their order on the
Calendar; and such as were not objected to were,
without debate, laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that they do
JOHN SHAW.
A bill (H. R. No. 329) to authorize the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs to adjudicate and
settle certain claims against the Menomonee In-
dians.
Mr. UNDERWOOD objected.
GEORGE CIIORPENNING, ET AL.
A bill (H. It. No. 330) for the relief of George
Chorpennmg and Elizabeth Woodward, de-
ceased, and the children of said Elizabeth Wood-
ward.
Mr. REAGAN objected.
DENT, VANT1NE, AND COMPANY.
A bill (H. R. No. 331) for the relief of Messrs.
Dent, Vantine, & Co., for provisions furnished
to Indians in California, during the years 1851
and 1852.
Mr. REAGAN objected.
HIRAM PAULDING.
A bill (II. R. No. 337) for the relief of Hiram
Paulding.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have examined
that case. It involves a very important princi-
ple, and requires discussion. I therefore object.
JOHN M. BROOKE.
A bill (FT. R. No. 338) for the relief of John
M. Brooke.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
FRANCIS DAINESE.
A bill (PI. R. No. 339) for the relief of Francis
Da'.noso.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
MARY BLATTENBERGER.
A bill (H. R. No. 343) granting a pension to
Mary Blattenbeiger, widow of John Blatten-
bergcr.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mary Blattenberger, of Penn-
sylvania, on the pension roll,at the rate of four
dollars per month for five years, commencing
February 16, 1858.
It appears from the papers filed in the case that
the petitioner is the widow of John Blattenber-
ger, who was a private in the company of Captain
William Downey, of the fifth regiment United
States infantry, and who was killed by the In-
dians on the 29th day of March, 1820, whilst in
the line of his duty as a private in said company
and regiment; that her marriage to the said John
Klatfenberger is satisfactorily proven; and also
the fact that she is now a widow.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
EDWIN N. CHAFFEE.
A bill (H. R. No. 348) for the relief of Edwin
M. Chaffee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 hope the gentle-
man will withdraw the objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 understand that
the petitioner has had a patent for his invention
for twenty-one years; that it expired some time
since, and the invention now belongs to the pub-
lic. I object.
