1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
the gentleman from Illinois to insist upon his
objection ?
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made the
objection, and do not propose to withdraw it.
R. h. B. CLARKE.
A bill (H. It. No..351) for the relief of R. L.
B. Clarke.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
ENOCH E. TALCOTT.
A bill (H. R. No. 352) for the payment of extra
compensation to Enoch B.Tallcott, for his services
and expenses in recovering Government funds
embezzled by Jacob Richardson.
Mr. LEITER objected.
SAMUEL MILLER.
A bill (H. R. No. 354) for the relief of the heirs
of Captain Samuel Miller.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
WILLIAM EDMONSTON.
A bill (H. R No. 355) for the relief of the heirs
of William Edmonston.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
ABEL M. BUTLER.
A bill (H. R. No. 357) for the relief of Abel
M. Butler.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the In-
terior be authorized and directed to issue to Abel
M. Butler, a volunteerin thecompanyof Captain
Jesse Stone, and engaged in the battles at Port
Oswego, New York, in 1813 and 1814, a warrant
or certificate for one hundred and sixty acres of
land, which warrant may be local,d by him, his
heirs or assigns, upon any of the public lands of
the United States subject to private entry; and
upon the return of such certificate or wai rant, with
evidence of the location having been legally made,
to the General Land Office, a patent shall be is-
sued therefor.
It appears from the report,which was read, that
Abel M. Butler was a volunteer in the company
of Captain Jesse Stone, under Colonel Parkhurst,
in April, 1813, and marched with said company |
to the defense of Port Oswego, then beingattacked j
by the British; and again, on the 5th of May, !
1814, lie volunteered into the said company, and
fought through the baitle of Oswego, again at-
tacked by the enemy. That in May, 1855, he pre-
sented his claim to the Commissioner of Pensions
for bounty lands under the act of March 3, 1855,
but his claim was denied for wanr of record evi-
dence. It appears, also, that the service was per-
formed with fidelity and bravery, and by the
direct and positive testimony of two of his com-
rades, who were in these battles in the same com-
pany, and who have received land warrants for
such service.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
HANNAH LITTEL.
A bill (H. R. No. 358) for the relief of Han-
nah Littel, and for other purposes.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
issue to Hannah Littel, the motherand only heir-
at-law of Martin Littel, late a private m the third
regiment of United States infantry, who died
while in the service, during the Florida war, a
warrant or certificate for one hundred and sixty
acres of hind, which warrant may be located by
her or her heirs or assigns upon any of the pub-
lic lands of the United States subject to private
entrv; and upon the return of such certificate or
warrant, with evidence of the location having
been legally made, to the General Land Office, a
patent shall issue therefor.
Fror^ the petition and evidence which accom-
panied it from the Second Auditor's Office, it
appears that on the 17th of September, 1840,
Martin Littel (havingserved a previous term) re-
enhsted at Rochester, New York, for three years,
and was attached to company K, third regiment
United States infantry, and served therein as
such m the Florida war until the 3d of February,
1843, when hedied in the service,from drowning, I
near Cantonment Morgan, in Florida, while in ,
the line of his duty. That he left no wife, child, i
or children, nor parents, him surviving, except ;
the petitioner, who is his mother, and whose cir- j
cumstances are very destitute. I
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
GEORGE P. MARSII.
An act (S. No. 1) for the relief of George P.
Marsh.
Pending the reading of the bill and report in
this case,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
committee rise; and called for a division upon the
question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I apprehend that the object
of the motion is to ascertain whether a quorum is
present; I therefore call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Taylor of
Louisiana, and Buffinton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 9, noes 112.
So the committee refused to rise.
The Clerk then concluded the reading of the
papers in the case of George P. Marsh.
Mr. LETCHER objected to the bill.
JOHN P. BROWN.
A bill (H, R. No. 360) lor the relief of John
P. Brown.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
MRS. MARY ANN HENKY.
A bill (H. R. No. 362) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Ann Henry.
Mr. OL1N objected.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. DEAN. If the gentleman from New York
withdraws it, I will renew it.
HUGH GLENN.
A bill (H. R. No. 441) for the relief of the
assignees of Hugh Glenn.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to the legal assignees of Llugh Glenn, or their
personal representatives, the sum of ^6,971 26,
in full of a balance of a judgment certified by the
United States district court for the district of
Kentucky, at the December term, 1822, in favor
of Mr. Glenn, in a suit where the United States
wasplamtiff and he was defendant; that sum hav-
ing been assigned by him, the assignees filing with
the Secretary good and sufficient evidence of the
assignment and of present subsisting title thereto.
It appears from the report of the committee
that on the 20th of Januaiy, 1817, Hugh Glenn,
of Kentucky, contracted with the United States
to furnish provisions at the military posts within
the limns of several of the northwestern Stairs,
including the State of Indiana. His contractdid
not specify the quantity to be furnished at the
several points, but bound him to furnish of (he
articles enumerated such quantities as u shall be
required of him for the use of the United States,
at all and every place or places wher<j tioops are
or may be stationed within the limits" of the
States mentioned, upon " thirty days' notice
being given of the post or place where rations
may be wanted," &c. It further bound him to
furnish the supplies "upon the requisition ofthe
commandant of the Army or post, in such quanti-
ties as shall not exceed what is sufficient for the
troops where stationed,"&c. It wasalso required
that rations should, from time to time, be issued
to such Indians as visited the various military
posts, and in such quantities as were necessary.
The facts involved tu this claim were presented
to Congress as early as 1826, when General Har-
rison, who is supposed to have been familiar with
such transactions, made a favorable report from
the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs in the Senate,
accompanied by a bill for the relief of the party.
Again, in 1850, Mr. Thomas, from the Com-
mittee on Claims in the House of Representa-
tives, made a report. They state thati( the Sec-
retary of YVar on the 8th of May, 1816. instructed
the officer commanding at Fort Harrison, in the
State of Indiana, that lie was ' required to certify
all abstracts of rations issued ' to the Indians who
'usually resorted' to that fort. To enable him to
fulfill this duty, the Indian agent there was also
instructed ' to make daily reports' to the officer
* of the number of Indians present, and for whom
rations were to be issued,' that the commandant
might know what quantity of rations were ne-
cessary. Brevet Major John Chunn was the
officer in command, and General Posey was the
Indian agent. Upon the reports ofthe agent to
Major Churm, he certified to the Department of
War * abstracts of rations9-issued and furnished
the Indians at Fort Harrison by Hugh Glenn to
the amount of $44,764 02; -
"In the course of the execution- ofGMmr's
contract, he was advanced the sum ©f$fl33,34614
for supplies furnished at the following forts,- lo
wit: Belle Fontaine, Fort Osage, Fort Clarke,
Fort Crawford, Fort Edwards, Fort Armstrong,
Belie Point, and St. Louis. When -his account
was rendered at the Department for final settle-
ment, he'claimed that he had furnished'provisions
at the various forts to the value of $142,884 74,
including the $44,764 02 for issues at Fort Har-
rison; for which amount Major Chunn had cer-
tified the abstracts. Upon an inspection of the
account, it appeared to the Secretary of War that
the amount certified for Fort Harrison was too
large; that the number of Indians frequenting that
post could not have been so large as- to- require
so many rations. He accordingly suspended this
item of the account, which left a balance standing
on the books of the Department against G-ienn
of $37,792 76. He ordered a court-martial to'try
Major Chunn for what was supposed to be fraud
in certifying the abstracts, and ordered suit to be
brought against Glenn for the $37,792 76.
"The court-martial set at Terre Haute-, near
Fort Harrison, and, after a careful investigation
of all the facts and the examination of a number
of witnesses, honorably acquitted Major Chunn.
The suit against Glenn way tried in the United
States district court in Kentucky, and resulted in
favor of Glenn upon the verdict of a jury and
upon an investigation of all the facts. The jury
say: 4 We, of the jury, find that the defendant,
Hugh Glenn, is entitled to a credit 6f $44,764 02
for rations issued to the Indians at Fort Harrison,
from June 1, 1817, to June 30, 1818, for which a
credit has been claimed by him and suspended by
the officers of the Government. We therefore find
for the defendant. We also certify that the de-
fendant set up no other claim, nor made any
other question on the trial of this cause, except
what relates to the above sum of $44,764 02, and
that our verdict is founded upon the evidence re-
lating to that item only.' "
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
JOSEPH C. G-KENNEDY.
A biH (H. R. No. 442) for the relief of Joseph
C. G. Kennedy.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
WILLIAM F. WAGNER.
A bill (H. R. No. 443) for the relief of William
F. Wagner.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to William F. Wagnei,late marshal of
the United States for the district of Louisiana,
§533 35, in full pay ment of his costs in the case of
" the United States rs. Schooner Renaissance and
cargo;" and also $666, in full payment of his costs
in the ease of " The United States vs. A Lot of
Timber."
It appears from th<* report, that William F.
Wagner was marshal of the United States for the
eastern district of Louisiana, in 1847. Whilst
holding that office, a suit was instituted in the dis-
trict court of that district by the United States
against a quantity of timber, alleged to have been
illegally cut by tiespassers on the lands of the
United States, and an order for the sequestration
of the timber was issued by the district court,
commanding him to take the timber in question
into his keeping.
In obedience to this order of the court, he went
into the district of countiy in which the timber
was situated and seized it. This seizure was made
at a distance of one or two hundred miles fiom
the city of New Orleans; and it became his duty,
under the law in force, to provide for its safe-keep-
ing, and to protect it from being carried oft by
those who had cut it. He therefore put a keeper
in charge ofthe property, who continued in ehanru
of it from June 16, 1847, to January 29, ld48,
amounting to two hundred and twenty-eight
days, for which he paid him at the rate of $2 50
a day. This payment is shown by the receipt of
the keeper; and the sum so paid, together with
the fees due the marshal, amounted to the sum
of $666. The account presented was certified by
the district judge to have been examined and
approved. In the latter part of the year 1847, a
