1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
avail itself of the services of an armorer and arti-
ficer so completely qualified, in all respects, to
execute every branch." And Colonel Brearly
says he was satisfied, from personal knowledge
and observation, that Mr. Hall's motives for en-
tering the servigp were evidently more from a
spirit of patriotism than any prospect of emolu-
ment. On their arrival at headquarters, he was
introduced to General Dearborn " as just the man
the public service required" to superintend the
repair of small-arms. At a subsequent interview,
General Dearborn proposed to him to engage in
the service in that capacity, which he agreed to
do, at a compensation of fifty dollars per month
and rations, for " during the war." He was paid
for his services, at the rate stated, from that time
until the 22d of J uly, 1814. From this time until
the close of the service, in consequence of some
informalities, he failed to receive his pay. Gen-
eral Dearborn had left that place, and seems to
have failed to officially report the arrangement
with Mr. Hall, although General Bomford certi-
fies that General Dearborn informed him of the
fact,and promised to furnish the Department with
a certificate to that effect, which he seems to have
failed to do.
The claim has been several times presented to
the Department, and although it seems to have al-
ways been regarded as just, they have not deemed
themselves authorized by law to pay it. General
Talcott, in a letter dated June, 1853, after stating
that no record of the contract can be found, says:
" But desirous that meritorious servjce should
not be overlooked nor neglected,! would recom-
mend that you make out regular accounts, &c.,
and to make affidavit to its correctness." The ac-
count was accordingly stated and submitted to the
ordinance department, and General Talcott, the
head of that department, says in regard to it: " I
consider (it) an equitable claim upon the Govern-
ment, but so much time has elapsed since it ori-
ginated, and almost every one who could supply j
the information necessary to corroborate or sus-
tain the claim having deceased, it has not been
possible for him to present it in such a shape as
to obtain payment." The amount due for pay
and subsistence is $421 52; and if interest were
allowed, by way of damages for Us detention, the
amount would be $1,507 20. Mr. Hall also pre-
sents a claim for sundry expenses incurred by
him in the public service, which he specifies and
verifies by oath, amounting to $40 50, and for a |
horse lost in consequence of urgent and extraor- j
dinary service performed immediately preceding j
the battle of Plattsburg, and in the preparation for j
that action, nirety-five dollars, making $135 50. ;
The loss and value of the horse are sustained by :
other evidence. j
Mr. LETCHER. Now, with this understand-
ing that no proposition shall be made in the House '
to restore the interest, I will withdraw my objec-
tion. Otherwise 1 shall renew it.
Mr. WALTON. Very well. I move to amend
the bill by striking out the portion of it author-
izing the payment of interest.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill, as
amended, was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
SHADE CALLOWAY.
A bill (H. R. No. 3S6) for the relief of Shade
Calloway.
The bill directs the proper accounting officer to
allow and pay out of the Treasury, to Shade Cal-
loway, the sum of $1,350, for work done by him
on the Tennessee river, under his contract with
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel J. McClelland, dated i
the 16th of September, 1853, according to the ac- j
count approved and certified by the agent placed
in charge of the work at the death of the officer.
The report was read. It appears therefrom
that on the 16th September, 1853, the petitioner
made a contract with Brevet Lieutenant Colonel
J. McClelland, topographical engineers, then m
charge of the improvement of theTennessee river,
* for the construction of a dam at the head of Iloss s
"Island, to be two feet high, and two hundred yards
long, tor which he was to be paid the sum of
$1,500. The dam was to be completed by the
30th November, 1853, " if the high water does
not prevent." The contractor commenced work
on the dam, but the high water prevented its com-
pletion during the fall of 1853. In the following
summer, as soon as the condition of the river
would permit, he resumed the work, and con-
structed one hundred and eighty yards of the dam,
in strict compliance with the terms of the contract.
At this stage of the work, in August, 1854, Col-
onel McClelland ordered it to be suspended, for
the reason that the appropriation made by Con-
gress was not sufficient to complete it.
Colonel McCIellan died on the 1st September,
1854, without having reported to the Department
the condition of the work done under said con-
tract; the Secretary of War appointed R. W. W.
Byrd, who had been an assistant under Colonel
McCIellan, to take charge of and close " the ac-
counts and affairs connected with the improve-
ment of the Tennessee river." This officer duly
approves and certifies the petitioner's account for
f 1,350, which is the proportional amount due foi
the work done in pursuance of the contract. The
affidavits of Samuel C. Davis, James LeweHing,
John Long, and John Pinley, fully prove the
faithful execution of the work according to the
terms of the contract; and the official certificate
of Mr. Byrd, and the testimony of J. E. S. Black-
well, one of the commissioners of the United
States appointed for this work, establishes the
fact that no payment was made to Calloway, or
to any person for him. But this latter fact also
sufficiently appears in the accounts of the work;
for it is not claimed that any payment was made.
The committee also append the letter of the Thnd
Auditor of the Treasury, dated 19th November,
1855, in which all the material facts of the ease
are admitted, but in which the certificate of the
agent of the United States, R. W. W. Byrd, is
discredited, because not sworn to, and for the rea-
son that Colonel McCIellan's reports to the De-
partment do notgive information of this particular
part of the work under his charge. This omission,
however, is fully accounted for by the sudden
death of that officer, which took place very soon
after he had ordered the work to be suspended.
But the objections of the Auditorare based chiefly
upon the absence of proof; and it is due to luin
to state that the affidavits hereunto appended were
not before him, as their dates will show. It is
apparent, from the Auditor's letter, that the condi-
tion of the appiopriation fully justified the con-
tract at the time the latter was made, and during
the progress of the work.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am willing that
this bill, and any other bills on the Calendar, shall
be reported tp the House under the proposition
that 1 made several times at the last session of
Congress; that 1%, that they will let us have the
yeas and noys on the passage of the bills in the
House. With that understanding, I will interpose
I no obstacle to the reporting of any bill.
Mr. LE1TER. I think the proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee a good one. A single
objection here is sufficient to defeat the bills 10-
ported by gentlemen. When they get home to
their constituents, they are met with the declara-
tion that they had no influence, or power, in the
House, because they could not even get a vote
upon a bill. Now, for one, 1 am willing that these
bills shall come up m the House in the order that
they stand on the Calendar, and have the vote
taken upon them by yeas and nays. I think the
proposition should be assented to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am willing to
have the Committee of the Whole House dis-
charged from the further consideration of eveiy
bill on the Calendar, to have them read in the
House with the reports, and then to have them
put upon their passage, and the yeas and nays
taken on them.
Mr. LE FCH ER. I object to anything of the
sort.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Nobody pays at-
tention to the reading of the reports here.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 object to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Tennessee; because,
under it, the lulls would have no examination
at all.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to a point of order. I would
inquire whether this debate is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be indulged
in by unanimous consent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. CLAY. I object to debate, and move that
the committee do now rise; and 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clay and
Nichols were appointed.
The committee divided; and-the tellers repotted
—ayes 38, noes 84. , i *.;« r' 
So the committee refused to rise, J ; *■'' * _
There being no objection, the bill for Hie relief
of Shade Calloway was laid aside, to fee reported
to the House with a recommendation- thaif "it do
pass. ... . , ;
" JANE SMITH.; -
An act (S. No. 73) authorizing -Mrs". Jane
Smith to enter certain lands in the State- of; Ala-
bama. • '
The Committee on Public Lands recommend
its passage with the following proviso:
Provided, however. That this act shall "only operate as a
relinquishment ot title on the pan of the United States to
said land.
Mr. HOUSTON". I do notknow who reported
that bill, but I should like to know'what author-
ity the United States have over-tile land-intended
to be entered by this bill. ;
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's col-
league [Mr. Cobb] reported the bill. * ,
Mr. HOUSTON. It seems to me that we are
authorizing the entry of certain lands which the
bill itself shows we have got no title to, it belong-
ing to another individual.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama object to the bill?
Mr. HOUSTON-. Mycolleague not being here,
I do not like to object to it.
Mr. NICHOLS. I objected to this same bill
last session, but I found "that my objection was
unfounded. I think it ought to pass.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object.
NEEIEMIAH STOKELY*
A bill (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of the heirs
of Nehcmiah Stokely, a revolutionary officer.
Mr. MILLSON. I haveloofcedintotbatques-
tion, and I object to the bill.
THOMAS WILLIAMS.
A bill (H. R. No. 448) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Lieutenant Thomas
Williams, a revolutionary officer.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee, objected.
Mr. DEWART. I move that the committee
rise; and I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Chaffee were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 65, noes 71.
So the committee refused to rise.
NATHANIEL HEARD.
A bill (II. R. No. 49) for the relief of the heirs
of Nathaniel Heard.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, objected.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the committee
do now rise; and I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craige,-of
North Carolina, and Spinster, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes eighty-five, noes not counted.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had had the Pri-
vate Calendar under consideration, and had in-
structed him to report bills of the House, Nos.
343, 357, 358, 441, 443, 444, 77, 445, and 386,
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that they do pass; and also Senate bill No. 68,
with an amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to add
to that list House bills Nos. 589 and 644.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man is not m order.
BILLS PASSED.
The titles of the bills were then read over; and
the following, upon which a separate vote was
not asked, were en masse ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, were
accordingly read the third time, and passed:
A bili"(H. R. No. 343) granting a pension to
Mary Blattenberger, widow of John Blattenber-
S A bill (H. R. No. 357) for the relief of Abel
M. Butler;
A bill (II. R. No. 358) for the relief of Han-
nah Littel, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 441) for the relief of the as-
signees of Hugh Glenn;
