272
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8.
A bill (EL R. No. 443) for the relief of Wil-
liam F. Wagner;
A bill (H. K. No. 77) for the relief of Enoch
B. Talcott; and
A bill (H. R. No. 445) for the relief of Samuel
A. Fairchilds.
EUAS HALL.
Senate bill (No. 68) for the relief of Elias Hall,
of Vermont, reported with an amendment, was
then taken up
Ttie amendment to strike out the clause allow-
ing interest was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading, and was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
PRIVATE BILLS TO-MORROW.
Mr. KELSEY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, Tliat, on to-moriow, tile Committee of the
Whole House shall take up the Private Calendar as on ob-
jection dav; and when a bill is objected to, the member
making objection shall be allowed five minutes' time tit slate
liis objections; and five minutes' time shall be allowed to
answer such objections, or explain the bill, and then the
question, on repotting the bill to the House, shall be taken
without turther debate.
Mr. CURRY objected.
SHADE B. CALLOWAY.
The bill of the House (No. 386) for the relief
of Shade B. Calloway, was next taken up, and
ordered to be engrossed,and read a third time.
_ Mr. MAYNARD demanded the previous ques-
tion upon its passage.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The question was token; and it was dccidcd in
the affirmative—yeas 81., nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. AUrani, AM, Andrews, Bark-dale, ISnn-
*iett, Bingham, JSIau, liiatieh, Drayton, Ca-n, Cavanaii^h,
Chaffee, Kzia Clark, dawson, Clay, Collitx, Ooimns!
Corning, Covodc, Co*, James Ciaifj, Curtis, I),wis ot Mis-
sissippi, Davis of Massachusetts, Davi- of Iowa. Dimes,
Dean, Dew.irt, Dmimick, Dodd, Ourfro, Eiistis Farns-
worth, Firaton, Florence, Foster, Gilmer, Goodwin, Gran-
ger, Hubert fi. Wall, Ilairis, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins,
Howard, Keun, Kello«g, Kelsey, Kilgoro, J.andv, Leitei,
I.ovcioy, MeKae, Mason, Mattefon," Maynaid", Mori ill,
Fieem.in II. Moise, Mutt. Nichols, Palmer, Parker, Peyton,
William W. Phelps, Purvmiier, Neatly, Ueillv, ilicaud, llob-
bnw, Uoyee, Sprnner, Stanton, Stevenson, Tonvpkins
Underwood, Wade, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wftslibuin,
lillihu 11, Washburne, VValkins. and VVoitendyke—81.
NAYri—Messis. Bisho[>, lltifliitton, Iiuitis.Jitliu It. Claik,
Colli), Durtou Craige, Cuirv, Davis of Indiana, IJimdell
Faulkner, Foley. Garnett, Gidding-, 0r<'!«, Hailan, Hoaid,
Houston, Ilinlor, Jack-oil, George W. June-, Owen Jones,
Knapp, Liuvienee, Leaeh, Leuly, l,i>iehpr, McUueen,
Mile--, Million, iVIoigan, Muriay, Niblack, Olin, Pendleton,
/Vftit, John S Plielpv, I'lnllipt. tike, Potter, Pottle, Reagan,
IJilrlue, ri.unlulge, Heale-. [fenry M Shaw, John Sherman,
Miles Taj lor. Tikuoi. Vallandigliam, Vanee, Waldron,
Wimelcy, Window, and John Vr. Wright—54.
So the bill was passed.
Ditrina; the call of the roll,
Mr. HRANCIl stated that Mr. Ji.rrfi\t had
been obliged to leave the Hall on account of in-
disposition.
Mr. iVl A.YNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion lo reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH HARDY AND ALTON LONG.
A lull (II. R. No. 4 14) for the relief of Joseph
Hardy and Alton X_,on^, reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, next came up.
Mr. PllELI'S, of Missouri. It will be recol-
lected that a b:ll ior the relief of these parties,
which came from the Senate last session, was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
that I entered a motion to reconsider the vote by
which it was so referred, m behalf of my col-
league, [Mr. Carutiiers,] who was then absent
in consequence of indisposition. 1 havecompared
that bill with the one now before tis, with one of
:he officers of this House, and I find that the two
•'ills are precisely the same. I therefore ask that
by unanimous consent, the Senate bill may be
taken up and passed, instead of the House bill
which is now before us.
JNo objection being made,the bill from the Sen-
ate for the relief ot Joseph Hardy and Alton
Long was taken up and ordered to a third read-
ing, and was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now move that
the House bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
MARTIN LAYMAN.
Mr. COBB. I desire to move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill for the relief of Martin
Layman was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. I do not want such a pre-
cedent set on private bill day.
Mr. COBB. Can the gentleman take the floor
from me for that purpose ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
floor cannot be taken from the gentleman from
Alabama. There is a motion to adjourn pending;
but the gentleman from Alabama under the prac-
tice and courtesy of the House, was, perhaps,
entitled to make the motion to reconsider, even
pending that motion. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moves that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. COBB. I shall take occasion to make a
speech hereafter. I did not propose to do it now.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. McdUEEN. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next. I
simply want to state that to-morrow is the 8th of
January.
Mr. MORGAN. We have not been in session
on legislative business but seventeen days during
this session. I object to the motion, and call for
the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution call-
ing for information.
The SPEAKER. There are two privileged
motions already pending.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is it in order to
say a word or two in relation to the motion to
adjourn over?
The SPEAKER. The motionisnotdebatable.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn over was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask thfc gentleman from
Pennsylvania, who made the motion to adjourn,
to allow me to offera resolution calling for inform-
ation.
Mr. MORGAN objected.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION'S.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the Umtod States, in leiation to a joint resolu-
tion for carrying the United States m'aiis from St.
Joseph, Missouri, to Placorville, California,
which was presented to him for his approval on
the last day of the last session of Congress; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, ^communication from the Secretary of the
Tieasu ry, transmitting a statement of salaries, and
compensation of the employes on the coast sur-
vey, and a list of the names thereof, for the year
ending the 3(kh of Junej 1858; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to ne piinted.
The motion of Mr. Phillips was then agreed to;
and the Mouse (at four o'clock and fifteen min-
utes, p. m.) adjourned. !
| HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
I Saturday, January 8,1859.
j The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
i by Rev. J. Moiisell.
\ The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CARMZCK AND RAMSEY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the Hou.se, a communication from the
Piesident of the United States, submitting the
reports from the Secretary of the Treasury and
Postmaster General, with accompanying papers,
m compliance with a resolution of the House,
adopted on the 83d of December 1858, request-
ing the President of the United States to report 1!
what action, if any, has been taken under the
sixth section of the Post Office apprDpriation act
approved August 18, 1856, for the adjustment of
i damages due Carmick & Ramsey, and if the said
] section of law yet remains unexecuted , that the
j President report the reasons therefor,
j Mr. NICHOLS. At the request of the gentle.*
: man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Billinghurst,] who
j is confined to his room by indisposition, I rise to
j make a motion in reference to this message which
j is out of the usual course. It has been usual, I
| believe, to lay these messages upon the table, and
j order them to be printed. But there is a pecu*
liarity in this case which arrested my attention
when the gentleman from Wisconsin brought it
to my consideration, and I think it ought to take
another direction. The sixth section of the act
provides that—
" The Fhst Comptroller of the Treasury be, and he is
jiereby, required to adjust the damages of Ed ward Jl. Car-
mick and Albert C. Raiusey oil account of the abrogation, i>y
the Postmaster General, of their contract to carry the mail
on the Vera Cruz, Acapulco, and San Francisco route,
dated the 15th of Febiuary. 1853, and adjudge and award to
them, according to the principles of law, equity, and jus-
tice, the amount so found due; aud the Secretary of tlie-
Tieasury is hereby required to pay the same to said Car-
mick & Ramsey nut of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated."
That is the section of law passed in 1856; and-,
as I understand, application was made to the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to carry it out.
By the interference, however, of the heads of
other Departments, that object has been counter-
acted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot hear the gentle-
man from Ohio, and would be glad to know what
he proposes to do with the communication from
the President of the United States, which has
been 1 aid before us.
Mr. NICHOLS. That is what I propose to in-
dicate in a moment. I was remarking that this
section of the law, for law it is, has been defeated
in the Executive Departments of the Government.
I know nothing about the original merits of the
claim. I do not know the parties. This I do
know, however, that by the papers presented it is
shown the executive officers have refused to exe-
cute the law in this case. And, Mr. Speaker, I
think that the reasons given for that refusal are
utterly indefensible. Such is my opinion; and
inasmuch as the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, manifests a disposition to hear, in refer-
ence to this question, I will call his attention to a
report made from that committee by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Bili.inghurst.]
At the last session of Congress, on the refer-
ence of a petition of the parties interested to that
committee, they reported (Report No. 151) that
a contract was entered into February 15th, 1853,
with Carmick & Ramsey, to carry the mails upon
the Vera Cruz, Acapulco, and San Francisco
route; that that contract was abrogated by the
Postmaster General; that damages are due Car-
mick & Ramsey on account of said abrogation;
and they also reported that the First Comptroller
of the Treasury be, and is hereby, requned to
I adjust said damages, and to adjudge and award
j to Carmick & Ramsey, according to principles of
; law, equity, and justice, the amount he shall so
I find due. They further report that, in aecord-
1 anee with the finding of the committee at its last
session, in strict accordance with it, Congress
had previously passed a law embodying all these
provisions covering the findings of the committee
! at the last session, and that it is the duty of the
j accounting officers of the Treasury to go on and
; execute that law. They have not done that; and
: I apprehend Aoru the papers I hold in my hand
! —which may turn out to be copies of those trans-
] mittf d this morning, but of that I am not certain
: —that no satisfactory reason is presented by the
j accounting officers for refusing to execute the law
; of Congress.
j Allow me to remark, sir, that I know nothing
i of this claim, and I care nothing about it; but on
1 the points presented tome by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, 1 regard the action of the accounting
officers of the Treasury, and the other function-
aries identified with this transaction, as a high
usurpation of power, and that it becomes the dig-
nity of this body and of Congress to resent it in
the most efficient and proper manner. I should
have been willing to have allowed this communi-
cation go to the table; and I refer it to the gentle-
