1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25%
less." When you have a great question of na-
tional policy which appeals to the patriotism of
the whole Ameiican people, a plain and naked
question, then we hear of " land to the landless."
Jf you do not wish to give $30,000,000 for the
acquisition of Cuba, say so by your vote, ay or
no; and then I -will take up your "land to the
landless," and meet that with an ay or no. I
■will turn to one thing: at a time. I am not afraid
of either. When it is presented to me, I will not
shrink; I will not squirm, and try to get away
-by fraudulent pretenses that I want another thing
considered.
That is what you arc doing. That is what the
Senator from New York is doing. Ho does not
mean anything else hy it. He wishes to get rid
of one issue by talcing up another. He wishes
to escape, to evade meeting and confronting this
great question of national polic}',by covering him-
self with t( land to the landless." Here is a ques-
tion whether we shall aid the administer of the
Government of this country to acquire Cuba, and
give $30,000,000 for that purpose. If you do not
like to give #30,000,000,say no, like men. What
are you afraid of? Are you afraid of lacklanders ?
They will not object to getting more hind. The
niore we have, the better chance for them.
I was brought up in a State settled by paupers.
They were all lacklanders. Oglethorpe settled,
with men from the poor-houses of Europe, upon
the soil of Georgia; and whatever she is, she is
the architect of her own fortune. Whatever she
is, she has made herself. She has no prejudices
about selling land. We never sold an acre. We
gave it to the uttermost parts of the earth, to all
nations and all climes and all countries. If was
as common as the air of heaven. It was ours, and
we gave it to whoever came and took it and oc-
cupied it. It was a grand and noble policy; one
which made us what we are. We won it from
our great master, the King of England. You got
yours by the other mode—hy trade with the In-
dians. When \\c got it, we gave it to the first
taker. Therefoie, i have no prejudices against
your policy of giving land to actual settlers. I
know what this all amounts to. I havt gun"1
through ail that; hut there are other questions now
pending,other question-* now pressing. The way
we have been able to give land to the lackland-,
era, to extend this great country, and to supply
the landless with land, has been by the extension
o{ the empire by arms and by money. Here is a
pt'ojel to ex'tend (he area of the empire, and give
moie land to the lacklandeis upon proper mm-
oijfles, and then-fore let us ineei that; and when
we have got through that, and they want more,
whether they ore willing to pay the pure and
settle them or not, bring me to the scratch,and 1
am ready to meet it. 1 am prepared to meet that
question, and decide it,. If you bring up the
question of land to those who have got none, I
am ready to meet or vote against it. 1 do not
tremble or shrink from it. 1 am ready to meet it
to-night, if this question should conn.1 up. 1 am
prepai>-d for tins measure, or any measure that
;->hall give public lands ft) actual settlers, and to
go to the country with it; make of it what you
can.
But we do not want to I)'1 diverted from n great
question of public, policy by pretense,-; or by pte-
texts, or by the shivering in the wind of men m
paiUcuiar localities. We can settle this question
of Cuba now, in fen minutes, and settle the land
jor the landless in ten minutes more. As was .
said by the Senator Ironi Wisconsin, who nvulo !
this inoi'on, j' is a subject that has been talked 1
of for fiI(een \eats. J dunk it ought io be pie- '
fumed that v. e have got our opinions upon i(. '
Ail /-ifyoa 1km e got to he thirty ycais of'age to '
represent a {State, and 1 think the great body of!
you me rath'-r a icspecahle body of men than j
otherwise; not very much above the average, 1 !
believe, of my countiymen;but,at the same time, !
I think you have got iixeu opinions upon all these 1
question?. Now, let us nT-et this question, and !
then I will meet with you and d"<v!e lie other. !
Mr. WADE I am veiy g'ad that this ones- !
tion has at length come up. 1 j;a g'.al, too, that !
if has antagonized w>?h tins nigger question. I
[fyn^lue, j We are «• tdilVeimg O! the wind/']
are v e, ovu your Cuba question ? You may ,
ha\ o oeea- ion to «hu er on that q*m prion bef(,i;-
you nr.- through  vnh it Now, ?.r, 1 h r. e be.\; 1
trying leie icr ma'ly a man'h v> t i -^rnghr i
forward vote upon this great measure of land to
the landless. I glory in that measure. It is the
greatest that has ever come before the American
Senate, and it has now come so that there is no
dodgingit. The question will be, shall we give
niggers to the niggerless, or land to the landless ?
[Applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT rapped to order.
Mr. WADE. I will meet that measure. I do
not tremble before them or their owners, or any-
body else; and it docs not become gentlemen of
the Senate to tremble over a measure. Sir, it is
not very senatorial language. God knows, I
never tremble before anybody. I do not expect
to tremble before anybody. I do not expect to
use language that ought to be offensive to any-
body here, and J will no£ submit to it from any-
body.
I moved some days ago to take up this subject.
It was said then that there was an appropriation
bill that stood in the way of this great question
being settled. The Senator from Virginia had his
appropriation bills, It was important, then, that
they should be settled at once; there was danger
'that, they would be lost, and the Government
would stop in consequence, and an appeal was j
made to gentlemen to give this bill the go-by for j
the time being, at all events, and the appeal was j
successful. Gentlemen,.said the appropriation ;
bills must be passed; and, although they were i
anxious for the passage of this bill, nevertheless 1
it must be postponed "for the appropriation bills, j
The appropriation bills lie very easy now behind i
this nigger operation. [Laughter.] When you
comc to mggfisfor the niggerless, all other ques-
tions sink into perfect insignificance. But, sir,
we will antagonize these measures. I appeal to
the country upon them. I ask the people do you
choose that we should go through the earth hunt- j
ing for niggers, for really that is the whole pui- j
pose of the Democratic party ? They can no moie |
run their party without niggers than you could run j
a steam engine without fuel. [Laughter.] That j
is all there is of Democracy; and when you cannot i
latse niggers enough for the market, then you |
mu> t go abroad fishing for niggers through the j
whole world. Arc you going to buy Cuba for j
land fot the landless r What is there 5 You will
find three quarteis of a million of niggers, butyou i
will not find any land; not one foot, not an inch. ;
1 am exceedingly glad that the question has come j
up. Let us now see who aie the friends of this <,
land measure; let us vote it through; and then, ;
without fear or trembling, take up the nigger bill, i
I say there is no excuse for gentlemen who are ;;
really m favor of this measure. Tell, me, sir, j!
that you skulked behind this Cuba bill ? itwould |i
bo a very poor story to tell those landless men of
whom the gentleman speaks. These lacklanders
will say to you: "When we lacked land, and
you had it m your power to give it to us, you
went olF fishing for niggers." Will that satisfy
them > It may, and ltmaynot. I fear that there
wiil bo trembling in some quarters overthis ques-
tion. 1 hope the vote will be taken, and 1 warn
eve; y man who h a friend of this bill that now is
the tune; now or never. Give this homestead
bill the go-bv now, and it, dies, and every man
knows it. Therefore it is idle to tell me that nnv
man i^afnend of the homestead bill who will not
give it his support now
M r. President, I do not like the^e taunts and
threats about fearing one question or another. J
do not very much fear anybody or anything.
It would be n very uncomfoilabh- state of mind,
1 should think, lint, sir, I am m favor of this
measure Tlw merits o( it, I suppose, me open to
diseusMon. I thmk it would be easy to show that
(hoie has not been, at any time, a measure so
fraught with benefit to the people all over the
count* v, ,is this groat me-wiro—lh  homestead
bill, if gentlemen see fit, they can pass it in ten
minutes; and then we can go hack to the nigger
bill, and take that up, and make the best head-
way we can with that. You need no' be ten min-
utes jn passing the bill, ft you are true to youi-
selves, ttue to yo-n eonxh tutors. and fauhiul to •
those v, ho have asked at the hands of e\ ei y hon-
est man that th's mea.nue should pass. 1 say,
again, thoie is no reason to skulk Know. Jt is
fan ly up ft is in coin i as t with 'he other measure ,
and iim ni in cm f ol lo n.-o I bar he w iio \ o'es end ,
* !t rs of*1 to the v t> <.•<, h >s do. - ;r bp-vmse Jus
--• ui ■% a* p- - I  : *he u'gg. r bill.
! Mr. FESS'ENDE'N'. I am struck somewhat
1 with the language and the manner of the honor-
j able Senator ftom Georgia; and I feel inclined to
I ask him, whether the exhibition he has made is
or is not in humble imitation of the great man at
| the other end of the avenue? He saw fit, in ad-
; dressingan out-doorcrowd,to indulge in language
1 very much of the same description, to say that
; none but cowards would hesitate to sustain this
! Cuba measure; and following suit to the leader
I and headDf the party, the honorable Senator from
; Georgia undertakes to tell us here that we shrink
j and tremble at the idea of meeting the question.
. Sir, this elegant language began in the White
House, and it has descended here. What is it to
I bo when it gets down to the tap-room, for there
j I suppose it is to go ? It is the bugle-note, I sup-
j pose, of the party. We are to be accused of being
j afraid fb meet the question of the acquisition of
j Cuba. The honorable Senator has taken it up.
He is riot generally an imitator. Ordinarily, he is
; original. I beg leave to suggest to him, in this
. instance, that he is only copying somebody else;
and a poor original to copy, judging from the
■ sample.
i Now, sir, for one, I want to say, in all sober-
, ness, that I am not afraid to meet the Cubaques-
, tion. I did not design to meet it with a speech,
: because I supposed there would be much more
■ speaking, or speaking enough upon the question
without my aid, and much better than I could
i give; but there are certain times when a man must
say somethmgin defense of himself. When it is
charged upon him, an American Senator, that he
, wants to shirk and dodge a question here, it is
! time for him to let it be known whether that is so
or not. Now, I beg leave to tell the Senator that
we are neither to be scolded out of our course
upon this question, nor laughed nor frightened
out of it, ono way or the other. The majority of
this Senate has had a sample, at no very distant
day, of what we can do when we are determined
upon a question and a course; for the same sort
of thing was had recourse to by gentlemen on a
former occasion. We had the thundering tones
of the Senator from Georgia in denunciation, and
the sweet and dulcet tones of the Senator from
I Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin*,] by way of soliuta-
, tion; ami yet, sir, we accomplished our purpose.
I Mi4rnENJAMIN. No; we passed the bill.
Mr. FESSENDKIST. Ay, butwe accomplished
' our purpose at the time; we did not object to pass-
ing the bill when the time came. You undertook
to say you-would pass it within a certain time,
and we told you, you would not; and you did
not.
Mr. TOOMBS. We gave you an hour of grace.
Mr. FESSENBEN". We did not ask for grace;
| and those who get it without asking for it, are apt
, to suppose it is something else, called by that
; name. Now, sir, I do not wish to utter any
' threats, on this occasion, of what we are disposed
to do, or disposed to bear; but I want to give
notice to these gentlemen that we will take our
own time, under the rules of the Senate, with ref-
erence to this matter, having as well our objects
to accomplish as they have theirs; and if gentle-
men talk about the country, we are willing to
jn« c t this question there.
I am opposed to the acquisition of Cubaunder
this bill, or, at the pieeent time, under any bill;
and 1 will- vote so when E get the chance to vote
omt. I have not hesitated to say po; and, if need
be, I will give my reason for it. I ask gentlemen
to consider, when they talk about opposing one
question to another, whether we have not some-'
t lung to say on that subject as well as themselves.
This is a great question of foreign policy, is it?
Stealing land, because that is the avowal; getting
it by theft or robbeiy, because that is what your
President says, and what he avowed long ago. [
do not believe there is a man in this Senate", and
some of them avowed it—thy honorable Senator
from Florida said, in his speech, he had no idea
that Cuba was to be obtained by purchase.
Mr. M ALLORY. If the Senator will allow me,
he does not quo:e n:e exacdy correct. 1 said we
could not purchase st for money, but in connec-
tion with eommeicial advantages to be yielded to
Spam.
Mr. rCSS^.N DEN. WtJl, sii, that is another
mode of not' mg u in the ram. w (ty; 11 t Cub - is
ii"t to !;e pi' r vlia^.J—-and la-avowcd <ul ftuohally '
rbar ir v;.-s no* to be pm eh sed ; it wag to be t-ikon;
