1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1355
the time had come. The President has said the
same thins;. He said it long1 ago, at the O&tend
conference. He said it in his message, as some
of us stated it here. So I say, it is a question of
theft; rather of robbery, and not of purchase; and
gentlemen so understand it. That is the question
befoieus. "When lias there been a call for this
measure ? Senators talk about it as a business
measure; but has there been any call for it by the
country? Where are your petitions from the
people of the country; those whom you represent
here? "Where are your resolutions of State Legis-
latures? Where is your movement anywhere in
favor of it? Where1 do you find your call from
the people ? You say you represent the people,
and have a great question of policy. Where does
it come from? What brought it up here ? Gen-
tlemen do not hold themselves responsible to the
people who lead in this measure. That is the
truth with regard to it. Coming up when? At
the very heel of the session; at the very close,
when everybody admits, if we occupy ourselves
industriously, day and night, from this to the
time when our life terminates—T mean hfi: in con-
nection with this Congress, of course—we have
enough to do to attend to the necessary business
of the country to carry on the Government. Gen-
tlemen admit this, and yet you are talking of this
question of foreign policy. My friend from Ohio
has well designated it. It is a mere question of
party, a mere question of party issue, a mere hum-
bug; and gentlemen know it, and intend it to be
such. They have no idea of accomplishing any-
thing by this measure except to make a party is-
sue for their own party purposes. That is what
I sincerely believe, and l do not, therefore, hesi-
tate to say so; and yet they talk to us because
we—I cannot say " \vc," for I am not a particular
advocate of the homestead bill, although I shall
vote for it—because gentlemen desire to antago-
nize with it—what? Something that we have an
opportunity to pass. A bill that has passed the
other house, has come here, and only lequires our
action to become a law. . What do Senators on
the other side want to do ? You desire to pass the
Cuba bill in the Senate at this late period of the
session, when you know, and cannot pretend to
believe otherwise, that there is not the ghost of a
chance for it to be taken up m the other House of
Congress—not one; and you do notexpeft it to
become a law, under any circumstances, at this
session of Congress, or you cannot reasonably
expect it; and yet gentlemen talk to us about
doing the business of the country. I have heard
that before. The business of the party always
takes precedence of the business of the country.
That is my observation.
Now, I gave notice the other day, in conversa-
tion with the honorable Senator who is chairman
of the Committer on Finance, of what we were
willing to do. I repeat it now, that at this late
hour we are ready to take up the proper business
of the country, and act upon it day and night it
you please, to the end of the session. We will
come here as early and sit here as late as you like,
acting upon these appropriation bills that are
necessary to carry fn this Government, if you
choose to do that. You have met with no diifi-
culty from us in relation to these matters, and in
relation to any business and appropriation before
this body—anything of a business nature which
you really expect to become a law. But, if you
choose, and 1 so said at that time, at this period,
to interpose, before these bills which are neces-
sary to carry on your Administration, a mere
question of this description from which you ex-
pect no results, except party results, you cannot
reasonably ask us to aid you. You cannot rea-
sonablyfind faultwith us if we oallup lulls which,
if we act upon them in the Senate, ni?y become
laws, so far as our action is concerned. Gentle-
men cannot escape this responsibility. It is upon
them.
I know my friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, is frank. He says the moment
this Cuba bill is disposed of, he will call up the
appropriation bills and insist upon action on them.
Why not call them up before? Why make an
agreement that these last two days of this week,
Friday and Saturday, be devoted to this Cuba
question ? Why did hetissent that thf necessary
business of the country should be postponed for
tins Cuba bill? Why is the appropriation bill, so
necessary to carry on this Government, laid aside
for the benefit of a measure which is simply in-
tended to operate upon the politics of the coun-
try ? I should like to know what the reason is,
especially before gentlemen accuse us of inter-
posing delays m any shape or form. .Now, sir,
the responsibility will be upon you; for 1 want
gentlemen to understand thatall these threats will
have no sort of influence upon us with regard to
time. If you choose to put in your measure here,
of which you understand the nature, and of which
you understand that we know the nature, m the
place of the business of the country, you must
take the responsibility; that is all. It will not
affect our action in the slightest degree.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. PfJGH. I call the Senator fi om New York
to order. The rule of the Senate is express that
no Senator shall speak more than twice on the
same question on the same day.
Mr. SEWARD. I behove, Mr. President, I
have not spoken on this question twice.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator has spoken twi-ceat
least.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The recollection
of the Chair is that the Senator from New York
has spoken but once, and he is entitled to speak
twice.
Mr. SEWARD, i had the floor and was sev-
eral times interrupted, and gave way to gentlemen
who asked the kindness of me to allow them to
suggest their views.
Air. President, I am not accustomed to impugn
the bravery or courage of anybody in the Senate,
much less to avouch my own. I think every man
in the Senate has all the courage that is required,
and 1 certainly have got all that is necessary for
my own purposes. I think that there are some
other qualities besides courage that are essential to
legislators and Senators, and amongst these are
moral courage, fidelity to the interests of the con-
stituency who send us here; and if all the world
should accuse me of having a lack of manliness,
of succumbing to influences averse to the inter-
ests of my people, I should still think it the part
of wisdom and of duty to maintain those inter-
ests.
But, sir, if there is any question of courage
here, I would like to examine a little deeper into
it than the honorable Senator from Georgia has
gone. Who is it that is afraid ? The President
of the United States, with a party triumphant, a
majority in both Houses of Congress, came into
power two years ago, capable of dictating and of
cariying through all the necessary measures of
administration. One half of the presidential term
has expired; one half of an Administration has
closed; and what has happened? The President
of the United States has been engaged in the ef-
fort to extend slavery and to build up the inter-
ests of slavery in the United States during all that
time, and with signal failure. Two free States
have'already come into the Union, and a third lias
been kept out from the Union by the influence,
the power, and the patronage of the Federal Gov-
ernment. The Congress is going to its rest, and
the President is coming before the people; and
just in that oiisis the President, instead of meet-
ing the questions upon which he is held respons-
ible and his party are held responsible to the peo-
ple, and upon which they are on trial, thrust into
the Senate of the United* States a demand, first,
for #30,000.000 to be taken out of the public
money and put into his private purse to be used
as he shall think fit, and in his discretion, in buy-
ing foreign slave lands to add to this .Republic;
and he thinks, under the smoke of that, fire, that
he shall the public reprobation which
awaits him Then, upon another day, he enmes
into the Congress of the United States and de-
mands that they shall confer on him the war-
'wakingpower, and authorize him at his discretion,
and for whatever causes he shall think sufficient,
to make war against all the tree Spanish States on
this continent, who have never, in my humble
judgment, committed any serious olfense against
the United States, except that of abolishing sla-
very throughout their dominions; and he expects,
by appealing to the cupidity of the American peo-
ple, that he" will escape an investigation upon the
domestic policy of the Administration, which has
been a total failure.
Where is the railroad to the Pacific, ocean
which the Piesident promised in his annual mes-
snge, m both his annual messages, and in his ac-
ceptance of the nomination for the office of Presi-
dent? Gone, sunk, sacrificed, lost, in his attempt to
fasten slavery on the Territory of Kansas. Where
is his protection to the manufacturing interest of
the State of Pennsylvania? His promise of re-
lief to the bankrupt? His promise of a restora-
tion to commerce ? All failed. There is not one
cardinal measure of the presidential policy which
has been carried out. There remains none for
him to propose; and when now the representa-
tives of the people of the free States demand this
last measure, the one which they have power to
carry out, which is already half accomplished by
the vote of the House of Representatives, they
are to be told that they are cowards because they
dare not meet the miserable, pitiful, false, fabu-
lous, pretended issue which the President of the
United States has forced upon us.
Sir, I am not afraid of the President's policy
or scheme. I have not mistaken it from the be-
ginning, and do not now. I told the Senate when
it was announced, that I took it not for a giant
in armor, but for a windmill with sails; and God
knows that we have let the windmill play as long
as the breeze has lasted. It is a whole month
since you have had it here playing the windmill
upon the prejudices of the people, and where are
you now? Say that we_ are afraid to meet it!
Have we not met it at every stage ? Have we not
debated it until we have left but six days of the
session for anything else, except the mere miser-
able amusement of playing upon the popular cre-
dulity, by attempting to make them believe that
the President is sincere in asking that we shall
put $30,000,000 in his pocket, and that he can
negotiate for the purchase of the Island of Cuba,
which cannot be purchased if the money is left
in the Treasury of the United States, where the
Constitution directs it shall be placed ?
There remains on this issue nothing but this:
the Senate of the United States is so constituted,
and, politically, so organized by the votes of par-
ties, that it has a preponderance of votes in favor
of the interests of the slave States; and the House
of Representatives has come, at last, in some de-
gree, to be a true exponent of the interests and
sentiments of the free States. The Senate is the
propagandist of slave labor; the House of Repre-
sentatives is the body which maintains and de-
mands the interests of freedom and free labor.
The Senate propose to extend the increase of the
production of the tropics by compulsory labor in
the Island of Cuba; and the House of Represent-
atives propose to increase the products of the tem-
perate clime by opening the public lands to culti-
vation by actual settlers, who are waiting to
possess them throughout the United States. I
do not care how the question is brought up; I do
not care who brings it up: it is no matter to me
when it is brought up, whetherit be in the morn-
ing, at twelve o'clock, as it was to-day; or now,
at ten o'clock at night; or at four o'clock in the
morning: whether it be noon, sunrise, or even
tide; I am always to be found there; always on
the side of the House of Representatives, free-
dom, and free labor; and always against the Sen-
ate, slavery, and slave labor. If there is cowardice
m that, I am willing to submit to the imputa-
tion. i
Mr. TOOMBS. This is a very singular man-
ifestation. The Senate is a very sate place for
the profession which the Senator from New York
has made. A question was presented to this body
at the opening of the session with reference to the
acquisition of the Island of Cuba. A committee
of this body has recommended to the Senate, after
two months' consideration, that it shall be done
in a particular way. The Senator from New
York, the chivalrous, the furious defender of free-
dom, (and if that is the only defense of freedom
he could make, the Senator would not have been
free enough to sit in his chair now; no institution
that he maintains would keep him here,) after he
had made his own speech, and two weeks had
elapsed, the question is regularly brought up and
is made the special order by this body, a majority
of whom, according to the forms of the Constitu-
tion have a right to pass laws. It is taken up in
iis order; it is taken up by its majority; it is
offered for open discussion; and we come to the
point when the argument is exhausted; when no-
body seems ready to continue it; when but the
simple recording of the vote is necessary; and this
intense valor does shrink from that simple issue.
