18S«
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Yes, it shrinks and squirms; it does not come up
to the point. It says, let us take up something
else; take any form but that; give land to the
landless, says the gentleman on my left, [Mr.
Wade;] give us the appropriation bills, says the
Senator from Maine; give us liberty, s^ys the
gentleman from New York; take any form but
Cuba; that I cannot stand. The Senator from
Maine is for the appropriation bills; my friend
here [Mr. Wade] for land to the landless; the
Senator from New York for freedom all over the
universal world—anything but Cuba.
Now, I say the Senate have the right to de-
termine their own order of business; when to dis-
cuss questions and decide questions. I know, as
the Senator from Maine says, there are a body of
men here presuming upon the practice of this body
for sixty years, which, until we had this Repub-
lican party, was never taken advantage of to ob-
struct the public business. We have thought it
proper to put in force neither the stringent rule
of the .House of Representatives to put down fac-
tion, nor that of the British Parliament of hissing
and scraping it out of its Halls; for these are the
two means by which it is done. The British Par-
liament hisses it, and scrapes it out of its Halls.
The House of Representatives, perhaps more
conveniently,puts a gag in its mouth. The Sen-
ate of the United States, the representatives of sov-
ereigns, supposed that, when a question was de-
bated, and there were a majority in favor of it,
especially if ail opportunities were given to the
minority, they were content to record the dissent
of the sovereignties which they represented, and
let questions puss. But no; when the argument
is exhausted, when it is through, that will not do.
We must do—what? Why, we are told we must
go to the appropriation I ills; go to the lacldand-
ers; go, to hbeity; give "niggers to the nigger-
less,3' as the gentleman on my left says. Sir, the
niggorless,and the negro eounti y, have very little
to do with anything wo do hero; and that is our
power, and that makes Us the masters of those
who trade in government.
Sir, 1 have sat here fourteen years, and have
not claimed land for the landless, nor any law of
yours to invigorate the muscle* of a human being
born in the State of Georgia. We are not men-
dicants for your legislation; not a particle of it,
air. Following our own mdusti y, standing open
to the maikets of the wotld, not seeking Govern-
ment aid for our industry, nor anything the Gov-
ernment does, we ate leady, at all times, to unite
in all measures neressaiy to our foreign defense;
al^neasures appiopnate for an equal administra-
tion among ouiselves, and the raising of revenue
upon proper principles; but we have never brought
the first petition, so far as I am concerned, in this
Government, for fourteen yeais, to give one sol-
itary advantage over a free man or a slave, at
home or abroad, for one single stroke of industry
ever struck by a freeman of Geoigia—not one;
neither fishing bounties, nor tariff bounties, nor
protection in any shape or torm. We have never
begged you for land. The land we gave to the
landless was our own. It was not the common
property. It was not the common funds. It was
our fund, winch we got as equals.
Mr. FESSENDKN. We paid for it.
Mr. TOOMHS. llow? By getting $50,000,000
for five or si\ million for the Indian titles in our
country, by the bale of public lands in Alabama
and Mississippi. Look to the figuies and you
will find that I am right.
f have said that you were afraid to come to this
issue. Why do you not come to it ? 1 have no
doubt every Democrat on this floor could be
brought to a vole in ten minutes. It will only
take the time of calling the roll. We do not want
time. You do. Aw you not prepared ? Are you
taken by suipri.se ? Are you taken unawares?
Have you not considered it? Are you not fit for
your posts ? i hope you aie.
Mr. WADE. We will choose our own time.
Mr..TOOMBS. In legislative bodies, no man
should choose his own time. In society, no man
should choose his own time. He should stand
upon the laws of his country as a good citizen;
and if he does not not, he is a factionist.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to interrupt him for moment?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is on the
point of older that I wish to raise. I believe the
Senator himself will sustain me in the correctness
of the motion which ! shall make. It is in regard
to the question as to whether it is in order to dis-
cuss the merits of a proposition on a motion to
take it up. I rise to a point of order again, al-
though the Chair has ruled against it, for the pur-
pose of taking an appeal from the decision. Iam
aware, certainly, as every one here is, that the
officer who presides over us can desire, and does
desire, nothing less than to give those judgments
which shall be right, and could have no false pride
in regard to any decision he might make. I will
ask, then, if it be in order, with a view, if the de-
cision shall be that it is in order, that I may have
an opportunity to take an appeal, or I will take an
appeal from the last decision if it is to be allowed.
I ask the Chair whether I can take an appeal from
the decision already rendered, or whether it will
have to be decided again before I can take it?
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 have but a word to say on
this question. I think I have a right to reply to
what has been said against me; and I hope, as a
matter of courtesy, that my fnend will allow me
to go on. If he does not, I shall vote against his
appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would be very
happy to give way to my friend, but I wish to
state to him that, in making the point of order to
arrest debate, I would much prefer doing it when
a friend is on the floor than an opponent; but, if
the Senator insists on it, I shall certainly yield the
floor, and will not make the point of order.
Mr. TOOMRS. I insist upon a hearing.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President -
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Georgia yield to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire simply to an-
nounce that, as appeals have been made, to me
personally in relation to this motion, 1 wish to
say something before debute is entirely cut off" on
this question.
Mr. .TOIINSON, of Arkansas. Docs the Sen-
ator from Georgia insist upon going on?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; I do.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have but a very few words
to say. I am merely vindicating my own posi-
tion, and showing what are the objections to
taking this question, and taking it now, and show-
ing that gentlemen are unwilling that it should
dune to a vote. Why do these Seruitois want
the homestead bill considered now? My fncnd
from Ohio said yesterday morning: "ftiends of
the landless, this is the last time; ifwe do not get
a vote on it now, i do not think we will ever get
a vote on it." Now is the last time, again.
Mr. WADE Positively.
Mr. TOOMBS. He says that it is positively
the last tune. Very well, I will accept that.
But the Senator fiom New Yoik attacks the
Administration. He goes entirely out of the ques-
tion, entirely out of meeting Cuba, cntnely out
of meeting the arguments for Cuba, anything to
enable us to come to a vote, and he says he will
go to the country, and appeal to the country. He
asks what has become of the Pacific railroad bill?
1 helped to kill it; 1 can tell him that. That is
what has become of that measure. So fai as I
agiee with the President of the United States, I
maintain his action; where 1 do not, J am a Sen-
ator fiom Georgia, and that is an answer to all
the obsei vatioiis about the President's party. We
met (he Pacific railroad, but we thought it bad
policy. Who voted for it? It was a measure
the President supported; a measure the American
! party supported; a measure the Republican party
' supported; a measuie that a few Democratic gen-
: tlemen, who differed from me, supported. So far
: as I am concerned, I watched it to fight it to the
last extremity. I uttered not one woid upon it.
I saw, or believed 1 saw, that it needed no lick
fiom me; and if it had, it should have received
the best blow I could give it.
He says the President of the United States
wishes to extend slavery. Sir, if I wanted a man
to benefit slavery I would take the Senator from
New York. When he came into the Senate of
the United States I was m the other House, and
I have been there and here ever since, and he de-
clared not only that he would maintain opposi-
tion to slavery wherever it existed, but lie would
exclude it from every foot of ground over which
the flag of the Republic floated. He has been
here ten years, and what has he done? Has he
freed a negro"? Not a single one, unless he has
done it clandestinely. He has not done it by law.
He has not given liberty to a human being? un-
less he stole him. 1 suppose he did not do that;
but that is the only way he could do it. There
was no law by which he could do it, not one. Has
he excluded slavery from one foot of territory by
law where it could rightly go? Not an inch. He
came in saying he would exclude it from New
Mexico and all the Territories. What did he do ?
He went out for wool and got fleeced. He not
only did not stop it south of 36° 30', but we tore
olf your restriction, trampled.itunderfoot in Con-
gress, condemned it by the people, and had our
action approved by the judiciary. That is his
crusade against negroes. I do not fear him upon
that question. He may go and tell foolish old
men and spinsters and old maids in New York
that he has done a thriving business in freeing
negroes, but he has never fieed one. He has
never sanctified one acre of land to liberty—not
an inch—and he never will. These are not the
people to do it.
He pretends to be very valorous; I impugn no
man's personal courage. I think I am willing to
test it if he wants to do it. I do not know whether
I am or not. I impugn no one's courage; not at
all; I never have done it, and do not now intend
to do it. That is a question with him. It is for
him to put that to the test, not me. This is not
a question of force. When I believe men shrink
from questions and prefer not to give the vote, but
would prefer to select another question which will
be safer at home, I say so. The Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] said the same thing
the other day. He said there was a trembling of
the knees of the Free-Soilers of New Hampshire.
1 do not doubt it. He said that Cuba had caused
a good deal of shivering; like Belshazzar, their
knees smote together. It is the confusion of the
party.
But the Senator fiom New York is extremely
valorous. I tell him that he has one valor that I
never want to have. I never expect to stand in
this body and say the gentleman occupying the
Chief Magistracy of this country has uttered sen-
timents false, fabulous, and pretended. This
charge is brought against the President of the
UnitefcStates. For forty yeais he has served his
country. For forty years he has had the confi-
dence of one of the largest States of this Common-
wealth. Foi foriyyears he has held the relation
of a gentleman here. For forty years he has been
ready to defend his personal honor as a gentleman,
wherever it was assailed. He has held himself
responsible everywhere, in this body and else-
where, to maintain his personal honor wherever
it was assailed; and is it courageous in a gentle^
man who is not ready to defend his anywhere to
assail the Chief Magistrate of the country with
language that he dare not apply to a gentleman in
a position to make him responsible; that he dare
not apply to me? That is the point. Sir, I call
the attention of the country to it. I say his posi-
tion forbids the President from replying to it. His
position as Piesident and Chief Magistrate of
this country throws him out of the way of that
defense of his personal honor which becomes
every gentleman here. Even if I believed it, as a
man of honor, with reference to his position as
Chief Magistrate of my country, I think no Sen-
ator should use such language. It is unbecoming
the Senate. I say it is language which no Senator
responsible fur what he says would uttei; while
but few men, connected us 1 am, even nominally,
if you please, with the Democratic party, find
; fewer causes of agreement than I do-with the Chief
i Magistrate, yet I feel it my duty to repel this
1 charge. Sir, 1 repel it as an American Senator,
t I say it is a slander; and that he has uttered in
I the Senate what he cannot maintain as a gentle-
man.
Mr. DOOLITTLE obtained the floor.
Mr. BROWN. Allow me one moment. Mr.
President, I think this whole controversy can be
j settled now in a few moments. I tell the Senator
j from Wisconsin now, that while J shall not vote
j for his homestead bill, if he will permit, or if the
; friends of the homestead bill will permit us to go
i on with the Cuba question, until we come to the
! conclusion of it, I will vote wish him, and I feel
quite eertain I can pledge friends enough to carry
i the proposition, to take up the homestead.bill next
