274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
I say that I have not seen Che decision of the
Comptroller, nor do I care what it is. But sup-
pose he has decided that no damages are due to
those parties: is there any need of action upon the
part of the House against that officer ? You have
imposed upon him the duty of deciding ccrtain
qu6stionsunderthelaw,andhe has but discharged
that duty in compliance with his judgment of the
terms ef that law.
Mr. NICHOLS. ^ I understand the gentleman
to say that there is no appeal from the decision
of this officer, if he has refused to comply with
the law. Now, I suggest to him that there is an
appeal to the Executive head of the nation, whose
duty it is to remove him if he refuses to comply
with the law. #
Mr. HOUSTON". Isaid thataccording to the
doctrine laid down by the gentleman from Ohio,
there was no appeal from the decision of the First
Comptroller in this case. I am well aware that,
imder the ordinary relations existing between the
head of an Executive Department and the subor-
dinate officers of that Department, their acts may,
in a proper case, be reviewed; but the hypothesis
u-nder which the gentleman presents this case is,
that the First Comptroller is, by law, made an in-
dependent officer, to perform tins particular duty,
free from all influences from other officers; con-
trolled alone by his honest judgment. I say, if
that be true, there is no appeal from his decision.
Mr, NICHOLS. I do not propose to speak
upon this question again, but I want to keep the
gentleman straight as he goes along; that is my
object.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is right.
Mr. NICHOLS. Very well. Now, I wish
to express my dissent to the hist conclusion of the
gentleman, that my argument placed this officer
above everybody else. I expressed no opinion
of my own; I merely read from the report of the
Judiciary Committee expressing; the opinion that
he was an officer of Congress selected to execute
this law, and as such was above Executive con-
trol in its execution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that the gentleman
subscribed to the sentiments and doctrinesof the
report of the Judiciary Committee, especially as
he used them in his argument without expressing
a dissent. This officer, as the other executive
officers, may subject himself to the censure of
Congress, frothing further. Rut tlmt is not the
point? I was arguing upon the hypothesis of the
gentleman that, in the execution of this law, he
is an officer above the interference or control of
the President. You have made him the sole and
absolute judge in the matter, and, when in the dis-
charge of his duty as such he makes his decision,
you want the Presidents lemove him for that
decision. You will not allow the President, you
will not-allow the Secretary of theTreasury, you
will not allow the Attorney General to intuiforc
with him in his action under the law by which the
question is referied to him, or inquire whether {lie
contract has been abrogated, and, if abrogated,
upon what gro-unds or for what reasons; yet you
want the President to remove him if lie does not
decide in favor of the claim, and give large dam-
ages. Now, that is rather a singular statu of things.
You will not allow the President to look at the
contract to see whether the First Comptroller lias
executed the law or not, and yet you want the
Presidentto remove him because he has not ex-
ecuted it as Carmick <& Ramsey understand it!
I say that, if the gentleman's hypothesis is good
for his argument, it is good for mine.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] assumes
that Congress, in the passage of this law, refeired
the ease of Carmick & Ramsey to the First
Comptroller of the Treasury, to determine the
damages due these gentlemen for a violation of
contract upon the part of the officers of the Gov-
ernment, and to pay them the amount of damages
found arising therefrom, Congress deciding that
mere had been a violation of contact. Now, sir,
I assume that Congress determined no such thing'.
You, Mr. Speaker, will rocollcct, and gentlemen
will recollect, that during the whole session of
Congress in which this bill was passed, there was
a private bill pending for the relief of Carmick &
Ramsey; that that bill could not pass Congress;
and that, during the last night of the session, in
the hurly-burly, confusion, uncertainty, and
everything else that characterize legislation at
that period, which should not characterize it, the
Post Office appropriation bill, when pending in*
the Senate, had attached to it this provision,
which I will now read from the law.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a point of order. I
do not wish to interrupt the gentleman from
Tennessee; but, as this discussion is taking a
somewhat wide range, I will make the question
of order. I understand that the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio'js to refer these papers to
the Committee on the Judiciary. Does that open
up the discussion of the merits of the whole ques-
tion? If not, I object to this debate.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio was to refer and print, which
opens the merits of the whole question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The sixth section
of the Post Office appropriation bill, approved
August IS, 1856, was incorporated into that«bi|l
in the Senate, if I mistake not, on the last night
of the session, and sent here for concurrence.
Whether it was readto the House or not I do not
now recollect. But that it received no consider-
ation of the House which passed it, I am very
certain. Here it is:
"That the Comptroller of the Treasury be, mnd he is
hereby, requned to adjust the damages due to Edward II.
Carmick and Albeit C. Ramsey, on account of the abroga-
tion, by the Postmaster General, of their contract to cany
the mail on the Vera Ciuz, Aeapulco, and San Rrancisc'o
route, dated the 15th ot' Febmary. 1833, and adjudge and
awaid ro them, according to the principles of law, equity,
and jinnee, the amount so found due ; and the fcSecretaiy
of the Treasury is hereby required to pay the same to said
Cai mick & Ramsey out of any money in the Treason y not
otherwise appropuated."
Now, sir, I ask if that decides the merits of
the case ? I ask if it decides or determines that
there is one cent due to these claimants? Upon
the contrary, it appears to my mind that Congress,
so far as they determined anything, determined
that they would not decide whether there was
anything due to these claimants or not, but that
they would constitute the First Comptroller the
chancellor in equity, to sit upon and determine
the question upon its merits.
Mr. RITCHIE. I agree with the gentleman
frflm Tennessee in much that he has said. 1 think
it would be very bad legislation for us to determ-
ine whether damages were sufficient or not. Eat
if I understand the point, it is this: the gentle-
man from Ohio wishes simply that the Committee
on the Judiciary shall inquire whether an execu-
tive officer has willfully refused to execute a law
of Congress or not. Now, if any member oi this
House asks that such an inquiry should be made,
1 think the request should be granted him. The
piopcr time to discuss the merits will be when the
leport of the committee conies in, and not now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The complaint is,
I believe, that the Comptroller refused to execute
this law, as he is required to do. if that be so,
it would be just cause for anai^mng him before
this IInuse and trying him for his refusal to ex-
ecute the law. The contract was made, and it
concludes with this additional and emphatic stip-
ulation;
"And it is heieby farther expressly understood that this
comtact is !o have no toree or validity until it shall have
icceived the sanction of the Co-ujiess of the United State4?,
by the passage of an appiopuanon to cany it into effect."
Now, sir, upon the point of the refusal of the
Comptrolh r to execute the law, I have assumed
that Congress did not determine that there was
anything due under that law. That is the point
the Comptroller has decided; and in the conclud-
ing paragraph of his decision, which is this morn-
ing presented to us, he says:
" I have not attempted to notice many of the argument-*
advanced, and point.? made by the claimants and tiuii at-
torney"., because my conclusions were icadud without any
neee-^ary lelewnee to them. The detennmatton of a single
question di^po^gsot' the whole manor, and puts an emfto
the mve.-tiiiation. Piopudiatinj; the idea that O'ongief-s had
deteiiiiined by law the Jact* m this ca«e, or intended to
do -o. it w!k my duty, fiist, to lixjune whether the er,u-
tiaci reieued to in the law was fo abrogated by the Po-t-
maMer Uenei.il n* to make the United Eruudliab'e u> u a
ruutittetOirf in damage-* foi such abto^aiion ; aed thubpmg
decided in the negative, I had m  limber investigation to
make, and it remained i'oi me only to decide that I find
nothni? due fiom the United States to Yk'obja. Cairnick &
Ranifcey, under the contract aroiesuid.'5
This is his decisions and I say that the Comp-
troller has discharged the duty devolved upon
him, and ho has communicated the result of that
investigation to the House ? as he was called upon
to do by the resolution. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that call.
Mr.-JONES, of-Tennessee. I will do so.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I cannot imagine what ob-
jection there can be to a reference o£ this matter
to the Committee on the Judiciary, When this
House sought the information it must have been
with a view of taking some action upon it; and
the gentleman from Tennessee, and I believe the
gentleman from Alabama, have greatly mistaken
the purpose of the law, and the duty of the Comp-
troller under it, in the view they have expressed •*
here.
I have had occasion to examine, not with ref-
erence to the justice of the claim, or its anrount,
but in reference to the power of this officer to dis-
regard the law, as I think he has done. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] makesamis^-
take when he says that this officer has executed
the law m arriving at a decision which is unfa-
vorable to the claimants. Jf I understand rightly
what was done by Congress, it was to settle the
question thatHhere had been an abrogation of the
contract.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did the gentleman
ever see*a claim of this sort passed at the close of
a session of Congress ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I cannot say that I have. I
have not been here.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It amounts to
nothing except for the purpose of getting money
out of the Treasury.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I speak, sir, of the law as I
find it upon the statute-book. I tell the gentle-
man that it was never intended by that Jaw that
the Comptroller of the Tiensuiy should have the
power of determining whether or not the contract
had been violated. That was the determination
of Congress, whether made rightfully or wrong-
fully. It was the determination of Congress;
and this) sir, was like a thing well Jrnown ro law-
yers, a judgment by default with a remission to
assess damages, and that was the ministerial duty
of the Comptroller,
But, Mr. Speaker, I will tell the gentleman that
I know something of this case, and that he is mis-
taken in reference to its history. This claim un-
derwent the investigation of a committee of tlie
Senate, and the report of that committee was full
in determining that the contract had been violated.
And although it is true that the contract contained
tHfe clause that it should not be operative until
Congress made an appropriation for the purpose,
yet the gentleman knows that a subsequent rati-
fication is equivalent to an original authority.
Therefore, when the carrying of the mail wa« rat-
ified Dy the Post Office Department, when Con-
gross subsequently recognized the validity of the
contract, by declaring that n had been violated,
that it had been abrogated, I want, to know if the
Comptroller of the Treasury had the right to set
up—what?—his judgment under the act of Con-
gress? No! but his decision upon a point which
had never been referred to him; namely, his de-
cision that the contract was never violated at all,
a tiling that was never intended, even, that he
should decide.
The gentleman read the law, and he said that
Congress did not declare that any particular sum
of money was due. That is so; but Congress
did declaie—whether in haste, or not, makes no
difference—-and it is upon the statute-book, that
the Comptroller of the Treasury should assess
the damages which should bo found due for that
violation of the contract. Now, what does the
Comptroller do? We tire told by the chairman
of the CouhnUlee on the Judiciary—the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Air. J-Iocston,] — that the
Conipfroia rouglu to execute the law as he under-
stood it. t wish some of the other officers would*
imitate his independence. He was the officer to
execute the law of Congress, and it was never
intended that he should receive advice or instiuc-
tions from any other executive officer. The prece-
dents are against him; the opinions of the Attor-
neys General are against him. When Congress,
in this manner-—and it is not unusual—determ-
ines a matter for itself, and refer to a subordinate
officer—if you chose to call him such, a ministe-
nal officer—the duty of finding out how much
damage has been sustained, there has never, up to
this time, been known of any instance where there
