1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1357
after this. What we will do after we get the bill
lip is altogether a different question. X shall not
vote to pdss his bill. I may vote to lay it down
agi.in in five minutes after we have taken it up;
but I pledge him my word to take it up immedi-
ately after we have taken the vote on this ques-
tion, and I feel quite certain that I can pledge him
votes enough on our side, added to his, whatever
gentlemen may say, to take it up after this prop-
osition.
What I desire in this connection is simply this:
to go along with one proposition at a time; settle
that, and then take up somethingelse. The friends
of the homestead bill are exceedingly anxious to
get that up. The friends of the Cuba bill are
exceedingly anxious to keep that before the Sen-
ate until we have disposed of it. I am for the
Cuba bill. I am very much opposed to the home-
stead bill; but since we have the Cuba bill up, I
want to dispose of that. Let us take the vote
upon it, if we can do so, or dispose of it in some
way, and when that is done, I say to the Senator
from Wisconsin, I will vote with him. 1 pledge
him other friends on my side of the House to
vote with him next after that. That is the amount
of the proposition. When we have it up, what
we will do with it will be another question. I
shall vote for it. I may vote to lay it on the table;
but he will get the consideration of it. He will
get it easier and quicker and more expeditiously
by that course than he will by the present policy.
If he adopts that policy he gets it next after this
proposition; and then, if they have the power to
pass it, let them pass it. I, at least, will go with
mm to take it up, and so will other friends on this
Bide.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow me
a moment ?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I fear there is some mis-
understanding on the part of gentlemen on the
other side of the House with reference to this
matter; and I am desirous that we should under-
stand each other fully and fairly before we pro-
ceed further. I said, in reply to the Senator from
Georgia, when I was up before, that he knew very
well that we could not be driven, m relation to
this matter, further than we ourselves were will-
ing. Now, it is with no desire whatever to waste
the time in idle motions that we adopt this course;
but Senators will look at it. They were able to
bring this Cuba bill before the Senate for consid-
eration to any extent, for the first time, this morn-
ing. Up to this period, which, it seems, was
agreed upon on the other side of the Chamber,
the Senator from Virginia had his appropriation
bills. This morning, however, it was otherwise.
In what condition did it leave us? With a large
number of gentlemen on this side of the House,
who desire, before this vote is taken, to speak
upon this question. Weil, sir, we have gone on
from twelve o'clock to-day, and there have been
three speeches made—perhaps four. What is the
result? We are here at ten o'clock at night;
and what do you insist upon ? After we have been
in session for two nights until twelve o'clock on
business, that we shall take this Cuba bill and
make the speeches that we have to make upon it
in the course of a single night-sitting, for it will
take all night to do it, because it is perfectly man-
ifest that must be the case if we say what we want
to say on this side of the Chamber. Is that just?
is that fair ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask the Senator from
Maine to permit me to make a statement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state to the Senator
from Maine, so far fiom the majority of the Sen-
ate being desirous to do that, there have been
repeated propositions to gentlemen who agree
with him in opinion that the vote on this Cuba
bill should be taken at any time to-morrow evening
desired, and the whole intermediate time at then
disposal, to be divided out to suit themselves, if
they would only name some hour at which they
would have finished speaking and be ready to
vote. It was refused.
Mr. FESSENDEX. How can we tell at what
time we shall finish' That is precisely the thing
to which we object. If you adjourn to areason-
able hour in the morning——
Mr. BENJAMIN. When you please.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; to a reason-
able hour in the morning, and take this matter up
at that time, and if we then, after we have finished
our speaking upon the subject, should delay you,
I or delay the passage of the bill, the responsibility
will be upon us for so doing. That will be the
amount of it. Now it is upon you, and you may
take your own choice. We do not object to it.
We have no complaint to make; at least I have
no complaints to make. I only want it under-
stood perfectly throughout the country what the
state of the facts is; that Senators come in here,
after we have been acting upon the business of
the Senate two nights, until midnight, and say to
us on this side of the House, when there are so
many men who desire to express their senti-
ments, that they have got to take the third night
and go through without sleep, in order to enable
you to pass the bill at this period of the session.
That is the proposition made. It was made by
the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the Senator to per-
mit me to state another fact.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Three speeches have been I
made to-day. Some of the Senator's friends in- j
formed us that there were twenty speeches more j
to be made. Those twenty speeches, three a day, I
would take us until after the 4th of March. Under I
these circumstances, a proposition was made to |
the Senator's friends to take all of to-night, or so ,
much of it as they pleased, and all to-morrow, or j
so much as they pleased; all of to-morrow night,
or so much as they pleased, and fix themselves
the time for voting. That proposition has been
declined.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know nothing about
any proposals at all, in relation to the matter. No
propositions have been made to rne. 1 have heard
of none.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state to the Senator from
Maine, if he will allow me——•
Mr. FESSENDEN. With great pleasure. I
: will yield to anybody who wants to say any-
thing.
Mr. SLIDELL. Having charge of this meas-
ure, I spoke with a sort of quasi authority upon
the subject publicly, in my place, and in making
an appeal to the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
if ho was prepared to go on, and for other Sena-
tors to do so, I stated iherc would be no dispo-
sition to press them. We desired to give them
all the chance to speak, and if they did not choose
to go on and speak to-night, if they would ag"ree
to dispose of this bill finally to-morrow, there
would be no objection to an adjournment at a
reasonable hour. That 1 stated publicly.
Mr. WADE. 1 only wish to say that after
the speaking had ceased on this side, I had no
doubt when I made the motion to adjourn but
that it would be complied with. 1 asked if theie
was any one who wished to speak this evening.
I did not feel very well, and it was late, and I
thought we ought not to speak to-night, and 1 '
moved an adjournment; but it did not carry. Of i
course, after "that vote was taken, I thought other-
wise.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to make a state- ,
ment of fact. I have no desire to discuss the ques- ;
tion at all. I hear gentlemen around me saying j
or asking to whom this proposition was made? I ]
state, on my honor, that I made it to three mem- '
bers of that party, and was informed by them it |
would not'bc entertained. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, I do not know ;
how that was, nor do I much care about it; be- |
cause, as 1 stated before, it is well we should un-
ij derstand ourselves. It is a little hard, although
i; I do not complain of it, (and when I say it is hard,_ j
I merely say it is rather stringent,) on tin; part of i
jj gentlemen to take up a bill of tins importance, with i
It so many men who are opposed to it in this Sen- •
> ate, of a morning, and gr, e notu$ that, when it is
I taken up on that morning, it is to be continued
; until the question is taken. That was the notice
i! that was given by the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. SLIDELL. I did not wish to be under-
! stood that it \,-as to be decided without an ad- ;
i journment. We were willing that the discussion
should be continued until the bid was disposed of.
'! Mr. FESSENDEN. If that is what the Sen- :
;! ator understood, then what follows ? We go on,
;i and at a late hour in theevening, alter sitting two
j! days from twelve o'clock until iwelve o'clock,
:| twelve houis in succession, here upon business,
'' and sitting with patience and desiring to do the
business of the country, we then begin the next
morning and sit from Iwelve to eight in the even-
ing, or it was perhaps an earlier hour when the
Senator from Ohio made the motion to adjourn. An
adjournment is asked for, and what is the an-
swer? Agree that you will get through at a par-
ticular time, and we will allow you to go home,
otherwise you have to stay here all night. Now,
sir, do you suppose that we are made of such,
kind of stuff that we will submit to terms of that
description, imposed upon us in that way? I.
would sithere, I say ithonestly,noton)y to-night,
but to-morrow, if my strength will enable me to .
hold out so long, and I rather think it would,
with occasional help such as we can get during
sessions, rather than submit to any such thing.
I want it understood; this bill is brought up of a
morning; the debate fairly opened this morning;
only two or three speeches were made upon it
before, except as a preliminary debate when the
bill was brought in, and most of those speeches
were from the other side of the House; there has
been very little debate upon it by a great many of
us on this side;and we are told we mustgothrough
with it. That is our objection. Our objection is,
we are to have it put upon us by that condition:
" we will grant you a little time for the sake of
sleep after this work has been done, if you will
agree to have the question taken up and finished
at a particular time."
Let gentlemen remind themselves of last year.
I told them then, in my place here,as did others,
" treat us fairly; do not attempt to impose condi-
tions; let us have the time which we require to
speak; and then, if we treat you in a manner, or
the country in a manner, that it will not justify,
and ought not to be justified, the consequences
arc upon us." That is the only relation which
Senators ought to bear to each other, and which
two parties in this Senate ought to bear to each
other; and not, because we happen to be a minor-
ity, that we are to submit to rules and dictation
about time; " we will give you so much time if
you will agree to do so and so."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Exactly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly; that is ex-
actly it; and that is exactly whatwedonot choose
to submit to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maine yield to the Senator from Arkansas ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, i hope the Sen-
ator will allow me to interrupt him. I know tljat
he will not misconstrue it.
Sir. FESSENDEN. Certainly not. I know
the Senator from Aikansas too well for that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. I suggest that
I would be glad now to have an opportunity to
ra'se the point of order, as I have not interrupted
the debate heretofore. The Senator knows my
regard for him, and he will not misconstrue it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very sorry that-the
Senator should show his regard for me by raising
the point on me just at this time. Any other
proof of regard would be more acceptable. _
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I appreciate it
at once; and if the Senator insists upon that view
of it, and feels that there is something else out of
the line which he is now presenting, and has not
already presented to us, I certainly shall not in-
sist upon pressing the point again; but I will give
notice that upon the next Senator who attempts
to continue this debate, be he friend politically or
foe politically, I will insist upon the point. _ If
the Senator desires to go on, very well; but it is
, evident that he is not discussing either the merits
1 of the question proposed to be taken lip, or that
j which is proposed to be laid down, but n mere
| matter of a majority imposing upon a minority,
land pressing the necessity for a vote without
! which vote and action no Government can get
' alon^, dependent upon a body like this,
i Mr. FESSENDEN. We are discussing, Mr.
' President, just the kinds of questions that we
j might be supposed to be discussing at this time
i of night, and under these circumstances; just
1 what°\ve always discuss under similar ciicum-
• stances at this period. Now, 1 was saying that
I we are not to be misled, and I think the country
I will not be misled, by this idea that we are inter-
j posing before the business of the country. Let
1 us look at the proposition which has been made
I by the honorable Senator from Mississippi. Why
