1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27 5
has been a refusal to do it. If the accounting
officer who preceded the present one always dfd
it, he only did his duty;and if the presentComp-
troller had gone through this matter, and had said,
" I cannot find much damages; I find only nom-
inal damages;" then he could have come before
us with at least some pretext of compliance with
the obligations of the law. But, on the contrary,
he comes to Congress with a decision, and I have
read it, that " you must not decide this contract
was never abrogated, because I say that there
never was any contract, and that, consequently,
as there was no contract, there could have been
no violation of any contract. Therefore, as I
differ from you on that point, I will not execute
the law which you have passed."
Why should not this matter be referred ? It in-
volves a precedent. The same thing which has
been done to-day may be cited as a precedent for
the morrow. Why should not the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio be adopted, and this whole
matter be referred to the Judiciary Committee to
inquire what is the extent of the powers of the
Comptroller of the Treasury, what the meaning
of the act of Congress, and what the intention of
the members who passed it ? If those who passed
it differed about it, if officeis of the Treasury dif-
fer with us about it, I think it should go to the
Judiciary Committee for investigation.
I have read the report of the committee of the
other branch of Congress, where it is declared
that the Postmaster General pat the contract in
force by directing the mails to be carried on it. I
believe, and indeed I know, that it was the inten-
tion of the committee to declare that theie was a
contract, to recognize the contract, and further, to
declaie that it had been unjustly abrogated by the
successor of the Postmaster General who had
made it. And, as the gentleman said, in the last
hours of the session, wc said that we would not
say what amount was due, but would refer it to
our officer, to whom we are m the habit of refer-
ring such things, to assess the damages. Bat what
does he do? He does not, as I have said before,
say what, if any, damages are due; hut under the
direction of otheis, he tells Congress: " I find you
have made a mistake when you recogmzcd that
there was a contract, and therefore shall allow no
money to go out of the Treasury m execution of
your enactments."
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to say to the gentle- j
man, in the first place, if he did not so understand ,
me, that X purposely avoided going into the mer- •
its of this claim, i have expressed no opinion
on its merits; I only endeavored to present the :
point now involved. And I understand my friend !
iVom Pennsylvania to take the ground that the
First Comptroller is the olllcer designated, and ,
who can alone decide upon the claim as .presented !
to him. ,
Mr. PHILLIPS. The amount of the claim.
Mr. HOUSTON. But I ask my friend who it
is that has the right to construe thu law ? An of-
ficer acting under a law, and in obedien.ee to its ,
mandates, necessarily must construe it. lie may 1
take one view of his duty and we may take an-
other. He construes the law as devolving a cer-
tain duty upon him, and that duty he discharges.
And I ask if that officer acts conscientiously in ■
the discharge of what he believes to be his duty,
whether he is to be exposed to censurp and the ,
haish criticism of this House?
Mr. WASHDURNE, of Illinois. With the ,
gentleman's peimission, I wish to say a word or
two. If wc arc going into a full discussion of this
waiter to-day, then letus have all the papersread j
so that we nuy understand it. if not. then let !
us refer ii at once to the Committee on the Judi- ;
ciary; let them examine it; let them report their ■
conclusions, tvnd then let us act. As it is now, ,
wc are certainly acting m the dark. 1
Mr. PHILLIPS. In reply to the suggestion '
of the gentleman Irom Alabama, I will say
it depends upon his committee whether this offi-
cer shall be censuied. I have not cast censure
upon him. I have not said one harsn word of his
motives. I have no doubt that he was actuated
by pure motives; but the question is,whetner Ins
construction of the law is to be supreme. I un-
derstand too gentleman from Alabama to say that
whete a ministerial officer dillers in his construc-
tion from that of Congress, that is enough. 1
Mr. HOUSTON, the gentleman wholly mis- ,
understands me; and 1 will say, in all respect, that
I have made no remark from v/lueh he can fairly
draw any such inference. I said that, assuming
the gentleman's hypothesis, and the hypothesis
of the gentleman from Ohio, the Comptroller was
the individual designated in the law, and that he
alone had the right to construe the law, in dis-
charging his duty under it. He is required to dis-
charge a duty under the law passed by Congress;
and in the discharge of that duty, preparatory to
its proper discharge, he must construe the law.
Then, in the construction of the law, he being the
only party who can decide the point, he does net
say Congress erred. Pie makes no such state-
ment; but in the discharge of his duty, he says
that there has been no violation of the contiact,
and of consequence, no damages due. And I
say that there is no appeal, no redress, unless it
shall be found in a subsequent act of the two
Houses of Congress, mnking a new regulation on
the subject, where lus duty shall be more distinctly
marked out.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I did not misunderstand the
gentleman. It amounts to the same thing. I agree
that the officer must construe the law, must un-
derstand, and must execute it. But if he acts
wrongfully, we must correct him. Thete must
be a power somewhere. Now, all that I suggest
is, that this is a matter proper for the investiga-
tion of the Judiciary Committee. I think I never
could have voted, for that section of the bill. 1 do
notapprove of thatsortof legislation; but I find it
to be the law. I find it on the statute-books. It
has the validity of lav/. The First Comptroller of
the Treasury, recognizing it as a law, undertakes
to execute it; and, in executing it, he does not
decide what he has got to decide, but decides
another point which was not referred to hun.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 move the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I am informed by
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] that
this is the first time in lus legislative experience
of fifteen years, that either branch of Congress
has been in session on the anmveisary of the
battle of New Orleans. [Cries of "Order!" "Or- ;
der!"] I move, therefoie, that the House do now !
adjourn. The Senate has adjourned over, as this ,
is'a national holiday. 1
Mr. KEITT. We have already met mid been j
here an hour and a half. !
The question was taken; and there were—ayes :
61, noes 86. '
Mr. MORGAN. I raise the question of oider, ]
whether the gentleman had the floor to make the .
motion3 !
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could fltake '
the motion. j
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the yeas and nr. vs.
I wHi to know who these gentlemen are that
want to adjourn. *
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I wbhdrav^tbe
motion until the pending question is disposed of.
Mr. GUOESBECK. la*k;hegcnrl mitm fiom
Indiana to withdraw his call for the previous
question, in order that I may say a word on the
question.
Mr. HUGHES. I withdiaw the demand on
the condition that the gentleman from Ohio will
renew it.
Mr. GROESBLCK. Mr. Speaker,_this discus-
sion has occurred in regard to the Fnst Comp-
troller of the Tienfjiuy. I know nothing about
the meuts of the controveisv, but 1 am giad to
sec that the Coroptioller has made the decision he
did; and on Win brdmK, end m vh \v of the discus-
sion that lo.s taken place, attempting to visit cen-
sure upon him, I invite an investigation into h:.;
conduct, and hope that the motion to refer tins
tiansactmn to tin* Judiciary Committee will be
accepted without any opposition,m cider that we
may know whathas been done; and that the Fust
Comptioller, having been censured in part, ru.iy
be vindicated m whole heroic the Hou.se. He
courts investigation, and I ask it on his behali. 1
now renew the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
m?m question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the papers were referred to the Judiciary
Committee, and ordered to be printed,
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. VALLANIMGIIAM. I now renew my
motion to fuijoui m
: Mr. COEB. I .ise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
j motion to adjourn is a question of as high priv-
ilege as any other.
Mr. LElTER. I call for the yeas and hays.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 84, nays 93; as follows:
YEA.S—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Barks-
dale, Bishop, Bonham, Bowie, Burnett, Rums, Cat inhere,
Caskie, Cavanangh, Chapman, John B. Clark, Cobb. Coek-
enJl, Cox, Burton Oraige, Crawford, Davis of Mississippi,
De*,vart, DowrLell, Edmuiidson, Eustis, Faulk inn, Florence.
Foley, GartrelJ, Gilhs, Greenwood, Groe>beck, Lawrence
W. frail, Ifatelr,Hawkins, Hill,Hopkins,Houston,Hughes,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jewctt, George W. Jone^, Kent, Kilgore,
Lamar, Landv, Lavvier.ce, Loidy, Maclay, McQueen,
•McRao, Mason, Maynaid, Miles, Millei, Montgomery,
; Mooie, Nibldck, Pevton, Phiil'j^; Ready, Reilly, Ruflfm,
j Ranriulge, Savage, iienry M. Shaw, Siioif'r, Samuel A.
i Smith, William Smith, Stalhvoith, James A. .Stewart,
i George Taylor, Miles Taylor, 'J'rippe, Underwood, Vallan-
I dr^ham. Waiklns, White, Woodson, Woitcndyke, Augus-
' tud R. Wusht, John V. Wright, and ZoJlicortei—84.
NAYS—Messrs Andrews, Bingham, Blair, fhanch, Bray-
ton, Bulfmton, Builmcaifrb, Ca«e, ClmflVe, Kzia Clark,
Horaeo F. Claik. dawson, John Cochrane, Colfax. Com ins,
Cuming, Covode, James Craig, Curiv, Cuili*, Davis of In-
diana, David of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dodd. Duitee, Dche, Fain>\voith, Fenton, Foster,
Garnctf, Guidmgs, Gilmer, Goode, Goodwin, Grander,
i Gregtr, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Harris, Hoard, Hor-
■ ton. Hovvaul, Owen Jones, Kellogu, KeUey. Knapp, Leach, ,
I Loiter, Lnvcjov, Samuel S. Maiiha.il, Matuson, Miilson,
Moi«an, Mom!!, Edward Joy Morii?, Fieeman H. Moise,
Mott, Murray, Nichols. Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton,
Pettit, John Phelps,' William W. Phelp-., I'ike, Potter,
Pottle, Purvjaiifp, liea^an, Ric.iud. Ritchie, Robbins, Rob-
erts, Itoyce, Scales, John Sherman. Robeit Smith, Stanton,
Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Vance, Wade. Wakhon,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Wjushbutn, Elhhu B. Was-hburne,
and Israel Washbuin—93.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the vote,
Mr. DAVIS, of PvTississippi^said: Mr. Speak-
: or, I always vote against adjournments; but this
l is the 8th of January, and it is obvious that noth-
j ing will be done to-day, as the motion to adjourn ,
! willoe made every five minutes, (t is better to
i adjourn m order than to sit in disorder. I there-
fore vote ay."
Mi. CLAY said: I dnshe to say that if I had
'been in my seat'when my name was called, I
< should, from respect for (la:; day, the anniversary
' of one so full of g!o;y to our country, have voted
: ay."
■ Mr. FLORENCEsaid: Agreeing,as I do, with
' the sentiment expressed by the gentleman from
, Kentucky, [Mr. 'Clay,] I change my vote, and
i vote " ay."
Mr. MORRIS, nf Illinois, stated that, if he had
; been in the Hall, when his name was called, he
! would have vote:',I " no."
; ARMY REGISTER.
' The SPEAKER bid before the House a com-
i mumcaMon from the Secietary of the Treasury,
i tivo^mitiin^ t\vo liundr.jd and fifty copies of the
■ official Army Register for 1^51), for the use of the
e^nutiven, in compliance with its,
•V-bruary 1, lS^O, «nd August 30,
House of Ri'i
i''R"]utions
to-12.
fI"he communication was laid on the table, and
oideied to be printed.
jNAHONAI* armories.
The SPEAKER also 1 aid before the House
communu'.iii.'ii from the same, transmitting a*
statement of tne oxoense of the national armo-
ries, l'(u the y<. iu Iboo: \v Iik.1i w«ts laid on the td-
L'e, and oideied to be printed.
coast survey" report.
The SPEAKER, also laid before the House a
letter from the Secreiaiy of the Treasury, trans-
mitting the report of th<* superintendent of the
Comst Survev, sliowmz flic progress of the wojk
the year ending 3Uth
which was
punt', d
jf ATovember, 2858;
aid nil tile table, and ordered to be
Mr. IUTCEJIE. I move thatathousand extra
copies of the report of the superintendent oi the
Coast Survey be printed.
The motion was, under the rules, referred to
; the Committee on Printing.
PREEMPTION LAWS.
| Mr. TAYLOR, of Lomsiana, by unanimous
consent, liiheduced a bill to protect the rights of
poisons entiiled to o pr(cmptiuu rnrht under the
laws of the United Sro^ in eoriain cases; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
, the Committee on Public Lands.
