276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
ROCK ISLAND RESERVATION.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Interior be diiected
to comtnumcatc to this House the present situation of the
military reservation of Rock Island, in the Mississippi river;
whether the s>ame has been tiansfcued by the War Depart
meat to the Intenor Department, and, if so, whether and
when the same has been tiespassed upon by persons claim-
ing preemption rights, and whether any decision has been
made by thesaidDepai tment of the Interior in favor of such
preemption to purchase the said lebeivauon at the minimum
price of $1 25 per acre.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
House do now adjourn; and ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, called for tellers
upon the yeas^nd nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Hickman wefe appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-eight in the affirmative—more than one
fifth of the members present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 82, nays 89; as follows :
YEAS—Mpssis. Adiain, Ahl, Anderson, Barksdale,
Bishop, Bonhani, Bowie. Burnett, Burns, Caiuthers, Cas-
kie, Cavanaugh, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay, Coekerill,
Corning, Co\, Burton Ciaige, Ciawfoid, Cuiry, Davis of
Mississippi, Dewart. Dowdell, Edmundson, Einli5?, Flor-
ence, Foley, Gaitrell, Gieeiiwood.Gso{.'g,Gioesbeck, Law-
rence W. Hail. Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill. Hopkins,
houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenknw, Jowotf, George VV.
Jones, Kiljioie, Jacob M. Kunkd, Lamar, Inanely, Leidy,
Maclav, MeCiuoen, McKae. Ma.vnard, Miles. Miller, Mont-
gomery, Mooie, Niblnck, Nichols, Peyton, Heady, Keilly,
Rieaiul, Rutiin, Saiidtdtje, Scott, Henry M. Sliaw, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, WMham Smith, Stalivvorth, Stephens,
James A. tftewair, Trinpc, Underwood, YVarkinss, White,
Whirok'V, U'oodton, \Voitcnd)ke, Augustus 1*. Wright,
ami John V. \Vu ht—8*2.
NAVs> —IVIet'sis. Andrews, Bingham, Blair, Boc«ck,
Utaneh, Bt.iMon, Bullmton, Burhimame, Cswj, Cliritl'-'f,
Ezra (Jhitk, lioiace F. Chuk. UUw>o , Cobb, John Coch-
rane, CoUax. Connns. Covode, James Oiatij, Ciihi-j, Davis
ot Indiana, Davis of Ma^-achiHett-;, Dawes Dean. i)odd,
Duifec, Edte, Fenlon, IA>*-ter, Gainott, Cidditiprs Gilmer,
Goodc, Goodwin, Grancei, Giow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Harris, Hoaul, florton, Howard, Owen Jones, Koliojig, lvol
sey, Itiutpp. Leach, Lend, Lovt'ioy, Samuel rt. I\I<u>hail,
Matteson. MilL-on, Moi«an, Moiull, l«-a;te N. Moms, Fiee
man II. Morse, Moit, Muuay, Olm, 1'almer, Parker, Pen
dleton, Pettit, John fc>. Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phillips,
Pike, Potter, Pottle, IteaiMii, Undue, Robbms, Ttubeit.-;,
Itoyee, Savage. Scales John Sheiman, spinner, Stanton,
fhajer, Thompson, TompkiiK, Vanee. Wade, Waldion,
Walton. Cadwaladei C Washburn, Elhliu B. Wubhbuinc,
and Israel Wa-hbum—B(J. ' j!
So the Hause refused to adjourn. !!
TOPOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION. I.
Mr. 0L1N, by unanimous consent, submitted i
the following icsolution; winch was read, con- :
sidered and !,greed to. :>
Resolved, That the Seeretaiy of War furnish to this ,
IToii.sc a copy of the mthmiy topo<na;>hi<-al memoir report, 1
-and maps of the mihtaiy depart men i of the Pacinc, bv Cap- ;
tain T. J. Cram, of the eoips of topo-'iaphieal en^mee^. | >
EXPENSES FOR BARRACKS, ETC- l|
Mr. FAULKNER, by unanimous conscnt, 1
submitted the following resolution: which was
read, considered, and agreed to: :
Rejoiced, That the Sceietaiy of War bo lequesied to ;
transmit to this HoUfC a statement ot me money aunnnlly ;|
expended dining the hm t( n y< ar- lot b.mack? and nfise«Ms{ 1:
quarteis ; dihunyui^hintr, under the several heads ot rer.4^,
con tiuctioa, and repatu-, the amount ?>o tApended at each i
po>r, wiih die tiinu> now appiopmiU'd but unexpended, !or ;
bucli object-!, exhib.tms* the po-.ts elected and now oecti-
pied by oni noops, and the number at (inch po-t, and bitch |
as have been abandoned as no lonaei ncdlul f<ji militaiy i
purposes, statmjr how fai,* n ins opinion, the system <m
ejecting permatuint banackson om trouticr po^it,. u hote ,
value niti-t be temporaiy, <honld bo di>peiis-ed wnli, ami a :
moie ei-onomn al >\ .-tern mtiod''«'•('(• jtojrjliei w ith m.\ other
smrae-'tifuiv whu-h maj oeeui to inm. oaloul u-ui. without t
!iiju:y to tne pubhc >eiviee, to teduce the eAueniiiiutv^ in j
tiie quaileuna-trr'ta de]jailiiH;i;t. '
Mr. CEIAFFEE. I move that tho rules be sus- !
pended, and tiiat the House resolve itself info a :
Committee of the Whole House on the Puvate ,
Calendar. 1
ADJOURNMENT. !
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
House do now adjourn; and call lor t'jlieis on die
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edie and
Shortf/r weie appointed. j
Mr. MORGAN. I want to show that the fru nus .
of the Administration are &quandct tnp: the time of |
the House. I call for tho yeas and nays. ;
The yeas and nays were ordered. i
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw the motion to adjourn, and
that the gentleman from Massachusetts will allow
us to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I am willing to withdraw
my motion to go into Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar for that purpose.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi. I do not with-
draw my motion to adjourn. .
Mr. LEITEEt. I should like to know whether
gentlemen on the other side of the House have
determined that there shall be nothing done^to-
day? if they have, I think we might as well ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PIOUSTON. I desire to say that the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] requested me,
if the yeas and nays were called, to announce that
he was confined to his room by indisposition.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 76; as follows;
YEAS —Messrs. Adrian, Ahl, Anderson, Barksdale*,
Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Burnett, Burn*, Caskie, Cava-
naugh, Chapman, Joim B. Clark, Clay, Cockenil,Corning,
James Craig, BuitonCraige,Crawlotd, Curry, Curtis, Davis
of Indiana, Davis ol Mississippi, Davis of Iowa, Dewart,
Dowdell, Edmundson, Eu^tis, Floience, Foley, Garttell,
Gieenvvood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch,
Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Hopkins, Houston,Hughes, Jack-
son, Jenkins. Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Lamar, Dandy,
Lawience, Luidy, Mcl'ae, Mason,Maynard, Miles, Miller,
Montgomery, Mooie, Niblack. Nichols, Pendicton, Peyton,
Ready, Iteilly, Rieaud, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott,
Homy M. Shaw, Shorter, William Smith. Stathvoith, Steph-
ens, James A. Stewart, George Tayloi,Tnppe, LJndei wood,
Watkins. White, Whitelcy, Woodson, Woitendyke, and
John V. VViit'ht—S3.
NAYS — Messrs. Andiews, Bingham, Blair, Brnneh,
Brayton,BuiBnton. Burhngamc, Chalfee, Fzia Clatk, Hor-
ace F. Clark, dawson, John Cochrane, Colfax, Comms,
Covode, Cox, Dawes, De.an, Dodd, Duiloc, Edie, Fcnton,
Fo-t^r. Garnett. Giddings Gilniei, Goode, Goodwin, (Jran-
f er, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hams, Hoaid, Ilorton, How-
aid, lluyler. Uwen Jones, Kelsey, Knapp, Leach, Letter,
' Love.joy, Mattcson, Million, Morgan, Isaac N. Monw,
i Fieeinan H. Morse, Mutrav, Olm, Palmer, Paikcr, Pettit,
i John S. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Pniviance,
Reagan, Ritchie, Rolibmx, Rol>eits, Royco, John Sherman,
, Hpmner, Stanton, Thnyer, Thompson, Tompkins Vance,
[ Wade, Waldion, Wahon, Cadwaiador C. AVaslibuin, El-
: hhu B. Washburne, and Israel Washburn—*/t).
8o the motion was agreed to.
Pending the call,
Mr. DAWES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Gooch, was detained at homctm account of se-
vere indisposition in his family.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that his col-
league, Mr. Russell, was detained from the
HouSb by sickness.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, stated that
lu\d he been in his seat when his name was callcd
he should have voted in th^ affirmative.
Tho Hou?e accordingly* (at two o'clock and
twenty-live minutes, p. m.,) adjourned to Mon-
day.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 30, JS5S.
Prayer by Rev. W. D. 11 ally.
The Journal of Fuday last was road and ap-
proved.
Plon. S. A. Douglas, of Illinois, appeared to-
day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before thn Sen-
ate a letter of the Seeutary of War, accompa-
nied by copies of the Army Register for the year
1859; winch was read.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating a re-
port of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey,
showing, the progress of that work during the
year ending November 1, 1858, with a map pre-
pared m obedience to an act of Congress approved
March 3, 1853; which was read; and a motion by
Mr. Pearce to print the report, and the follow-
ing resolution, weiu releited to the Committee on
Printing:
t-> th
Iicso'vcl. That, in add
oft'i'1 n'p<">>i Ai t!>,' Sitpe
the \.':u Jt.'s. t!ie-i- lie j
cOjjii'-. : oi v.hici) tv.(he
Senete, o *d I've thon,-a!;
let id co' ot tiic Co*! f Siov
bound with the charts an
ifaal nu;\ib"t ofcop-cs
1'iiend°nt e" t u- Coa^r ^ntvex foi
'.111o• I sjv thca-anvl two hundtcd
iin.d.f d -Jia'i he !f.i vu> u-e ot the
1 lor di-ttUKUKin In the .\-upcnin-
>! tin1 -.'me b^ [simfd and
tclu'^ ri «,u ittt> foini, and
tl'at the prinan? of :-atd cha> is ;-:id -k( telu's s-t«aj i be done
to the featissfaetion oi tiiu Supcnntcauo.it ot the Coast Sur-
vey.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Seqfetary of War, communicating:, in obedience
to law, a statement of the expenses of the national
armories, and the arms and appendages made
thereat, during the year ending the 30th of June,
1858; which was ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of Ro-
land Gels ten, for himself and the co-heirs of Da-
vid Gelsten, praying indemnity for French spo-
liations prior to 1800; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying that tho public lands, may be
laid out in farms or lots for the free and exclu-
sive use of actual settlers; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Ann
Scott, widow of William B. Scott, deceased, pray-
ing tci be allowed a commission upon the disburse-
ments of her husband as pension agent; which '
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the memorial
of Carlos Butterfiekl, praying the aid of the Uni-
ted States in establishing a line of steamers be-
tween the principal Mexican and American ports
on the Gulf of Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented the
petition of Micajah Owen, a soldier of the war of
1812, praying to'be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. B1GLER presented the memorial of Russell
Comstoek, on the subject of letter transportation;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that the bill passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, granting pensions to the soldiers "of
the war of 1812, may become a law; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JONES presented the petition of Samuel
Crapin, ptaying that his pension may commence
from the date of his disability; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Ezra Clark,
praying that h-is pension may commence from the
date ofhis discharge: which was referred to the
Committee, on Pensions.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of George
Robbins, a soldier m the war with Mexico, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension, oil account of disease
contracted in the service.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of citizens ill
the Root river land district, m Minnesota, pray-
ing tiie establishment of a new land district, and
stating the proposed boundaiies thereof; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES presented the memorial of E. Y. v
Swift and others, engaged in the Black Hawk war,
praying an amendment of the bounty land laws;
which was reterre.d to the Committee on Public-
Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK, it as
Ordcied, That tb" memo'm! oi' Tunm-us WatH, together
with tiie advene lepoit ilieieou, be lecuinmiUed to tiie
Cmimnuuc oil rciiMoii^.
I tyESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allhx, its C!ei k, announced that the
House had passed the ioilowing bills and joint
j resolution, in winch the concurrence of the Sen-
| ate was iequestf'd:
i A bill (No. 343) granting a pension to Mary
; Blattenber^er, widow of John Blattenberger;
; A bill (No. 357) for the relief of Abel M. But-
| A bill (No. 358) for the relief of Hannah Lit-
' tel, and for other purposes;
; A bill (No. 441) for the relief of the assignees
: of Hugh Glenn;
J A bill (No. 443) for the relief of William F.
I Wagner;
i A bill (No. 77) for the relief of Enocn B. Tal-
cott;
i A bill (No. 445) for the relief of Samuel A.
; Fairchihls;
! A bill (No. 38G) for the relief of Shade B. Gal-
' loway: and
A joint resolution (No. 21) for the relief of Hall
Neilson.
