27.8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
disposition and inability to proceed upon that
morning. The gentleman is now present, and I
hope this motion will be withdrawn, so as to af-
ford him an opportunity of finishing his remarks
on that subject.
The motion of Mr. Mallory was not agreed to.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN", the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 45)
to provide for the ascertainment and satisfaction
of claims of American citizens for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the 31st day of
July, 1801; the question being on ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read the third time,
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, when, by the cour-
tesy of the Senate at its last sitting, the bill being
then under consideration, it was postponed to a
subsequent day, I had but a few remarks to add
to those which 1 had already submitted, being
then,as I am now, unable to go into the question
at length. The only requital I can make to the
Senate for the courtesy exhibited in postponing
the question on account of my physical condi-
tion, is to abridge as far as possible the remarks
which I shall offer on the present occasion.
I was, at the moment the debate was arrested,
proceeding .to the point that the treaties which
were claimed to be the consideration for which
the United States had surrendered private claims,
heftl expired, were of no binding force upon the
United States,'and, unless revived, could not be
put in force Against the United States. I had al-
ready stated that those treaties had been broken
by the actof France. In 1793, France being then
engaged at wnt with Great Britain particularly,
and the continental Powcis generally, violated her
treaty of amtty and commerce with the United
States, by seizing our vessels on the high sens,
by detaining them in her own ports, and by con-
fiscating piivate propuity. They were led to this,
not by any act of the United States, but by the
fact that the treaty which bound France to allow
American vessels to sail with all tilings not con-
traband of war, even to an enemy's port, operated
injuriously against France, because Great J3i itain,
choosing to proclaim provisions contraband of
war, seized all vessels bound to French ports, and
thus the treaty with the United States, under the
action of Great Britain, operated disadvantage-
ously to France.
Having violated the treaty in its provisions,
and, as was believed by the most eminent men of
our country at that time, having violated the law
of nations, our citizens, who were sufferers by
the aggressions of France, sought redress from
the Government of France; and, having exhaust-
ed all the means within their power, applied to
the Government of the United States. The Sec-
retary of State informed them that all claims
which should be well authenticated would receive
the attention of the Government of the (Jnited
States; and that letter of the Secretary of State
h&s since been brought forward to support these
claims, as a proposition on the part of the Secre-
tary of State, that the commerce which was so
advantageous to the United States, should con-
tinue to be prosecuted with full vigor for the ben-
efit of our countiy; but it being,as I esteem iton
the other hand, nothing but a declaration of that
functionary, that citizens of the United States
should receive such protection as our Govern-
ment could give, created no obligation on the
United States. Our Government then intervened
for the protection of its citizens; sought by every
means within its power to obtain an allowance
of the claims; continued to prosecute them, and
to press them so vigorously, as finally to lead to
insult and outrage on the part of France in the
rejection of our Minister, and the refusal to re-
ceive a special commission which was subse-
quently sent to them.
Having failed in all amicable attempts to pro-
cure justice to our citizens who had suffered by
the wrongs of France, the Government was driven
to resort to force. The Congress of the United
States, the war-making power of our Govern-
ment, provided that the Navy should be put on
full commission, provided for its increase, and
authorized the Presidentto cruise with the Navy
""against the armed vessels of France. Not only
did they thus employ the military power of the
Governnrentt© make war on th$ armed vessels of
France* they did more; they called dtft the patri-
otic citizens of the country, and granted commis-
sions to private vessels to captuie French armed
vessels. Thus, I say, the military arm of the Gov-
ernment, and the volunteer citizens of the coun-
try, were brought into war with France—war
upon the sea, ft is true; a partial war; but war by
the authority of Congress, not by Executive act;
asiias been so often alleged.
But it is said, "this was not war; if it had
been war, all the citizens of one country would
have been at hostilities with all the citizens of the
other; and this was not the fact." It is also said,
that if it had been war, it could only have been
terminated by a treaty of peace, I grant it was
not a general war; I grant it was not a declara-
tion of war against France; but it was legislative
authority to make war upon the armed vessels of
France; ana that war was carried on with many
battles, victories, and defeats; prisoners were
taken and held in our country, and cartels were
offered to France for the exchange of prisoners.
Is this a stato of peace? If this be peace, I ask
what would be war? Millions of treasure were
spent; citizens of every character were involved
in conflict; blood was shed; captures wore made;
prizes were sold under authority of special legis-
lation by the United States; and still we are to
be told that we were in a state of peace ! War is
not necessarily both on sea and land; neither is
there any form prescribed in which the Govern-
ment of the United States shall declare war against
a foreign Power. For example: when, by the in-
vasion of our territory on the Rio Grande, it was
deemed necessary to invade the terntory of Mex-
ico, it was done as on act of defense. We did
not then formally declare war.. Congress passed !
a law asserting that war existed by the act of'
Mexico, and provided men and money to prose-
cute the war. In this instance, Congress declared
that the depredations of France must be repelled
by forco; and they gave men and money for the
purpose.
The cases are nearly parallel, the difference
being that one was a war on .sea, and the other
was wholly a war on land, and both resulted from
the circumstances of the cano, Fianr-o did not
choose to invade the United States. She had not
then the power, involved, as she was, in the gen-
eral war with Europe, to do it. The United
States did not wish to invade the territory of
France. The aggression she received was upon
sea, and on the sea she went to repel it. In the
case of Mexico, the aggression was upon the
land; and upon the land she went to repel it.
Mexico had no navy; therefore we had no battle
on sea. In the one case the combats were purely
on the .sea; in the other, they were purely on the
land. In neither case was theie the ordmaryform
of a declaration (if war; but in both cases a le-
gislative act which recognized aggression and
provided for its redress.
But I am to be told, no doubt, as we have been
told often before, that the negotiations of 1800
were conducted on the basis of peace. It is true;
but why were they conducted cm the basis of
peace? The United States, specially regardful of
the claims of her citizens who had suffered depre-
dations, did not choose to hazard them by putting
their negotiations £n the basis of war. If it was
treated as a case of war, the claims had been
swept away. France, on the other hand, anx-
ious to revive the treaties of 1778 and 1788, did
not choose to put negotiations on the basis of
war; for if they admitted war to have existed,
those treaties—their claim to the obligations in-
curred by the United States under those treaties-
were at an end. Thus, the negotiators on both
sides were willing, on the basis of peace, to pro-
ceed to the new negotiations of 1800. They thus
conducted them. Language wasused which would
justify the assumption which has been made, and
may be made again, that peace existed; but after
negotiation was at an end, when diplomacy had
exhausted itself, when all diplomatic subterfuges
were no longer of value, they used a different lan-
guage; and then we were informed by the French
ministers negotiating with our commissioners,
that it was a state of war. and that there was no
claim to indemnity because of the existence of;
war. As this is considered the mam point. in*the ]
case, T refer to the authority. In the journal of j
the proceedings of the commissioners (State Pa- i
pers, Foreign Relations, page 377) may be found, f
in reference tb their diVcu&sibns1, ihe foflowin'g fan-
guagc, after referring to the guarantees, indemni-
ties, &c.:
" The conversation on this subject closed by a declara-
tion of the President of the French commission, that sych
a modification could not be acceded to without new instruc-
tions, that they had no powers to assent to such a stipula-
tion ; but that, if the Government should think proper to
instruct them to make a treaty on-the basis of indemnities
and a modified renewal of the old treaties, he would resign
sooner than sign such a treaty ; adding, that if the question
could be determined by an indifferent nation, he was satis*
fied such a tribunal would say that the present state of
things was war on the side of America, and that no indem-
nities could be claimed. The other two commissioners
made similar declarations."
Our own commissioners, in writing the account
of the negotiation to their own Government, said:
" The American ministers being now convinced that the
door was peifectly closed against all hope of obtaining in-
demnities, with any modification of the treaties, it only re-
mained to bedeteirmned whether, under all ciicumstarices,
it would not be expedient to attempt a temporary arrange-
ment which would extricate the United States from the
war, or that peculiar state of hostility in which they are at
present involved,save the immense piopertyofourcitizens
now depending before the council of prizes, and secure, as
fa; as possible, our commcrce againbt the ahHses of cap-
tures during the present war."
This is the language that was used after all the
terms of diplomacy had ceased to have value—
after they had reached the point of a concluding
issue. The French ministers stood'asserting that
thtfold treaties must be revived, and the American
ministers insisting'that full indemnity should be
granted to our citizens; the one making it the con-
dition of the other; the American ministers being
instructed not to revive the old treaties, the old
treaties having been considered by our Govern-
ment as totally abrogated; they proposed to make
some modification of the old treaties, and thus
secure indemnity. Finding that this could not be
done, and that it was useless further to argue on
the basis of peace, the French negotiators peremp-
torily say, " we will not negotiate on the basis
which is offered, because war has swept away
your claim to indemnity;" and our ministers ad-
nut it by stating that they now determined to get
rid of the injuries they would suffer from the con-
tinuance of war. This was the plain language
which was used after diplomacy had exhausted
all its arts. ^
But, Mr. President, I do not hold that the ques-
tion turns on this point peculiarly, though it has
been so argued, and therefore I have thought
proper so to notice it. This Government had a
right, I say, to abrogate those treaties; they had
a right to consider those treaties as destroyed, be-
cause they had been broken by the opposite party.
A compact broken on one side is broken entirely.
It rcsU then with the £arty who have suffered
from the breach of the other, to permit the com-
pact to continue, or to annul it at its pleasure.
France had broken the tieaties; and there is a
strange anachronism in the argument which is pre-
sented, that the outrages of France resulted in the
wrong and failures of the United States. Those
outrages were committed in 1793, before the tieaty
which is made the great basis of complaint, was
negotiated by Mr. Jay with Great Britain. That
treaty was negotiated in 1794, and amongst the
complaints of France was, that it was not pro-
mulgated when it was negotiated. It was nego-
tiated a year after these outiages were committed;
not promulgated until some time in 1796. This
shows how utterly fallacious it is to put the out-
rages committed by France upon the ground of a
violation of the treaty first by the United States,
by negotiation with Great Bi uain. And there has
been a strange mutation in the relation of parties
too. That party to which I and my friends have
succeeded, the old Democratic party, were not the
advocates of the Jay treaty. They considered
the Jay treaty as a violation of good faith to France.
It was odious in this country,and it was long be-
fore the Administration was brought to its promul-
gation; and but for the outrages commuted by
France, 1 think it is more than doubtful to-day
whether the Jay treaty ever could have been rati-
fied. Alienation occurred from the wrongs which
France had committed 6n our commerce and the
injuries she had inflicted on our citizens, and that
feeling sustained the Jay treaty, and, I believe, led
to its ratification. I say then, sir, that it does not
devolve on me to defend the Jay. treaty; but how
stands it with the other side ? The successors of
the party who advocated the Jay treaty now bring
it forward to put their own Government in the
wfon'gj a'nd tb show'that France Wa*g entirely right.
