THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF QONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHITCTRIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY", FEBRUARY 26, 1859.
New Series....No. i
it will pass the House of Representatives, even
if it should be passed by this body.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will say to the Senator from
Wisconsin that I shall not open my mouth to-
night, and I hope none of the friends of the bill
will, but let us leave all the talking to be done on
the other side. Having come to that determina-
tion, I shall not respond to his question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
certainly does not answer the question which I
addressed to him; and the fact that he does not
answer it does not make my confidence any the
less certain that there is .no hope, even if this bill
passes the Senate, that it can be acted on in the
other House. 1 say, therefore, it is a mere im-
practicable scheme, got up, in my opinion, for the
purpose of forming an issue for the presidential
election of 1860. But, sir, I shall not discuss the
merits of it now; I did not before; and, on this
question of order, I am willing that it shall be
submitted to the Senate. 1 have no doubt the
Chair decided correctly when it decided that I was
not out of order.
Several Senators. Question! question!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Chair
state what the question is?
The VICE PR.ESIDENT. The question is
whether the decision of the Chair shall stand as
the judgment of the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Doohttle, Douses, Fesstniden, Foot. Foster,
Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Jonn>on of Tennessee, King, Ma-
son, Seward, Snields, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ravard,Benjamin. Bi§ler, Brown,
Chesnut, Clay, Chugman, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwm,
Hammond, Hunter, tverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Ken-
nedy, Lane, Maliory, Polk, I'ugh, Roid, Rice, Suba&uan,
Shdeli, Smith, Toombs, Ward, and Wiight—29.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The decision of
the Chair is not sustained by the Senate. The
question is on the motion to postpone the bill
under consideration with a view to take up the
homestead bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall endeavor to con-
fine myself withm the ruling of the Senate-, and
not discuss the merits of the two propositions
that are now pending.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to make a question
of older, and that is, whether the motion of the
Senator is in order? The rule of the Senate is,
that "when aquestion is under debate, no motion
shall be received but tn adjourn, to lie on the
table, to postpone indefinitely, to postpone to a
day certain, to commit, or to amend." It is in
order, when the hour comes for taking up special
orders, to move to take up certain ones and post-
pone others; but when a question is under de-
bate, a motion of this character is not in order.
1 say, then, the motion of the Senator, to be in
order, must be either a motion to postpone this
bill indefinitely or to a day certain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will say,
in answer to that point of order, that so much in-
convenience would follow from requiring a vote
to be taken to postpone a bill until to-morrow, or
to a day certain, that the universal usage has been
to postpone one piece of business, in order to take
up another, and the Chair lias acted on that prac-
tice.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to say to the Chair
that I never knew it to be done when a question
was under debate. I have known it at one o'clock,
when the special orders are called.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is done very
mnny times when a question is under debate. If
the question of order is insisted on, strictly a
motion must be made to postpone until to-nior-
ruw; but the effect of that would be very incon-
venient on the general business, because, on going
through with the particular question, you would
have to reconsider the vote postponing the other
business until to-moirow, if you wanted to take
up the question which had been postponed.
86
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw my point of order,
rather than have any more time consumed on
questions of order.
Mr. FOSTER. The language of the rule, as
read by the Senator from Ohio, allows a motion
to postpone indefinitely. That is this very motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decides
the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin to be
in order, for the convenience of business, and
according to the usage of the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to present a point of
order.
te VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
his point of order.
Mr. BIGLER, The Senatorfrom Wisconsin,
I think, has spoken already three times on this
question, and he is out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The remarks of
the Senatorfrom Wisconsin were interrupted by
an appeal; and the recollection of the Chair is,
that this is the second time the Senator from Wis-
consin has had the floor properly.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator cannot hold the
floor through a vote, and after distinct action of
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator had
the floor when there was an appeal. That has
just been decided; and he is now entitled to the
floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I shall
not complain of any discourtesy on the part of
the majority in overruling what has been the
standing practice of the Senate, and especially
after certain gentlemen of the majority have been
indulged m remarks, some of them for half an
hour, or three quarters of an hour in length, not
only discussing the merits of both these bills, but
impugning the motives of the persons who stand
here to acjvocate the motion which I now make.
Still, I shall confine myself altogether within the
rule which is adopted by the Senate, simply re-
minding the gentlemen who happen to-day to be
with the temporary majority, that the time is
coming when the same rule that they prescribe
now, may be prescribed to them, under circum-
stances when it may be not easy for them to
bear it.
Mr. President, upon this question, as to#the
postponement of the bill under consideration, to
take up the homestead bill, which 1 regard, as I
have already stated, as a practical measure of
legislation pending before the present Congress,
of great importance to the country, I have asked
for the yeas and nays; and the yeas and nays
have been oidered. I have nothing further to
say.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, as we have
got back to first principles, I suppose it is in order
for me to answer what has been said upon this
motion. The Senator from Georgia asserted, a
short time since, that he detested a demagogue,
arid those who were driven by demagogues. Now,
sir, his detestation  *
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. It
is, that the Senator is going beyond the limit pre-
scribed by the decision of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am merely about to an-
swer 
Mr. IVERSON. You have no right to answer
when you travel out of the proper limit prescribed
by the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator from Mich-
igan will be allowed to goon, by unanimous con-
sent. ["Oh no!" "Go on!"l ^
The VICE PRESIDENT. The point of order
being made, the Chair decides that the Senator
from Michigan is not in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair; and on that I askjjor the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
" Shall the decision of tiie Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate'"
Mr. PUGH. I move to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that I call for the'yeas
and nays. ~ ^
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. If we lay the appeal on the
table,' cannot a majority of the Senate afc.any time
take it up ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks,
so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE* Is the effecttof this mo-
tion to lay the question on the table also"?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must'
decline to answer any question, except that in re-
lation to a matter directly before him.
JThe question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown,,
Chesnut, Clay, Clmgman, Douglas, Fitch, Fitzpatrick,
Greeii, Gwin, Hammond, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Ar-
kansas, Kennedy, Lane, Maliory, Mason, Folk, Pugh,Reid,
Rice, Sebastian, Slideli, SmiUi, Toombs, Ward, and?
Wright—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Broderickj Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Dooliuie, Fessenden, Foot, Hale, Hamlin, Har-
lan,, Johnson of Tennessee, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—17.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appeal is laid,
on the table.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask whether the question wai
not taken upon sustaining the decision of the<
Chair, and not upon laying the appeal upon the
table? I so understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moved that the appeal do lie on the table; and
upon that motion the vote has just been taken.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to know my
status after that vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan can proceed in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I had very little to say.
I desired to answer a remark by the Senator from
Georgia; butas it is ruled that I cannot do so 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Mich-
igan will give way, I will move that he be allowed
to reply to the remarks of the Senator from Geor-
gia made on this same motion.
Mr. PUGH. Is that in order?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope, by unanimous
consent, the Senator from Michigan will be al-
lowed to reply.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois asks unanimous consent to allow the Sen-
ator from Michigan to respond to the Senator
from Georgia. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. GREEN, and others. I object.
Mr. FITCH. I object decidedly. The re-
marks of the Senator from Georgia were made-
before the ruling of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from-
Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. If I am ruled out of order
in all I have to say, I have 110 desire to retain the
floor. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK. The question now, I believe,,
is upon taking up the homestead bill, and post-
poning the Cuba bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir; the ques-
tion is on postponing the Cuba bill to take up the
homestead bill.
Mr. CLARK. I understand it to be decided
that you are not to debate the merits of the bill;
but I do not know that I am to understand, that
although you may not debate the merits",you may
debate the demerits.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that he considers the action of the Senate as
substantially an instruction to him to stop debate
upon any motion in regard to the order of busi-
ness. Any suggestion having strict reference to
the mere order of business, the Chair will hear;
but as instructed by the Senate, whenever the
question is made, he will cut off debate of any
character.
Mr. CLARK. I want, then, to go on, as I sup-
pose I may, and state the reasons which induce
me to vote to take up the homestead bill, and to
delay the Cuba bill. 1 suppose it is in order for
any Senator to state to the Senate thereasons which
