1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
Our Government* proceeding: upon the basis
which I have stated, m the preamble to the act
which declared the abrogation of the treaty, spoke
of it as broken by France, and then proceeded to
declare it abrogated. Now it is ureed that one
party t© a contract cannot abrogate it without the
consent of the other. How, then, is a treaty ever
to be terminated ? We have hud before us at this
session, and probably shall have soon again, the
Question of abrogating the Clayton-Buhver treaty,
as it is termed. If the construction which Great
Britain places upon that treaty is found highly
beneficial to her and injurious to us; if we, as 1
think we may justly, claim that she has violated
the spirit of that treaty, and if*shc continue to
violate it to our injury, are we to wait until we
get her consent betore we declare it abrogated ?
Is there no right on the part of the United States,
when a treaty has been violated m its letter and
in its spirit, to declare that it is at an end, and to
take the consfcqucnces? It seems to me thatany
other theory binds our Government perpetually
to a contract which, being violated or disregarded,
may be injurious to all its interests, and which
may be degrading to its honor. Contracts fairly
made and faithfully adhered to, should bind Gov-
ernments as they bind individuals. Contracts
disregarded on one side may,Jl say, be repealed
on the other, or abrogated at us pleasuie. Hence
arose the right of the United States to abrogate
those treaties; and when our commissioners met
in 1800, they met with a perfect understanding,
as their instructions show, that those tieaties
were extinct, and that they had no Authority to
revive them. Therefore, every proposition made
by France to recognize all claims for indemnity on
the basis of those treaties was necessarily rejected;
and when, at last, the convention of 1800, by its
second article, provided at some convenient time
for considering the question of indemnities and
the question of those treaties also? it came to the
Senate of the United States and it was stricken
out, and mainly because those commissioners had
no instructions, had no authority to treat upon
the basis of the revival of those treaties, and they
were so odious in the United States that the Senate
would not entertain the proposition. In striking
out the second article, they substituted for a con-
venient time a specific period, a term of eight years.
Now, I ask, how can it be fairly, intelligently
urged that by striking out the second article we
abandoned any claim of an American citizen >
Did the second article provide for the payment of
any? None. It only provided foi the consid-
eration of the question of the indemnities and the i
abrogated treaties at a convenient time. What 1
indemnitee would have been paid is merely hy- j
pothetical. Whether they refi^T'-d purely to pti- :
vate claims, or whether they embt aced also na- ;
tional claims, is more than doubtful; hut we find .
in Mr. Madison's instructions that lie refers to !■
the national claims as a thing which might be ij
waived; private claims as a thing which could j:
not be. i!
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator |i
be good enough to pause a moment ? The Chair [
must call up ih<j special order at tins hour. ji
Mr. STUART. I think that we shall find it 'j
to our advantage to dispose of some of those sub-
jpcts and not have them mingling with each other; ;
and I therefore move to postpone the special ;
order that the Senator may continue his remarks; /
and that we may get rid of this subject. j|
The motion was agreed to. !i
Mr. DAVIS, In the convention of 1800, it will jj
also be rcmaiked that other articles provided for !'.
claims of the United States. It is further to be >1
remembeicd that so ho- from considering the era- ji
suie ot the second aiticle as the abandonment of
claims not prov>d«d fir m that convention. in the ^
■very next year th * President of the United States
m bis message lo Con ^res.-j speaks of the oppor- :i
tunity which is presented by the return of peace jj
in Europe as one which " strengthens the hope j]
that wrongs committed on unoitendina: friends !!
under a ptessure of circumstances, wdl now be >1
reviewed with candor, and will be considered as i>
founding just claims of retribution for the pa&t,
and new assurances for the future;" thus open- ;
jng the very case which, in the argument that has
so often been-offered for these claims, has been
said to be closed by the erasure of the second
art icle.
Thus sve find them constantly prosecuted by
f our ministers abroad, and our Secretary of State at
home, until, in 1803, a new convention was made,
i and in that convention tlTose claims arose, and
; were further provided for.
! Now, sir, I ask, even if it were granted that a
I release had been made, what is the value of that
| release? Suppose our Government had aban-
doned the prosecution of the claims, had given
our acquittal: what would have been the loss to
the claimants? Was anything paid of those claims
I which were allowed by the convention of 1800?
i Not a doliar. They remained as they were left
!-by that convention, until the new convention or
| treaty of 1803, when the United States agreed to
| pay for Louisiana a certain sum of money, retain-
; ing a portion of that sum of money to liquidate
| the claims of citizens of the United States; and it
! appears as a fact not known to our commissioners, j
i but now known to us, that we paid France moie j
! than the whole sum which was reserved, over
! and above the prico which her ministers were in- |
; structed to ask for the teiritory. \
^ Then, again, m the convention of 1803, (as;
Ij proofs that neither party considered that we had '
ji abandoned the claims of private citizens,) the prc-
i! amble announces the desire, m compliance with the
j' articles two and five of the convention of 1800, to
II provide for the claims of American citizens. If
ii the retrenchment of article two was a sunenuor
j onthe part of the United States of all claims to
i which it referred, how did the commissioners say,
! m 1803, that their desire was to provide for the
; claims embraced in article two? Yet such is the :
i language of the preamble, and then m ai tides thiee
; and five of the convention of 1803, provision is ■
i made to secure the sums due to citizens, including ,
• cases not mentioned in the convention of IbOSJ.. j
j This Mr, Madison noticed particularly, lest the
! variation of language should be considered as pre-
termitting any of the claims; and his instructions j
were to press the claims of citizens, giving prior-
ity to those of greatest meut, but that nothing
should be considered as a waiver of the rightful !
claims of citizens of the United States, or be re- ,
garded as an assumption by the United States of'
any of those claims over and above the sum which | >
had been reserved in the convention for the pur- j|
chase of Louisiana. ji
I We find it thus continued to 1800, and from ij
i 1800 to 1803, and, after 1803, in ltfU4 the question j;
| revived again and discussed; and so on from time h
j to time, and never yet has advantage been taken i'
• and maniiained of any piopositions that the
United States had abandoned the claims of its j;
■ citizens. There was one class of claims which ,!
' France never would recognize—that clnss of claims ■ i
j which wen; set up for property belonging to for-
j cigners and earned upon American vessels, or j
! belongmgto Amcncansand carried m foreign bot- j!
i toms. That is the class of claims which remained ''
■ never admitted by France, but always contended
i tor by the United States. These were claims ad- \'t
: mitted as growing out of our treaties, but denied ij
| as not being w ithin the law of nations, and there - :;
i fore dependent upon the revival or continued ex-
istence of the treaties. , i;
j Then the question is, what did we surrender? ;
j I ask, was there ever anything surrendered by
the United States which it was possible to obtain ;
from France? Did she, in either of her conven- ■
nons, admit that a single claim of citizens of the
Uinied Suites, which sho had ever heretofore de- ,
j fended, was considered henceforth to be of no
i obligation on the part of France ? But moie than ,,
this: not only did we thus prov-de, and become
paymasters ourselves of cla.ms of American ctt- :
. lzens, bur it was fiu titer provided thatany claim ,
! not annulled by the United >Stjt"S. should still be i
; admissible beftne the courts of France, ind-e1 to be '
, paid by her, though dioallowed by the United j
. States. I think, in die whole hisiuty of our ne- .
i gotidtions, there has never neen a case where pri- ,
j vate claims have been so successfully and sooner- i!
j getically prosecuted as those very claims which !
i arose from the spoliations of France. i
I Then, Mr. President, one step further. What ;
i was the value of those claims as against Franco ? ij
I know they have been magnified of late, or at- ,j
attempted to be magnified by showing what was .1
the value of the treaties. Denying wholly that ;
i we were released from the treaties by any surren-
1 der of private claims'. I refer to the failures of ,j
I Americans to get anything from. Franco; the fail-
; ures of France to pay anything, even of the claims 1
| admitted under the convention of 1800; and come
s down to the point where the sum was estimated
by the men who were then upon the ground, and
most cognizant of the facts. You find that France
asserted as well her unwillingness as her inability
to pay any indemnities whatever. You find that
Mr. bkipwith, who had explored the subject pro-
foundly, estimated that the 20,000,000 livres re-
served from the sum to be paid in the purchase of
Louisiana from France, would be fully equal to
all the fair claims of creditors who were citizens of
the United States. It may have proved otherwise;
but this was the estimate of Mr. Skipwith, whose
opinion was considered so valuable that Mr. Liv-
ingston, in his correspondence with Mr. Madison,
communicated it to hfm. If there is any desire
thatl should read these things, I will do it; other-
wise I will pass on. Wo find also, that Mr. Liv-
ingston noticed the fact that the creditors of other
nations then prosecuting their claims before
France had received nothing, and were not Jikely
to receive anythmg;and the citizens of the United
States would have been in the same condition,x
but for the intervention of their Government.
If, then, the claims were not abandoned; if no
i release from the treaties was purchased; if the
Government of the United States has faithfully
observed all its duty to its citizens; if it has de-
rived no benefit where those citizens have failed
to get what was due to them; I askonwhat rests
the foundation for that pretension, which is now
set up, that we arc justly bound to remunerate
them as citizens whose private properly has been
taken for public use ? I will admit that we could
at any time have obtained a full recognition of
these claims; could have obtained the obligation
of France, and indemnified our citizens for ail
their losses, if we had been willing to pay the
piice of renewing the treaties of 1778 and 1788;
treaties which had been abrogated, swept from
the statute-book, buried in the long career of hos-
tilities which had ensued, and which constituted,
in 3SOO, or any period subsequent, no obligation
on the part of the United States.
Flurrying through the case, Mr. President, as
I am compelled to do, I would ask, why is a dis-
crimination made in the present bill? Why do
we provide for one class of cases not included in
an y previous treaty, and cxcludc all cases included
in those treaties, and for which payment has not
been made ? Mr. Madison's instructions were to
give priority to the best class of claims. Why
now dp you selcct a class of cases to which pri-
ority was not civen, and make thorn the favorites
in tins bill' My \iew would be otherwi.se. If I
were disposed to appropriate money to the pay-
ment of the claims at all, I would throw the door
wide open to all claimants coming under the head
of those despoiled by France; all who suffered
and have not been indemnified should bo permuted
equally to come forward with their proofs, and if
they belonged to ihc better class of Cases, the
claimants who suffered by force on sea, or by
confiscation of their'property entering a port of
France, with good papers, they, above all othecs,
I say, should first be paid; and those who traded
with and became partneis of British subjects, and
thus involved themselves in the refusal of France
to pay them at all, would be the last class of cases
to which I would make indemnification.
We are told also, Mr. President, of the evidence
which ix presented in the action of Congress by its
commit'ec-s. Appended to the report of the present
committee, I find a report made a number of years
ago, in which the reports of the various commit-
tees which had sat on the subject up to that time
are grouped to show how many were favorable
and how few were adverse. In looking over this
list, however, it is found that a large number of
these are reports from selectcommntees. A report
from a select committee is the report of the ineni-
her who moves the committee, and generally fa-
vorable— almost uniformly favorable. _ Flow is
it in the present ease? A select committee was
laised to examine into the claims of American
citizens for losses suffered by French spolia-
tions. The chairman of that select committee,
being the mover of the committee, make5? the re-
port. The minority of the committee, a respect-
able minority—the Senator from Virginia, who
has heretofore reported on tins subject, {Mr.
Hunter] was one of them—agreed that the report
should be made in its present form, not expressing
an opinion cn the pint of tire committee, out pre-
