1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
induce him to do so and so, because, perhaps,
those suggestions may influence other Senators,
or it may; be that they give a reason for his own
vote, which, I think, under the practice of t'he
Senate, he has a right to do. If that were out of
order, I would not go on; but if that will be in
order, (and I shall take it to be in order, unless I
am called to order by the Chair or some Senator,)
I shall proceed to state the reasons which induce
me to vote to take up the homestead bill and to
delay the Cuba bill. ^
I had proposed, Mr. President, at some time, to
submit some remarks to the Senate upon the
Cuba bill. I had desired to do so at an early time
in the progress of the discussion. I desired to do so
at the time the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Polk]
addressed the Senate. I desired to do so at the
time the Senator from Florida [Mr. Mallory]
obtained the floor. I did not do so then, because
these other gentlemen were very anxious to speak,
and I yielded to them. I was also desirous of ob*
taining the floor to-day, when the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] spoke; but he had pre-
pared himself and was anxious to address the
Senate; and, of course, both of us could not speak
at the same time, and I yielded then. After he
got through, the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Bell,] whose term soon expires, was
anxious to address the Senate; and, of course, I
yielded to him. Then, when he got through,
other Senators desired to address* the Senate,
until it got to be a quarter before nine o'clock in
the evening, when this debate was to be con-
tinued. The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] then took the floor, and said he desired,
at some time, to submit some remarks, but was
not prepared to do so at that hour, and that he
"would give way to any other Senator who desired
to address the Senate. 1 suppose he had some
reference to me; but I did not feel that I ought to
go on at that time. Night before Inst, I was here
until twelve o'clock; and last night I was here
until very near eleven o'clock. 1 was patiently
in my scat from eleven o'clock this morning until
nine o'clock in the evening, listening to other
Senators, and, bearing in mind the experience 1
had had of anight session last year, I had no
great desire to engage in another. I began, on
one occasion last year, very early m the day, and
was detained until late in the night, and I did not
know but that it might be so on tins occasion,
and, therefore, I did not desire to go on to-night; i
but I say now, sir, that 1 desired at some time to-
morrow, at as early an hour as 1 ran obtain the
floor, to address the Senate on the Cuba bill.
Here I hope I shall be permitted to make a re-
ply to a suggestion which fell from the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Biglkii,] that the Sen-
ators on this side of the House wanted to talk
the time away, and that Senators on that side
were desirous to have a vote. 1 say to that Sen-
ator, for one I do not desire to talk the time away,
I say now, that all t desire is fair tune to debate
this matter, i will not be factious; neither will
I talk at great length for the purpose of taking
up the time of the Senate. 1 desire to have am-
ple time todebate the question in such rnanneras 1
may think to be right; and I ask no more time than
has been accorded to any other member of the
Senate. 1 can make no promises; J do not feel
called upon to make promises. I am here as a
Senator, and I will endeavor to conduct myself
as a Senator should. I will debate the matter
properlyas I can, pertinently as I can, and when
I have got through I will sit down. I do not think
I ought to be compelled to go on to-night. If the
Cuba bill is to be continuod'now, we are brought
to this pass: that either it must be discussed at
night by those who want to speak, or we must
come to a vote on it now. I desire time for its
discussion. I make no appeal to the Senators on
the other side; I ask nobody to give me that time.
I simply state that I desire that time, and for that
purpose I shall vote to take up the homestead bill
now, on "which 1 do not desire to speak, and I do
not understand that any othur person desires to
speak, but that we may vote upon it, and then
have the discussion on the Cuba bill at some time
when we are better piepared to go on with it. I
am not asking for any delay; I do not desire any
delay, because I have not thought on the subject
and revolved the subject in my own mind, and
might not for that reason be ready to go on. I
desire the delay, because 1 have been so long in
the Senate for three days occupied in the way I
have been. Having said this much in regard to
myself, I have nothing further to say on the
subject.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll'on the
motion of Mr. Doolittle.
Mr. SMITH, when his name was called, said? 
I have sought, some half a dozen times, an op- *
portunity to assign the reason which would gov-
ern my vote; but, as the Chair did not choose to-
recognize me, I decline to vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a.question of
order. Debate is-not in order while the roll is
being called.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The point of order is well taken.
The result was announced—'yeas 19, nays 29;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderlck, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Doolittle, Fessenden, Toot, Foster, Hale, Ham-
lin, Ilarlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Seward, Sim-
mons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—19.
NAYS — Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler,
Brown, Chesnut, Clay, Chngman, Douglas, Fiteh, Fttz-
patrick,Gieen,Gwm, Hunter, Iverson, Jolmson of Arkan-
sas, Lane, Malloiy, Mason, i'olk, Pugh, Reid,Rice, Sebas-
tian, Shields, Shdoll, Toombs, Ward, and Wright—29,
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MASON, (at fifteen minutes past twelve
o'clock.) I think it is manifest we can progress
no further to-night; and I therefore move that the
Senate adjourn. ["Oh, no!"]
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
—yeas 19, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Colhnner, Doolittle, Fess-endcn, Foot, Foster, llale, Ham-
lin, flail.ui, King, Mason, Seward, Simmon, Trumbull,
W:uU% and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown, Ches-
nut, Clay, Clingman, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gvvm,
IIuntei, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson ofTennes-sec, Ken-
nedy, Lane, Mallory, Polk, Pugh, lteid, Rice. Sebastian,
Slidell, Smith, Toombs, Ward, and Wright—27.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of this bill, and all prior orders, for the
purpose of taking up the bill reorganizing the-col-
lection districts of tne United States, designating
the ports of entry and delivery within the same,
and regulating the appointment and compensa-
tion of officers of the customs. It is not my pur-
pose to enter into any discussion of this bill, as
that has been ruled to be out of order. I want
to be in order myself, and I intend hereafter to
hold all other gentlemen to the rule which has
been fixed to-night, during the present session at
least. I will say,'"however, that the bill which I pro-
pose, to take up has been before us for some time;
it is a subject in which I have taken a great deal
of interest for two years past, and it is a subject
that I want to see acted upon at this session." If
the hill passes at all, 1 think we ought to pass it
at this time. It saves nearly eight hundred thou-
sand dollars a year to the Treasury. It is cer-
tainly of great importance to act upon it fit this
session. For that reason, and believing that we
cannot got a vote on the Cuba bill to-night, bo-
canst' there are some eight or ten gentleman who
are prepared to speak on it, I make this motion.
I think there are eigfit Senators on this side of
the Chamber who intend to speak on the Cuba
question, some for an hour, some for perhaps
two or three houts, uho have prepared them-
selves carefully to meet the issue that has been
tendered, and do not shrink from debating it, but
do not wish to go on to-night, and I suppose do
not intend to go on until twelve o'clock to-mor-
row. I tlunk wo had better take up this other
bill, which is one of great importance, and will
save $800,000 to the Treasury. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon taking it up.
Mr. BROWN. I want something like a test
, vote on the Cuba bill, and if the Senator from
Massachusetts flfill withdraw his motion for a
moment, 1, as a friend of the Cuba bill, will move
to lay it on the table, announcing my purpose to
vote against my own motion, my object being
simply to get something like a test vote. Now,
; Senator upon the other side, if you want to put
; yourselves upon the record, or if you are willing
! to do itj I oiler you a fair chance.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor from Mississippi will allow us to have a test
vote on the other question, which we think more
important. He will have an opportunity to make
his motion afterwards.
Mr. BROWN. Then, I move to lay this mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts on the
table.
Mr. SEWARD. Upon that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I think it is manifest that we
can make no progress in the business of the coun-
try to-night, and I am afraid the American people
will consider this a humiliating scene. I move,
therefore, that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BROWN, Mr. SLIDELL, and others,
called for the yeas and nays, and they were or-
dered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays
30; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Crittenden, Doolittle. Fessenden, Foot, Foster, f
Hale, Hamlin, Ilarlan, King, ifaason, Seward, Simmons,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayaid, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown,
Chesnut, Clay, Chngman, Douglas, Fitch, "Fitzpatriek,
Green, Gwin, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, John-
son of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Malloiy, Polk, Pugh,
Iteid, Rice, Sebastian, Shdell, Smith, Toombs, Ward, and
Wright—30.
So the Senate refused to adjourn, at half past
twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The question recurs on the motion of
the Senator from Mississippi to lay the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts on the table.
Mr. WILSON. Is that motion in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to speak to that ques-
tion of order. The motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts was to postpone this business and
take up other business. A motion to lay that
on the table seems to me exactly the converse of
the first motion. A decision for one is equally
a decision against the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
say to the Senator from New York that the mo-
tion to lie on the table is not debatable.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I appeal fro.n the de-
cision of the Chair. Is that debatable ?
Mr. BROWN. I call for the yeas and nays
on that.
Mr. HALE. But the Senator from New York
had the floor, and how does all this get in ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Mississippi moved to lay the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts on the table. The
Chair decides that the motion is not debatable;
from that decision the Senator from New York
appeals; upon that appeal the yeas and nays are
called for.
Thefyeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not understand
whether the question is on laying the appeal on
the table, or whether the decision of the Chair
shall stand as the judgment of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, whether the decision of the Chair shall stand
as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. IVERSON. I understood it to be a mo-
tion to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator from Georgia
is about to vote upon a motion to lay the appeal
on the table; the Senator from Wisconsin, as in-
structed by the Chair, supposes that it is a vote
to sustain or reverse the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Georgia that the ques-
tion is on sustaining the decision of the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was not an appeal taken
from the decision, and a motion made to lay that
appeal on the table ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not understand a motion to be made to lay the
appeal on the table, but he has put the question
upon sustaining the decision of the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the Chair took no
notice of the other motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will call thi' roll.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Chair be kind enough
to state precisely what the question is?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
termined that a motion to lay on the table is not
debatable. From that decision the Senator from
New York takes an appeal. The question is,
whether that decision of the Chair shall stand as
the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. SLIDELL. A motion was made to lay
the appeal on the table.
