1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
sented as connected with our revolutionary strug-
gle, have so long been before Congress a8 to be
enveloped in the sanctity of age;anditisapparent
that they have the sympathy of a majority of
the body of which I am a member on their side,
i have, against personal considerations ofcomfort
and condition, endeavored to perform—and I know
I have very imperfectly performed—what I*con-
sider a duty to the public, a duty to the tax-pay-
ers, above all a duty to the history of my coun-
try and its fair fame, as it is to descend to future
generations? Much of the opinion which I en-
tertain rests upon examinations made years ago.
I have not attempted even to present a tithe of the
authority on which my opinion imposes. I feel
that the subject has been worn almost threadbare
already; that Senators are weary of it; and I have
endeavored to fulfill the promise I made that, in
requital for their courtesy, I would abridge my
remarks as much as possible.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I will
endeavor,*\vith the greatest possible brevity, to
make rather a statement than an argument in re-
sponse to what has been so ably and so plausibly
uiged by my*fnend from Mississippi. There is
one fact that I think cannot be misundeistood.
The history of the times of which we ate speak-
ing, and not only that, but the documentary lus-
toiy of the country, shows the fact that from 1793
to 3 800 a war such as the world had never seen
before, for its utter disregard of all law, and for
the persistence with which it was pursued, ex-
isted in Europe; and during that period American
commerce was made the prev of every belligerent
in Europe. There were but fpw nations who had
anaval power to employ in this rapacious mode,
but all of them who had the power were employed
in committing acts that would in other ages be
called piratical, upon the commerce of the world.
Our merchants were robbed in every-sea; the
commerce of the United States was on the point,
apparently, of being utterly extinguished and
every source of revenue dried up. These lobbed
merchants; these merchants who from 1793 to
1800 were thus made the subjects of spoliations
by France and by England especially, they be-
ing the greater Powers engaged in this war pos-
sessing any naval force; what has becomc ofthcir
claims? Have they ever been paid? We know
that they were robbed to the amount of millions,
thatourcommerce was in effect swept from the sea
in a very great measure. What have become of
those poor merchants who were entitled to appeal
to their Government fur protection and for redivss
of those wrongs ? Have they ever been paid ? Has
my honorable friend from Mississippi undertaken
to point out the time, manner, or place in which
they ever received one cent of payment and in-
demnity for these outrages?
Mr. DAVIS. I did endeavor to point out that
20,000,000 Iivres, or $3,750,000 were paid to these ,
claimants; and it was estimated at the time that j
that amount would cover all the just claims of .
American citizens. !
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am suipiised that it ;
should have escaped the attention of one so com- j
petent and so able as my friend, that both in the
convention of September 30, 1800, arid in the ;
convention of 1803, for the cession of Louisiana ;
to the United States, a distinction is made be- .
tween debts due from France upon contracts, and !
indemnities due from her for wrongs and spolia- i
tions. They understood it perfectly. Now lat :
me read to the Senate the fifth article of the con- j
vention of 1800, to show this: |
« The debts contracted by one of the two nations with ,
individual* of the other, or by the individuals of one with
the individuals of the other, shall be paid, or the pat meat i
may be prosecuted m the s>ame manner as if there had been ,
no mi^under.standing between the two States." ,
These are debts contracted by one of the two i
nations with individuals of the other, but the dis- ,
tinction is still further manifest by the next sen- j
tence: \
" But this clause shall not extend to indemnities.claimed 1
on aeeuunt of captuies or confiscations."
Here is clearly and broadly drawn a distinction
between debts due by one Government to the cit-
izens of the other Government, and indemnities
due on account of captures or confiscations.
The indemnities due on account of captures and
confiscations had bepn released, by striking out
the second article of the treaty by our Senate.
They were separate subjects of negotiation. The
second article of this identical convention pro-
vided for these indemnities and these claims. The
French Government and our Government were
not able to agree in respect to these spoliations,
captures, and confiscations; for the French in-
sisted, at the same time, that indemnities should
be allowed to them for our failure to observe the
treaties of 1778 and 1788. They made claims,
and set up pretensions, on the score of our neg-
lect to perform thosc^ treaties. Here were mu-
tual claims; France Maiming indemnity for our
non-performance of the treaties of 1778 and 1788;
the United States claiming indemnity for the very
condemnations and captures here spoken of. The
ministers agreed, in this convention, that the
claims for indemnities, about which the Govern-
ments disagreed, should be postponed for further
negotiation at a more convenient time; and they j
went on to provide for everything else about which j
the two nations could agree; and the two nations j
could agiee in rcspcct to debts due from one'Gov-
ernment to thecitizens of the other. The honor and
the justice of every Government were too deeply
involved in that question to admit of a contro-
versy as to it. The debts due by the French Gov-
ernment to citizens of the United States shall be
paid; debts due by the American Government to
citizens of France shall be paid; that is the stipula-
tion here. Those debts shall be paid; but this ar-
ticle shall not extend to spoliations and confisca-
tions; because, by the second article of the same
convention, they had been disposed of in a differ-
ent manner, postponed for further negotiation and
further adjustment of the relative claims of the
two parties. They are postponed, but debts shall
be paid: thus reads-the treaty. So the matter
rested. France did not pay. I do not know
whether there were any such claims on the Gov-
ernment of the United States, but France did not
pay.
We come then to the convention of 1803, by
which Louisiana was acquired. We agreed to
give Fiance 80,000,000 francs for Louisiana. She
agreed that we should retain 20,000,000 of those
francs for the purpose of paying—whom and
what5 For the purpose of paying those identi-
cal debts which she had agreed, by the fifth ar-
ticle of the convention of 1800, should be paid—
expressly so. What in the mean time had been
done? In the mean time, the convention of
1800, which by its second article had temporal ily
disposed of these claims for confiscation, by
providing for further negotiations as to them,
had been extinguished on both sides; and how?
When this convention came to be laid before the
Senate of the United States, they struck out the
second clause of it, which disposed of these mu-
tual pretensions. They would not agree to the
postponement.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think I made myself
understood by my friend from Kentucky. It was
the convention of 1803 to which I referred, as
providing for this payment; and in that he will
find that, instead of ignoring, it does exactly re-
fer to the second article which he is arguing was
destroyed by being erased by the Senate. In its
preamble thatconvcntion refers specifically to that
second article, and so it goes on to refer to the
class of cases to be paid; and in it they include
not merely those recited by the Senator, but
" debts such as are due to citizens of the United
States who have been, and are yet, creditors of
France, for supplies, for embargoes, and prizes
made at sea, in which the appeal has been prop-
erly lodged," &.c.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There were claims for
embargoes which had remained unsettled up to
that time. When they made fbp convention of
1803, as I was stating, they left 20,000,000 of the
80,000,000 francs to be given for Louisiana, in the
hands of this Government on the condition that this
Government should apply those SO,000,000 francs
to the payment of the debts of France as contradis-
tinguished from confiscations and captures. That
was the amount of it, and the money was so ap-
plied. Did those'mcrchants who had suffered con-
fiscations and captures of their vessels and their
goods, come in under the stipulations of the Lou-
isiana convention of 1803, for any indemnity?
,,They were not entitled to come in. It was not
['intended that they should come in. Wehad.be-
■ fore that time, released to Fiance these claims,
i When we struck out the second article, when Bo-
l naparte came to ratify the treaty of 1800, with the
second article stricken out, he said: " I ratify it
upon condition that this retrenchment of the sec-
ond article is considered a renunciation by both
Governments of all the pretensions set up in the
article stricken out." We accepted it. The
treaty was proclaimed by the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, with that ratification of Bona-
parte upon it, then the First Consul of France,
and at the head of the executive Government.
Here, then, in 1801—for the convention of 1800
was nq£ ratified until 180]—was a mutual renun-
ciation of the treaties of 1778 and 1788, of all the
claims derived from them by France on us; of all
our engagements to her for commercial advant-
ages, of our guarantee of her American posses-
sions, and of injuries which she had sustained by
our non-performance of those articles. All these
she renounced upon condition that the United
States should renounce to her these claims for cap-
tures and condemnations of the property and ships
of the people of the United States. Do you suppose,
is it probable, would if not be the most marvelous
thing on earth, that, having three years before
negotiated and given a valuable price, as she
thought, a full equivalent for our relinquishment
to her of these claims, she would, in lo03, stipu-
late that we should'pay these claims over again,
as though they existed against her; that she
should recognize them as claims existing against
her? She did no such thing. These robbed mer-
chants were not entitled to come in under the con-
vention of 1803 for any part of the SO,000,000
francs reserved; and, m point of fact, they did
not. They had no right, according to the lan-
guage of the treaty, to any portion of that money,
and they did not get it. When France, in 1803,
is speaking of claims against her by citizens of
the United States, can you suppose her to include
claims which had been scttlcd?claims which had
been leleusedaud relinquished to her? They were
no longer claims against her. When she speaks
of claims against her, we must understand that
she refers to those which existed, and not to those
which had been leleased and relinquished.
But, in point of fact, they were excluded* from
any participation in that treaty; and I remember
well when Mr. Clayton introduced here the au-
thenticated statement of all the claims which were
allowed under the convention of 1803, and a state-
ment, also, of the merchants who were robbed
between 1793 and 1800; and it was found that, as
a matter of fact, those robbed merchants wore not
found in the list at all of those who had been in-
demnified. I believe that—inadvertently, per-
haps, it may have been, or upon some construc-
tion of it—there were four cases found on both
lists; the one the list of the parties indemnified
under the convention of 1803, and the other the
list of merchants who had been robbed, and who
had filed their cases. There were four—and they
were cases of captures made between the making
of the conventiun of 1800 and the ratification of
it—made after the convention, but before the rati-
fication. They, it was supposed, might be ad-
mitted. They were not the captures and confis-
cations alluded to in the convention, because they
did not then exist; they came into existence after-
wards. Although they arc the subject of special'
provision in the convention of 1803, and ought
not to have been admitted, yet I suppose, upon
some view of this sort, that they had been cap-
tures made subsequent to the making of thecon-
I vention, they were admitted and paid.
; I conceive that I have shown that, of right,
| these claimants had no sort of colorable claim to
j participate m the 20,000,000 francs reserved in
: the convention of 1803. They were reserved for
debts and other claims which our citizens had;
I not the claims which had been provided for in
I the second article of the convention of 1800. We
; had other claims against France besides those for
' captures and confiscations. France admitted it
in 1803. A portion was reserved for future pay-
ment, France saying, " wc will pay these;" but
1 the dispute was about captures made contrary to
! the treaty of 1778, and the law of nations, for
, wrongs done. There was the difficulty. For
j wrongs done, nothing was included in the treaty
, of 1803.
i This is plain. The facts show it; the treaty
' shows it. The list was brought here, and every
1 gentleman was invited to examine it. It was said
I to us, " You have been disputing about a thing
