1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1367
appropriation bill. I ask him to point out the
section or clause in which such censure is con-
tained.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I said, or meant to say, that
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, who assumes to represent the Adminis-
tration, (and that I do not dispute,) voted for a
clause that was put in for the purpose of censur-
ing the Administration.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The amendment
to which the gentleman refers was not placed upon
the bill. It was defeated in the House; but I was
ready to give my vote for it. In that I was not
voting to censure the Administration. Theamend-
ment only proposed to authorize the Postmaster
General not to change the points of departure for
the overland mail from St. Louis and Memphis
to San Francisco; to permit Butterfield & Co.
to take another route to San Francisco. I believe
that if the contractors were authorized to take
another route than the one which they now travel,
the transmission of mail matter between the val-
ley of the Mississippi and San Francisco would
be expedited by from five to seven days. And I
have yet to learn that the exact lines of a-post
route—the exactroute over which the horses have
to travel—has become an Administration meas-
ure. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania thinks
that Administration measures of so petty a char-
acter are made, liedoes injustice to those of whom
he claims to be the friend.
I do not desire to refer to declarations which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania has made on
this floor; but 1 suppose I may refer to the fact
that he is represented as having determined to
vote for no more appropriation bills. I will ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he has
not made such a declaration ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I answer that I have not.
I made up my mind to vote against this bill, and
I intend to carry it out. I may vote against them
all, and have probably so saiu.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Has not the gen-
tleman declared that he will vote for no further
appropriation; except the tariff shall be revised?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I have not. The gentleman
from Missouri misunderstands the members from
Pennsylvania. They believe that it is idle to
.draw on an empty Treasury; but they consult
about each bill as it comes up. So far as any
resolution has gone, it only applies to this bill,
about which the gentleman has somuch anxiety.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then the gentle-
man declares that, in regard to this bill, he has
said he would not vote for it.
Mr. PH1LLIP-S. I do mean to vote against
this bill again; and I am not going to be driven
from my position by all that has been said by
him.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I find no fault
with the vote which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania may give. He has the right to give what-
ever vote he pleases, whether it be in accordance
with the will of his constituents or not. But I
ask the gentleman in what position he desires to
place the mail service of the country? He found
no fault with the amountproposed tobeexpended.
I have the right to draw that inference, because
he offered no amendment to reduce the appropri-
ations. He voted for the most objectionable
amendment that was placed on the bill, and which
had the effect of changing the votes nf gentle-
men on this side of the House; and after having
loaded the bill, he then determined to vote
against it.
Mr. Speaker, I'have desired to reconsider the
vote on the engrossment of this bill, for the pur-
pofft of having a motion submitted to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment of the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Branch] was
adopted. I move the previous question on he
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was ordered to be engrossed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. HICKMAN called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. MONTGOMERY called for tellers on the
yeas and nays. j
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Chaffee*
and McQueen were appointed. [
The House divided; and the tellers reported— |.
ayes 32, noes 122. j
So the yeas and nays were ordered. 1
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain,Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Aveiy, Barksdale, Barr, Bingham, Bliss,Bocock.Bonliam,
Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Case, Cas-
kie, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockenll,
Corning, James Craig, Burton Oraige, Crawford, Curry,
Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Mississippi, Dean, Dowdell, Edmundson, English, Eustis,
Faulkner, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Goode, Green-
wood, Gregg, Groesfreck, Grover, Lawrence W. Hall, Har-
ris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hodges, Hopkins, Horton, Hous-
ton, Howard, Ilughes, Huyler, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Keim, Lamar, Landy, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, McRae,
Mason, Miles, Millson, Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, John S.
Phelps, William W. Phelps, Powell, Ready, Reagan,
Ricaud, Robbins, Roberts, liufiin, Russell, Sandidge, Sav-
age, Scales, Scott, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw,
Shorter, Sickles, Robert Smith, William Smith. Stall worth,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Miles Taylor,Thayer,
Underwood, Vnllandigham, Vance, Waldron. Ward, Wat-
kins, White, Whiteley, Wilson, Wmslow, Woodson, Wor-
tendyke, Augustus R. Wright, and John V. Wright—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Blair, Brayton, Buffinton,
Burlingame, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson,
Colfax, Comm4?, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dick, Dtmmick,Dodd, Durfee,Edie, Fenton, Flor-
ence, Foster, Gillis, Gilman, Gooch, Goodwin; Granger,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Haskin, Hickman, Hoard,
Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C.
Kunkel, Leach,Leidy,Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Sam-
uel S. Marshall, Matteson, Maynard, Montgomery, Oliver
A. Morse, Murray, Olin, Palmer, Paiker, Pettit, Phillips,
Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Reillv. Ritchie, Royce, Judson
W. Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan,
Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Walbndee, Walton, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, EHihuB. Washbumc, Israel Wash-
bum, and Zollicofier—67.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. BARR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr, Branch,] in relation to the
buildings for post offices, &c., was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved the previ-
ous question on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BRANCH. I think the gentleman from
Missouri had better include a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment which he
offered was adopted before the previous question
is sustained.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I withdraw the
demand for the previous question. No objection
was made in the Committee of the Whole to the
amendment which I submitted. It does not make
an unlimited appropriation out of the Treasury
for the Post Office Department, but it confines the
Postmaster General to an expenditure which
shall not exceed the amounts specified in the first
section of the bill, to be made up out of the rev-
enues of the Post Office Department, and the
amount nccessary to supply any deficiency in
those revenues is to be taken out of the Treasury,
and no more. The first section of the bill appro-
priates between sixteen and seventeen million
dollars for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment, which amount is payable m two methods:
from the revenues of the Post Office Department
first, and then as much as the revenues of the
Department may lack of filling the requisitions of
the first section may be drawn from the Treasury
quarterly.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I confess that the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri pre-
sented a very serious difficulty with me. It en-
tirely relieves the Postmaster General from any
necessity of retrenching his expenditures. It as-
sumes that the appropriations must be spent.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Not at all.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir, it assumes
that the appropriations must be spent, and, in
these days of retrenchment, relieves the Postmas-
ter General from any necessity of retrenchment
in his expenditures; because, if lie spends all the
f venues of the Department, he will be able to
11 back upon the Treasury to meet his engage-
ments. I confess that I am decidedly opposed to
the bill on account of that amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Hitherto we have
appropriated a certain amount out of the Treas-
ury to supply the deficiencies in the Post Office
Department, when the Postmaster General has
told you that the revenues of the Department
would be inadequate to defray the expenses of that
branch of the public service. The Postmaster
General hitherto has notified you, at the Lime you
made your appropriations in advance of the fiscal
year, that during the next fiscal year he would
come here and ask for an additional deficiency
appropriation. Now, T am attempting to obviate
that difficulty. We have done it, by saying to
the Postmaster General in this bill, that we appro-
priated so much money for the service of the next
fiscal year, the sum which* he.estimates; that he
shall have that and no more; that he shall have it
front the revenues of the Post Office Department;
and if the revenues of the Department are insufr
ficient to .meet the appropriations made in this
bill-, life may then go to the Treasury for the de-
ficiency, and no more.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Of course, I am
disposed to support this bill, and to'vote for any
estimates made by the Department, or by the
Committee of Ways and Means; but this bill au-
thorizes an expenditure of $12,000,000; and that
amount, according to the gentleman from Mis-
souri, is to come out of the receipts of the Post
Office Department; and any deficiency there may
be in those receipts is to come out of the Treas-
ury of the United States. Now, suppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri is
not in the bill, and the Postmaster General sees
that, if he exceeds the revenues of the Department,
he will have to come to Congress and ask for a
deficiency; is it not clear that he will try to reduce
his expenditures and keep them within thereceipts
of the Department? It is perfectly transparent
and palpable. I do not want the Postmaster Gen-
eral to spend all this money because it is appro-
priated. He ought only to spend as much asaa
economical and retrenching administration of his
Department calls for.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I would ask the
gentleman if he has any mail routes in his district
that ought to be discontinued?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have in my dis-
trict mail routes on which less frequent service
might be put, if a reduction was made general
over the country.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If there is one, I
will ask the Department to stop it.
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia. The gentleman, no
doubt, thinks he is rery clever. But let me put
a question to him. If three trips a day are made
upon a route in his district when two would really
answer the public service, and economy demands
that the unnecessary service should be discon-
tinued, I ask the gentleman i£ he would not vote
to stop it?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have notgotany
Such routes in my district; and if the gentleman
has more service on routes in his district than is
needed, he ought to have it reduced.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Virginia desires to diminish the expendi-
tures of the Post Office Department. In that I
concur with him. But the question is, how shall
we effect this object? This House has said, we
will appropriate for the existing mail service
$ 12,000,000, and that the same shall be payable
out of the receipts of the Post Office Department;
but that, if the revenues of the Department are
inadequate to meet these appropriations, he shall
take a sufficient amount out of the Treasury to
meet these appropriations, and not a dollar more.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to put a question to
my colleague on the Committee of Ways and
Means. If there is any route in the gentleman's
district, or any other part of the country, where
the service can be diminished, should not that
come out of the $12,000,000?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, now, having this
$12,000,000 of service to be performed, and re-
quiring it to be performed, why should we not put
the money within the reach of the Postmaster
General to pay for it? I will vote for no bill that
requires more service than we appropriate money
to pay for. If you wish to secure reform, dimin-
ish the service; but do not require more service
to be performed than you are willing to pay for.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I call for the pre-
vious question on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BRANCH. If the previous question is
seconded, I understand it will bring up the vote
directly upon reconsidering the vote adopting my
amendment. That is not in accordance with my
understanding. I understood the gentleman from
Missouri, this morning, to say, that he proposed
to allow the motion to go over until to-morrow.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I understand it
may go over by general consent. I think, how-
ever, that it had better be acted on now.
Mr. BRANCH. Tlien 1 have been very much
disappointed in the course this matter is to tal^e.
