286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
trict business; and it*is almost necessary that they
should be here, because it frequently happens that
it is only through them we- can learn the wishes
of the people of the District. We find that cer-
tain measures, which they desire, cannot be car-
ried without modification; and to ascertain what
modification would suit them, and what they
would prefer in regard to those matters, it is im-
portant that they should be on hand, so that we
may consult them. *1 hope the amendment which
I have proposed will be adopted. I am not wil-
ling to extend it further. I do not know why we
should'want the heads of bureaus on the floor.
Mr? GWIN. It is well known to the Senator
from Virginia, and to all the members of this
body who have been here any length of time,
that it is almostindispensable to have the heads of
bureaus here when we are considering the appio-
priati^n bills. They are more important for us
to consult then, than the heads of Departments.
We get our information from the heads of bu-
reaus, and not the heads of Departments.' They
are indispensable. If we do not permit them to
come on the floor, we shall have to be running
out of this Hall for the purpose of getting that
information which is indispensable to understand
the business of legislation. I think they are more
important than anybody named in the resolu-
tion, for the convenience of the public service and
the discharge of our duties. I hope the amend-
ment to the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not want to waste the
time of the Senate in discussing this matter; but
I believe this is coming back to the old rule. We
have been m the habit of admitting heads of bu-
reaus, and when we have enlarged our Chamber
and have a great deal more room than we had in
the former Chamber, I do notsee why we should
diminish the number to be admitted. 1 agiee
with the honorable Senator from California that
as far as the transaction of business goes, the
heads of bureaus are more important to us than
the chiefsofthe Departments. If I recoliectaright,
when I had the honor of being at the head of a
bureau myself, 1 was frequently sent for by Sen-
ators, I think it is only returning to the old lule
that was in practice in the old Chamber.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 give notice that when it is
in order, I shall move to strike out the clerks of
committees, unless you include the clerk of every
Senator. The clerks of committees are usually
the clerks of the chairman of the committees, and
1 shall insist that every other Senator shall have
his clerk here, as most of us are compelled to
keep them, temporarily or altogether, to transact
our business. I shall insist that the committee
clerks shall be stricken off, or all our clerks be
admitted. My servant may probably want to
come here.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think Senators are mis-
taken in regard to heads of bureaus being admit-
ted. I ask for the reading of the old rule, for
which this is a substitute. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the old rule.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"48. The following poisons,andnoneothcrs, shall be ad-
mitted on the floor 05 the Senate: Members ot the Hou-o
of lleptesentanvt"-, and then Cluik; the ^ocretaty of rotate ;
the fciucietary of the Tien^ui v; the S«'cirtaiy of the Intenor;
the Secretary oi War; the Secretary of the Navy; the At-
torney General, and the Po^tiiM-tei General; the Ptivate
Secretary of the Piet-trient; chaplain* to Congies-s ; the Su-
penntendent ol the Public Punting; thodepuiv po.stmavter
of the City ot Wellington, and the mat -h.iS oi the United
States joi the l)i?ti;ct of Columbia, Judges ot ihe United
Stni<"s; Cleik of the Supreme Court ; foreign mini^td-* and
their secretaries-; Mim>t«M of the United Slate* to fou-t^n
Government-^ and their seeretatie<, and pciton> who have
beun Mieh mini^tercs 01 ■•'oeictaued; the Supeiuiteudent of
the C'oa.-t Survey; the Mayor of Washington; tne Mayor
of Geoisjf town ; the head* of buicau*.; the seeietaiv and
*nemb"i-; ot ihe Board 01 Ke^enrs o{ the Smithsonian fusil
Jiition; «he distm t attorney ol the United State* tor the
JJistnet of Columbia; oflicei who, by name, have leceived,
or Miail hi'ieafter teeeive. the thanks ot Coupes* for then
gallantry and good co.utuc! in ihe ?ervice of then country,
01 who have received medals by a vole ot Conpie^: the
tioveiuor, lor the time being, oi any State or Teiritoiyof
the Union ; the e\'-Governoi i of the :,eveial Slates ; judge*
of the courts of reeoid 01 ihe «-eveial States ami pur-uns
who have been chancellor*, ot judge-., of the h<gl.e-t eoim-,
01 law ot equity of the seveial stale* ; the ex-otiieeis ol the
Senate; nich gei>ilenjen u-> have been iaads ot Oepait-
ment-. Seen taitPs,Clert<-.. Servant-;;t arm-, or member of
eithei branch of Coupe-.-; per .on-who, for ihe time betiur,
ueJojisr to the te-peenvo fcuite ard Teintonal LegHatutcs,
and per-<ui- beIom>i? «  to such U«i Jatute* of (nt.-iju Gov-
ernments a* aie iii aunty with the United State*.
« No peis-on, e.\cept members and officer* of Hie Senate,
and members of the House of Repie&eutauves, shall be ad-
mitted at either of the side doors of the Senate Chamber,
and ail persons claiming admission on the floor of the Sen-
ate, excepting member, and the Cleik, and Seigeant-at-
arnis? of the House of Repiesentativcs, for ihe time being,
the heads of the several l)epattni<ant«, the Puvate Secietary
of the President, the chaplains to Congress, judges of the
United States and of tJ)e sevcial State*, foieigu ministers
and theii secretaries,, ministers and ex-ministers of the Uni-
ted States, theirsecietaries and ex-secretaues, and the cJerk
ot the Supieine Court; solicitorand cleik of the Court of
Claims ; and officeis, who, by name, shall have received the
thanks of Congress, or medals by a vote of Congress; the
Superintendent'of the Coast Survey, the Mayor of Washing-
ton, head* of bureaus, the secretaries and membei  of the
Board ofRegents of the Smithsonian Institution, the district
attorney of the United States for the Disttiefrof Columbia,
and persons who have been chancellors or judges ot the
highest courts of law or equity of the .--evorrd States, shall,
(each lime before being admitted on the floor,) enter their
names, together with the official position in tight of "which
they claim admission, in a book to be piovidcd and kept at
the main entrance to the Senate Chamber; and no person
except members of the Senate shall be allowed within the
bai of the Senate, or to occupy the seat of any Senator."
Mr. COLLAMER. I perceive that heads of
bureaus are included in the old rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment to the amendment, which is, that
heads of bureaus be admitted to the floor of the
Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted. We have no legislative commu-
catton whatever with heads of bureaus, and we
ought to have a great deal less with many of  ho
Executive Departments of the Government. I see
no need for them here in any way whatever. Tf
it is a compliment, it is pot more important to give
it to them than to a great many 'other plasses oT
people in this country; Lfut certainly, in a business
point of view, it is a great mistake. We do not
get information from them. We must get it from
them, if at all, through their proper Departments.
We ought to have no official communication with
them; all communication with them is irregular
and out of place. I think there is no single rea-
son, of public convenience of any sort, why they
should be here. According to our custom, I be-
lieve it has been rather more the case of late years,
we do not go directly to the President of the Uni-
ted States for information as to all the Executive
Departments, which would be the more orderly
course; but we have sometimes of late years gone
to the heads of Departments. My own opinion
is, that it would be a veiy gieat iinpiuvement of
our ny.stem—and I have thought frequently of
suggesting it as an important matter—if the Cab-
metofliceis shou'd be on the floor of both Houses
and should participate in the debates. I have no
doubt that we should thus get nd of one of the
veiy greatest difliculties in our Constitution. Rut
so far as the executive officers aie to come heie
in person, let them be the heads of Departments.
The admission of the heads of buieaus is not
needed to facilitate the public business, and they
ought not to be admitted as a personal compli-
ment to them. The Senator from Minnesota says
we have enlarged our llali, and can accommodate
more. Why, sir, m the old Hall the admission
of persons to the lloor^got to be an unbounded
nuisance, as I behove was conceded by every-
body. We have not probably so much room on
tins floor for persons as we had in the old Hall;
certainly very little more.
Mr. COLLAMER. But we have a large gal-
lery for every one.
Mr, TOOMBS Wc have made much greater
accommodation for the public to hear the debates,
to the vei y great sacrifice, I think, of the personal
convenience of Senators. Not one of the people
named in this resolution is necessary to be here
to enable us to discharge the public business.
Theie are, however, good reasons for all of them
being admitted except the clerks of commiKees;
and if you admit them, I shall insist on eniaiging
that provision, so that eveiy Senator shall have
on the floor his clerk, having chatge of his busi-
ness. Believing that youi standing committees
do not. need cleiks for any public utility what-
ever, but that they are mere abuses that have
grown up, I shall oppose the bnngingof such per-
sons upton the iiie.-r
Mr. BAYARD. My own inclination of opin-
ion, as a member of the committee to which this
resolution was referred, was originally to restrict
entirely the aurmssion to the floor to the heads of
Departments, and the Prericknt and his.Private
Secietary. 1 was induced tcf think that heads of
Departments ought to be admitted on a principle
to be drawn by analogy from the country from
which, in general, our institutions are derived. In
the British Parliament, all ministers who are re-
sponsible to public opinion and to the public, are
members of the House of Commons or the House
of Lords. Here, under our system, they have no
voice; yet they have responsibility, and are re-
sponsible to public opinion. Theie may be occa-
sions connected with the business of the IIouso,
and the progress of debates, that may involve the
conduct of the head of a Department in reference,
to the management of that Department, and though
he himself cannot be heard on this floor, I thought
he ought to have the means of explaining, through
some Senator, the course and management of his
Department. But that principle cannot extend to
the mere heads of bureaus. You may call them
heads of bureaus, but they stand in no responsi-
bility to public opinion. They are but subordi-
nate officers, to whom the public do not look at
all. They look to heads of Departments for the
control of all the suhoidinates. I can see no rea-
son, thcicfore, why we should, on aify ground,
(and we certainly cannot on any business connec-
tion they would have with us,) admit them to the
floor.
The first general principle that ought to govern
us would be that those only should be admitted*
on the floor who are connected with the transac-
tion of the business of the Senate. That would bo
the strict and rigid rule. I cannot bring the heads
of bureaus within any rule or principle, in my
judgment, that should create an exception in their
favor. I can see it as legards the heads of Depart-
ments, on account of tiieir public responsibility
to the opinion of the country for the management
of their Departments; but 110 such responsibility
exists or is thought of by the public as regards
the heads of bureaus. I am, therefore, opposed
to going beyond the extent to which the commit-
tee have gone in that tespect. In the view I took
of it, I should have been disposed to confine ad-
missions entirely under the rule of the Senate, to
its officers; but I thought, from the reason 1 have
stated, that heads of Departments should properly
| be admitted. Besides, in practice, they would sel-
1 dom be among us; they are limited "in number,
■ and there can be no inconvenience arising from it.
; Beyond that, my own judgment would not have
j allowed me to go.
i But another question arose in reference to for-
j eign ministers. Foreign ministers, it was ascer-
S taincd, according to the usages both of Holland
and England, are admitted to the floor of the
House of Commons in the one country, and the
deliberative assembly in the other—I know not its
| name. International courtesy, therefore, seemed
: to require that we should extend a similar pnvi-
' lege here. We confined it strictly to the ministers
; and the secretaries of legation.
The second rule which I viewed as essential in
all cases, even if the fhst was not applied, for the
| purpose of controlling admissions to the*noor of
- the Senate, was that the class admitted undertho
j rule should not be composed of individuals who
j could not be personally known, in all probability,
! to the employes of the Senate; because if they
; were not known, it would lead to abuse. As re-
I gards the honorary admission, 1 d "> not look on it
1 m that view, because the moment you begin to
; admit classes, the honor is all gone. A special
| 1 evolution of the Senate, on a particular occasion,
; admitting nn individual to a seat on the floor, may "
| be an honor and a compliment; buf a more £en-
1 eral resolution, admitting classes of persons, is a
! privilege alone; if amounts to neither on lienor
; nor a compliment. In that view, therefore, 1 sup-
! pose that v/o ought to exclude all, certainly under
! the rule of identity, who could not be familiarly
known to the olUceis of the Senate. No one can
doubt thatimderour former rule of admitting in-
discriminate classes, with whom the oflicets were
: utteily unacquainted, ltgtew into such an abuse
i that u foiced us into an abiogation of the rule as
, it existed, before we came to this Hall.
| I speak not of the propriety of the course of
I others; but every Senator knows that our former
| rule was so abused that no matter who applied
' to many S-matois on this floor for admission,'
| they weie admitted, whether within the i ule or
j without it. It was impossit i<> for tie1 officer to
I disiingu'sh: he could not kn >\v the potion of the
1 party. You prescribed that books should be kept
I and names entered. If was found to be an entirely
