1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
idle and useless prescription. Individuals were
constantly on the floor, and in numbers, who,
under your rule, were not entitled to a seat upon
the floor; and they were introduced by Senators.
The.result was that other Senators were often
appealed to to introduce persons who did not
come within your rule; and they were obliged, of
course, either to make an enemy of the individ-
ual, or not to refuse him. X have had numerous ap-
plications of that kind made to me by gentlemen
of whom I entertained sincere personal regard,
and when I have toEd them, " I have no authority
to admit you on the floor, unless you show me i
that you fall within the rules of the Senate," I
they have said, " Mr. A B has taken me on the '
* floor on a former occasion, and why should you 1
not do it r" It is very hard to answer an argu- ;
ment of that kind; because to refuse implies a
censure on a biotherSenator, and it also irritates 1
the individual, who thinks you are overpunctih- ;
ous by refusing. X am one of those who think i
that it is the duty of a Senator, if he expects the j
rules to be obeyed by the officers of the Senate, j
to obey them himself. I have, therefore, refused '
such applications, and I can easily see the difK- i
cultics resulting from solicitations to Senators. !
Under such circumstances, you cannot hold your i
officers to responsibility. They do not know an '
individual; if he is brought in at the door by a j
Senator they will not even venture to inquire as i
to him ; but if you confine the classes entitled to i
admission" to the floor to persons who, in all
human probability, must be known to the officers I
of the Senate, then you have a safe rule, and you ■
can hold your officers to responsibility if they j
admit on the floor those not entitled under your
rules to admission.
As regards judges of the Supremo Court, there
would be no difficulty as to identity there. They
reside here for three or six months in every year.
They are all known familiaily to the officeis of j
the Senate. They are but nine in number. They
might well be admitted under the rule of identity, j
As regards foreign ministers, they are residents ;
here, and, of course, they have become known to '
the employes of the Senate, and there would be ;
no difficulty as to them; besides, their number is '
limited. As regards ex-Senators, their number 1
is not great. I felt great doubt in my own mind '
about extending the admission that far; but it was i
the propriety of extending a courtesy towards i
those who had been members of the same body |
with us that-led me to give way to it. Ex-mem- !
bers of the Senate, from the permanence and du- ;
ration of their teim—six years—would always J
be likely to be known to officers of the Senate. 1
We hold our officers, I think rightly, during good
behavior; we do not indulge m the fanciful notion ■
of removing men for the mere sake of change;,
we keep them permanently, as long as they per- i
form their duties properly; and, therefore, they ,
have the opportunity of knowing gentlemen who j
have been members of this body for many years '
back. There js no inconvenience, then, in the ■
rule of identity in that case. But 1 cannot, consent j
to go further; I cannot agree to violate both rules, '
the rule which really ought to restr,ct a dehber- i
alive body—that none but those who are mem-'
bers transacting its business, or necessary at- j
lendantsupon those members, should be admitted; ■
and the secondary rule, that if you tiespass upon ■
that, arising from matters of convenience and a
variety ofgrounds. you oughtnever to go beyond ;
a class of persons who can be identified peison- ;
ally by the employes of the Senate. Take them ;
both, and ail that we have recommended the ad- ,j
mission of would fall within those rules.
li-yond that I w^s unwilling to go; end for that |
reason X thought that the Governors of States ;
ought not to be ml nutted on ihe floor of the Sen- |
ntn. They have no peculiar business with the;;
Senate. They would necessarily be unknown to j
the officers of the equate. If it be a mere hon- ;
orary token of lecognition, the honor is lost m
the extension of the class; and besides, if there i
was any reason for admitting the Governors of 1
►States, on the ground of the position they occupy, i
to tiie floor of the Senate, the same prmc.pie j
would i equue, as an honoiary mark nf disune- -
tion, that the cx-Go\emo*i? of Saws shou! 1 he
admitted; for the ouice having been he hi, the party
; as much digmiied by t he portion, as tiie'exisii n
nate admission which existed' under the former
rule.
I believe that the committee have gone as far
as they ought to go, and I rather think they may
perhaps have gone further than they oughtto go;
but why should we add under this amendment the
heads of bureaus ? Although they are not subject
to the objection of wantofknowledgeon thepartof
the employes to identify them, nor subject to the
exception that they have no business here, there
is no reason for their admission. The reason for
the_ admission of a head of a Department is, that
he is responsible to the public opinion of the coun-
try for the management of his Department; but
no such responsibility exists in reference to the
heads of bureaus, who are merely subordinate
officers, and on the honorary principle, it is all 1
lost—there is no use in discussing it—it is all lost
the moment you make general rules instead of
admitting the individual for the occasion.
Mr. PKAIICE. My attention was called off
at the moment the resolution was taken up, or I
should have endeavored to state to the Senate the
principles which governed the committee in pro-
posing this rule. I suppose I may do that now,
notwithstanding the motion is specialty one to
add the heads of bureaus. The committee sought
to provide for the admission of such persons as
have such official relations with us as made it
desirable, veiy convenient, or necessary, that they
should have the privilege of the floor for the pur-
pose of communicating with us. I do not know
that there is any one beyond our own officers and
the heads of Departments who come within that
class. With the heads of Departments we have
official relations; we get all our information from
the Executive through the heads of Depaitmems.
We do notget such infoi mation through the heads
of buieaus. If a member of the' Senate wishes
to obtain information from anvgiven Department,
he does not addiess the subordinate who is at the
head of one of the bureaus of that Department,
and if he does, he will not get the information for
which he asks; he must apply to the Secretaiy,
and properly enough. As it is from the Secreta-
ries of those Departments that we obtain official
information, it is to them only, it was thought,
we should extend the privilege" of the flow, i do
not know the period when we adopted that pait
of the old rule which allows the heads of bureaus
to come on the floor. X do not know that X have
witnessed half a dozen examples, in twice as many
years, in whieh their presence has been necessury
for our information, in tiuth, the committees
who report the bills ought to be advised of all
that is necessary for them to know, before the
bills come up here for discussion; and they ought
to get that-information from the fountain-head,
the Secretaries of the Departments. I have seen
heads of bureaus here who had no bu-smess, and
very often; but in such cases they were an in-
cumbrance, an abuse, as one gentleman said." Our
accommodations for such persons are not en-
larged. It is true the Hall is much larger, and
the galleries are many times larger, but the priv-
ileged seats are not as numerous, and do not af-
ford as much accommodation as m the old Hall,
for there we hod the iarg" space behind the Pres- j
idem's chair, which would hold one or two hun- j
dreu, perhaps, and now we have no such conve-
nience as that. " 1
lean see no reason for admitting these gentle-
men from courtesy, as> a compliment. Their posi-
tion is not such as to entitle them to that privilege
from comity; and, us I think I have shown, tin T-e
is no necessity, for our convenience, why they
should be admitted. It seems to me, then ibte,
that it is rather an unconsideied thine; to ueom-
mend their admission to the p:iV)h"',es of tl# iluor.
In r  gard to other pi ^positions, i shall say noth-
ing; bat Wi.it until the time comes. 1
Air. COLLAMKR. I shall \ otc for the admis-
sion of the heads of Departments, but not for any
such reasons as I have heard suggested hcie to-
day. If it is true that we are to receive mfoima- !
tion from the ht-ad^of Depm pm-nts its relation to
any action of our own, it should be the duty of
those bcrius of Departments to attend here so that
we could have the use of them; but 1 th-it
v.*e o-~2ht to have no Cvmraume.uioij With the
head:, «'f b}>.u livs nts, except it is a me.!, au of
courtLxy anJ eiwiuy, unless it is in w tilnnj,; and'
incumbent of the office* and theiefore we should 11 whatever information we have iiom them should
be led on step by step to the same inuiscrimi- 'j be common to us all, and not have any roan go to
them and acquire some private information for
his own particular use. i disclaim altogether the
idea that these gentlemen should 'be admitted on
this floor from any consideiations of this kind;
but I am perfectly willing to vote for their admis-.
sion as a matter of courtesy and respect, and noth-
ing further.
Mr. SHIELDS. I shall not continue this dis-
cussion; I do not take sufficient interest in the
matter to do so; but I have a word to say as to the
classes proposed to be admitted. I regard the
clerics of the Senate as the most important of all
the persons named in the resolution,if the object
is to facilitate the business of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pause a moment. The Chair must call the atten-
tion of Senators to the fact that conversation is
loud and general all over the Chamber. He trusts
that better order will be observed.
Mr. SHIELDS. To facilitate the business of
the body—to aid the chairmen of committees in
the transaction of important business—constant
communication with the clerics of the committees,
it strikes me, is necessary. I have found it so;
and I-think every chan man of a committee in this
body will concur with inc. When we want im-
portant information,it is necessary that we should
communicate with the Clerk; anil we have cither
to go to file committee-room, or bring him here
with papers, because no messenger understands
(he business as he does. If it is a mcie compli-
ment, I agree with the honorable Senator from
Georgia; but to facilitate the business of the body,
constant and almost daily communication with the
clei ks of committees is necessaiy tu the chairmen.
Now, so fai as the heads of bureaus are con-
cerned I consider them as next in importance in
legard to the transaction of business. There are
! measures every day in progress in tins body that
i the heads of bureaus understand, even better than
| heads of Departments, because tiiey are the work-
! mg agents of the Government; they are the hands
I that prepare the work; and though we might not
j find it necessary to send for them, they might
j deem it very necessary to be here occasionally in
I order to understand what is bet'oie the body, 'i'he
| Senator from Georgia thinks we have already had
too great an intrusion on us, if I understand him.
If so, it has been 111 violation of the rule, and not
because the rule was strictly adhered to. it strikes
me we have abundance of room now to admit all
proper persons.
Mr. PEARCE. I did not propose to go beyond
the question properly before the Senate, but I
mustieply to the Senator from .Minnesota. I can-
not admit, though he seems to be confident' of it,
that the cleiks of committees are better mloimed
in the business of the legislation of the Senate
than members of the Senate and members of the
appiopriate committees. The Senator seems to
think so; at leasr he said so.
Mr. SHIELDS. Did I say so? I think not.
Mr. PEARCE. - He said they were better in-
formed than members of the Senate. I ann afraid
we are totally unworthy of our scats if that be
the case. It is convenient, sometimes, I know,
to have committee clerks admitted to the floor of
the Senate. There are certain occasions, as \vhen
the great apptopnauon bills are up, when there
are a vast number of amendments, and sometimes
calculations and various papeis in relation to the
amendments, when it is convenient to have a clerk
at hand who knows the airangement of the pa-
peis and can supply you at once with what you
would otherwise ha\e to search for; but except
on those occasions, 1 seg no necessity for com-
mittee cleiks coming on the floor of the Senate.
i am Hxe to admit, howevei, that we might,
perhaps, dispense with this portion of the rule.
Some gentkmen, however, m.-jds of committees,
have been very anxious that they should be al-
lowed to extend this puvilega by a written order
for par' teuhr occasions, to the cleiks of their com-
mittees. They say it would be very conven.ent
to them,and save them and the committee ti ouoie.
Some of the Library Committee have thought it
would answer equally well if, when such an occa-
sion occurs, the Senator would Mate t;ie fact to
the tody, and ask pefnnssion to have lsw eietk
come '>n the ilooi of the Senate. With that I
should have been saUshed m} sek; but 1 found the
mads of eouiimue"^ v. ere, i 111 y, M.ry desii-
ousthat their cleiks should have, this pi ivilege on
special written order. The Library Committee
