288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 10.
supposed that such an authority would not be i
abused by the chairmen of committees, and there- |
fore inserted it. For myself, I care nothingabout |
it. \ know, though, that there are Senators who
■will find it somewhat inconvenient at the close of
the session, when we are ail very much hurried
and have no time to waste, to be compelled to go
through their papers here without the aid of the
•clerk of their committee.
" I will say nothing further about the heads of
bureaus, except this, that although it may be that
heads of bureaus are often very minutely ac- ;
quaintcd with the details of the service with !
which they are charged, yet it is the duty of the •
committees (and I believe they endeavor to dis- i
charge that duty) to obtain from the proper j
authority, the head of the Department—whether |
he can furnish it directly, or does it through the
heads of the bureaus, makes no difference—the j
information neccssary to enable them to conduct :
the particular matter in hand. I think commit-
tees generally procure that information; and I 1
must say, I have never myself seen an occasion :
on this floor, though I have been a membpr of the !
Committee on Finance some eight or ten years, !
I belieVe, of referring to heads of bureaus for j
any information on bills before us. We ought !
to get it, and generally do gct'it, beforehand. It ;
is only when some unexpected amendment is i
moved that we want tluit infoimaiion; but 1
think it unnecessary to extend this privilege so ,
widely as the proposed change of the rule will do. ;
Mr. SHIELDS. I rise only to conect the ;
honorabb Senator in relation to what he says 1 j
stated. I presume he misconceived what I said. ;
It was, that the clerks of the committees under-
convenient to the Chamber, and eligible in every
respect, for the President. It was not expected
that the President would be there more than once
a year, if'that often. It was notdesigned, there-
fore, for the President alone, but it was supposed
his Cabinet officers might frequently wish to con-
sult with Senators, and that room would be avail-
able for that purpose, where they could have con-
versation uninterrupted, where they could explain
whatever they wished to communicate, and I
think it had better be done out of the Chamber
than in it. I think that a Cabinet officer has no
right to come hero and disturb any one address-
ing the Senate or Senators in paying attention to
him; neither has any Senator the right to bring
them bete with that effect.
Another word in relation to the connectfon of
'the executive and legislative departments of our
Government. I do not think they ought to be so
far mixed as to bring executive officers into the
Senate Chamber. From the days of General
Washington down, no President has come to enter
either of the Halls of Congress duimg their de-
libet attons. He left it under circumstances whioh
constituted a warning to his successors. If I may
be excused fonefening to myself, I will say that
when I was in an Executive Department, I never
came into either Hall of legislation, save on the
last day of the session, and that only when we
were required to come heie because the President
was to i eceive and sign bills in the Capitol. Having
cluuge of the construction of the building of the
Capuol, and frequently in it, as a rule ot propri-
ety, i eaiofully avoided going into either Cham-
ber. 1 do not think it necessary for the head of
an Executive Department to be hoie to hear the
stood the papers and the business before the com- : i debates. I do not think it proper that he should i
wtttees, and understood how to communicate
with the committee better than a messenger.
The honorable Senator, 1 piesume, thought I
said, better than the members; and peihaps it
would not be so inconceivable a t'wnii, oven if I
had said what he supposed. I did not say it; cer-
tainly I did not mean it; but I would now almost
accept the amendment of the honoiable Senator,
and say that in some cases they really understand
the business of the committee almost as well as
some of us chaitmen.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope we shall not violate the
rule which has been adopted. We have entered
anew Chamber, the construction of which is pe-
culiar and new to us, different from the old in
many particulars, having not as much accommo-
dation for visitors as there was in the old Cham-
ber, but with veiy large and abundant accommo-
dations in the galleries. 1 do not thmk this is the
place for conversation. I do not think Senators
ought to have anybody in this mom, with whom
they wish to converse. If it be desirable to have
a pariieularelass of persons, with whom Senators
may confer dining the session, here is the retiring
room; let the closed doors that lead to it, be opened
to a particular class of persons; let Senators go
out and see them there. This is the place for de-
libeiation, for action; let the spectators be m the
gallery; let silence be in the Chambei.
Th.en, sir,as to the provisions made in the gal-
lery, which has been noticed heretofore; 1 will
only say that in setting apatt one side of the
gallery for one class of persons, and another for
another, it was supposed they would go when-
ever they found it most desirable. It was not with
a view to discriminate against foreign ministers 1
that no particular location was designated for
them; but it was to give them their option to go
where they pleased about the «rallery—to let them ,
select the seats most agreeable to them. I sup-
posed really it would be an advantage to them
rather than to tie them to a particular spot. I have |
understood that in the House of Representatives
the practice is that they do not go to the pai ticn-
lar piace which has been assigned to them. 1 f it :
be desirable to have seats set apart for the offi-
cials of the Government, for the Supreme Court, '
why not put them on the right and left of the Vice ;
President in the two small galleries overhead?'
You may leserve them fur that class of persons if i
you pit use; but I thin!:, geneiaily, it will be found "
that they can accommodate themselves better 1
without being assigned to a particular locality, and '
that, 1 believe was the opinion of the comtfnttee |
of arrangements when they assigned the gallery, j
Then 1 wish to call the attention of Senatois j
to the fact that we have provided a room very j
be here to interfere at all with the course of dis
cussion.
I hone the matter will stand as it is, at least
until we have made that fair experiment which
will enable us to determine what the present Cham-
bei ls fitted for, and whether theie be any space
in jt where visiiois cart be received and converse
without interfering with the deliberations of the
body. We ha\c no lobby here, no space behind
in which persons can converse, as in the old
Chamber, and 1 think it will be found a great in-
convenience if thry aie admitted.
Mr. PEARCE. The committee included the
President of the United States, not because they
supposed the President would be liltely to visit
the Chamber. There was a time, as the Senator
fiom Mississippi has intimated, when the Presi-
dent came here and confei ted personally with the
Senate. It is a possible l hing such an event may
occur again. Wo do not expect it, it is true; but
we saw no reason why we should exclude the
Piesident fiorn our Hall by our inles, and ihere-
l'ore included him. We propose to admit foreign
mmistei s, because of national comity. We know
that our own ministers abroad are "admitted on
tliQ lloor of tiie British House of Commons; so
also in the Chambers of Holland, and peihaps
eUewheiWe thought, thn*< fore, that it would
be haid to exclude them, after they had been for
so many years admitted. They ttouble us very
little, only occasionally, and do not <*\iy long,
and I do not think their admission will incom-
mode us.
Then wo included ex-Senators because of the
relation they sustained to the body of which they
had been members. The number of them is com-
paratively small, J mean compared with the num-
ber of ex-members of the other House. Tins is
a more permanent body; members serve here
longer, end I doubt very much whether we shall
ever have a dozen ex-Senators at one time avail-
ing theft solves of the privileges of the resolution.
Tlie committee theiefore thought there would bo
no impropriety in extending to our old comrades
this courtesy. So of the Supreme Court, a co-!
ordinate branch of the Government, one of great
dignity, a venerable body I may say. They have
been allowed heretofore to come in. It is very
, seldom that they ever appear here. Some of
| them, I am sure, I have not seen in the Senate ,
I during the whole period of my having been a
member of it. i do not ivcol'oct having seen the :
; Chief Justice here, except, on official occasions,
1 v^hen it was Ins duty to come, on the maugura-
' tion of the President Some of the judges oeca- i
sionaily come m, but only for a short time. ,
As to the clerks of committees I have spoken ■
before, and will say nothing more on that. There
is one other provision. We proposed to admit the
superintendent in charge of the Capitol extension,
and we did so for Special reasons. Within the last
few days, complaints have been made in regard
to the ventilation of the apartment. It was de-
sirable that he should be here, then, to know what
it was that was objected to, and to see how it
might be remedied. Captain Meigs is a modest
gentleman, not likely to abuse any piivilcge; and
we thought that, duixng the continuance of the
construction of tl\c Capitol, we should make an
exception in his behalf, for our own convenience
much more than his. There we propose to stop,
believing, as the Senator from Mississippi has
well said, that this is a place for deliberation, and
not for discussion or the transaction of other busi-
ness than that which is proper for Senators in
their places. I think the extension of the priv-
ilege, as far as we propose, will not be found in-
convenient; but I doubt whether a further exten-
sion, as proposed by Senators, will not be found
so.
Mr. POLK. Before the Senator from Mary-
land takes his seat, 1 should like to ask him a
question for information, because I may offer an
amendment at the proper time. I desire to know
whether there is any reciprocal courtesy that re-
quires the admittance of the secretaries of lega-
tion of foreign ministers on the floor?
Mr. PEARCE. I will say to the Senator that
I have been informed by my friend who sits near
me, [Mr. Toombs,] that he went on one occasion
to the House of Loids with our present Presi-
dent, then our Minister to England, and that the
officer in charge of the door said, u the Ameiican
Minister, I believe." "Yes." When he inquired
whether the Senator from Georgia, who was with
him, was attached to his legation;and being told
he was not, he said, "Then I cannot admit him
without an order from the Chancellor " I infer,
then fore, that those attached to the legation are
admitted. We have not gone so far as that, but
purpose only the admission of ministers and
secretaries of legations; and we have done so
on the grounds of national comity which I have
stated.
tVJr. IVERSON. My original resolution, which
was referred to the Committee on the Library,
provided for the admission of foreign ministers,
without including their secretaries of legation. I
thought it proper to admit the ministers, because
they were the representatives of foreign countries
here, and as a matter of courtesy they might very
properly be admitted; but the Senator from Mary-
land, I think, is mistaken in relation to the fact that
the minister and secretary of legation of the Uni-
ted States are admitted upon the floor of the Brit-
j ish Pailiamenf, or any other legislative assembly
! in Europe. If lie is right, the President of the
| United .States is wrtfng; for he told me on Friday
i night, that it was not the case m any of the courts
* of Europe; that no minister from the United
States was admitted upon the floor of the British
Paihament, cither of the House of Lords or tho
House of Commons, and the President is ac-
quainted with the fact, because he has been not
only minister in Britain but minis-tor in Russia.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state one fact. The gen-
tleman may make a mistake as to the floor. I
know that inside of the door of the House of.Com-
mons, and on a slight elevation, there are two
boxes for fifreign ministers, and I was the gen-
tleman refeired to who went in with the present
President of the United States, and members came
and conversed with htm, to some of whom I was
introduced. Whether you call it on the floor or
not, it was probably six inches, or afoot, or a foot
and a half, above the tavel of the floor, and inside
the House. These arc the facts. I was inside of
the House, and in the boxes assigned to foreign
ministers, immediately under the general gallery.
With that qualification, the statement, that for-
eign ministers are admitted to the House of Com-
mons is correct.
Mr.' IVERSON. I presume the distinction is,
that that is not on the floor. The President may
have understood the floor to mean on a level with
the members. There are boxes, as my colleague
states, assigned to foreign mmi^tets; but I do not
think they aie admitted on the floor on a level,
and on an equality, with the members of tho body
themselves. Still, I am in'favor of their admis-
sion here.
