1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1371
bill. I will tell the gentleman I will vote for it if
it meets with the approval of my judgment; and
if it does not, I will vote against it. I was re-
marking, when interrupted, that the admonition
of the Father of his Country was, that in time of
peace we should prepare for war. I think that
when we are ready to strike an effective blow, we
have already won half the battle. If this were
an extravagant appropriation, if it were consid-
erably beyond the amount asked for last year, I
would be willing, under the exigencies of the occa-
sion, that it should be somewhat reduced. But it is
only an increase of $250,000, which, in my judg-
ment, is a very small appropriation for this item, in
consideration of the increased numberof vessels of
war introduced withio the last four or five years
in the naval service of the United States. I am
well convinced that the Department, under the
present exigencies of the finances and the almost
utter depletion of the Treasury, would not ask a
dollar more than is absolutely necessary to keep
the very limited number of vessels of our naval
force afloat, and ready for emergencies that may
readily and speedily occur, in view of the dis-
turbed relations of the nations of the world. Let
vis economize. I am ready for it. But it must be
a wise economy, in which all may unite.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARNETT, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, by striking
out 44 $600,000," which is the amount of his ap-
propriation for coal, and insert in lieu thereof
$750,000."
Mr. Chairman, my object in moving this amend-
ment is to make some general statement, in refer-
ence to this subject, and make a particular state-
mentwith reference to this item of coal. I do not
see how the gentleman from Ohio can say to the
Housq that forty thousand tons of coal are suffi-
cient for our naval purposes during the next year,
under the peculiar circumstances in which we find
ourselves n5w placed. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has justly alluded to the fact that we have
now a much larger number of steamers afloat than
we have ever had before. For the purposes of
the Paraguay expedition, and because the Con-
gress of the United States refused to build new
vessels sufficient for the naval purposes of the
country, it became necessary for the Secretary of
the Navy to charter, I believe, seven steamers for
that expedition. They are now afloat. They are
in the South American waters. How long they
may remain there, I do not know. The estimate
that has been made is, that something like fifty
thousand tons of coal will be required for naval
purposes on board of vessels during the next year.
That number of tons, at fifteen dollars per ton,
will amount to the sum named in myamendment.
We shall need coal for our navy-yards, which,
however, will not amount to a large sum, and may
be saved, perhaps, out of the $750,000.
And here let me say, that if the gentleman from
Ohio, and those who agreed with him on the spe-
cial committee to which he alluded, were of opin-
ion that frauds had been practiced in the purchase
of coal, and that the Government had suffered
very materially in consequence of these frauds,
then they viewed the matter in an entirely differ-
ent light from myself and those who agreed with
me. They and I were of opinion that the agent
for the purchase of anthracite coal was a useless
agent, and incompetent for the discharge of his
duty. But 1 remember no evidence taken before
that committee whith sustains the declaration that
frauds were committed. What are the facts? The
facts are, that coal was purchased last year, for
the Navy, cheaper than at any time for many years
past. The coal which cost, in Philadelphia, in
1857, $4 25 per ton, was bought, all through Hun-
ter's agency last year,at $3 85 per tonl The con-
current testimony of all the witnesses was, that
there had been a reduction of about thirty cents
in the value of coal between 1857 and 1858. The
coalfor foreign stations, which had cost, from Mr.
Fillmore's administration to the present time, an
average of something like fifteen dollars per ton,
was purchased and sent to foreign stations last
year at $12 50 per ton. Do these things prove
that fraud was committed? If it was, 1 ask by
whom it was committed?
From the best estimate that can be made, it is
supposed that fifty thousand tons will be required
for next year; and while I do not think that it
will cost fifteen dollars per ton, yet that is the
data on which the gentleman acts; and in that, he
agrees with the chief of the bureau of construc-
tion. Freights are going up; and in consequence
of that, coal on foreign stations may go up again
to fifteen dollars per ton, where it was for many
years.
In reply to the doctrine held by my colleague,
that Admiral Napier and other Englishmen of
experience and knowledge, have said thai it was
better for the English ships-of-war to remain on
cruises for four years or longer, I want to say
that the proposition of Admiral Napier and these
other gentlemen was applicable to the English
navy, and" not to ours. Here, when Congress is
asked to build ships, we are told that we have
no need of ships. Gentlemen would restrict the
Navy to the smallest number of vessels. In order
to make these as effective as possible, the policy
seems to be to make these ships travel from one
station to another as rapidly as possible, so as to
give protection, as far as possible, to oui*com-
merce in all the waters of the world. I am itf
favor of the policy of limiting the time that our
vessels should remain on foreign stations.
[Here the hammer fell.] f
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will not enter
into a dispute with the gentleman from Virginia
in regard to the amount of appropriations for
coal. I based my estimate on Mr. Lenthall's tes-
timony, that 3unng this year—a year of unpre-
cedented demand—about fifty thousand tons of
coal was needed, which cost, in the mode in
which it was purchased, about fifteen dollars per
ton; and also on the testimony that in his judg-
ment so much would not be needed next year, as
there was deposited a large supply, arid a re-
supply would probably not be required. «
Another word m reply to the gentleman from
Virginia: he says that the Government purchased
coal, this year, at less than it ever purchased coal
before. Mr. Chairman, the Government paid
Tyler, Stone & Co. $3 85 a ton, in Philadelphia;
but many of the most intelligent coal dealers of
that city came before the committee and testified
that the same quality of coal was supplied in the
market, at open purchase, at $3 35; and the very
men from whom Tyler, Stone & Co. purchased
this coal testified that the cost of it to Tyler,
Stone & Co., delivered on shipboard, was be-
tween $3 25 and $3 40 per ton. So that Tyler,
Stone & Co., at the lowest computation, made
fifty cents a ton on what they furnished. The
agent was paid $7,500 for six months'service.
He never did a single thing in the discharge of
his duty. He never weighed, inspected, exam-
ined, or saw shipped, a single ton of that coal.
Worse than that, Mr. Chairman—and here is
where I say fraud was committed—this coal agent
was appointed here, in the city of Washington,
by virtue of an arrangement, m which alate mem-
ber of the House took part, by which the emol-
uments of that coal agency were to be divided
between three men—one, the editor of a Demo-
cratic paper m Reading; another, a physician in
Reading; and the third, Mr. Smith, of Philadel-
phia, an active fuend of the President. That
arrangement was made known to the President,
as testified to by Mr. Smith himself. The coal
agent lived in Reading, Pennsylvania, aR the
time, and never went to Philadelphia. He di-
vided his emoluments, by virtue of the agreement
that existed, except that Mr. Getz, the editor of
the Reading Gazette,finding the arrangement dis-
tasteful, declined to receive his share, and the
other two, Smith and Hunter, divided the emol-
uments.
I do not know what the gentleman means by
frauds; but it seems to me that when an officer
of the Government, high or low, President or sub-
ordinate, sits by and hears that the emoluments
of a sinecure office—the emoluments, existence,
and duties of which are all at his discretion—are
to be divided between mere politicians; knows the
parties personally; knows that the coal agent
lives in Reading, where the duties of the office are
not to be performed; that none of the parties ate
fit for the place, or could discharge its duties; and
tiiat the whole arrangement was a mere dnision
of public money among partisans; to such trans-
action, if the word " fraud5' is not to be applied,
I do not know to what it is to be applied. When
such transactions are officially brought to my
notice, I will not carefully study words in con-
demning them. It was, at least, a gross neglect
of duty.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will read the resolution,
to which the gentleman himself [Mr. Bococ.k]
has assented, on the subject of the coal agency.
It is as follows:
Resolved, That it is disclosed, by the testimony in this
case, that the agency for the purchase of anthracite coal
for the use of the Navy, has been for some time past in the
hands of a person wholly inefficient and grossly incom-
petent, and that reform is needed in the regulamns. which
exist on that subject; but there is no proof which traces
any knowledge ot such inefficiency and incompetency to
the responsible authorities in Washington, nor any which
shows that the need ot reform grows especially out of any
act of theirs."
It is proved, Mr. Chairman, that the arrange-
ment for the appointment of a coal agent was made
in Washington, with the assent of the President;
that the division of emoluments was made known
to the President; that the incompetency of the
agent was known to the President; that the .fact
that he resided sixty or seventy miles from Phil-
adelphia, where the duties of his office lay, was
known to the President; that his occupation, pre-
vious employment, and personal qualifications,
were known to the President; that the agent never
was here; tha't his appointment was brought about
by Mr. Jones, then chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means of this House, and the most
intimate friend of the President; that the appoint-
ment was yielded to and made by the President,
although, by law, the whole matter of the coal
agency was within the discretion of the Secretary
of the Navy, and not of the President.
And yet, poor Hunter, the coal agent, is to be
made the scapegoat, and the President and his
Secretaries are to pass acquitted in tile judgment
of the Representatives of the people. Sir, what-
ever this House may do, the people of the United
States will never tolerate such injustice.
The question being on Mr. Bocock's amend-
ment, ,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, suggested that the
amendment should be withdrawn.
Mr. GARNETT. I think it is a proper amend-
ment, and I hope it will not be withdrawn.
. Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. If the gentleman
does not withdraw the amendment, the committee
will have to break up for want of a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not know
that that is a good reason. If there is not a
quorum present, the committed should not do
business. . •
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend the ori-
ginal text by striking out " §100,000,"and insert-
ing " $300,000." My colleague from the Acco-
mac district [Mr. Garnett] has adverted to the
fact that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Florence] and myself,-representing naval dis-
tricts, perhaps know something more upon this
subject than he himself does. I do not think it
strange that, coming, as we do, from naval dis-
tricts, we should be somewhat more familiar with
these subjects than gentlemen fl-om the. interior;
and I Should be unmindful, not only of any local
interests confided to my care, but of my duty to
the House, if I failed to guarikthem against any
misapprehension into which there is danger of
their falling. I do not see why a comparison
should be sought to be made between present ex-
pendctufes and the expenditures of Mr. Fillmore's
administration. To be sure, the expenses of the
Government have increased since that time, and
we a® know the reason why. There would be
almost as much propriety m comparing the naval
expenditures of the present day with the naval
expenditures of General Washington's time.
Since Mr. Fillmore's time, we have added about
thirty ships to the Navy, and the greater part of
these ships have been added within the last three
years. We have added a thousand men to the
Navy within the last two years. We have in-
creased the service by these men and these ships,
and we have increased the demand for the neces-
sary money to support them.
Sir, we have now afloat one of the largest ex-
peditions this country has ever sent abroad. That
expedition was sent abroad on the motion of a
■ gentleman on the Opposition side of the House,
i; who eaused the rules to be suspended for the pur-
j pose of originating this Paraguay expedition. And
j though my colleague, [Mr. Garnett,] I know,
{ voted against it, yet he should remember that I
I voted against it also; and if my colleague by his
