THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY,'JANUARY 12, 1859.
Neiv Series....No. 19-
Mr. POLK. Unless some gentleman can state
that secretaries of legation are admitted on the
floor of the British House of Commons and other
deliberative bodies with which this Government
has connection through its ministers, I shall move,
at the proper time, the strike out the secretaries
of legation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As a member of this
committee, and disagreeing with them somewhat
in their conclusions in regard to the provisions
of the resolution, perhaps I ought to say a word
or two. My original idea would bo very much
in accordance with what has been advanced by
the Senator from Mississippi, that it would be a
great deal better not to extend this rule at all be-
yond those whom we now admit; but the general
disposition of the Senate undoubtedly appeared
to be that it should be somewhat extended, that
it should embrace some classes that were admit-
ted in the old Hall. Then the only question foi'
us was, how far ought we to advise the Senate
to go in reference to this matter; or rather how
far can we go and not open the door to all sorts
of amendments? At first it was proposed to ex-
clude foreign ministers. I may speak with pro-
priety, I suppose, of our different views.
Mr. PEARCE. Of course.
Mr. FESSENDEI'T. The committee were
agreed on that subject, until it was stated on the
authority, 1 believe, of the Senator from Georgia,
that foreign rmnisteis were admitted to the floor of
the House of Commons. That settled the ques-
tion with the committee.
Mr. TOOMBS. Probably it will be necessary,
to prevent confusion in this matter, to state that
within the room where the House of Commons
sits are specially assigned seats for foreign mm-'
istrrs. Those seats are not exactly on the some
level with the members. They are in the same
room, and are specially assigned seats.
Mr FESSENDEN. I do not suppose it is
understood, when we admit these gentlemen on
our floor, that we admit them to sit in our chairs.
What we mean is the room, within what we con-
sider the bar; and it was suggested that inasmuch
as foreign ministers, on the authority of gentlemen,
were said to bo admitted on the floor of the House
of Lords and House of Commons, considering
all this mciosure as the floor, it would be no
more than courtesy for us to do the same thing.
We assented to it "on that ground. It was after-
wards extended so far as to admit secretaries of
legation. To that I was opposed. I see no rea-
son for taking them in. I see no reason why we
should admit these young gentlemen, when we
provide good seats for them in the galleries, if
they are disposed to come here, while there are
many dignitaries m our own country to whom
v/c-coi tainly ought to extend the same courtesy
if wegive it any general broad significance. How-
ever, the committee decided to a'dmit the secreta-
ries of legation. I am perfectly willing to strike
out that provision; and I would vote to strike it
out, not that I have any objection to them, but
that I wish to have this privilege within the nar-
rowest 'possible limits we can, consistent with
proper courtesy and respect to ourselves.
Then, if we extended it at all, it became, in
my muw, a mere matter of compliment and pro-
per reject to the individual; and I was willing,
with that exception, to go as far as the proposed
rule m tlie first provision of it; and that is,
to admit the heads of Departments, for the reasons
suggested by the Senator from Vermont, and not
for3 the other; fur 1 agree with him, that so far as
business is concerned, theie is no necessity for
them to come here at all; and I think it would
look hotter it they did notcome to talk on business
aflairs; bur, with reference to the dignity of their
pnsiuon as members of the President's Cabinet,
leading office is, heads of Depai traents, I was will-
ing: to extend the courtesy to them, ft extended
10 thoni, I see no reason why it should not be ex-
tended aiso to the judges of the Supreme Court,
<■< rtamly holding an oliiceof the very highest dig-
nity and importance, and entitled, as a coordinate
hrrihch of the Government, to receive any com-
19
pliment from us which we extend to anybody;
and, as suggested by the honorable Senator from
Maryland, they arc few in number, and would
not be likely to trouble us in any way.
The same reasoning that struck his mind with
regard to ex-Senators struck mine, and I yielded
for that particular reason. We struck out the
Governors of States. We saw no reason why
they should come in; and, in doing that* we sup-
posed we had disposed of the question also with
regard to the Mayors of Washington and George-
town, because their admission was, the other day
in debate, placed upon the ground that they occu-
pied in point of fact, there being no Governor of
this District, the same comparative relation that
the Governors of States did, and, indeed, were
more concerned with the business of the body, for
they had business to transact with us.
Now, with reference to this matter of business,
in my humble opinion the argument amountfe to
just nothing at all. None of them have any sort
'of business with us that cannot be transacted in
five minutes in the reception room or outside of
this door. The argument that is drawn from the
necessity of meeting them on business affairs, is
a more argument for the occasion, in my judg-
ment, to get them inside of the Hall on some pre-
text or other. The reason on which we ought to
put it is simply that there are certain high digni-
taries, men connected with the Government in
Washington, who, from their position, are enti-
tled to this compliment which wo extend to but
few. We ought not to extend it beyond the nar-
rowest possible limits; and it was the view of the
committee that by making it in a measure exclu-
sive, we shouldavoid the difficulty ofhavingthese
motions made to admit this one and that one and
the other. I see that it has not produced that-
effect, and I think the reason it has not produced
that effect is traceable to the decision of the com-
mittee, from which I dissented, that for the time
being, be it longer or shorter, the gentleman in
charge of the Capitol extension should be made
an exception to all rules, and admitted hero on
the ground that it is necessary that he should
come in to see what is to be corrected here. Why,
sir, docs he want to come in for that purpose
during the session of the Senate? It is possible
that there may be something to correct; but he is
not a regular architect; ha would not be likely to
come himself for that purpose, but would be apt
to send somebody who knew how to correct de-
tails, rather than himself, who is the mere super-
intendent. It would be more the architect than the
superintendent who would attend to such matters.
Mr. PEAE.CE. I ask the Senator to allow me
to interiupt him for a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly._
Mr. PEARCE. From one of his remarks it
might be possibly inferred that Captain Meigs
has made a request to have this privilege extend-
ed to him. He has given no intimation of any
such wish of his, and I spoke only of the fact that
members of the Senate wished to have correction
made in the ventilation of the Hall, and wanted
Captain Meigs heie to see what should be done.
I dare say he has no desire to come here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have a Committee on
Public Buildings, my friend from Vermont sug-
gests, who have or ought to have control of that
matter. While I s^y this, I speak with all re-
spect for Captain Meigs. 1 would just as soon
see him here as any other gentleman, because 1
consider him a gentleman, and I would like to ad-
mit him if he could conic fanly within the spirit
of the rules; but the idea that during the session
of the Senate, from twelve o'clock until four, it is
necessary for the convenience of the Senate that
the architect should come in to examine the con-
dition of the room  
Mr. PEARCE. He is the constructor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He is the superintendent,
and has the superintendence of the whole build-
ing, but he is not the absolute constructor. There
is an architect different from him.
Mr. PEARCE. He is the constructor, and ad-
mirably qualifietf for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He may be called so and
hold that place nominally, but m point of fact, I
apprehend, he has duties to perform not precisely
those of-construction. He is not such, though
he may be called so, and Iiave the regulation of
the Hall and be competent to that business. I am
not speaking, however, in regard to him; but I
say this provision is merely to make an excep-
tion in his favor. No Senator can suppose but
that before twelve o'clock in the morning and
after four in the afternoon, there will be abund-
ance of time and occasion, to point out to the
constructor or architect, or anybody, any incon-
venience that is suffered. But what could he do
if he made a personal examination while we are
here > The argument strikes me as totally inad-
equate to accomplish the purpose, or to render
even a decent reason why it should be accom-
plished, although that cannot often be said, and
I would not say it of any argument that my friend
from Maryland thought worthy to advance; for
everybody knows that he usually exhibits him-
self as perfectly unwilling to use an argument
which, to his mind at least, ought not to have,
and therefore necessarily has, very considerable
force on the minds of others. I only say that I
cannot see force in it. I believe it to be unneces-
sary that he should come in, although I have no
objection, unless on the ground that, if we admit
the constructor or architect having charge of the
building, why not have the Commissioner ofBub-
lic Buildings here? Why not admit the gentle-
man with whom we contract to do our reporting?
Why not any one of twenty other persons con-
nected with us? I see no reason. If one comes,
the rest must come, and all have their friends;
and therefore 1 think wo had better confine our-
selves to the rule which the committee first sup-
posed adequate to meet all that was necessary.
With reference to the clerks of committees, all
I have to say is this: I was in favor of their
coming in on special occasions by permission of
the Senate; and if I was chairman of one of the
committees, I would prefer to have the rule thus
in order not to be vexed and teased with contin-
ual applications which mustfollow from clerks to
come on the floor of the Senate. If the chairmen
■want them, I only say that 1 should be willing to
accommodate them, if the Senate thought it ne-
cessary; but I cannot imagine a case in which I
think 'it would be necessary. I hope both pro-
visions to which I have objected-will be stricken
out; and I shall move to strike them out when
the proper time comes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment, to
admit to the floor the heads of bureaus.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is oil the amendment offered by the Senator from
Virginia, to admit the Mayors of the cities of
Georgetown and Washington.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move now to strike out that
clause in reference to clerks of committees. It
will bring m a larger class than any other division,
and is totally unnecessary for any public business
whatever, and would bring in over twenty per-
sons.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Georgia, to
strike out the words:
" Tlit. eleiks of the committees of the Senate may be ad-
mitted to the tioor of the Senate, for the particular occa-
sion, upoti a special order, signed by the chairman ol tile
eemmiuee.
Mr. BAYARD. My own opinions originally
were not in favor of admitting any clerks at all;
but when this restricted form of admission for the
particular occasion, upon an order signed by the
chairman of the committee, was suggested, I did
not think it would afford any practical difficulty as
regards their admission on the floor. I inclined
to°the opinion, though, that it ought to be confined
to the clerk of the Committee on Finance. I can
conceive that constantly, at certain periods of the
session, it may be of extreme convenience to that
