THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 25,
reference to the fact that I represent a naval dis-
trict, meant to imply that perhaps my vote was
in some degree controlled by the necessities or
interests of the people I represent, I can only re-
mind him that although the sending of that ex-
pedition would necessarily increase the naval
expenditures, yet I voted against it, because I did
not think that for general reasons, it was justifi-
able at the time it was sent, or perhaps at any
other time. The gentleman talks about the ex-
penses of Mr. Fillmore's administration. Do we
not know that much the largest amount of this
appropriation for construction, equipment, and
repair, is expended in the payment of mechanics
and laborers, and do we not know thatduring the
last five years the wages of labor have increased
at all the navy-yards in the country? We know
the fact that the wages of the mechanics and la-
borers at all the navy-yards of the country have
increased, and justly and necessarily increased..
Will any man say they ought not to have in-
creased ? Has there not been such an increase in
the cost of living as to make this increase neces-
.sary everywhere ? And when I recollect the great
demands made upon the public purse by the ori-
ginating of these expeditions, and by these in-
creased expenditures, I can only express my sur-
prise that the amount is so slightly increased
above the appropriation of last year. Last year
the appropriation for this item was $2,850,000,
and now the gentleman from Ohio proposes to
restrict the appropriation to only $1,900,000. It
lias been upwards of two million dollars for many
years past, and yet the gentleman, with these in-
creased charges and expenses, actually proposes
to reduce the amount, and to separate the items
of expenditure, and appropriate specific amounts
for the purchase of coal, for the purchase of hemp,
&c., as if it were possible for any human fore-
sight to anticipate the necessity that may here-
after arise in refeiencc to these articles.
[Here.ihe hammer fell.]
Mr. MiLLSON,by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr, FLORENCE. I move to amend the ori-
ginal text, by striking out the word " one," and
inserting " two" in lieu thereof.
.Now, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia remarked, that the largest portion of this
appropriation is for the payment of laborers.
There has been a reduction in almost every De-
partment of the* Government where labor is most
paid for. I have heard no exception taken to the
number of persons employed in the dilfereiit De-
partments of the Government. No evidence has
peon furnished to the House that the entiic force
employed is not required. I ask gentlemen, in
all seriousness and fairness, do they mean by the
reduction of this amount reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to require that, if
these repairs are to bo made, there shall be a re-„
duction of the pay of the laborers? That is the
practical question which presents itself now to the
judgment and consideration of every man here.
1 take this occasion to declare heie, that 1 will
protest against any reduction whatever in the
small pittance paid to the mechanics and laborers
in the employ orthe Government. Let us begin
at the head. L.et the pay of the naval olHcer«be
first reduced, if any reduction is to take piai'e,
though 1 wo*uld not have that done, for, in my
judgment, they ate inadequately paid. Let the
pay of those whoso compensation is twenty times
as much as that of the workingmen be reduced.
I toll gentlemen here, that if these reductions are
to be made in the pay of the mechanics and la-
boreis m tht- navy-yards of the country, in the
arsenals of the country, and everywhere under
the employ of Government, the woikmgmen, the
bone and sinew of the country, w-ilH hold the
man who votes for such a measure to a strict ac-
countability, and he ought to be held responsible
for such a departure from justice and right. I am
sorry to know that the workingmen of the coun-
try are not a class which seems to be much thought
of here. What harm is it if, m the exercise of an
independent opinion, the workingmen choose to
prefer their friends iri an election? Yet, for that
offense, on this floor they are charged with being
shoulder-hitters and ballot-box stulfers.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] to
whom 1 have referred, said, as I find it reported '
in the debates in the Congressional Globe:
" What would have been the fete of tire facetious gentle-
man from the first district in Pennsylvania if the navy-yard
had not been m.his district? I fear he would hardly have
been able to get the certificate, to say nothing of his chances
for a legal election. Why, sir, I am told there are scores,
if not hundreds, of men nominally employed in these navy-
yards ijvho never go there at all, except on pay-day. The
only service they render is on election days, when they per-
form the duties of shoulder-hitters, and engage in such other
amusements as the exigencies of the party require. This, I
have no doubt, is the explanation of the increased expend-
itures of which the gentleman from Virginia complains.
They have increased as the exigencies and necessities of
the party have increased 5 and it is to these expenditures
that the party owes its success. That gentleman and his
party are now enjoying Lhe power and patronage which these
expenditures in tUe free States have secured, and without
which it would have suffered an overwhelming and igno-
minious defeat. His friends in the free States have done the
only thing that was left for them to do, and have achieved
success for thcgcntleman and his party; and I submit to him
whether he is rendering a proper return for such signal ser-
vices."
Now, I take this occasion, because itisa proper
one, and because this is the proper place, at least
so far as I am concerned, to throw the imputa-
tions back in the teeth of those who utter them,
so fafr as constituents of mine, at least, are con-
cerned. Why, sir, the other day, while I was
accidentally absent for a few minutes from the
committee, (if I had been here I should have con-
tradicted the statement at the time,) the charge
was made that there was employed in the navy-
yard at Philadelphia, just upon the eve of an elec-
tion, a larger force than was necessary for the
work being done there. I shall take this occasion
to submit here, that gentlemen may read it, a tabu-
lar statement, prepared by the officers of the yard,
showing the period of time that these persons
were employed, and showing that there were ab-
solutely moie peisons employed after the election
than previous to it. Now, sir, I take occasion to
say that when I can get a mechanic or laborer, or
any operative, work in the navy-yards, or any-
where else, I will do it. If the public interests
require that a hundred men shall be employed, I
will not only go for employing a hundred men,
but I will get in a hundred and one, if 1 can. Now,
sir, I submit this tabular statement for the pur-
pose of having it printed as a part of my speech.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELSEY. I object to that. It is out of
order to print speeches that are not delivered, and
I object especially to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania doing it, because his contested election
has got to be settled by the next House of Rep-
resentatives, and not by this.
[Laughter, and cries of " Order!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I tell the gentleman from
New York that there is no contested election in
my district, not a word of testimony has ever
been taken there upon any contest, and I assert
that, upon no legal authority, can my election be
contested.
[Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. KELSEY. I merely spoke upon news-
paper authority that there was to be such a con-
test, and suggested that the next House would be
the judge.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I repeat that, as
not a word of testimony has ever been taken, and
if the next House intend to turn me out of my
seat, in violation of right, justice, and of law, let
them try it. That is all 1 have to say upon the
subject. ["Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I trust the House
will pardon me, because the gentleman has been
exceedingly indecorous in his remarks, which I
could not allow to go without response. [Laugh-
ter.] The gist of the charges is contained in the
following paragraph, published in the newspa-
pers:
" The si\ bundled and fifty workmen removed from the
navy-yaid :ti Philadelphia, since the election, may now
realize how much Lccompton piormaes aie worth. They
were letained ju-t long enough to be used lor then votes,
and di<3cimre''d as soon as this duty was pcrfouued. A
moie intamous prostitution of patronage and of honor was
never heard of, not even in thos-e days when offices were
thrust upon men on the mere expectation of obtaining their
support for the Executive."
Here is a direct charge that six hundred and
fifty men were employed in the Philadelphia navy-
yard, merely to secure their votes at the October
election for certain candidates, and were dismissed
as soon as their ballots were deposited. If this
charge were true, denunciation of those who con-
trolled the yard would be just; but if it is proved I
to be false, those who wrote it and published it
deserve to be held up to public scorn as miserable
falsifiers and slanderers.
Figures, it is said, will not lie; and as they are
arguments easily understood, 1 propose using
them pretty extensively in elucidating this sub-
ject. I therefore append tabular statements of
the number of men employed in the' different de-
partments of the navy-yard, together with the
amount and kind of work done, from the 1st day
of September up to the 26th of November, 1858:
Carpenters> department.
From the 1st to the 15th of September    .200 men.
16th " 30th «  234 «
Sawyers—1st to 25th " '  16 "
16th to 30th «   22 «
Borers—;lst to 15th "  64 "
16th to 30th «  50 "
From the 1st to the 15th of October 241 "
16th " 31st "  292 "
Sawyers—1st to 15th i(  28 "
16th to 31st "  28 "•
Borers—1st to 15th "   50 "
From the 1st to the loth of November 302 "
16th " 26th "  302 «
Sawyers—1st to 15th "  30 "
16th to 26th "   30 «
Working on Lancaster, Congress, Chapin, docks, and
City of Richmond.
Spar department.
1st half month of September 18 men.
2d « « «  18 «
1st " October  10 "
2d " " "  19 "
1st u " November   21 "
2d " " "  21 "
The work on hand during this period was—
New bet of masts and spars for fitgate Congress.
" " <c steamer Lancaster.
" " " new sloop No. 1.
« « <t tc No. 2.
" <c " propeller M. W. Chapin.
" " " and repairs for propeller
City of Richmond.
Painters' department.
September 1st to 30th   20 men.
October 1st to 30th  30 "
November 1st to26th 31 "
Work done: Painting frigate Congress, sloop Lancaster,
deck sections, steamer Chapin, Sloop No.4,City of Rich-
mond, and various shops and buddings.
Joiners' department.
September 1st to 15th     117 men.
" 16th to the 30th 138 "
October 1st to the 15th 143 "
u 16th the 31st 143 "
November 1st to the 15th 145 "
" 16th to the 26th 140 "
Woiking on Lancaster, Congress, Chapin, two sloops,
plumbing shop, gun-carnage shop, and repairs to buildings
111 yard, and City of Richmond.
Caulkers' department.
September 1st to the 35th 143 men.
" loth to the 3Uth 100 "
October 1st to the 15th 57 "
" 15th to the 31st  45 "
November 1st to the 15th  39 "
" loth to the 26th  90 "
Caulking Lancaster, Sloop No. 1, City-Of Richmond,
Pnnceton, Chapin, scows, and docks.
Block department.
From September 1st to the 15th 12 men.
" " 15th to the 30th   13 "
" October 1 «t to the 15th  14 4 "
" k< 15th to the 31st 14 "
" November 1st to the 15th 16 t{
ts u 15th to the 20th 16 ec
Working on Lancaster, Piopeiler No. 1, Chapin, blocks
for yard use, and Congress.
Blacksmiths' department.
From September 1st to 15th 150 men.
" " 16th to 30th.   100 u
a Octobpr 1st to 15th   I....166 "
" « 16th to 31st 170 «
" November 1st to loth 166 "•
« 16th to 26th 166 "
Working on Lancaster, Congress, the two sloops, Chapin,
docks, machinery, yard purposes,&c.
Plumbers'' department.
From September 1st to November 26th 20 men.
Working on Laneasier, Congress, (Jiiapm, City of Rich-
mond, mud machine, hydraulic engine-house, and repairs
of yard.
Boat-builders* department.
From September 1st to November 26th v. ...10 men.
Working 011 Lancaster, City of Richmond, Chapin, Con-
gress, light-house vessels, steamer Waiker, &c.
Laborers' department.
September 1st to the 15th..  578 men.
" 16th to the 30th... 57$ "
Octobcr 1st to the loth        .710 "
" 16th to the 31st 710 "
November 1st to the 26th     .460 "
At woik on Lancaster, getting ready for launching, 8tc.,
Congre?«, Chapin, Docks, Propeller No. 1 and No. 2
Stoiing timber, discharging timber from vessels, from
contractor, and attendmg'on all departments in the yard.
Likewi&e attending on saw-pits tor sawyers. Also, on
anchor hoys and dredging machine.
