290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
commiyee, from the multiplicity of detail con-
nected with their duties, that they should have
the right to call in their clerk during the sessions
of the Senate without the necessity of any mo-
tion for the purpose. I hope the Senator from
Georgia., as that certainly cannot lead to any
abuse, will move to modify the resolution, so as
to confine it to the clerk of the Committee on Fi-
nanced . I am perfectly willing to vote for that.
Ml'.'TOOMBS. I do not see any necessity for
that.- The committee can communicate with the
clerk in the committee-room. It would lead to
the introduction of more if you gave the privilege
to one. I recol!e$t that, in the House of Repre-
sentatives, I served on the Ways and Means
Committee during the Mexican war, and we met
one hundred and eighty days consecutively, ex-
cept Sundays, and there was not a clerk to the
committee, and I know the business was well
done by the gentffimen who then did it. If the
chairman desires to bring in bis clerk, by special
leave, it may be done at any time, but I should
oppose it. It is all unnecessary.
The chairman of that committee, my friend
from Yirginia, I know is able to attend to his own
business. The appropriation bills undergo thor-
ough review in the House of Representatives.
They are brought here in full shape. There is
much more labor on them there than here, espe-
cially inasmuch as we have ignored our constitu-
tional right to introduce the bills ourselves. They
are there made, shaped, and passed, and sent to
us. They are brought here to this committee,
and there is no sort of necessity for this provis-
ion. The chairman, I have no doubt, will inform
1 himself, as he always does, well; and he does not
want a clerk here for the purpose of bringing in
his papers. 1 think it wholly unnecessary. In-
deed, I think the clorlc is unnecessary m the first
place, and it i.s certainly unnecessary that he
should come on the floor. 1 insist that if a clerk
is necessary for my friend to discharge his duties,
it is just as necessary for me.
Some gentlemen in this body have had no con-
nection with committees. 1 have had very little.
I have as much as I can do to attend to th'e gen-
eral business of the country. I have use occa-
sionally for clerks. I have to employ one. Mine
is as necessary to me as any clerk is to a chair-
man of a committee, and 1 am as much entitled
to him. if this provision is not stricken out, 1
shall insist on a vote as to whether the other mem-
bora of the body are to have the right to bring in
clerks, because we all know that, in point of fact,
the clerk of a commiitee is the clerk of the chair-
man. lie is with the commiitee when it sits,
but the rest of the time he attends to the business
of the chairman. Every other member of the
body is entitled to bung in his clerk, and there
are sixty-four of them.
Mr. CL AUK. There is another difficulty about
this matter of llic admission of clerics besides
those which have been mentioned. The propo-
sition is to bring m the clerk of a committee, on
an order signed by the chairman, and for the con-
venience of the business of the committee. Now,
suppose the second man upon the committee
wants that clerk: how is he to get him ? He has
to go to the chairman to get an order signed. You
might as well go to the committee-room and find
the clerk. I do not quite like this distinction. If
the chairman can bring him in, let the other mem-
bers of the committee bring him in, who want
him as much; and if your'Committee on Finance
can bring in a clerk, let the other committees have
have their clerks here; but let us have no dis-
tinction about it. I want to keep them all out,
where I think they should be. ;
The motion to strike out was agreed to. I
Mr. P1TZPATR1CK. There i.-' an amend- :
ment that f desire to submit, which I feel assured 1
will commend itself tn the attention of ihe Senate; '
it must have escaped the observation of the com-
mittee; for I see that they have provided for ex- ;
Senutora, while there is no provision for Senators j
elect. It is well known to the Senate that many ,
of the States elect in advance of the time at which |
Senators take their seats, and they frequency
come here to witness our piocee*tir;gs. I there-
fore move to add after the words " ex-Senators," ;
the words " Senators elect." j
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. FESSENDEN bmove to strike out the
clause providing for the admission of the person !
having charge of the erection of the Capitol ex-
tension, which is in these words:
" The officer in charge of tlje Capitol extension, during
the progress and until the completion of the work, shall be
admitted to the floor of the Senate." )
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to strike out
the words "and their secretaries of legation,"
after " foreign ministers."
Mr. MASON. I regret that the honorable Sen-
ator has made that motion. These gentlemen are
admitted—foreign ministers and their secretaries
—because they are here as the guests of the Uni-
ted States. It is well known to that honorable
Senator, doubtless, that a foreign minister has no
office; our ministers abroad have no office; nor
have these gentlemen who come here; but they
come accredited as the representatives of the
country whence they come, and are received here
as guests of the country. It is the highest na-
tional comity to permit them to reside here and
to communicate with our Government upon mat-
ters of interest; and I would suggest to that hon-
orable Senator again that it has been the invari-
able usage of the Senate to admit the secretary of
legation with the minister. To exclude them now
woifld seem, though not intended, as rather in-
vidious. I hope it will be allowed to remain as
heretofore.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is nothing invidi-
ous about it; and nobody out of this Hall has the
right to suppose there is. - We are settling ques-
tions for our own convenience: we have already
stricken out several classes; and, if we strike out
another, it is no disrespect to them, but because
we consider it important for our own advantage,
doing business here, to render the class admitted
to the floor as small as possible consistent with
comity and our duties. I see no reason why
they should come in any more than Governors of
States, for instance, when they happen to be here,
whom wo exclude. We have altered the usage
lo a great many things; we liave struck out more
than a dozen different classes of individuals; and
1 see no icason why, because these persons are
foreigners, they should bo admitted, while we ex-
clude the dignitaries in our own land.
Mr. I3AYARD. The committee at one time
had determined that they would assign a portion
of the gallery to foreign ministers and their at-
taches. My assent to the provision as reported
was founded on the information of the Senator
from Georgia, that it was the usage in Great
liritain, and alsom Holland, to admit on the floor,
properly speaking, within the body of the House,
the re'prcsrnUlives of foreign nations, with their
all aches. "VV e did not gef to the extent of admitting
all those attached to the legation; but we thought
we might extend it, as a matter of international
comity, to the secretary of legation as well as to
the minister. Now, if the rule holds at all,
founded on international comity, it extends to the
secretary of legation, who is a recognized officer
of the legation just as much as the minister, and
jf we aihn.t the one on that principle, (and there
is no other on which I think we can admit the
minister at all,) we should admit the secretary of
legation.
Tile amendment offered by Mr. Fessentoem
was agreed to; there being on a division—ayes
20, nays 18.
Mr. PiiAUCE. There is another amendment
which I desire to submit on my own responsi-
bility. I think the committee overlooked it when
this subject was under their consideration. I move
before the words "ex-Senators " to insert " ex-
Vice Presidents."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The-motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PUG1I. Is it true that the committee
have cxcludcd Governors of States, while they
leave in secretaries of legations? ["No! No!
secretaries of legation are not included."] But
foreign ministeis are. Actually, the Presidents
of your own sovereignties at home cannot get in;
but some fellow that represents a picayune for-
eign Government can come in hero. I move to
mseit " the Governors of States." I want to pay
some respect to our own sovereignties.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KENNEDY. I move to add, " ex-mem-
bers of cabinets."
The motion was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to add:
Ex-members of the House of Representatives who are not
employed as claim agents. [Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KENNEDY. I move further io amend the
rule by adding, "ex-Presidents of the United
States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended .was adopted. It
proposes to make the 48th rule read as follows:
48. No person shall be admitted to the floor of the Senate
while in session, exeept as follows :
The officers of the Senate; members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and their Clerk; the President of the United
States, and his Private Secretary; the heads of Depart-
ments ; foreign ministers; ex-Presidents of the United States;
ex-Vice Presidents; ex-Senators; Senators elect; and judges
of the Supreme court.
' On motion of, Mr. MASON, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 10, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by B. H. Nadal, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. My object is to proceed with the
consideration of the Indian appropriation bill. X
am informed that the death of Mr. Harris, of
Illinois, will be announced some day this week.
That will consume one day. It is desirable that
some of these appropriation bills should be dis-
posed of, and sent to the Senate.
Before the question is put upon the motion I
have made, however, I move' the usual resolution,
to closu debate upon the Indian appropriation bill
in half an hour after the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union shall again resume its
^consideration.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to suspend his motion a moment, in or-
der to allow me to introduce a resolution of in-
quiry merely. I think there will be no objection
to the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let it be read for
information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas it has been announced in foreign journals that
the Cabinet? of Fiance and England have given notice to
I the Government that the cession of Cuba to the United
i States would not be tolerated, even with the consent of
' Spain:
j Resolved, therefore, That the President be requested, it
i not incompatible with the public interest, to communicate,
j to this House the correspondence between this Government
j and Fianco and England, in relation to the acquisition of
j Cuba by the United States. *
j JSTo objection being made; the resolution was
j received, considered, and agreed to.
1 ABDUCTION OF MORTARA.
j Mr. HARRIS. I ask my friend from Missouri
j to yield a moment to allow me to introduce a res-
> olution, whidh ought not to excite any objection
, in the House.
; Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let it be read for
information.
1 The resolution was read, as follows:
Whcieas the people of tin? country are believed tore-
■ uaid with doep sympathy the abduction fiom Ins parents of
| fhe iM.iduifch boy, Edu<u Moitara. by the Papal authontirs
, of Bologna, and a laige and worthy class of our fellovv-
' citizens have memorialized the Pref-identupon the subject,
[ and solicited the moral aid of this Government in effecting
his restoration ; and whereas, m a s-imilarcascof persecu-
tion suffered by the Jew-- of Damascus, under the Pasha ot
Egjpt, m the year 1340. the then Secietary of State, Mi.
r\>i>ythj by duection of President Van Buien, expressed
thro!'2h the ropiosentative of the United States at Alex-
andria " the anxiety of our Government that the active sym-
pathy and generous mtertesence of the United States should
not bu withheld from so benevolent an object ;,-,and directed
him to {t employ all those good offices and efforts that were
compatible with disc.etion, andhisofficialchaiacter,to the
end that justice and humanity might be extended to those
persecuted people and whereas the ease of Edgar Mor-
tal a is one that violates the sancity of the parental relation
and the freedom of conscience and religion : Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rcjiescnlalii es
of the United State? of America in Congress assembled, That
the President be requested to interpose with the Govern-
ment of the Pontifical States in the case of Edgar Mortaia,
" all those good offices and efforts which aie compatible
with discretion and his official character."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I believe that is
