1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Recapitulation.
The total number of men employed in th^yard, on Septem-
ber 15. was.....     .....1,250
October 1 „ ; 1,534
November 1   1,720
November 26   1,520
The work done, was:
Finishing and launching the Lancaster,
Refuting frigate Congress,
Repairing- two light-house vesbels,
Building two steam sloops,
Pitting steamer Chapm,
67,500 feet oflive-oafc was piled and stored,
456,030 feet of timber and lumber was discharged from
vessels and stored—furnished by contractors} besides
a large quantity of futlocks, floors, knees, and spar tim-
ber,
Dredging and dock.
Remarks,
At no time have two thousand men been employed in
the yard. The difference between the highest number of
men employed and the number now engaged is exactly two
hundred. It is the rule never to employ moie men than are
necessary to do the work of the yard, and this rule lias been
rigidly adhered to.
These figures are correct in every particular,
and they prove clearly that the charges made by
those who have such a great antipathy to the
prosperity of our city, arc entirely withoutfound-
ation. The number of men employed in the Phil-
adelphia navy-yard is less than are employed at
Brooklyn, Norfolk, and many other Government
establishments; and yet, J presume, all will admit
that our mechanics and laborers are as competent
to build and repair ships, and are as deserving of
employment as any in the country. Why, in the
face of these conceded facts, are persons contin-
ually endeavoring to keep work from our shops,
vessels from our docks, and wages from our hon-
est and poor workingmen r Such conduct is not
only inexcusable, but is despicably mean, and
should meet with the most decided condemnation.
There was employed at the Philadelphia navy-
yard, on the 26th of November, a month and a
half after the election, one thousand five hundred
and twenty men. Assuming that each one of these
mechanics and laborers supports, directly or indi-
rectly, four other persons, women and children,
or the aged and helpless, and we have a popula-
tion sustained in comfort by this establishment,
of six thousand and eighty souls.
Do these Republican gentlemen and their allies
desire to deprive this great number of people, or
any number, of the means of subsistence? It
•would be hard to believe that they did, and yet
such is the inference to be drawn from their sin-
gular conduct.
The officers in charge of the yard are men of
the very highest professional and personal char-
acter, and command the respect of all who enjoy
their acquaintance. Commodore Stewart's fame
is a part of the history of the country, and forms
one of the brightest pages in it; while Comman-
der Carr is known to all the Navy as a gallant
officer and a polished gentleman. Altogether—in
the character of its officers, in the skill of its me-
chanics, in the industry of its laborers, in the
excellence of its productions, and in its general
appearance—the navy-yard is an honor to Phila-
adelphia, and a credit to our country.
I will take, when the occasion offers, an oppor-
tunity to refer further to this subject.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and to
take occasion to make a statement or two in re-
lation to some remarks submitted by the gentle-
man from Ohio, over the way, [Mr. Sherman,]
the last time he was upon the floor. The gentle-
man fiom Ohio, in his first speech in relation to
this matter, stated that there had been frauds com-
mitted in relation to the agency for the purchase
of coal. I denied that any great fraud had been
practiced upon the Government in the purchase
of anthracite coal recently. The gentleman from
Ohio, over the way, [Mr. Sherman-,] has trav-
eled out of his way to introduce matters here
which, in my judgment, do not bear upon the ques-
tion under consideration at afi; and has given a
view to the testimony taken by the committee on
naval contracts, which I think is not a justor fair
one; and it is to put this matter right that I rise
now to oppose the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
I stated, when I was up before, that coal had
been bought, not only for the domestic consump-
tion of our navy-yards, but for the use of our for-
eign stations, at a lower price during the year
1858 than for many years before. I reiterate that
statement now; and I am prepared to prove it from
the record. What, then, does the gentleman from
Ohio do? He comes forward and says that men
swore they could deliver coal at the yard for
$3 20, at the same time the Government was pay-
ing $3 85. True, sir, they did swear it; but if any
man will take that testimony and read it, and tell
me that he believes they would have actually de-
livered coal of the quality necessary for the Gov-
ernment to use, then I will say that this testimony
has had a very different effect on his mind from
what it has on mine. One gentleman who testi-
fied that he could deliver it for $3 30, tells us that
he never saw this coal; and at the same time it is
in proof by other witnesses that he was selling
his coal, of a probably inferior quality, at from
three dollars and sixty-five cents, to three dollars
and seventy-five cents. That is in proof.
The gentleman from Ohio says that we, on our
part, seem disposed, by the resolution we have
submitted here, to make a scape-goat of poor
Hunter, while we allow other men, high in office,
to go acquitted. Yes, sir, the evidence acquits
others. All we, on our side of the committee,
have done has been to plant ourselves upon the
evidence. The evidence, however, in its proper
construction, does not seem to suit the views
of the gentleman from Ohio. That gentleman,
doubtless, in all this matter, failing to find a charge
legitimatelyresultingfrom theevidence thatwould
suit his party feelings, his prejudices, and his
antipathies, seems determined to strike a blow at
his party opponents, at all hazards. Now, sir,
what is the proof* I know there was a man^who
testified before the committee that he told the
President of the United States this matter had been
settled, and that the profits were to be divided
between two or three parties.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of order.
I dislike very much to interrupt the gentleman in
any course of remark he may see fit to pursue;
but if we are to pass these appropriation bills at
all, the rules must be enforced, and gentlemen
confined in the remarks 'that they make to the
amendment under consideration.
Mr. BOCOCK. Yes, Mr. Chairman, that is
the kind of fairness the gentleman evinces. A
magnanimous man would have made the point of
order on the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] on his own side, who made the charge; and
not, having waited till the charge had been made,
then made the point on mc, while answering it.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 say to the gentleman from
Virginia, that 1 did not hear the charge made by
the gentleman from Ohio. If I had, I should cer-
tainly have made the question of order on him.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I hope the gentle-
man from Virginia will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. KELSEY. I only desired to call attention
to the way in which the time of the House has
been consumed. 1 withdraw my ojection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chan* will state that,
if the committee expect to get tins bill through at
all, it is necessary for gentlemen to confine them-
selves within the rule. The rule is, that debate
having been closed, five minutes shall be allowed
to any gentleman moving an amendment, to ex-
plain his amendment; and five minutes to any
gentleman who shall get the floor to oppose the
amendment. The Chair would admonish gentle-
men to confine themselves to the rule.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will endeavor so fo do. I
want, however, to make a single statement further
in reply to the gentleman from Ohio. I stated
that there were witnesses testifying that several
persons applied lor the coal agency, and that an
agreement was made that, while one should have
the appointment, three of them should divide the
piofits. No witness, however, testified that this
arrangement was made known to the Secretary
of the Navy. There was one of them who said
that he told the President that the matter had
been settled, and that the emoluments of the office
were to be divided amongst the three .parties.
When questioned by me, however, whether he
had mentioned to the President about the division
of the emoluments, he replied that he had not.
When questioned by me, whether the President
had mentioned it to him, he said no; but that the
President understood the emoluments of the office
were to be divided; the fair inference from the
testimony is that he merely inferred from the na-
ture of the conversation that the President under-
stood it. The President did not mention it to him
and he did not mention it to the President. This'
was an agency merely. If the President under-
stood that two gentlemen were to have this agency
and to divide the profits of it, how would the
thing stand ? Mr. Springer, the agent appointed
by Mr. Fillmore, who resided in Philadelphia,- *
stated that it required some'twoor three perSotisp
to perform the duties of that'-agency. THd last*
agent, Mr. Tyson, actually had'a partner in the"*
duties and the profits of the agency.- A mere'
agency, which two or three men can fill, it is not?
an office which only one man can hold. If Gen-
eral Springer is right, u takes two or three merv
to perform the duties of the office. What is thefe*
wrong in those two or three men, located at dif-
ferent points, one performing one part of the du-
ties, and another another, dividing the profits of
the agency, in order to compensate themselves for *
the discharge of their respective portion of those
duties? All we complain of is, that they did not
perform their duties. Yet, sir, the company, to
which they intrusted the matter supplied the
Government with a better quality of coal than it
had been supplied with before.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. To bring the mat-
ter to a point, I wish to know of the gentleman
from Virginia, whether the President of the Uni-
ted States did not know that these parties, Dr.
Hunter and Mr. Smith and Mr. Getz—that Mr.
Getz was an acting editor in Reading, that Mr.
Smith was an omnibus man, and that Dr. Hunter
was a practicing physician, and that neither of
them was connected with the coal business?
Mr. BOCOCK. Dr. Hunter was most strongly
recommended; the recommendations in his favor
are very strong. He had been-connected with'
the iron business; and men in the iron business
ought to be acquainted, more or less, with the
qualities of cQai. What I deny is, that the Pre/si-
dent did understand that Getz was to be connected
with this matter. Getz himself testified that he
did not giention the matter to the President, nor
did the President mention the matter to him. The
President stated to Getz that Glancy Jones wanted
him to appoint Getz, but that Dr. Hunter lived
in Reading, and that he came powerfully recom-
mended,and that he must appoint him.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was' re*
jected.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to move an amendment
in good faith. I move to strike out $3,100,000.
Objection is made to my referring, as a standard
of comparison, to one year of Mr. Fillmore'sad-
ministration. I did not do so as an advocate of
Mr. Fillmore's administration. I have been in
the habit of considering that it was an extrava-
gant Administration, and that the appropriations-
under it would be large enough for anybody. I
wilt now go to our own Democratic Administra-
tion, the model administration of Mr. Polk, of
Tennessee, which will commend itself, I think,
to members upon this side o'f the House. I find
that in the last year of Mr. Polk's administra-
tion, the amount appropriated for this item was
#1,436,000. I find, in the first year of his admin-
istration, the amount appropriated for this item
was $1,050,000. I will not take either of those
amounts; but I will take the amount appropriated*
during the very height of the Mexican war, when
the Gulf Mexico, that gulf which we are told
is to be American, was dotted with transports and
steamers of every kind; when our naval force had
not only to watch the coast, but transport our
armies as well; when our navy-yards and shops
of every kind were working with their full force«
The amount then appropriated was $2,500,000.
That is a good Democratic reference. My mo-
tion, then, is to strike out the appropriation of
this bill, and insert in lieu of it $2,500,000. I
hope my amendment will prevail; and especially
I invoke the aid of those gentlemen who, this
morning, were willing to vote to increase the bur-
dens and taxes of the people sooner than revise
the expenditures.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. When the gentleman
from Ohio first proposed his amendment, cutting
down the amount proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means for repairs, equipment, arma-
ment, &c., of our entire Navy, from over three
million to less than two million dollars, 1 thought
he was applying the prunmg-knife too freely; and
I still think the sum he proposes insufficient to
meet the actual wants of the service, even if prop-
