1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
erly expended. But when I consider the leading
reasons urged in favor of the highest sum by the
chairman of the Ways and Means, and others,
I am driven to the conclusion that we ought to
limit the amount to the very lowest sum which
will enable that branch of service to be kept up,
and perform its necessary duties in time of peace.
The dangers of war are dwelt upon and urged as
a sufficient reastfn for keeping a large force in
commission. We are told that dangers threaten
us in the gulf of Mexico, and of the necessity of
controlling the waters of that gulf at all hazards;
and that things are unsettled in Central and South
America, and a large force may be required in
those waters also. I am unwilling to trust the
present Administration with the slightest power
to use the naval force of the country at its dis-
cretion. We arc now having a most striking ex-
ample of Executive control of the Navy in that
miserable farce and stupendous humbug, the Para-
guay expedition, the wildest scheme of folly and
madness ever conceived and attempted to be ex-
ecuted by any former Administration. A reso-
lution was passed through this and the other
branch of Congress, at the last session, giving
the President the power to make war against
Paraguay, if he thought it advisable to do so, to
avenge some fancied inpult or grievance to our
country or citizens. How such a resolution ever
found its way through a Congress of sane men,
was always a mystery to me; and I am thankful
that I resisted it, and voted against it.
That expedition consisted of a nondescript fleet
of about twenty sail of vessels, sent far towards
the southern end of thiy continent, and nearly a
thousand miles pp the La Plata and Paraguay
rivers, against an interior and diminutive lepub-
lic, occupying a territory smaller than that within
the limits of one of the several of the States of this
Union, and with a population smaller than most
of them, it being estimated at less than four hun-
dred thousand square miles. For what was this
great armada, fitted out atenormous expense, sent
for thousands of miles over the sea to war against
r small, and almost helpless, republic? Was
it to chastise her for fancied wrongs, to act as
prosecuting attorney for the collection of a prob-
ably trumped up claim of private adventurers, of
but few thousand dollars in amount, and at an
expense of eight or ton million dollars? or for
what known and specified purpose was it sent*
Can any gentleman here, or elsewhere, inform
me? It was certainly not to protect the honor or
interest of our country; for neither were attacked
or imperiled by that infant State in that far off
region.- When the slight collision took place be-
tween the Water Witch and the fort, our boat
was not in the known and used channel of the
river, but in water ciaimcd and controlled by
Paraguay alone, where ahe persisted m going
contrary to frequent warnings against her do- i
parture from the acknowledged channel of the !
river. It was not to protect any known and J
clearly violated right of American citizens; for |
we have no certainty even yet that there was an j
encroachment, or an intended encroachment, on 1
the rights of ar\y Ameucan citizen. We sent !
our fleet there in hot huste, on the tx parte, one- 1
sided statement of interested and stiongly pieju- ;
diced parties, and that, too, wuhout any earnest ,
attempt to restore amicable relations b^negotia- j
tionjand we have, I fear, brought upon ourselves ;
the ridicule of all sensible men, and dishonor to .
the nation. :
The President is now before Congress in a |
message, lately sent in, begging for a like unre-!
strained power to act on Central America and 1
Mexico. Sir, before I would let him further be-;
fool and stultify the nation with his small tricks ;j
of pettifogging statesmanship, I would let every j
ship in the Navy rot at our wharves and docks, ;j
We have had quite enough of his doings in that |t
line, and I would not give him a single dollar for ■!
any such purpose. For protecting the honor of >1
the country, and for all the various purposes for ||
which ships-of-war are desirable and proper, 1 :
would open the Treasury with a liberal hand; but ■■
to place them under the control of the Executive, :
with the war power in his hands, in a time of jno- j
found peace, tQ rove along the coast of Central ij'
America, and the whole continent south of us, :|
and lording it over feeble Powers, and probably jj
to get up wars of conquestand annexation, I will j!
not vote him a single farthing. So much for the !]
war argument, which I regret, has been intro-
duced into this debate, for it is out of place, and
quite unnecessary, though the practice is very
common on the most trivial occasions. Changing
and enlarging as our Navy constantly js, by the
substitution of war steamers for sailing vessels,
and the increase of numbers, I do not think that
the amount proposed by the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, will be sufficient for repair,
equipment, armament, &c., for the ensuing year,
even if properly and economically used. But,
with the ambitious views cherished by those who
now control our national policy, the supplies had
better be limited to the smallest amount that will
possibly answer, than to be given freely. The
amount will keep vessels enough in commission
to be at the disposal of such an Executive, and
the Navy Department had better go on under its
restriction, until the restraint of reformatory laws
can be thrown around the navy-yards and all that
appertains to that Department, and the aggressive
policy of the Administration becomes moderated
a little.
Mr. SEWARD. As it is evident we will have
to hold a night session, I propose, with a view of
having a recess, that the committee do now rise.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have Una sug-
gestion to make to the committee. There is a
necessity for a night session for business. The
only question is, whether we shall go on and have
a continuous night session, or whether we shall
take a recess and return again?
Several Members. Let us have a recess.
Mr. SEWARD. If we go on an hour longer,
we will become exhausted. I think it is better
for us to take a recess and come back and do busi-
ness.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative.
The question being on Mr. Garnett's amend-
ment,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Seward were appointed.
Thecommitteedmdecf; and the tellers reported
—ayes 94, nays 18.
No quorum voting, the roll was called,and the
following gentlemen failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Abbott, Bennett, Bilhnghurst, Bishop, Bonham,
Boyee, Bianch, Bavton, Bryan, Burlingame, Bin roughs,
Ca  uthers, Oavanaugh, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clawson,
Clemens, John Cochrane, Cocke rill, Cumins, Coi rung, Cox,
Cragm, Curtis, I):irnrell, Davulsou, l)avi<3 of Indiana,
Dewai t, Dick, Dimnnek, Echo, Edmundaon, Elliott, Eng-
hgh, Kiistis, Fonton, Foley, Gillts, Goodwin, Greenwood,
Grovei. Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B Hall, Hums, Hick-
man, Hill, Hoaul, Jewott, Kelloge, Kilgore, John C. Kun-
kel, Landy. Lawrence, Leach, Maclay, McKihbin, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. MarfhaU, Miller, Moore, Mor-
gan, Oliver A Moise. Niblack, Pendleton, Pettit, Powell,
Redly, Rieaud, ltitcluo, Robbtns, Russell, Scott, Sealing,
Shorter, Sickles, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Ste-
venson, Georjjo T.iyloi, Thayer, Trippc, Wulbridge, Wal-
ton, Ward. Warion, Isiaet Washburn, Watkms", Wood,
Woodson, Augustus R. Wtight, and Zollicoflcr.
The Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Joniiis, of Tennessee, reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had under consideration the Union generally, and
paiticularly the Navy appiopi iation bill, and find-
ing itself without a quorum, had directed the roll
to be called, and the names of the absentees to be
ropoi ted.
One hundred and forty-three members having
answered to their names, the committee resumed
its session.
Mr. KEITT. Is it in order to move that the
Sergeant-at-Armsbe sent for the absentmembers ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The tellers resumed their places.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 72, noes 24.
Ino quorum voting, the roll'was called and the
following gentlemen failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Abbott, Barr, Bennett, Thlhnghurst, Bingham,
Bishop, Bonham, Boyce, Bryan, Burroughs, Caruthers,
Case, Cavariaugh, Chapman, John B. Clark, dawson,
Clemens, Clark B Cochrane, John Cochrane, Cockerill,
Colfax, Cot inns. Cox, Cragtn, James Craig, Burton Craige,
Crawloid, Curtis, DamrelJ, Davidson, Davis of Indiana,
Davn of i\la-vaclnH<'tts, Dewait, Dick, Dimnnek, Durlee,
Edie. Edmundfori. Gihoit. English, Eustis, Fenton, GUlis,
Goodwin, Greenwood. Grover, Lawience W. Hall. Robert
B. Hall, Hams, Hawkins, Hill, Hoard, Floiton, Hughes,
Jewett, Kilgore, Jacob M. Kunkel. John C. Kunkel, Law-
rence, Leach, iMaclay, McKibbin, Humphrey Marshall,
Miller, Moore, Morgan, Oliver A. Morse, Niblack, Pendle-
ton, Pettit, Pike, Powell, Purviance, Reilly, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Robbins, Russell, Scott, Scaring, Shorter, Sickles, William
Smith, Stephens, George Taylor, Thayer, Trippe, Vallan-
digham, Waibrldge, Walton,-Ward, "Warren, Israel Wash-
burn, Watkins, White, Whiteley, Wood, Woodson, Au-
gustus R. Wright, and Zollicoffer. ->
The Speaker resumed the chair, and Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly the Navy appropriation bill, and finding itself
wi thout a qu orum, had caused the roll to be called,
and the names of the absentees to be reported.
During the call,
Mr. HILL stated that he was within hearing of
the call and would have answered, but he thought
it was a vote, and he had paired of with Mr.
Maclay on account of the sickness of the latter.
He also stated that his colleague, Mr. Trippe,
had been compelled to leave the city on account
of important business.
One hundred and thirty-five gentlemen having
answered to their names the committee resumed
its session.
Mr. BLISS. I move that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The question was on the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Garnett,] and the committee was dividing. The
Chair thinks that the motion is not in order while
the committee is dividing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Suppose we
could not obtain a quorum on this vote: does
the Chair hold that the committee could not rise?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not,
till the question is disposed of. A quorum of
gentlemen have answered to their names; and if
gentlemen, for reasons satisfactory to them, will
not vote, the Chair thinks the committee ought to
sit here till a quorum do vote.
The tellers having resumed their places, and
the committee having again divided, they report-
ed—ayes 116, noes 7.
So Mr. Garnett's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLISS. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. KELSEY. Is it in order to move that the
committee take a recess until six o'clock ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The committee refused to rise.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Bocock to Mr. Sher-
man's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. Sherman's amendment was then agreed
to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. With a view of making
arrangements for a night session, 1 move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. BURNETT. We had better go right
ahead.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Let us go on
till five o'clock.
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. I submit to the
members of the committee, that it would be far
better to remain here and finish the bill instead
of taking a i ecess.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will withdraw my
motion; but I hope we shall go on with the bill,
and not have so many speeches.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. I offer the following
amendment, to come at the end of the twenty-
fourth line:
For the enlargement of the quarters for the accommoda-
tion of students at the United States Naval School at An-
napolis, §30,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
that amendment is not in order. It has no rela-
tion to the clause after which the gentleman pro-
poses to insert it.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. Does the Chair de-
cide it out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. Will it be in order
as an amendment to any portion of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not know
all the provisions in the bill. If there is any pro-
vision in the bill on the subject of that school, it
may be in order when the committee reaches that
part of the bill.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to rcduce the ap-
propriation to $508,000 in the following paragraph
of the bill:
u For contingent expenses that may accrue for the fol-
lowing pui poses, namely: Freight and transportation, print-
ing and stationery, advertising in newspapers, boofcs, maps,
models, and drawings, purchase and repair of fire-engmes
and machinery, repairs of and attending to steam-engines
