292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have but ten min-
utes, antl I hope the gentleman wifi not interrupt
me.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I make the point of order
that the latter part of the amendment is not in
consistency with the rules of the House relating
to appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels bound to
sustain tbe point of order made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, so far as the latter clause of
the amendment is concerned.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I will go on,
confining my remarks to the first clause of my
amendment; but I will say I am surprised that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania should, when
there are but ten minutes left for debate, raise a
question of order; t^d I am surprised, further-
aiore, that that clause of the amendment which
seeks,to confine the execution of the bill to its
own terms should be objected to.
The CHAIRMAN. The first clause of the
amendment puts a limitation upon the manner in
which this particular fund was t.o"be employed.
The Chair holds that to be in order. The second
clause was general legislation in relation to In-
dian agents. The Chair holds that not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The bill provides
for an expenditure terminating on the 30th of
June, 1860, and the amendment is to confine the
disbursements of the agents to the period of time
specified in the act itself. But let that pass.
I was going on to state that this system of col-
lecting the Indians upon reserves is different from
the .policy of the Government in past days, but
the icport of the agent to the Secretary of the In-
terior, and the report of the superintendent of
Indian nflaiis, demonstrates that it is a magnifi-
cent policy; and the object of my amendment is
to notify the Indian agents of the policy hereafter
to be pursued in the expenditure of this money,
to notify them that they shall confine themselves
to the appropriation made, and shall not take the
liberty of instituting and operating a system of
expenditure unauthorized by the appropriation
of Congress. I hope the amendment will be
adopted. It seeks only to confine those in charge
of the disbursement of this appropriation to the
terms of the hill itself; and to say to them that
thev shall not incur any liability beyond the period
for "which the bill is passed; and that they shall
incur no liability which the appropriation will not
pay. The object is, that when we come to legis-
late upon this subject again, as we shall in the
next session, wu shall have no deficiency, and no
unauthorized liability to meet, but that we shall
have a clean account of Indian expenditures, so
that we can confine ourselves, then, to the policy
which the wisdom of Congress may determine.
That is the object of the amendment; and it has
no other effect'or purpose. It is to notify these
agents that they must confine themselves to the
pleasure of Congress, as manifested by the legis-
lation of the country.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The latter part
of the amendment, I understand, is withdrawn.
The gentleman from Virginia is mistaken, 1 think,
in the object he desires to accomplish. Wo ap-
propriate money in this act to carry out treaty
stipulations. The treaties with many Indian tribes
regulate the manner in ivhich the money shall be
expended; and ]ust now, at the instance of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] an amend-
ment was adopted, which required the money ap-
propriated in tints bill to be expended in pursuance
of tbe second article of a treaty which was re-
feried to.
J\lr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
will look at the amendment, he will sec that it is
simply a caution to agents not to transcend the
provisions of the law; and 1 ask if it is not ne-
cessary to do that? As modified, the amendment is
of very little consequence to be sure; but I am still
surprised that the gentleman should object to it.
.Mr.-PHELPS, of Missouri. I as'lc foi a di-
vision of the House on the amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messis. Garkeit
and Chaffee were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 73, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
president's message.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the next ques-
tion before the committee was on the resolution
of the-gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,]
in relation to the reference of the President's mes-
sage; upon which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Nichols] was entitled to the floor.
old soldiers' pension bill.
Mr. NICHOLS. I rise, Mr. Chairman, and pro-
pose doing, for the first time in my legislative his-
tory, that which my own judgment hardly ap-
proves. I believe that in six years' service in this
body, I have never made any remarks on a ques-
tion that was notimmediately under consideration
before the House, or before the committee. But
I am constrained to do so at the present juncture,
in consequence of legislation on the part of this
House, within the past few weeks; legislation
which I regard as extraordinary in its character;
legislation which must have a pernicious influ-
ence on the future destinies of the country; and
legislation which involves the highest interests of
the people. My record was fully and clearly made
against it; and inasmuch as the reasons for the
vote of the House on that question were such as
I, in my sober judgment, never conceived, and
which, in rnv judgment, were against the candid
sense of the House, I rise simply for the purpose
of putting my own reasons on record for the course
that I pursued. I need not say that I allude to.
what is called, in familiar language on this floor,
the old soldiers' bill; in other words, the pension
bill, introduced by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Savage,] discussed at the last session
of Congress, and brought up again at this, and
passed—passed, sir, with but one hour's speech
upon it, and a refusal on the part of the majority
to give to those who were conscientiously opposed
to "it, a full opportunity for a discussion of its
merits. I embrace this opportunity to puton rec-
ord my protest against its passage, and the rea-
sons, at length, for my course in regard to it.
Now, sir, this pension bill involves many ques-
tions of peculiar interest to the. American people.
In my judgment, it involves the independence of
the citizen, the dignity of the people; and in its
provisions I find legislation which, in the end,is
to sink the individual character of the citizen,
and destroy in him that feature which declares
his perfect independence. Under the present sys-
tem, the citizens bear the buidens of the Govern-
ment upon their shoulders, carrying them bravely
and manfully. Under the system proposed to be
inaugurated, the citizens who fight the battles of
the country becomc a mere set of placemen, mere
dependents on the gratuity of the country for sup-
port and existence. I start out with these two
points, and invite the attention of the gentlemen
here who have cast their votesfor this measure, to
its effects and consequences. I want their ear. I
wish, sir, to know their objects, and how they
can reconcile it with sound policy to vote as they
have voted ?
If my voice could be heard, and could have any
influence on the question, I would invoke the at-
tention of those who are yet to act upon it before
it becomes a law. I would ask them to pause,
to deliberate, to study carefully, all the interests
involved in it, before they inflict on this country
such a curse as 1 believe this bill is to become.
What is it, sir? Who originated the system ?
In what inteiest and for what causes was the
system inaugurated.5 Let us inquire. Gentlemen
have said here that this is but a tribute of grati-
tude to those old soldiers. They have said that
the war of the Revolution and the policy of those
who served in that war, and who preceded us m
this body, has dictated to U3 the .course that wc
should pursue on this question, and that we were
bound by that precedent. I had occasion, in re-
' sponso to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
: IIi'Rnf.tt,] to draw, the other djy, a hue of dis-
' tinction between the two eases, which I believed
to be just. 1 draw it again. 1 say that the war
; of the Revolution and the action of oar fathers
founded upon that war furnish no precedent to
us for the passage of the hill that has passed this
body. Jt stands out as a single, an isolated case;
j and there is no parallel to it in the legislation of
I the country, from that day to this.. Why it
! should be now brought up and the principle ap-
| plied to cases never contemplated by those who
! passed these old revolutionary acts, is a question
best to be answered by the friends of the bill.
That distinction, as I defined it before, was this:
in the one case it was a people contending for their
independence against a Power to which they owed
allegiance. They were subject to none of the
rules of civilized nations; to none of the laws of
nations; to none of the laws of war; because, if
unfortunate, they were rebels, and their punish-
ment was the halter. But bravely they struggled; ,
successfully they struggled. They achieved their
independence, and they founded, as was supposed,
a Government of equal rights; a Government
which was designed to assert the independence of'
the individual man.against classes, and his power
to control the Government of which he was a
member. But how was* it in the war of 1812 ?
Then you had a nation. Then you had a Gov-
ernment; a Government with capacity to execute
all its contracts made in the prosecution of that
war; a Government which assumed its debts for
the purpose of carrying efj&that war, and which
gave to its soldiers all that it ever stipulated to
give them. It was a contract between the citizen
and the Government. The terms held out by the
Government were assented to by the citizen before
he entered the service of the country. I speak
of it now as a money affair. I speak of it in a
,moneyed sense in this connection; and, I say, in
the first place, that what the Government pledged
itself to, it has carried out, and has redeemed fully
its obligations in every particular.
But now let me sgafc of it in another sense.
Let me throw money <HTt of consideration. I have
listened attentively to gentlemen invoking the pat-
riotism of the country, and talking about its des-
tinies and future prosperity. Let us look at it
for a moment in that point of view. Do you tell
me that, having a Government like this, a free
Government, controlled by the people, with des-
tinies before them such as the men who fought in
the war of 1812 had before them, the patriotism
that dictated their service was measured by the
miserable consideration of dollars and cents? I
say it never was; and, in my judgment, no grosser
insult was ever offered to the brave men who fought,
than the argument that puts their services on any
other consideration than that of their patriotism
and devotion to the freedom and best interests of
the Government.
Why did we pass the pension bill? Let us take
the arguments of its friends. Let us take the rea-
sons assigned by the gentleman who introduced
the bill. The bill, as originally introduced, pro-
vided pensions for certain men who had rendered
services, graduating the amount of the pension to
the rank and pay of the officers, and giving to the
rank and file the pay per month they had while
in service, if they served three months. For what
reason were these pensions to be given ? Why, „
said the distinguished gentleman who introduced
the bill, it is to reward the old soldiers for the pat-
riotism displayed by them, and for the injuries
which they sustained in your service". I give hia
words, sir; I do not wish to misrepresenthim:
" 1. To reward tlic owl soldier for tiie patriotism lie hag
displayed and tlic mUmes sustained in your service.
"2. By the lienor eonfeired upon old use, to encourage
an emulous spmt in [lie boxouir of our youth that will for-
evoi furmsll citizen ^oldieis to meet the. exigencies 01 war,
and thus avoid that most to be (headed ot' all necessities, a
standing army.
" 3. A distribution and expenditure of the public revenue
winch will, toa greater e\te.nt than any other plan, confer
its incidental benefits upon all sections and all classes."
These, Mr. Chairman, are the three luminous
reasons giveft for the passage of this bill. To the
first I address my first inquiry. What is«a pen-
sion? When Dr. Johnson constructed his dic-
tionary, stung1 by certain insults in a notable case,
i lie gave a definition of the word "pensioner"
which I do not mean to adopt, because gentlemen
think then that I was insulting the services
of these old soldiers, and accordingly, as a friend
of the old soldiers, I have referred to "Webster.
What is a pensioner ? He is a dependent; and
the gratuity whieli you confer upon the old sol-
dier by this bill is to destroy his independence as
a man; it strikes his individuality as a citizen; it
characterizes him not as a sovereign, but as a de-
pendent.
Mr. Chairman, I know not what the mass of
these old soldiers want. I live among a numer-
ous class of them; but I say this, that I think it
is insulting to the^e men to make them pension-
ers on this Government, and to class them as mis-
