294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
it must become a law. You must do it, said ho,
or they will place the Government in the hands
of men who will carry out their will. Well, Mr.
Chairman, I just ask you to carry back your
mind to the events of a few years ago, and to see
how strikingly this principle was illustrated. In
1850, you passed the bounty-land act. That .was
to be a* gratuity, and a reward to these men for
their services. Very well; they got that reward.
But, says the gentleman, they now demand
pensions. True, they do; and who, that was in
service here on the 8th of January, 1855, fails to
remember the convention of men who assembled
on the avenue thatday ? Thousands of them were
here, and hundreds of them wore the badge of
" Bladensburg." Many otheri, perhaps, were at
Upper Sandusky, in my own State, where, al-
though five thousand were there, but few fought,
and, I believe, no particular service was done,
because circumstances did not demand it. The
assemblage was composed of militiamen who had
been draughted into the service and had served
for two or three months; and what did they do?
They surrounded our Halls of national legisla-
tion, to go from there to a church in the city, and
there they passed resolutions demanding a fur-
ther grant of bounty lands—demanding it. And
they got it. Your legislators gave it to them. And
you talk to me about toicmdniglegislation. What
next, Mr. Chairman ? What have we seen occur-
ring, a year ago, in a municipal contest in an ad-
joining city? We have sceti a candidate for a
distinguished position in that city invoking the
populace to surround the halls of city legislation
and to demand biead at the public expense, and
asserting the right of people temporarily out of
employment to be fed at the public expense,
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man whether he voted for any of the hills grant-
ing bounty lands ?
Mr. NICHOLS. No, sir; and I never would.
I voted against the bounty land act of 1855, and
I took the responsibility of my vote among the
largest constituency of old soldiers that, perhaps,
exists in the northwest of Oliio, And 1 will stand
now on the course I then pursued. Let me hear
nothing, however, about legislation that is " de-
manded." 1 stand here as a free American Rep-
resentative. I understand well the temuo of my
office. I am sent here to do what, under God and
according to my conscience, I believe to be right
and in accordance with the Constitution of the
United States, and with the laws which should
govern me as a gentleman of honor. No demand
upon me would affect my vote, or change it in fa-
vor of a proposition like this.
Now, sir, there are some tilings v.'hiotl I wish
to say, in connection with this bill, to gentlemen
who a^, generally alluded to as " gentlemen on
the otherside of the House." Who has the charge
ofthis Government in all lis branches ? You. Who
are responsible for it' Yon. 1 am a <!colr/rcd Re-
publican," in a minority here. I have none of the
responsibilities of legislation, except those which
devolve on me as an individual, not recognizing,
perhaps, the binding validity of a caucus arrange-
ment of anypariy. You are a majority here. You
are to carry on this Government, and to engineer
it safely tlnough all the financial shoals and dif-
ficulties that appear to be surrounding it. Arc
you prepared for the responsibility of the act that
you have passed ? I ask" that question because
very many votes in favor of this bill came from
the other side of the House. I dare not allude to
motives, Mr. Chairman; I do not wish to do it. I
d& not wish to be unparliamentary. I find by the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, that last
year you spent $81,000,000, 1 recollect very dis-
tinctly that at the last session of Congress my
colleague [Mr. Sherman, of Ohio] made a very
able and earnest speech against the expenditures
of this Government, and collated numerous ugly
facts. Between you and me, Mr. Chairman, that
speech was a very fatal document to the Democ-
racy in the northern elections this fall.
Mr. GROW. The §81,000,000 does not include
the Post Office deficiency.
Mr. NICHOLS. Well, I will assume that, in
round numbers, the expenditures for the last year
amounted to $§1,000,000. Good heavens, sir, is
not that enough ? And yet I am told that that
docs not include the deficiency for the Post Of-
fice Department for last year,which was sup-
plied in a supplemental appropriation bill, to the
amount of near three million dollars. Now I take
up the report again, and I find that, according to
the best figuring which the Secretary of the
Treasury can make for the present fiscal year,
there must be a deficiency of $4,000,000 in the
ordinary expenses of the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio.' My colleague will
find in that report that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury includes, as a part of the ordinary revenues
of the Government, some fifteen or sixteen mil-
lion dollars, the proceeds of a loan; so that, if
this sum be excluded, that deficiency will be some
twenty million dollars.
Mr. NICHOLS. That is about what T was
going to say. I thank the gentleman for his sug-
gestion. 1'was going on to say that the defici-
ency in the Post Office Department was not in-
cluded in the estimate; and that in that estimate
is included fifteen or sixteen million dollars of the
proceeds of Treasury notes and loans,which make
the real deficiency about twenty million dollars.
Then, again, you have sent your expedition
to Paraguay. What will be the expense of that
expedition ? Can any man tell ? I do not know.
Your Department cannot estimate it. Its cost
will depend upon the contingencies that may
arise there. Does the estimate cover the whole
expense of your Army ? Let three hundred naked
"lavages in Oregon, or Washington, commence
with the tomahawk and scalping knife, carry on
a three months' foray, as they have lepeatedly
within the last three years, and you will have a
deficiency immediately m the Army service of five
or six million dollars. Lias there been a time
within the last five years, that you have not had
to appropriate for deficiencies in that branch of
service, created on accountof contracts for trans-
portation, provisions, and otherwise? Let your
congressional records answer. Sir, they are
fruitful in instruction. Will not the friends of
this pension bill study them?
In the face of this state of the revenue, I ask
the gentlemen on the other side who are friends
of the bill, where they are to get the money to pay
these pensions? How are they going to raise the
amount of these pensions ? Where is the money to
come from? What will the bill cost? That is the
nextsubjectforconsideration. Ihave heard very
many estimates of its cost. The gentleman from
Tennessee who introduced it read in his speech,
delivered at the last session of Congress, the opin-
ions of certain professional gentlemen in which it
is assumed that according to the laws of mortal-
ity, there could not be over twenty thousand per-
sons alive who would be beneficiaries under this
bill. But that, on the part of these professors,
was a" lame and impotent conclusion," for these
gentlemen assume in regard to the sparsely-set-
tled population of the country, facts that apply to
denser populations in older cuuntries. The facil-
ti"S with which the Government has given to
every man to acquire a home, occupy land, and
engage in agricultural pursuits, all vary and
change the general rules as understood and prac-
ticed amongst professional men.
Now, to show how completely all the calcula-
tions of these men "are set at fault, I will refer
gentlemen to the report prepared by Mr. Waldo,
Commissioner of Pensions, in 1855, which shows
that under the forty-acre clause of the bounty-
land act-one hundred and seventeen thousand war-
rants were issued; seventy thousand under the six
month,?' or eighty-acre clause; and the number of
the one hundred and sixty acre warrants is not
reported. It will be a fair approximation to place
the number of one hundred and sixty acre war-
rants at fifteen thousand. Yet, m the face of these
figures, we come down to your pension bill; and
assuming that twenty per cent, of the beneficia-
ries of that bounty land act are dead, what is the
result? Take the basis of your bill, where you
bring in the six weeks' men and pension them,
and add them to the list, and you more than make
up the deficiency in Mr. Waldo's report b.y deaths
which have occurred since that time. What did
the gentleman from Kentucky say the other day?
" I am opposed to the three months' basis," said
he, " because it does not embrace enough men.
I have men in my country who volunteered for
six weeks, and who fought the battle of the
Thames, and who are excluded from the benefits
of this act." Certainly, sir; and I have in the
district which I represent men who were drawn
out by the proclamation of Governor Harrison in
1812 for the relief of Fort Wayne; and who*, at
the end of four weeks, were discharged with cer-
tificates that they were entitled, from the Treas-
ury, to three months' full pay, on account of the
extraordinary service the*y were called on to dis-
charge.
Then take up this bill upon the basis of" every
man engaged in battle." Whatis a battle ? There
are men in Virginia who assembled and fired some
long shots at a British man-of-war. Is that a
battle ? I suppose that Bladensburg was a battle.
While it is true that there were some brave men
in that fight, yet there were many who were not
brave, and are the last men who should get either
pensions or grants of bounty lands. In Massa-
chusetts, in all the New England States, your
history is redolent with examples of robberies of
chickcn-roosts and pig-pens, by the enemy, of
long bowls with four-po^nders, muskets, and
shot-guns, to beat off the invasions of British
ships, boats, &c.; and which although history
does not chronicle many lives lost, yet were not
all such " battles?"
Now, what is a battle? Itwassaid hereinde-
bate, and I do not know how the fact is—I do not
wish to make any invidious comparison or any
'invidious allusion—that down in Alabama some
skirmishes with Indians in that State were mag-
nified into a war, and that bounty lands were is-
sued to those who were engaged in them. Why,
sir, in coses of the suppression of civil dissen-
sion, where, to vindicate the laws of a State sov-
ereignty, men are called out to put down and bring
to order those who were acting in defiance of
them; in all such cases as these,where any shoot-
ing was done, tilers wax a batUe. I have made
a calculation upon that basis. If you take the
actual number of land warrants issued under the
,act of 1850—and recollect that that act adopted
the three months' minimum; if you take that act
and deduct twenty per cent, from it for deaths
occurring since its passage; if you add those who
arc included in this bill and those who since have
acquired the benefits of the act of 1850,1 will teil
gentlemen they will find that this pension bill will
cost the Government §12,500,000 per annum. It
will require that to start it. Every gentleman
can take the basis I have stated, and make the
calculation for himself. For, sir, this law, as I
understand it, carries the law back in its opera-
tion to the commencement of this Congress. If
you get it passed, you will not get it m time, this
session, to appropriate $25,000,000 to carry it into
execution. If it is passed into law, of course it
must be carried out; and at the next session you
will be bound to provide for three years'pension,
which will involve the nice little sum of $37,000,000
and over, to start this system. The records of
this Government show just what this bill is.
How, then, will you raise the money ? How will
you secure this revenue ? You will come in at the
end of a year or two and try to repudiate this
system. You will try to get rid of these old sol-
diers' claims by offering them lands or something
else in commutation, to rid your Government of
bankruptcy, as you scaled and avoided the just
claims of the soldiers of the Revolution.
Mr. Chairman, no wojsc thing was ever done
for the interests of your rising States in the Far
West than the grants to them of public lands for
railroad and other purposes. The prolific, im-
moderate grants to them have been fruitful in evils
on every hand. I stand heie as the Representative
of a State which has had as many lands for public
improvement as any other; and I invoke my col-
| league, who with me represents the least improved
| portions of that State, to answer me, whether he
does not believe that her social condition, the in-
terests of her people, of her finances, would not
have been better subserved by refusing her any
portion of the public land ? What has been the
result? True, some works of benefit, some works
of improvement, some works which commend
themselves to the good sense of the people, have
been undertaken; but as an offset, you nave side
cuts, everywhere debts and corruptions, heavy
taxes, to pay interest upon debts which sound
policy reprehends, and a multitude of improve-
ments which, after the money expended for their
construction, have ever since been dead capital to
the State, which has been indeed trying to get
