THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRES.S, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHTNGTQN, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1859.
New Series' No. 87.
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, because 1
believe it would make the amount less than the
gentleman himself wants. Now, Mr. Chairman,
it it necessary to understand what true economy
means, while We are talking about retrenchment.
True economy consists in this: first to ascertain
what is necessary to be done 
Mr. LETCHER. The Committee of Ways
and Means did that.
Mr. SEWARD. And then to ascertain the
least possible amount by which it can'bedone.
Mr. LETCHER. That is what the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means did.
Mi. SEWARD. Mr. Chairman, I am not dis-
cussing the Committee of Ways and Means. The
Committee of Ways and Means, in my opinion,
have had a great deal more credit in this House
than they are entitled to.
Mr. LETCHER. How about the Brunswick
navy-yard ?
Mr. SEWARD. If the gentleman wants my
candid opinion on that subject, I will tell him.
Mr. LETCHER. Brunswick is not embraced
in this bill at all.
Mr. SEWARD. Then the gentleman was out
of order in asking me the question. Mr. Chair-
man, the appropriations in this bill for the sev-
eral navy-yards are, in my opinion, all much too
small. I am very much surprised, sir, that such
a proposition as has been submitted by the gen-
tleman from Ohio should have been made here at
all, and particularly from that gentleman. I be-
lieve in the employment of proper expenditures
of public money for the purpose of carrying on
the machinery of Government; and I am not go-
ing to be forced into any such miserable system
of economy, on the ground that we are afraid of
raising the revenues. It is a system, the effectof
which would be to dwarf the Government down
to nothing; and I am not going to do it, becausc
some gentleman from the South, who is a crazy
abstractionist, says we will not raise any more
money.
Mr. LETCHER. Why, I had always under-
stood you were the prince of abstractionists.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know where the gen-
tleman gets his information; but wherever it was,
it is like the sources of information that he^Pn-
erally relies upon—very bad.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia frequently stands alone here; and if ho is not
an abstractionist, I do not know who is.
Mr. SEWARD. There is a very great differ-
ence between standing alone upon an abstraction,
and upon a solid, large, liberal principle. I am
always happy when 1 am right, even if I am in
nobody's company but my own; more so than
other gentlemen who choose to be wrong for the
sake of being with the majority. Then, sir, there
is another thing; I never forfeit my own self-
respect by taking the opinion of the Committee
of Ways and Means, or of any other committee,
and allowing them to think for me. I never sur-
render my own independence of opinion. If I
have got to become the slave of somebody for the
sake of being in company, I prefer to be independ-
ent, and stand alone.
Mr. BOCOCK. I want to say just a single
word in regard to the party on tin* side of the
House, which the gentleman calls abstractionists.
Mr. SEWARD. I did not know the gentle-
man belonged to that party.
Mr. BOCOCK. I want just to give the gentle-
man an illustration. When John Randolph—the
distinguished orator of Roanoke—died, his will
was contested, on the ground that he was de-
ranged at the time it was made. A witness was
called to testify on that point. He answered that
he did not know whether Mr. Randolph was de-
ranged at the time he made his will or not; but
•whether he was or not, he had more sense than
anybody else he knew. Now, all I have to say
is, that whether these abstractionists are crazy,
as the gentlaman calls them, or not, they have
got more good sense than anybody else I know,
Mr. SEWARD. I am perfectly willing that
the gentleman from Virginia should associate
87
himself with John Randolph; but I will say this,
that nobody will sustain him in the comparison
he has instituted. [Great laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. M1LLSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, by" adding
$ 1U,000 to the first amount specified.
I wish to submit to the committee the facts upon
this question, and then leave with them the re-
sponsibility of their vote upon the subject. The
gentleman from Ohio proposes, as he says, to lay
up these navy-yards in ordinary. Has the gen-
tleman any right appreciation of what is done in
thoseyards,and what theyare for? Ithinknot. He
makes his proposition because of abuses, and be-
causc of abuses in the Brooklyn navy-yard; and
will confound the innocent with the guilty, and
punish them all alike. What did I say? Pun-
ish them ? He would punish the Government for
the faults of men employed at the Brooklyn navy-
yard. Caqaot the Government reform abuses
without abolishing the subject of abuses? If a
Representative in Congress be corrupt, would tho
gentleman propose, as a remedy, to abolish the
representation of the district which elected him ?
Now, let me say a word in regard to the ap-
propriations in this bill. The amount proposed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to be ap- j
propriated is $1,100,000. Gentlemen are fond of J
making comparisons with the expenditures many
years ago; and I tell the gentleman, that in only I
one year in the last ten, have the expenditures !
been less than a million of dollars, and then the
amount expended was very near a million. Ten
years ago, in 1849, the expenditure for the navy-
yards was $1,441,000; in 1850, $1,996,000; in
1851, $1,623,000; and so on. And only in one year,
1854, was the expenditure less than a million;
it being then $968,000. I tell the gentleman that
the amount proposed in the bill is almost half a
million less than the average expenditure of the
last ten years.
Sir, these expenditures are not a matter of dis-
cretion. The navy-yards are not flower gardens.
Theyare not ornamental establishments. They
are work-shops for the Navy; ybu cannot dis-
pense with them. The Committee of Ways and
Means have already reduced the estimates nearly
a million of dollars, and the gentleman from Ohio
now proposes to close the navy-yards altogether.
Mr. SHERMAN, ofOhio. ThegentliS^ianfrom
Virginia totally misapprehends the nature of my
amendment. It is not to stop work in the navy-
yards at all. The repair of vessels and the ordi-
nary work of the navy-yard will go on as usual.
We have just appropriated $1,000,000, to be ex-
pended in repairs. This billappropriates$700,000,
to complete the sloops now building. That I do
not object to. The amount to be expended on
navy-yards, at any rate, is over two million dol-
lars. My amendment proposes to strike out new
structures, and suspend the work on new struc-
tures now in progress. It seems to me, therefore,
that it is not exactly right to say to the commit-
tee that my amendment strikes out the existence
of the navy-yards.
I know very well that, when this Government
used to appropriate money for the repair of har-
bors on the western lake and rivers, at one time,
when there was a little pressure on the Treasury,
an end was put to all those improvements. Dredge
boats , which were built at great expense, were
solcl at one tenth of their original cost. All I want
is, to stop these new works for a short time, until
we can devise some new system in reference to the I
expenditures in our navy-yards. Then, if it is j
necessary, we can go on with these new improve- j
ments. Our Government has expended some j
twenty-four million dollars within a few years in I
the building $f navy-yards. It seems to me that I
they ought to be nearly completed—as nearly per- j
feet as they can be. Twenty-four million dollars j
have been spent upon eight navy-yaids since 1842. j
They are like the Charleston and New Orleans j
custom-houses—never done. There is trouble in j
our financial affairs, and I want to hold on for one i.
or two years, and see if we cannot introduce some
other system before we undertake to finish therti.
The question was taken upon Mr. MillsonV
amendment; and it was not agreed to. , '
Mr. SICKLES. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, by striking out
all the appropriations for all navy-yards, except
those at Pensaeola, Norfolk, New York, Califor-
nia, and Sackett's Harbor.
I think there is room for retrenchment and
economy in reference to our navy-yard establish-
ments. Retrenchment should be now, as always,
desenminative; and it should especially be s.o at
this time, with reference to navy-yards. Our
economy should not cripple the more important
naval establishments of the country. Theyshould
be kept upon an efficient footing. There never
had been a time when a strong Navy was more
necessary than now. But, sir, it is a truth, that
in this country, with a very small Naty, we have
more navy-yards than the great naval Powers of
the world. We have more navy-yards than either
England or France.
Mr. MILLSON. We have not half the num-
ber that England has. She has eight within the
British Isle.
Mr. SICKLES. I am not speaking of colonial
dock-yards, where occasionally ships-of-war may
undergo repairs, but I am speaking of the great
establishments .for the construction of war ves-
sels; and I repeat the statement with the utmost
respect to the gentleman from Virginia, (and upon
examination he will find that I am correct,) that
we have in this country more dock-yards for the
construction of vessels, than France and England
combined.
Mr. MILLSON. I stated yesterday, in my
remarks, that there were, in the "British Isle alone,
navy-yards at Deptford, Woolwich, Chatham,
Sheerness, Deal, Portsmouth, Davenport, and
Pembroke.
Mr. SICKLES. I think that the difference
between the gentleman and myself will be found
to consist in this: while she has various naval
depots for stores, and perhaps some facilities at
each of them for a certain description of repairs,
still my statement is correct that we have more
navy-yards, complete establishments for the con-
struction of vessels of war, than either France or
England.
Mr. Chairman, my proposition is, that we have
many more than we need; a far greater number
than bears any proper ratio to our small Navy.
I would not go with the gentleman from Ohio, to
make all the navy-yards useless, by putting them
" in ordinary;" but I would dispense with those
that are not absolutely necessary; and I would
apply a portion of the large amount thus saved
towards putting those which are indispensable in
the highest state of efficiency. This is not a pe-
riod when we should cripple our Navy. When we
look to the condition of Mexico, with the navies
of European Powers floating in the neighboring
waters, with hostile purposes; when we look to
Hayti and St. Domingo in a state of revolution;
when we look to the transit routes opened, or
about to be opened, and the obligations we have
assumed and are assuming in our treaties with
Central American Powers, to protect these routes;
when we look to our relations with Spain, which
are approaching a crisis; when we consider the
increasing force required to protect our commerce,
under the new commercial treaties with China
and Japan; when we Took to the disturbed con-
dition of Europe, now marshaling its armies and
putting its navies upon a war footing, for what
issues we know not; I say, sir, when we look at
all these things, great as are the necessities wliich
impose economy and retrenchment upon the
House, yet it should be a discriminating econ-
omy which saves where saving can be made with-
out prejudice, to the interest and the honor of this
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Chairman, I have a word
to offer. I object to the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from New York. I think, sir, that
