296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
the Secretary of the Interior shows the operation
of the bounty land system:
" During the year ending the 30th September last, 13,815
bounty land warrants were issued, requiring 8,034,420 acrcs
of land to satisfy them. This, added to the quantity shown
by my report of last year, makes the whole amount of pub-
Jic lands granted for.miUtary &ecviees up to September 30,
1858,62,739,362 acres. Under the acts of 1847 and 1855,
there are about 74,000 bounty land claims pending in the
office, originally suspended on account of informality, irreg-
ularity, or defective proof. Mauy of these cases are called
up, from time to time, by the parties interested, for reexam-
ination, requiring a large amount of labor and patient in-
vestigation in the disposition of them."]
Mr. FENTON. Mr.Chairman, I am not pressed
with anxiety to discuss the President's message
at this time; I shall occupy the attention of the
committee for a few minutes only, and upon a sub-
ject not therein specially embraced," but scarcely*
less important to the country, in my judgment;
and which seems to excite little, if any less, com-
ment and discussion. I allude, sir, to the pension
bill, which recently passed this House; and my
connection with the subject of pension, in asking
gentlemen to consider and act upon two bills, for
pensioning classes of persons who have been in
the military service of the couolry, is my apology,
if any is required, for occupying a moment in the
discussion of a topic which has passed from this
Hall to the one in the other wing of the Capitol.
The bill of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr
Savage] presented the grave proposition of pen-
sioning those who had been in the military em-
ploy of the United States for service alone. It
was a grave question; because the first time pre-
sented under similar circumstances, and demand-
ing an expenditure of a vast amount of money
and involving consequences as a precedent which
we may not, in the moment of cxcited debate, read-
ily comprehend. The question, however, of pen-
sioning for service, settled in tho affirmative, I
agree with gentlemen who sought to amend the
bill for the purpose, that we shpuld pension for
the least amotfftt of tune that men performed mer-
itorious service in the camp, on the march, or on
the field of battle, and graduate the amount of pay
by the length of time they were in service. The
amount of funds drawn from the public Treasury
under this system should not foioid or prejudice
our favor and support of the scheme, if it is right
in principle and justified by the best policy of en-
lightened legislation; for in this case wo should
and we could find a way to discharge the obliga-
tions however great.
But I did not believe that the House was pre-
pared to indorse the principle—a principle or pol- I
icy—which has no precedent in this or any other j
country, except, partially, in the case of those !
who were in the revolutionary service. Ami this, j
as said by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Love- \
joy,| was a diiforcnt case. It was founded on
considerations that at once removed it from the
ordinary, the cautious, and the wise policy of le-
gislation. It will be recollected that pensions and
half pay to the revolutionary soldiers and officers
were founded upon a promise made by the Con-
tinental Congress at the tune they were in the
service, and, perhaps, as the only means of con-
tinuing them in the service. Yet this promise
was not made until after the credit of the Govern-
ment was entirely gone, its bonds and certificates
had depreciated to $2 50 on the !pl00; there was
no money,nor anything to pay with. Promises
then was all our fathers had trt give; m truth, it
was, as Washington said, the only way to pre-
sent a total dereliction in the public service; it
was to these men the hoped-for pecuniary recom-
pense for their long suffering and sacrifices, of
which the history of mankind present:-! no paral-
lel; it was the price of their blood and of our in-
dependence. Yet this prumur, thi*  conti.u t, was
deferred for fifty years, (then only partially ful-
filled,) for no general act for their relief was
passed until 183*3, and that provided pensions for
six months; loss than half given by this bill to
those in subsequent wars for sixty days, and only
one fourth as much as those who were in a battle
during the war of 1813, or the Indian wars dur-
ing or antecedent to that period—a iminn-
tion, if we were to pass an act giving gratuities
alone for services, at once unfair and unjust.
Tho^Hwho entered the service in the war of
1812 were not expecting a pension for service
simply; they were not promised it; but were prom-
ised pay which they generally received—1 admit
a poor equivalent for their gallantry and patriot-
ism, if this w^s the only consideration in ujfrhold-
ingithe standard of their country, and vindicating
itshonor; but such was not the case, they would
spurn the suggestion. Their reward, the great
reward,-was to be found in the fortresses' they
erected to civil and religious freedom; in the price-
less glory of liberty perpetuated. We, however,
said if they were disabled while in the line of their
duty, that they should be pensioned from the date
of their injuries, or wounds, according to the na-
ture and degree of their disability, to continue dur-
ing life. And this was the practice in cases of
disability down to 1822; when, for unexplained
and, to my judgment, insufficient reasons, the
rule was changed to pension from the completion
of the proofs made by applicants. The substitu-te
I had the honor to offer, and which failed to pass
by one vote, was to remedy this injustice, this
wrong, to those who had a right to expect a ful-
fillment of the contract made with them at the
time they entered the service. There are not more
than three thousand of these veterans left whose
pay has not been carried back to the period of
their injuries, and $1,500,000, at the furthest,
would have satisfied the demand.
These men, and the country, had a just reason
to expect, and ask us, to be just before we were
generous; to carry out our contracts sealed with
their blood, and made sacred by their valor.
Had the bill of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Savage] been framed to embrace only that
class who are dependent or in want, I should
cordially have supported it, appending my sub-
stitute as an amendment, earnestly solicitous that
both propositions should have had the favor and
concurrent action of the House. The old soldier
will not doubt my fidelity to his interests—nor
my eagerness to do whatever he may command,
in harmony with our engagements to him, the
principles of justice, and the policy of prudent
and wise legislation. None will accuse me of
indifference to-thc services and heroism and sac-
rifice of all those who were m the struggle of 1812,
and in the Indian wars; we owe them a debt of
gratitude; we should honor them living, care for
their wants m middle life, their infirmities in old
age, and revero their memories when dead. So
we should be thankful, and exhibit an appreciat-
ing gratitude to those who were in still later
wars—the Florida campaign, the frontier Indian
wars, and m the Mexican war.
And how, allow me to ask, are we to refuse
gratuities to all tins class when, a few years here-
after, they ask it at our hands ? Will you say
this policy was established for the persons em-
braced in this bill only ? In vain would you urge
such argument; in vain would you point to the
twelve or fifteen million dollars annually drawn
from the Treasury by this act; you would stand
like the maiden urging h"r virtue, yet yielding to
embrace when virtue could not well be made a
test. And what Govern men t couid stand up under
such a wide-spread and general pension system,
to be extended, if our country is so unfortunate
us to be engaged jn future wars—throughout the
period of our Republic? It would more than ex-
haust our most abundant resources; more than
this, and worse: it would beget a spirit of war—
if it be possible to allure a people like ours by the
hope of Government gratuities and bounties—
which is ever the curse and ofttimcs fatal to re-
publics.
I make no attack upon the motives of gentle-
men; the supposed popularity of the measure
should not, and very likely did not, influence
th( ir action; but I feel assured if the bill could
come back to this Hall, it would meet a defeat as
overwhelming as its success, a few days since,was
remaikable, and the f-'uh-stirutc tiiat I then urged
J would be cheerfully accepted. The occasion is
. not opportune for extended lemaiks m fuither
' explanation or s'i^)ort or* my measure; but at .
j the first moment that it ran be fiuily brought ho-
■ fore the House, 1 shall vindicate its claims upon ;
j yofir attention, and urge its humane purposes, i
! The lesoiutuns and mstiactions, now upon your i
! table, from several ot the State Legislatures, call !
us to its support; and the lotfermg'suips of those 1
aged ard infirm veterans appeal to us m arguments
moie eloquent than any language of mine; and I
cannot believe Representatives will forego an-
other opportunity to carry out our engagement,
and do thertf*justice. It is the duty of Govern-
ment to carry out its contracts with all, espe-
cially with those who have entered its service in
the hour of her peril; it should, moreover, be the
pride of a people reaping the reward of the pat-
riotism and valor of those who def<#teded their
honor and /lag and preserved their heritage by
heroic deeds, to provide for their independence
from want in the decrepitude of age. And yet,
I will not believe that the patriotism of our people
requires even this to impel them to defend their
homes and firesides, and the free institutions of
these United States, handed down as a legacy by
the fathers.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA, ETC.
Mr. ANDERSON. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
submit to this House and the country a few brief
observations on some of the subjects presented to
our consideration m the mpssage of the Presi-
dent of the United States; and* without any pre-
liminary remarks, I approach (I confess not with-
out some hesitation) the discussion of our foreign
relations; regarding them, at this juncture of time,
of more serious concern and magnitude to the
American people than any other subjects em-
braced in that great State paper—a more able and
lucid exposition of our internal affairs and foreign
relations than any message that has preceded it
within the last quarter of a century.
The American people have been very wisely
j and properly taught to regard war as a great and
terrible evil, devastating the moral and material
elements of a nation's greatness; one that should
never be incurred until the absolute safety and
honor of our country imposes upon us the direful
necessity. Our statesmen and diplomatists have,
from the very foundation of our Government,
sought in every honorable way to avert so dread-
ful a calamity. Our Government, acting upon this
noble and humane principle, have peaceably sub-
mitted, for nearly the last half century, with, per-
haps, one exception, to outrage after outiage, to
insult after insult, upon sea and by land, rather
than resort to the ultimatum of breaking the lance
with any of the nations of the world. The result
of this amiable but hazardous policy on our part
has been to bring the flag of our country into dis-
respect and subject our citizens to wrongs and
injuries, which, if gathered up and presented at
one view to the vision of the American people,
would arouse a spirit of irrfiprossiblo indignation.
The result of this policy has been to authorize
not only the great, but even the smallest, nations
of the globe to insult our flag, trample upon our
national and private rights, and (as they had
reason to expect) go unpunished.
Sfr, 1 think it is high time (unless we intend to
continue our permission to the nations of the
earth to treat us as they please) for us boldly arvl
firmly to assert our rights, and sternly maintain
and rigidly enforce them.
We are told by the President, in his message,
that our relations with Spain remain in an unsat-
isfactory condition. In December, 1857, the Pres-
ident informed 6s that our Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary to Madrid had asked
for his recall; and that it was his purpose to send
out a new Minister to that Court, with special in-
structions on all questions pending between the
two Governments, and with a determination to
have them spcediiy and amicably adjusted, if that
were possible. This purpose,'* he says, " has
been hitherto defeated" by causes which he does
not enumerate. What these causes were, I do not
pretend to know with absolute certainty. 1 take
it for granted, however, that they were sufficient
to jasuiy the delay.
: Wc a;e now advised that a distinguished gen-
I tlcman of Kentucky iias had confided to him this
! dchoato unJ impoiiant mission, which, it is to be
' hop<_d,v/j;i speedily result in that reparation which
, the dignity and honor of our country and the
I rights of our citizens demand. Hut, sir, 1 greatly
| fear that if will terminate, as other negotiations
! have heretofore done, with a remote prospect of
an ultimate adjustment, to be effected by future di-
i plomacy, thereafter to be renewed. Sir, it is my
1 opinion, anu 1 think that 1 am sustained by the
j public sentiment of the country, that the tieatment
! received by us from the Government of Spam is of
j a modt aggravated and totally unjustifiable char-
! acter, and that wc ought not thus long to have sub-
i mi tied to it. What violation of national rights has
J she not perpetuited ? Again and a?,am has she
i outraged our national flag"5, treated with contempt
