298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 10,
or'prevent their recurrence. We are, then, upon
the borders of a Republic with which we have
heretofore formed business and commercial rela-
tions, under the solemn sanctions of atreaty;and
now, in the execution of these guarantees, we find
no adequate protection for either person or prop-
erty. Are we to remain in this humiliating con-
dition ? Are our citizens thus to be treated, and
we tamely submit to it? The American people
will soon answer this question, if their agents
will not. If their Government is inadequate to
the protection of its honor and dignity, and the
personal and private rights of its citizens, arising
either from an excess of timidity bordering o'n
cowardice, or from fear of the accumulation of a
public debt, or from any other cause, the sooner
thecountry is advised of it the better. IfCongress
will not strengthen the hand of the executive de-
partment of the Government, then the people must
exert that omnipotent will which alone belongs
to them.
I hear gentlemen frequently speaking of a "bold
policy "on the part of the Executive towards these
Governments. Let me say to these gentlemen that
this clamor for a " bold policy "is but sheer non-
sense.'Under our system of government the Pres-
ident has no power to inaugurate a" bold policy."
The bolder his demands may be, the greater is
the exposure of his impotency to enforce them,
and the greater the ridicule to which our Govern-
ment is subjected. With other Governments, sir,
there may be a " bold policy" with the Ministry,
for the power to enforce is coequal with the power
to demand; but the President of the United States
is powerless to resent insult or redress national
wrong. And, sir, the responsibity for the present
melancholy condition of our foreign affairs rests
not upon the Fedeial Executive, but upon the
Congress of the nation. This fact, sir, I wish to
go to the country. I wish the people to under-
stand and appreciate it, whether this House will
or not. Upon us tests the entirQ responsibility
for the present humiliating attitude of the Ameri-
can Government, however much others may prate
of a "bold policy" on the part of the Execu-
tive. And upon us, sir, it will rest, until wo arm
the Executive with the " sinews of war."
Sir, the people of this great nation have,within
the last few years, seen their flag insulted, their
citizens imprisoned, and the rights and property
of their people trampled upon by almost all the
nations of the earth. England lias visited and
searched our vessels with impunity; Prussia has
impressed our naturalized citizens, and compelled
them to $erve in her armies; Paraguay has in-
sulted our flag, and added injury to insult, and
laughed at our demnnd for reparation; Nicaragua
and Costa Rica have taunted lis with insults and
reproaches; and now the weak and impudent,
priest-ridden and unjust Republic of Mexico
treats with scorn and contempt our efforts to ob-
tain rediessfor the glaring wrongs that have been
perpetrated upon our citizens. What are we to
do? is the question now propounded to every
statesman. Must we still wait? Are we yet,
longer to submit to iusults and indignities? Will
forbearance never cease to be a'virtue ? Are we
to be trampled upon by every little potty Power
upon this continent, end insulted by those of Eu-
rope? Are we quietly to see our citizens robbed
in sight of our doors; " loans" forced from them
in violation of existing treaties ?
Mr. Chairman, the people of this great Repub-
licare becoming restiveandmdignantatthis pusil-
lanimous policy; our Government, owing to the
" masterly inactivity" of Congress, is too tardy
in redressing our wrongs; we want a greater de-
gree of firmness, promptness, and efficiency. Let
us arm the President with ample power for the
protection of the public honor and interest. I am
satisfied that Mr. Buchanan possesses, in An em-
inent degree, all the requisite traits of character
necessary to enhance the respect due to our flag
and secure protection to all our rights. Wo have
now no minister in Mexico. Mr. Forysth has
withdrawn with the consent of ourGovernmcnt,
and very properly, after the treatment lie had re-
ceived at the hands of the Mexican authorities.
Americans there are without even the shadow of
protection, witnessing the violation of their per-
sonal and private rights almost every day. Sir,
ought this Government, to hesitate a moment as
to the policy demanded by the honor and integ-
rity of the nation ? I would not advise that we
should make an immediate declaration of war
upon Mexico, weak, imbecile, and distracted as
she is; but I would, without a moment's hesita-
tion, arm the Executive branch of the Govern-
ment with ample power to take immediate posses-
sion of sufficient Mexican territory to indemnify
us for injuries unredressed, and demands unsatis-
fied. Let that territory be along our southern
border, whereby we can protect the Territory of
Arizona from lawless Mexicans and wandering
tribes of thieving savages, thereby accomplishing
two very important results.
Our relations with Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and
New Granada, also demand the deliberate con-
sideration and action of this Congress. The nar-
row isthmus of Central America, through which
transit routes pass between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific oceans, is a subject of deep and momentous
importance to this Republic. " It is," says the
President, " over these transits, that a large pro-
portion of this trade and travel between the Eu-
ropean and Asiatic continents is destined to pass."
The importance and magnitude of this route, to
the people of the United States, is almost beyond
computation. It must be admitted, as the un-
questionable duty of this Goverment, to hawe
this inter-oceanic route not only kept open, but
see " that no interruption occurs in it by*the in-
terference of any of the Republics of Central
America, or by the conflicting interests of rival
companies." It is an immunity belonging to the
nations of the world, which Nicaragua has no
right to refuse. The transit for the travel and
commerce of the greatest nations of the world is
surely not, in this enlightened day, to bo inter-
rupted, much less prohibited, by any other nation,
because the transit necessarily passes through
hoi- territory. The President informs us, " that
since February, 185G, it has remained closed, to
the great prejudice of the citizens of the United
Mlnles. That a treSty was signed on the 18th day
 f November, 1857, by the Secretary of State and
Mmisti'i of Nicaragua, under the stipulations of
which the use and protect ion of the transit would
have been secured, not only to the United States,-
but equally to all other nations." This treaty
failed to receive the ratification of the Nicaia-
guan Government, in consequence, it is said, of
a very important and necessary stipulation, which
authorized the United States " to employ force to
keep the route open, in case Nicaragua should
fail to perform her duty in this respect." With-
out this stipulation in the treaty, it is evident that
it would have been of but little benefit, and the
route not only liable to be interrupted by the
Government and citizens of Nicaragua, but in ad-
dition thereto, the citizens of the United States,
in passing and repassing to and from our Pacific
possessions, would be subject to continual dan-
ger and wrongs. In the event of a war with
other nations, this transit, of such vital import-
ance to the defense and safety of our immense
possessions on the Pacific, might be closed, un-
less we have it secured to us in some way, by
treaty or otherwise.
The Executive Government, in its intercourse
with foreign nations, being limited to thecmploy-
nrentof diplomacy alone, callsupon us for author-
ity " to employ the land and naval forces of the
United States m preventing the transit from be-
ing obstructed or closed by lawless violence, and
in protecting the lives and property of American
citizens traveling thereupon;"and he also asks for
similar authority for the protection of the Pana-
ma and Tehuantepec roiftes. I apprehend that it
is useless for me to urge upon this House the ne-
cessity of a speedy response to this demand; for
surely the representatives of no poition of the
American people will hesitate a moment to confer
upon the President a power so proper and neces-
sary to the protection of thegreat interests of this
nation; and it is to be hoped that the President
will not delay a niomcnt% the energetic execution
of it. "
Mr. Chairman, there are other great questions
growing out of our foreign relations that ought to
be defined, and distinctly and unequivocally set-
tled. How far and to what extent do we intend
to permit other nations to interfere with the Gov-
ernments of Central America is a matter of vast
moment and anxious solicitude to the country;
one in reference to which the representatives of
the people, the guardians of their honor and in-
terest, ought to express a decided opinion.
The Clayton-Bulwer treaty, it was supposed,
at the time of its ratification, settled definitively
this great question; but the result has shown that
it only involved our country in greater complica-
tions and difficulties. England, by her interpre-
tation of the terms of that treaty, has assumed
powers and perpetrated acts in direct opposition
to the American construction of it. That treaty,
according to its plain import, binds the parties
neither to occupy, fortify, colonize, assume, nor
exercise any dominion over Nicaragua, Costa
Rica, the Musquito coast, or any part of Central
America; and yet, with this existing treaty, the '
British Government takes possession of San Juan
Del Norte, seizes the Bay Islands, and assumes
a protectorate over Nicaragua. Our Government
has complained of this palpable violation of the
treaty, but England still insists that she has com-
mitted 110 act that this treaty does not justify.
We are recently told,however, that she promises,
at some future time, to relinquish her protectorate
over Central America, and our Government is
passive. She has to-day a police established in
the ports of that country; and boldly and impu-
dently avows that her fleet is there for the pro-
tection of Nicaragua against the fillibusters; and
for the accomplishment of that purpose she not
only assumes, but exercises, the right to visit and
search American vessels. If she can guaranty
protection to the Government of Nicaraguaagainst
fillibusters, she may, with equal right and pro-
priety, guaranty protection to her against all the
rest of mankind. This treaty imposes upon us
restrictions that we ought, m my opinion, to throw
off. Whilst England reserves to herself the right
of extending her possessions, and.colonizing, and
exercising dominion, wherever she thinks her
interest requires, and her ability assures it, over
any of the Governments or territories of her own
continent, she steps across the ocean and in-
veigles our Government into a treaty by which
we tie our hands, in all time to come, if we permit
it to stand. And no matter what circumstances
may arise, wc, upon our own continent, at the
very door of Centra! America, are not to occupy,
I] colonize, assume, or exercise any dominion over,
;! any portion of that country. Sir, although the
time may never come when it will be right and
proper for us to do so, that is no reason why wc
should surrender to England such a privilege.
Sir, our true and. manly policy is to annul the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty, and throw ourselves back
on our original rights, and defiantly assert and
boldly maintain the Monroe doctrine, the true
meaning and import of which is, that no foreign
Power shall be permitted to interfere with any of
the Governments on this continent; they shall
neither occupy, colonize, assume, nor exercise
any dominion over them. Let the nations of the
Old World confine their operations to their own
continent, and the territory they actually own on
this. Let England exhibit her insolence and med-
dlesome propensities elsewhere. If her rapacious
maw is not yet satisfied with territorial acquisi-
tions, let her push her conquests still further into
Asia, or colonize Africa, which ought certainly
to be very agreeable to her, if we may judge from
the tender solicitude she evinces for the welfare
of the negro.
Mr. Chairman, why should not this Govern-
ment at once boldly and unequivocally proclaim
to the world the doctrines that we in future mean
to maintain in regard to Central America and
the search and visitation of our vessels? Why
all this diplomacy on these great questions ? We
surely know what duty, right, and patriotism,
demand of us. Let us then act as becomes a
great nation, in reference to these vital questions.
Let us require our flag to be respected by all na-
tions; let it be a passport and a shield to American
citizens on every sea; let its ample folds protect
them on every spot of God's habitable earth; let
us interdict, other nations from ever interfering
in the affairs of Central America; let us not only
assert these doctrines, but maintain them at all
hazards.
Sir, is it not a humiliating spectacle for the
people of this great Republic to witness the fleet
of England hovering around the ports of Nicara-
gua, and asserting that her purpose is to prevent
Americans, who have chosen to expatriate them-
selves and unite their destiny with another peo-
ple—or American citizens, if you choose—from
landing upon the soil of Nicaragua? Is it not a
