1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
all we started out to accomplish in making this
call. ["Oh, no!"] Do gentlemen suppose that
any further business can be transacted to-night?
No good will be done by proceeding further in
this call. We-bave made a record of those who
have absented themselves, and prevented the busi-
ness of the country from being transacted. I
move, therefore—as we have accomplished every-
thing that can be accomplished by this call—that
the House do now [five minutes before eight p.
m.] adjourn.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I simply wish to say, in
reply to the remarks of my friend from Missis-
sippi, that it seems to me we have accomplished
nothing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What do
we accomplish ? When members are brought
here by the Sergeant-at-Arms, they are all ex-
cused, on the payment of costs; and we all know
that these costs are never exacted, and that it
amounts, literally, to nothing. 
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I take it that, if the law is
to be observed at all, these men are legally bound
to pay costs. We have mulcted them in costs;
and it would be unfair to them if we did not also
impose costs on those that have not yet been
brought in. I am for dealing with all alike. If
we suspend these proceedings now, then we have
been engaged in a farce from the beginning; and
I will never again attempt, by my vote or voice,
to bring a single man hero who neglects to per-
form his duty to the country.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; arid it was not agreed to; there being, on
division—ayes 48, noes 54.
Mr. SEWARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. FosTERand
Lamar were appointed.
The House dividet
ivided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 46, noes 57.
So the motion wag disagreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I suggest to the House that
we should take up the President's message, and
allow gentlemen to make five-minute speeches
upon it, while we are waiting for the Sergeant-
at-Arms to bring in the absentees. We might
economize time by doing so, as we should not
have so many speeches when we went into the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I object to
any five-minute speeches. If we had had less
speaking to-day, wo should have done more busi-
ness, and should not be at this dead lock now.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that all further pro-
ceedings, under the call, be dispensed with.
Mr. BLISS. 1 wish to make an inquiry of the
Chair. I observe that the geytleman from Iowa
[Mr- Curtis] has been voting and addressing the
Chair since he came into the Hall with me. I
wish to inquire if it is in order for a person who
is in custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms to partici-
pate in our proceedings ? I will state in this con-
nection that'the gentlqman came in, under arrest,
nt the same time I did. Now, as a great Jeffer-
sonian, I believe in equal and exact justice to all
men. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Upon inquiry the Chair
learns that by an oversight the Sergeant-at-Arms
did not include the gentleman from Iowa in his
return to the Chair.
Mr. BLISS. I hope the Sergeant-at-Arms will
be permuted to amend his return.
Several Members. He is not here.
Mr. LEITtiR. Would it be in order to move
that the gentleman from Iowa be arraigned ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it would
be, unless the. gentleman from Iowa should re-
quire the production of the return.
Mr. BLISS. I presume he will not be techni-
cal. [Laughter.]
Mr. CURTIS. I understand that I have not
been reported as absent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not been
reported as underarrest, by the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. CURTIS. And 1 do not propose to place
myself under arrest.
Mr. BLISS. I believe it is a principle of law,
that what ought to be done is to be considered as
done.
Mr. CURTIS. I came in by the front door,
and without any coercion. I understand that I
am not marked as among the absentees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will settle the
matter, when the motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Winslow] shall have been
disposed of.
Mr. OTERO. I hope we shall take up terri-
torial business now. [Laughter.] Notaday,not
even an hour, has been assigned for that busi-
ness; and I do not think there will be a better
opportunity for considering it than the present.
Mr. KELSEY. Let us first dispose of the
case of the gentleman from Iowa. I move that
he be fined #10,000. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask for a vote on my mo-
tion to dispense with all further proceedings un-
der the call. I want to go on with business. If the
motion prevails, lam willing to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken on Mr.Winslow's mo-
tion, and it was disagreed to—ayes 41, noes 58.
Mr. BLISS. I suppose' the question now re-
curs on the case of the gentleman from Iowa. I
bring it up in no malice to him; but inasmuch as
he is the only military man upon this floor that
I know as belonging to the Republican party, I
think he should not endeavor to shirk the proper
discipline of the House; and I desire to have his
case disposed of.
Mr. CURTIS. I have made all the explana-
tion that I believe to be necessary. As to my
being the only military man on this side of the
House, I believe three fourths of this Congress
are colonels or captains. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLISS. I mean in the regular service.
There are plenty of corn-stalk military men hero,
1 am aware. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. CURTIS. I came to the door and learned
from the Sergeant-at-Arms that I was not marked
as absent, and I came in without being arrested.
Mr. BLISS. I would inquire whether the Ser-
geant-at-Arms has not been guilty of a breach of
his duty in not reporting the gentleman from
Iowa ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
does not appear to have been reported as among
the absentees.
Mr. POTTER. Would it be in order to move
that the gentleman from Iowa be sworn in again?
[Laughter.]
Mr. ABBOTT. I perceive that it is the pleas-
ure of a majority of tho House to remain here, I
do not know how long; perhaps all night. My
pleasure does not seem to square with that of the
majority in that respect. I think lean devote
my time and talents to a better purpose, and, in
consequence of my old age and infirmity, I ask
that I may be excused from attendance here any
longer to-night, and that the doors maybe opened
so that I can get out.
Mr. BLISS. The gentleman from Maine is
our file leader. I really hope he will withdraw
his request.
Mr. MASON. I move that the House adjourn.
Upon a division, there were—ayes 48, noes 53.
Mr. WINSLOW called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Foster and
Lamar were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 5], noes 61.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. GARTRELL.. It is very evident that
nothing in the shape of business can be done here
to-night. Now, I submit this question to the Chair;
whether, having dispatched the Sergeant-at-Arms
after the absentees, it is necessary to remain here
and wait for him to bring them in ? May we not
take a recess until ten o'clock to-morrow morn-
ing, and then let him bring the absentees here to
make their excuses ?
Mr. NICHOLS. That is against the standing
order of the House, and I object.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I think we could very well
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union now, and do some business to-night.
I move that all further proceedings under the call
be dispensed with.
Mr. GARTRELL. Do I understand the Chair
to rule my proposition not to be in order?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order.
Mr. GARTRELL. I should like very much
to hear the reason why it is not in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion to take a recess
is not one contemplated by the rules at all. It
would be in order to move to suspend the rules to
make a motion, if the House were not acting under
a call; but that cannot be done without first dis-
pensing with the call.
i Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If we wait a lit-
! tie while other members will be here, and there
1 will be no difficulty about having a quorum, and
we can go to the transaction of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is idle to
think of doing any business to-night, and I there-
fore move that the House adjourn.
Mr. COLFAX. We might as well have the
yeas and nays on that motion. It will be re-
peated, and we may as well now make the record.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 66, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Andrews, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Burnett, Burns, Caskie,
Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane, James Craig, Davis of Iowa,
Dodd, Edmundson, Fenton, Florence, Garnett, Gilmer,
Granger, Greenwood, Gregg, Hawkins, Hodges, Hopkins,
Horton, Jewett, George VV. Jones, Kelsey, ICnapp, Jacob
M. Kuiikfi, Landy, Letcher. Maclay, Humphrey Marshall,
Mason, Mattcson, Millson, Olm, Peyton, Phillips, Potter,
Powell, Ready, Reagan, Robbms, Roberts, Royce, Kusseli,
Savage, Scales, Searinc, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, John
Sherman, Jtidson W. Sherman,Sickles, Samaei A. Smith,
Vance, EHihu B. Washbutne, White, Wilson, Winslow,
and John V. Wright—66.
NAYS—Messre. Adrain, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Bliss,
Bonliam, Brayton, Btyan, Buffinton, Butlingatne, Chaffee,
Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Colfax, Coinms, Burton
Craige, "Curry, Curtis, Davis of Massachusetts, Dean, Dur-
fee, Faulkner, Foley, Foster, Gartrell, Groesbeck, Haskin,
Houston, Howard, Owen Jones, Keim, Lamar, Leiter, Mc-
Queen, Maynard, Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Moi ris, Mott,
Murray, Niblaek, Nichols, Parker, Pendleton, Pettit, John
S. Phelps, William W. Phelps. Pike, Pottle, Purviance,
Rufiin, Scott, Wiliiam Smith, Spinner, Stall worth, Stanton,
James A. Stewart, Tappan, Tompkins, Vallandigham,
Wade, Walton, and Wortendyke—64.
Pending the above call,
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar, and
announced that he had in custody, under the order
of the House, Messrs. Miles, Cavanacgh, and
Kunkel of Pennsylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that, as it was evident
no business could be done, he felt it to be his duty
to the House and himself to vote in the affirmative.
Mr. CAVANAUGH stated that he left the
Hall unwell, with the request to his colleague to
send for him if there were any votes on the pend-
ing Navy bill. Illness alone detained him from
the House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, stated that he
had not heard the name of his colleague called.
The vote was then announced as above.
And thereupon (at eight o'clock and thirty-five
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Satordat, February 26, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, the report, by Captain J. H. Simpson, of
a reconnoissance of the wagon-road routes from
Bridger's Pass to City Rocks, in the Territory of
Utah,prepared under instructions from the officer
commanding the department of Utah; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
He also presented a letter of the Mayor of
Washington, communicating a copy of a joint
resolution of the City Councils, protesting against
the passage of the bill now before Congress, con-
ferring additional privileges on the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
E. GEORGE SQUIER.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the Senate now to take
up and pass the bill (S. No. 587) for the relief of
E. George Squier. It has already been discussed
and debated in the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will not be taken
up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consjder the bill indicated by him. The
usual course is to allow petitions and reports to
be presented first. The Chair will suggest that
they can be gone through with in a very few mo-
ments.
Mr. DIXON. Very well. I yield for that pur-
pose.
