1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
uncommon ability and thoroughness,and its ver-
dict has been rendered against the Douglas-Cass
doctrines of tcriitorial sovereignty. The general
power of Congress over the Territories is scarcely
denied anywhere to-day. The Dred Scott opinion
affirms it, but maintains that it is limited and re-
strained in the single case of slavery by the Fed-
eral Constitution, by virtue of which that system
is guarantied and protected in all the Territories
of the United States. This is now the received
doctrine of the slave Democracy. The Supreme
Court of the United States had, in previous de-
cisions, declared that the power of Congress was
plenary and unlimited; and such had beenthecon-
struction by all departments of the Government,
by all statesmen and lawyers, down to 1847 or
1848, when the dogma of squatter or popular
sovereignty, was fished up by General Cass in his
pursuit under difficulties of a presidential nomin-
ation. And it is not unworthy of remark that all
the politicians who have undertaken to engineer
this heresy—Cass, Douglas, and the rest—have
been 44 hoist with their own petard," and their
broken remains are scattered over all quarters of
the count! y; then* bones, if I may bonow an cx-
piession not unfamiliar in this House, are " now
bleaching" on the sea-side and the lake shore, on
mountain and prairie, from Maine to Kansas—to
which I will respectfully add, long may they
bleach 1 [Laughter.] There are not now so many
men in this country as would fill an omnibus who
deny the authority of Congress to legislate for
tlie Territories, subject, of coursc, to the Con-
stitutionjjf the Tinned States; and the Republic-
ans maintain that there is nothing in that instru-
ment to forbid legislation upon the question of
fshiveiy. The}7- have ever denounced the squat-
ter-sovereignty doctrine as a heresy and a swin-
dle, and upon grounds the most slab to and satis-
factory. The Republican theory, as I understand
it, is, that the Constitution has vested in Congress
original and plenary power over the Territories;
that it is bound to exercise this power for the ad-
vantage of the Territories ana for the general
welfare; and that, as a matter of convenience and
expediency, it is well and proper to commit to
the people of the T^rritonos the privilege of
making their own lavs On all subjects m which
they are (done concerned; in othe£ words, that
in these cases Congress should make the laws
through till' agency of the Territorial Legislatures;
but that upon questions which interest the peo-
ple of the whole country, and where wrong or un-
wise legislation wouUl affect injuriously the peo-
ple of the States, who are the proprietors of the
Territories, t'.ieie the appointed organ of the pro-
ps ietors, the Congress of the United States, should
legislate directly thereon; otherwise the sover-
eignty of the people of the United States would
be"laid at the feei/of the intcrlopeis and squatters
who might take themselves, perhaps, to escape
from the hands of justice, beyond the limits of
the States. And it has been uniformly held by the
Repub!,p;m party—and by all parties down to
1P47—that the que^ion whether slavery should
occupy our new Territories, was one of such gen-
eral jnrerest and importance that it should he re-
served for the action of Congress. The Repub-
lican party affirms what, has been well stated by
Jlon. Caleb Cushing, that{< negro servitude is
a deadly blight upon the social and economical
onndition of a country, weighing down its pros-
e.i rruptmg the morals of its people of
i'V, ry class una color, and condemning it to
loag f iiduMnco of public evls." Hence it fol-
1 ->ws, logically and irresistibly, that whenever the
n;< mb :rs of j ar:y hove the power to inhibit
u, it is thi lr dut-y to eX'".i <se that power. Con-
oi.<-n kt-Op it bom a Territory if lt.v/iU pass
'an lor us exehiMon; <md from the State to be
(I out (if Mich 'er: <'f■ rv, for m tjo commu-
i -vtr-.nn which t eiy is excluded t ill U becomes
a ' «r!ai.., will h i be sub.vqufu iy ( Established.
U iw h.tid that liyth-' Do'd Seott dueiemn the
; ower of Congre-v; to prohibit slavery is denied .*
t answr, tiieie is no decision; the opinions
of the slave-holding judgt s upon this point were
nviv f:',ifrr of no binding force whoxevei;
and f;mh<r, that if they were opinions upon
questions before the court, they would not be
binding, ns a sui'omont of political truths, upon
Ci'Ogre-iS or the people. The people are the sourcc
oi power, and the ultimate judges in all political
q.ie^lions. r;.;r, if i];ere is any man, or number
of men in this country, who are authorized to
decide political questions, and from whose de-
crees there is no appeal, then, we have a despot-
ism; and it matters not whether there is one despot
or nine, or whether the power is lodged with a
a king, adirectory, or a supreme court. And, sir,
to repudiate and resent this usurpation of the
slave-holding judges; this assumption of author-
ity to decide such questions, and to impose a
taster upon the people,-I would have Congress,
i all proper occasions, affirm and exercise the
right to legislate for the prohibition of slavery in
the Territories. This should be done that there
may be no presumptions against this right from
i: non-user or acquiescences in the opposite theory,
l'For these considerations, I desire to thank my
I; friend from Missouri [Mr. Blair] for the reso-
|! lutions which he offered in the House a few days
!j ago, drawn, as I am informed, by the distin-
|! guishedgentleman who represented that State for
ji so long a period in the Senate of the United States,
j, (Colonel Benton.) One of them is as follows, and
■ it contains sound doctrine:
:j '-6. Resolved. That said decision* are, in delegation of
j tho power of Uortgie?*-, ami u^tnctivu of iu, tjme-honoied
i' rights and practice to iesislaie toi Ten uours ; and being so
j ' deio<jatoiy and re-vtncuve,nbc:come^ the duiv of Cormiers
j to vindicate us rights bv .i-^e'diiK its full anilionty to l'*gio-
i late upon ^iavoiv m Territono-. and declaims in t>.tal dis-
.. rogauS of the *-aid illegal, e\tra-ju 'i< ial. aad void dceiMOu^
; of the sfupieme Couit; wlacn. accoiuuigly, i.s hoi cby duaev'
l  Mr. BLAIR. Those resolutions were drawn
11 by Colonel Benton. I have the original m my
possession in his handwriting,
j; Mr. WASHBURN, ofManie. Mr. Chairman,
| the fale of the Territories to be formed from our
I unoccupied domain, is in the keeping of Congress;
ii and it will be for it to determine, so far a.-s tin:
;! most of them at h-ast are concerned, whoi.herlhoy
i' shall bo slave or free.
|i But the Republican party docs not stop with
i' the asseuion that Congress ought to intervene to
|* keep slavery out of the Ten itones. It also main-
j' tains—if I have been properly instructed in what
it has inscribed upon its list oi duhesand pur-
poses—that wherever, for any reason, an act of
;; Congress cannot bo passed to keep slaveiy out of
d a Terutory, the only remaining way to secure
d this end shall be re: orted to, and the people of
'' the [Territories permuted to exclude it by their
' own legislative auth-nity. i t would ivly upon the
'' people of ih.o Terutory to lepiess an evd which
, can be reached by no other power; bur it does not
i leave to popular sovereignly the oppor;umty to
j' introduce an undoubted evil into a Temtory, or
j' commit an acknowledged ernne, when it can le-
; gaily prevent ir. To act othet wh.e—to say to tho
; pcopic of dTeiritory, 4< slav.ny v- a ^keat wmng;
; it will be an everlasting eui.^o tu you ii you have
!. it; we can keep it A om your u>idst if we wdl, but
;1 we choose not to do so, n oider that you may
! have an opportunity to if je^t it il'tlioJ slial! be your
j, pleasure"—would be weak indeed; and wer.-o
than weak in those cases (winch would be the great
i majority) wheie it would he seen beforehand that
; they would not reject it. Vet, 1 am told there are
men in the Republican ranks who insist that tins
:: intervention policy is aveiy unwise and mistaken
!' policy;and that, although Congio^s h,uj ntidouiit-
edly the right to pi oh on t slavery, it ou-rht not to
exercise it; but should leave to tiie people of the
'> Territories to decide fur thom?f %lv«-3 wlu-ther or
1 not they will have what they (the Republicans)
' declare to be an unmitigated and gieaniic evil.
And who are the people to whom it is piopt.sed
to leave tins question? A few hundreds of run-
aways or outlaws, it may be. And who are to
ji be affected by their decision? All the people of
the United States. To these first inhabitants,
i such as they are, good oi bad, js to be left the
settlement of questions of supreme importance to
! all the States; questions like tiiese: shall there bo
i a majority of (roe States1 oi shall the si ive States
'' outnumber the free? Shall democratic ideas ur
" aristocratic be encouraged? Sna:l the govern-
mem be repuidican or oligarchical ? Shall Con-
gress be so constituted that its majorities will pro-
tect free labor, or oppress it? Tile people of the
■ States are interested in these questions deeply,
/ vitally; and they have the power to determine
|! ^latthe answers to them shall be. But itis nio-
;j posed that those who i< ould uccide ri^ht, should
;i abdicate m favor of the people of the Terr-iones,
; who may decide wrong.
,| It is safer and wiser, I hear it said, to leave a
people to act freely than to hedge them around
with legal restraints. It is better that a people
should do right because they desire to, than be-
cause -the law keeps them from doing; w.rong.
But whether it ;s better that they should do
•wrong, there being no law, than to do no wrocg,
the law preventing, is a question which I would
commend to the consideration of the philosophers
of popular sovereignty. This theory of giving
men the largest opportunity to do wrong to them-
selves and others strikes at all legal restraints. I
am not prepared to say that it would be wise to
repeal all our penal laws because it is better that
a man should do right for the right's sake than
from fear of punishment. To carry out the ideas
of these gentlemen to their logical results, your
' statutes against larceny, murder, treason, and
i other crimes should be repealed, that men may
| be left perfectly free to do as they will; because
I if they will not steal, or* kill, or seek to over-
. throw the State, in the absence of law forbidding
these crimes, they will, not improbably, be better
men and citizens than if they had been placed in
circumstances where such laws might have had
an influence upon their characters and lives.
On the whole, sir, I think I will stand by the
ancient ways. I will abide With the old prudencc,
and where I have two weapons to destroy a mon-
ster, I will not throw away cither. I am not quite
prepared to adopt a theory which would compel
me to say to the people of Utah: " form your
own institutions m your own way; it is better
you should practice polygamy without stint, than
that Congress should restrain you by law."
The thcoi v of territorial sovereignty may be
consistent enough with the principles of Senator
Douglas, and those who, like him, consider it n
matter of indifference whether freedom or shi-
very shall be established in a State, and who
think that, on the whole, it would be better to
have some slave States than none; but how it can
find favor with those who,regard slavery as a
wrong, o; a great impolicy, I confess I am unable
to undt r-itand.
One word more on tins subject. Granting that
theie is no fuither necessity lor lesorting to con-
gressional intervention, and all that can be done
hereafter must be accomplished by popular sov-
ereignty; is there any great wisdom in hurrying
to renounce our old faith; in parading our former
opinions as im.-Hakes before the country; in say-
ing, m < fleet, that Senator Douglas did what was
right in pnn::ple when he biought in the Ne-
Inaska lull, and that those who opposed him
wen; m cnor, and ought, at once, to have fxl'en
m with the HiinoM Senator and aided him in his
eiTbits to e&tobhsh a gieat principle f!> Suppose
they had dune r>o. nod no excitement had arisen,
as in that case none would; Kansas, from Us
pi oximity to AIw^oui i, would have been, mevit-
tthiy, a slave Si ate, and the question of republican
or ohgateiue would have been already decided.
Mr. Chaiinmn, how can a paity hope to obtain
no we r, or to keep it, if it has no certain opinions
upon questions otVaieh magnitude as this? Esther
the peopie will say its leaders aie ignorant, and
know not what's sound doctrine; or they aie des-
titute of puueip1", and care whai is; and, at
any rate, are vi ry unsafe guides.
If there av any lie publicans who think that
because Kansas is ravi d, thei" is no louger occa-
sion fo maintain their oiganiz.c'ion—that theslave-
bohleis will rest from their agitations and make
no ftii tjier attempt to rev'iiuuunize the Govern-
ment, let me ass. re them thai, they never labored
under a moie la'al mistake. The struggle lor the
supremacy of the syttetn of aer-. tie over free labor
has but iu r.y be^u,i; and althoagh the chauipions
of slaveiy aa!"d m the i\ansas campaign, they
hav<., no? laid d'Avn their arms, nor wdl ihoy till
many more fie'ds MiaUhave !>eon lost. j\* present
they are comident of ultimate success, and the
lea^t sanguine of them v/:Jl tell you
J ?>m but *=oi ry, net afeard ! doU} "d.
Ihii iio:hmg i^Uered : Wh.tr I i v a ;
More ti.omoig on lot pJuciuuir back."
They know that there can be no Mui.d-stnl to
slavery, and that unless they would prepare for
its gradual lemoval, the work of aggression must
co on. Arizona must be made a slave Territory.
Cuba must furnish two slave States, and Mexico
and Central America an indefinite numbei more.
The slave trade must be reopened; Dred Scott
decisions repeated, assorting the nationality of
