1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1383
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the petition of citi-
zens of Arizona relative to the raising of volun-
teer companies of rangers for the protection of the
people of that territory, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
PACIFIC WAGON ROADS.
Mr. DAVIS. I am directed by the Committee
on Printing, to whom was referred a motion to
print the report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating reports upon the Pacific wagon
roads constructed under the direction of thatDe-
partment, to report in favor of printing the report
and maps. The estimate of the cost of printing
the usual number, one thousand four hundred and
twenty, of the report and map is $731; for each
thousand additional copies, $231. I am not au-
thorized to ask for additional copies, and we
therefore report it back to the Senate, with a rec-
ommendation that the report and maps be printed
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let it lie over.
FRANCIS HUTTMAN.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom* was referred the memorial of
Francis Huttman, praying a reexamination of his
accounts, and remuneration for losses sustained
in consequence of the illegal acts of the collector
at San Francisco, have directed me to report a bill
for his relief; and by direction of the committee
I ask tho Senate to consider it at this time.
The bill (S. No. 603) for the relief of Francis
Huttman, was read the first time by its title, and
passed to a second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Maine, on behalf of the Committee on Commerce,
asks that the bill be put through its different
stages now. Is there objection ? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. GrWIN. I hope it will be passed at once.
It merely refers the question to the Secretary for
information.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and con^ideied as in Committee of
the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to examine the claim of Francis Hutt-
man for losses sustained by the detention of the
bark Callao at San Francisco, in 1848, by the act
of the collector of that port, and to settle it ac-
cording to the terms prescribed in section four o£
the act " to create additional collection districts
in the State of California, and changing the ex-
isting districts therein, and modifying the exist-
ing collection districts in the United States," ap-
proved September 28, 1850, and to pay the sum
found due.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
EXTENSION OF LAWS TO OREGON.
Mr. BAYARD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 593) to provide for extending the
laws of the judicial system of the United States
to the State of Oregon, to report it with an amend-
ment. I am also instructed, as the bill is essen-
tial to be passed, to ask for its present consider-
ation. It is a bill to v^luch, I presume, there will
be no objection, and will lead to no debate what-
ever.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S.No. 593) to provide for extending the laws
and judicial system of the United States to the
State of Oregon. The committee reported it with
an amendment, to strike out all after the first sec-
tion of the bill and insert the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tfie said State is
hereby constituted a judicial district of the United States,
within winch a district court, with the like powers and ju-
risdiction as the district court of the United States tor the
district of Iowa, shall be established ; and the judge of said
district couit shall hold two regular terms of the said couit
annually, at the seat of government of the said State, to
commence on the second Monday of April and September
of cach year.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the judge, at-
torney, and marshal of the United States, for the said dis-
trict of Oregon, shall reside theiein, and the annual salary
of the said judge shall be $3,000, and the marshal and dis-
trict attorney, for said district, shall be entitled to the same
compensation and fees as the marshal and attorney for the
district ol Iowa.
• Sec. A. And be it further enacted, That, in all eases of ap-
peal or writ of error heretofore prosecuted, and how pending
in the Supreme Court of the United States, upon any record
from the supreme court of Oregon Territory, the mandate
of execution or order for further proceedings shall be di-
rected by the Supreme Court of the United States to the
district court of the United States for the district of Oregon,
or to the suprejne court of the State of Oregon, as the na-
ture of such appeal or writ of error may require; and each
of those courts shall he the successor of the supreme court
of Oregon Territory, as to all such cases, with full power to
hear and determine the same, and to award mesne or final
process thereon.
The original bill is as follows:
Be it enacted, That all the laws of the United States
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same Jorce
and effect within the said State of Oregon as elsewhere in
the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted. That the said State
shall compose one judicial district, to be called the district
of Oregon; and a district court shall be held in said district,
to consist of one judge, to be appointed by the PtesidGiit of
the United States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate; who, after his appointment, .sjiall reside in said
State of Oregon, and shall be called a district judge, and
shall, in all things, have, and exercise, the ordinary juris-
diction and powers of the district courts of the United
States; the said judge shall appoint a clerk, who shall re-
side, and keep the records of the court, at the place of hold-
ing the same; who shall receive for his services the same
fees which are allowed to the clerk of the northern di&trict
of California, and may appoint a deputy. That the judge
of the said district shall hold two regular sessions, annually,
at the seat of government of said State of Oregon, to com-
mence on the first Monday of arid , and may
also hold extra sessions when the public interests may, m
Ins opinion, require the same, after public notice thereof
shall be given for not less than thirty days; and should the
judge of said distuct fail to attend at the same tune and
place of holding any regular teini of the court, before the
close of the fourth day oi any such term, the business pend-
ing in said court shall stand adjourned to the next regular
or special teim thereof.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That in addition to the
oidmary jurisdiction and powers ot a district couit of the
*Uuited States, the said couit be, and hereby is, invested,
within the limits of thu disurct ol Oregon, with the juris
diction and powoi  in all civil cases now exeicised by the
circuit court of the Untied States lor the districts of Cali-
fornia; and that in all caxos where said court shall exercise
such jurisdiction, appeals may he taken from the judgments,
orders, or decrees oi said court to the Supreme Court ol the
United sStdtes., in the same manner, and upon the same co-n-
ditions, as appeals may be taken from the circuit coutts of
the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there shall be al-
lowed to the judge of said district the same compensation
as is now allowed to the judge of the (Jmted States, for the
noi thorn district of California.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed in said district a person learned m the law, to
act as attorney for the United States, who shall leceive for
services the same compensation and fees allowed the
United States attorney for the northern district of Cali-
fornia.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That a marshal shall
be appointed in said district, who shall receive for Ins ser-
vices, the same compensation and fees allow*d the marshal
of the northern district of California; and who may appoint
as many deputies as the duties ot his office may inquire.
Sec. 7. And be xt further enacted. That all civil causes,
now pending in the courts of Oregon, the jurisdiction of
which may properly belong to the couit of the United States
herein established, shall be removed to the same, cither by
writ of certiorari, or by a transfer of the original paper-:, the
co-t of said tiansfer to he paid by the party applying tor
the same; but upon the final deteiinitiation ot the cause,
such costa shall be taxed against the party failing in said
suit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
i upon agreeing to the amendment offered by the
! Committee on the Judiciary.
I Mr. BAYARD. Before the amendment isacted
: on, I ask leave to fill up the blanks. At the sug-
! gestion of one of the Senators from Oregon, I
| will fill the blanks with April and September. I
l will also move to strike out the word "first,"and
! insert " second," at the suggestion of the honor-
able Senator from Oregon, that those times would
be most convenient for holding the stated terms
of the court.
The amendment of the committee, as modified,
was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I offer the following amendment,
if it is in order. It is to insert additional sections:
And be it further enacted, That, for the purpose of trjing
all issues of fact triable by jury m the district oourt of the
United States, for the district of Iowa, said district shall be
divided into three divisions, as follows,namely: the counties
of Clinton, Jones, Linn, Benton, Tama, Marshall, Grundy,
Hardin, Webstei, and all the counties north of the same
and cast of Calhoun, Pocahontas, Palo Alto, and Eminett,
shall constitute the noi them division; and two regular terms
of said court, for the same, shall be held annually at Du-
buque, to commence ou the thud Tuesdays of Apni and
October.
And he it further enacted. That the counties of Scott, Ce-
dar, Johnson, Iowa. Powa^heik, Mahaska, Marion, Lucas,
Claik, Decatur, and all the counties south and east of the
same, shall constitute the southern division ; and two regu-
lar terms of &aid court thall be held annually, lor said di-
vision, at Keokuk, to coxpmenee on the third Tuesdays of
March and September.
And be it further enacted, That alf the remaining counties
of tjjie State shall constitute the western division } and'one
regular term of said court shall beheld on the secoiid Tues-
day of November in each year, at Des Moines.
And be it further enacted, That the plovisions of the sev-
eral acts of Congress regulating the courts in the" several
divisions, as heretofore organized, shaii, as fat7as the same
are applicable, apply to the courtaof said district, under: the
present division. , . - ?
And be it further enacted, That the judge oi* saitf district
court shall have power to make such rules and of3ers as
may be necessary to carry into effect the changes'provided
for in this act. • ,
And be it further enacted, That all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with this act be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that a provision for creat-
ing new courts? I should like to hear some ex-
planation of it.
Mr. JONES. No, it is not. I merely wish to
state that this amendment of mine has Seep re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary,at the
instance of the judge of the district eourt of my
State. It is absolutely necessary that this change
should be made.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the change ?
Mr. JONES. It is merely changing the places
of holding the courts, and defining to which of
those places the cases are" to be assigned. The
districts are divided now by right lines, and take
portions of counties; and it is impossible for the
marshal or the sheriffs to decide to which one of
the places the cases shall be assigned. It is done
at tlie instance of the judge there, one of the best
judges in the country; and it has the unanimous
consent of the Committee on the Judiciary. I
offer, as an amendment, the bill as reported by
the committee, at present. I will offer another
afterwards.
Mr. BAYARD. So far as that amendment is
concerned, I believe it is the bill introduced by the
honorable Senator from Iowa, and reported back
by the committee, with an amendment striking out
certain parts. As I understand it, the amend-
ment simply embodies .what was reported by the
committee.
Mr. HUNTER. T ask the Senator from Dela-
ware if it creates any new office or additional
salary ?
Mr. BAYARD. None whatever.
Mr. HUNTER. No additional salary ?
Mr. BAYARD. None whatever. All those
parts of the bill which authorize the court, at its
discretion, to appoint stated terms, we threw out,
and we also struck out the clause which increased
the salary of the judge. This amendment comes
now exactly in the words of the bill as reported
by the committee; and if it is appropriate to at-
tach it to theOregon bill, I have not the slightest
objection to it. It does nothing but change the
local divisions. It does not increase the number
of courts. Instead of that, I think it diminishes
one regular term.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me thaUthis is a new
feature in our legislation, of dividing districts into
divisions by law. There may be such a thing,
but I never heard of it before. If I am not mis-
taken, it is an innovation, and I think it may lead
to mischievous consequences. Now, I think the
district judge of Iowa should fix the place where
he should hold the court, and there would be no
difficulty of making a rule of court, by which an
action shall be tried at one place or the other;,but
I am jealous of this encroachment upon what has
been the established legislationofthecountry ever
since we have had judicial districts. I am opposed
to the amendment for that reason.
Mr. JONES. Thejudge^of the court himself
declares that this is absolutely necessary. The
Committee on the Judiciary unanimously decided
that that judge has no such power himself at all.
I am not a lawyer, and do not know what the
powers of the judge are; but that is the opinion
of the committee, unanimously expressed, and the
opinion of the judge himself, that he has no such
power. I hope the Senate will agree to the amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask whether it will
not require additional clerks?
Mr. JONES. No; it will not.
Mr. HARLAN. I see no evil consequences
which can possibly arise from this change of the
divisions of the district. It has been the policy
of the court there, either with or without law,
ever since the State was admitted into the Union,
