IS84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
of holding courts at different places, and dividing
the State,into sections for the purpose of lessen-
ing the expense of collecting jurymen, and also
of collecting witnesses in the various suits. Iowa
is a very large, State in a geographical point of
view, some three hundred miles from the Missis-
sippi to the Missouri river, and almost an equal
extent from the northern to the southern bound-
aries. If the court were held in one place, the
expense of collecting jurymen would be great, and
the expense of subpenaing witnesses would also
be very greatly increased; and, on this account,
the courts are held in two or three different points
Inthe State, to lessen the expense of the court,and
also for the convenience of the people. 1 do not
know that this is the very best division that could
be made of the State. My attention has not been
called to it; but my colleague is familiar with the
localities there, and I feel inclined to trust hisjudg-
ment on this subject. I know that the sheriffs and
the people of the State would be very dissatisfied
unless some arrangement was made for the con-
venience of the people of the State.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, if I can get his ear, is
there any State in the Union where districts are
divided into divisions by law ?
Mr. BAYARD. It does not increase the dis-
tricts at all. It only alters the locality.
Mr. HALE. Is there any other one?
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot answer positively.
Certainly, Iowa is now divided under existing
law. This will not increase the expense nor in-
crease the divisions, nor increase the number of
courts. On the contrary, I think it will decrease
it one regular term.
Mr. HALE. I will interpose 110 objection. I
think it ia a bad precedent. I think it ought not
to be done.
Mr. BAYARD. The amendmentgives but five
regular terThs, instead of six. It alters the places
and alters (he local commissions, but does not
increase the number of terms.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I now move to increase the sal-
ary of the judge from $2,000 to $2,500. The
judge of the State of Iowa has, in my opinion,
more duty to perform, as a district judge, than
any district judge in the United States. There
are two districts in the State of Missouri, the
judge of each of which gets $9,800. There are
two in Illinois, and two in most of the States, each
fetting $2,500; and no oneof them, in myopinion,
as as much duty to perform as the judge in Iowa.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator will allow me,
I think that amendment is out of order. It is not
directed by any committee to be offered.
Mr. JONES. No, it is not.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, 1 want to know whether
it is in order, or not?
Mr. JONES. 1 wish to ask the Chair whether,
if I move it as a separate amendment, it is notui
order ? •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hear a suggestion on the point of order. This is
not an appropriation bill.
Mr. JONES. It is not an appropriation bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator proposes to make
it so.
Mr. FOOT. I suppose thr-Senator from Iowa
is moving an amendment to the amendment,
which cannot be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
was agreed to, and the Senator from Iowa offered
this additional amendment.
Mr. JONES. I hope the Sejjate understand
my object. It is merely to compensate thisjndge,
who is as good as any other judge, and as faith-
ful a man as any in the Umtud States, as other
judges are compensated. Ho has a large district
of country to travel over. He has to travel on
horseback, in stages, and wagons, and otherwise;
and it is not fair that he should be'paid $500 less
for performing these services than other judges.
I do not wish to consume the time of the Senate
upon it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to ask the Senator one
question. What is the pay of the supreme judges
of Iowa >
Mr. HARLAN. Two thousand dollars a year.
Mr. TOOMBS. The principle which we have
adopted in regard to the salariesof district judges
has been uniform, with two or three exceptional
cases, which were put on the appropriation bills
in the confusion of one of the last nights of the
session, overriding the general principle of salary
adopted by the Judiciary Committee some three
or four years ago. They were made exceptional,
and wrongfully made so. All over the country
the rule has been to give to the district judge the
salary of the highestjudicial office of the State. It
is liberal pay, and is placed upon th% ground that
the States themselves are the best judges of the
price to be paid for that sort of talent in their
limits. If this amendment should be adopted, I
knowofa number of cases, really hard cases; and
I should move to amend by bringing in other
judges. Indeed, there are some whose pay is not
according to the rule. The judge of the State of
Georgia receives $750 less under this rule, on ac-
count of the change, since he has been appointed.
The pay that he gets is inadequate.
Mr. JONES. What does he get ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Two thousand seven hundred
and fifty dollars, and the judges of the supreme
court of the State receive $3,500. It is within the
rule we have adopted. That has been the rule
adopted very generally, except with regard to
judges at Chicago, Detroit, and San Francisco,
and one or two other points. There are but four
or five exceptions in the whole judicial offices of
the United States, and some few judges have been
placed below the rule on account of the change
of the domestic system in the States. If this
were one of the cases that came under the rule,
it would be different; but as it appears that he
gets the same compensation now as the judges of
the supreme court of the State, it ought not to be
disturbed by the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no doubt butthat the
salary of this judge ought to be increased. He
is a political opponent of mine. He was so before
he was made judge; and I would not say a word
on increasing the salary if I did not think it ought
to be increased. I made an inquiry of the Gov-
ernor of the State a few days since,when this ques-
tion happened to he mentioned, supposme it might
be called up, whether, in his judgment, the salary
of the judge of the district 'court of the United
States for Iowa ought to be increased, and he said
it ought to be. He is not a Democrat either. He
is n Republican. The judge of the district court
of Iowa, as has been intimated, has to travel
largely, lie resides in a place where one court
is held, and then he will hare to travel to the eity
of Dubuque or Port Des Moines, hundreds of
miles from him, and defray his traveling expenses
while away. The judges of the supreme court
of Iowa have to travel and hold courts at different
points, but they are points of their own selection,
and where the expenses of travel are not so great
as they would be m the case of the district judge
of the United States. I have no doubt, myself,
that the salary of that judge ought to be increased,
as said by my colleague. I shall not urge it on
the Senate, however. There is a largo majority
of his political friends here, and if they think that
he can work at $9,000 a year, I simply state that
the Republican State officers of Iowa think his
salary ought to be increased to be on an average,
in proportion to the expenses necessarily encoun-
tered, with those paid to the judges of the State
courts.
Mr. BAYARD. If I understood the Senator
from Georgia correctly, 1 beg leave to dissent
from the idea of the rule which he supposes to ex-
ist, of never suffering the compensation of thedis-
tnct judges to exceed the highest judicial salary
in the State. I have always myself opposed any
such rule, because I thought it unreasonable. The
United States is bound to provide a proper judi-
cial tribunal in each State of the Union. Perhaps
they provide too many in some. I do not think
the measure of compensation which is to bo paid
by this Government, ought to be left to the legis-
lation of the States. It should be left to our own
sound judgment and discretion of what is the
proper compensation for the purpose of obtaining
the services of the order and class of men com-
petent to perform the duties. That is my own
view of the principle of compensation. The hon-
orable Senator may entertain the other opinion.
I have never been able to bring myself to it as a
sound rule for the action of Congress.
The committee reported against the increase of
salary in the case of the district judge of Iowa, on
the ground that we had fixed, by general law, the
salaries of judges in 1855. There necessarily
were differences of opinion. These differences
had to be compromised and decided upon finally
by the judgment of the Senate. Since that period
no change has taken place in the cost of subsist-
ence, nor has any special change taken place in
relation to the particular office. In myopinion,
that judge, as well as several others, are not com-
pensated to the extent they ought to be. The
committee thought it unwise to take them up in
detail; but that if there was to be an increase of
the compensation of the district judges whose sal-
aries ought to be increased, it ought to be em-
bodied in one bill, and that bill acted upon by the
Senate as one of a more general character. That
was the grountf, I believe, on which the commit-
tee at this session refused to authorize any change
in the salary of the judge of Iowa.
Mr. STUART. I interposed here some time
ago, with considerable solicitude, to have this
Oregon bill taken up and passed. We have just
admitted a State into the Union. Ithas no judicial
system, and I deemed it important that the bill
should be passed through the Senate at the ear-
liest moment at which it could be done; but it was
furthest from my mind to suppose that the Sen-
ate would agree to add amendments to that bill
for other States nowin thisUnion, and whichhave
been in for a long time, and which do not need
it. Let us look at the practical effect of this ar-
gument. In the first place, you passed a law
which required the district judge of Iowa to
travel; a thing which he ought not to do at all.
He ought to hold court permanently atone place,
and not travel a mile in the exercise of his duties.
Then it is urged that his salary must be increased,
because he travels and has to pay expenses.
Mr- COLLAMER. At his own request, too.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir; this is done at his
own request. It is said the judge wants it. He
wants it fixed. It appears that ho has got to be
an itinerant judge over the State, and then he is
to be paid his traveling expenses.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Senator allow mo
a moment?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. Nearly all the States as large
as Iowa have more districts than one, and to avoid
the necessity of dividmg_Iowa into two judicial
districts the judge was required to travel over the
State. Hence, if we pay him the additional $500,
it would be but $500 in lieu of a new judge, and
all the contingent expenses of another court and
another district.
Mr. STUART. I intend to notice that fact.
"The Senator is mistaken when he says nearly all
the States of that extent have two districts and
two judges. The question of territory does not
determine the necessity of having two districts at
all. It is true, that we have gone on and divided
Slates, for political purposes, to give somebody
an office as judge, and allow him to appoint clerks
and have another marshal, and many things of
that sort, winch are taking hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars out of our Treasury every year,
without the slightest public necessity. There is
no more necessity for two districts in Iowa than
there is for two districts in a county in Iowa.
There is not any thing like the population in Iowa
that there is in other States with a single judge.
There is not anything like the business. The
business of that State does not compare with the
business of a State that is upon the border of the
country—nothing like it; %nd yet there is found
no difficulty in doing business there. But this is
the effect of it: you divide the State, fix by law
where the judge shall travel, and then you are to
pay him for traveling. He ought not to travel a
rod. He ought to stay permanently at one place.
When it is said itdoes not increase theexpenses,
it will be seen in a moment that it does increase
them; and I have inquired of some members of
the Judiciary Committee about it. I knew, in
the nature of things, that it must increase them.
You cannot hold courts in various places of a
State, and not increase the expense.
Mr. BAYARD. There is no increase in the
number of places. As Iowa stands now, there are
three divisions; and there are six terms at those
three different places.
Mr. STUART., I understand that; but what
I am arguing is, that there should be none at all;
that the present division of Iowa should be re-
pealed.
Mr. BAYARD. That is another thing.
