zm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
slavery, and affirming the right to hold slaves in
every State, North or South, irrespective of local
laws, until the oligarchical ideas shall be accepted
in all departments of the Government and in ,all
sections of the country.
And, sir, during the controversy which these
unjust and revolutionary demands will occasion ,
the Republican party, or, if that shall fail to do
the work required of it, one more faithful and
vigorous, will be a necessary and unavoidable
political organization. And 1 do not believe that
it will be constituted hereafter of1 those only who
are now within its'ranks, but that it will embrace,
also, all Americans and anti-Lecompton Demo-
crats who do not mean to submit to the subjuga-
tion of freedom, or the overthrow of our polit-
ical institutions. Upon these over-shadowing
issues there can be but two opinions or parties;
and those who are not, with the slaveholders'
party must be with that of their opponents. Wise
and conservative southern men, too, who are not
the propagandists of slavery, men who do not de-
sire the extension of that system more than the
continuance of the Government as established by
ourfathers, should be with this party; for it seeks
nothing inconsistent with their honor, their rights,
or their true interests. It will leave them to man-
age their domestic affairs in their own way, claim-
ing no authority to interfere therein. It will
strive to place them on no ground which was not
occupied by the South for the generation suc-
ceeding the Revolution. Southern men who are
willing to stand where their fathers stood at the
close of the second war with Great Britain, will
find in the principles and purposes of the Repub-
lican party nothing to which they will desire to
object; but in that party the instrumentality for
which they have long waited, to restore peace and
harmony to all .sections of their beloved country,
and to strengthen their hands for the grand con-
summation winch must be nearest to their hearts.
It appears to me that there are 110 men so much
interested as they, that the Republican's should
submit to no change of purpose or policy, to no
dilution of their principles, or lowering of then-
standard. But if they think otherwise, and the
Republicans, in obcdience to their requirements,
yield their d stinctive position, I have not the
shadow of a doubt that they will go into a minority
in nearly every free State in 18G0. Maine, strongly
Republican as she is, I am confident could not be
depended upon to defeat the Democratic party
on any other platform. Would it be wise to ex-
change. Maine, not for Kentucky, but for a pos-
sibility of carrying that State? Who would ad-
vise a surrenderof New York for the sake of run-
ning an electoral ticketin Virginia' Thousandsof
earnest and efficient Republicans in every northern
State will leave t heir organization the moment it be-
comesa mere opposition party. They have learnt
that a party, into which southern men come for
the sake of gaining avictory over the Democrats,
and not for the purpose of sustaining Republican
principles, must allow them to dictate the issues
so far as the slavery question is concerned, and
that they, fearing the immediate consequences at
homo, of a j-ecognition of Republican doctrines,
will insist upon its being upon this subjeetamerc
acquiescing and do-nothing party; in making it,
in lino", the practical abettor and nottheopponent
of the Democratic party; make it what the Whig
party was, in 1850, when its administration be-
came the defendevoftheeompromise measures of
that year. Do those who remember how impos-
sible it was to bring the masses of that party to
the support of the policy ofMr. Fillmore,believe
that the Republican party, more earnest and de-
termined than ever the Whig party was, will con-
sent that their organization shall tread the path
which led to the rum of the Whig party? Friends,
Republicans, opponents of the slaveholding pro-
paganda! I beg you to be wise in time; stand
upon the solid ground of your imperishable prin-
ciples; respect your party as a fixed fact and a
necessity, and it will be the party that for years
to come will hold the power in this country.
And, sir, I venture to predict that within ten years
from this time, it will have the support of a large
majonty of the people Of the slave States,
Am I told that there are other things than those
regarding slavery to which a great political party
should give its attention, I answer that I acknowl-
edge it; but add that, upon the questions referred
to, no party has ever been able to stand against
the so-called Democracy; and that it can be op-
posed successfully only by one which the people
believe, anil can readily see, is more truly demo-
cratic. I would say, also, that these slavery is-
sues are nTore important than all others; and, be-
sides, Important as the others may be, and as I
know them to be, there is no hope of their being
justly treated, except in the success of the Re-
publican party. If we would have economy in
the Administration, justice to all, honesty and,
good faith, a development of the vast resources'
of the country, a wise regard to the interests of
free labor, let us work to strengthen and consoli-
date the Republican party, andin sodoingwe shall
treat these questions as important, but subordi-
nate and incidental. Seek first to place the lib-
erties of the country on an immovable foundation,
and all other needful things shall be added.
I hear it objected that the Republicans are un-
wise in insisting upon formulas and platforms,
which are unnecessary, as they will give them no
new recruits, and will drive away many who would
be willing to act with them, if not thus repelled.
I answer that in some way the principles and
objects of the party must be distinctly understood;
that common honesty, as well as sound policy,
requires this. If, however, its purposes are'so well
known, and its policy so distinctly pronounced,
that there can be no misunderstanding in regard
to them; or if it shall have in the persons of its
standard-bearers those who are regarded as em-
bodiments of its principles, living witnesses to
the truth, written and formal platforms and dec-
larations may be dispensed'with. But I think
there should be no objection, at any time, to a
plain and truthful statement by a party of its prin-
ciples and issues. The Democratic party has for
many years been in the habit of adopting a plat-
form at its national conventions, and I have never
understood that it has suffered from this practice.
It seems to me there is great force in the remark
of a celebrated author and statesman, " that doc-
trines mustgenerally be embodied before they can
excite a strong public feeling;" and a platform, if
not, strictly speaking, the embodiment of a doc-
trine, is such a deliberate and authoritative ex-
pression of it, as makes it clear to the public
mind, and palpable to its touch.
I am informed that two or three northern States
are not up to the Republican standard. Perhaps
not; though I doubt the statement so far as their
people are concerned, but do not in reference to
some of their politicians. However tins may be,
I am certain that if the Republican party will, by
its earnestness, firmness, and self-respect, per-
suade the people of those States that it is to re-
main in the field till the objects for which it was
instituted arc accomplished,' every opponent of the
slave-struck Democracy, and every man in them
who believes that white men have interests which
should be cared for and protected, will find him-
self fighting gallantly within its ranks.
That it will remain in the field till'the vast ques-
tions which called it into life are disposed of as
they should be, I will not permit myself to doubt.
The mheient vitality that there is in truth in-
stiucts me that the leading idea of this party can
never be extinguished; and this idea is so thor-
oughly accepted by its masses, and so many of
them feel that the path of principle is the only road
to success; that its infidelity or disintegration are
events placed far beyond the machinations of
those who feel that their own advancement has
little encouragement from a line of policy which
looks to power as a means and not as an end; and
when they hear it said by the latter that the first
object is to get power, they add, to get it fairly and
honestly, perceiving that power obtained for no
specific purpose is to be relied on for no definite
good; and they will insist that, in this instance at
least., power is more certain to be won by a frank
avowal of principle than by any other Course; that
the highest policy is to maintain the Republican
doctrines in their integrity and fulness, and to bear
aloft its standard at all times and everywhere.
Sir, if ever men were greatly in earnest in a
political movement in this country, those who con-
stitute avast majority of the Republican party are
so. They have enlisted for the war, and while it
lasts they will move on fearless and undiscourage|^,
however many rebuffs and defeats they may en-
counter, and proceed from what source they may.
They will be oppressed by no fear of ultimate
defeat, and will tell you that with faith, a good
heart, and a good cause, success is certain. Mr.
Chairman, with all these our Republican shif> is
freighted, and thus we bid her God-speed on her
voyage.
" In spite of rock and tempest roar,
In spite of false lights on the shore,
Sail on, nor fear to breast the sea !
Our hearts, our hopes, are all with thee,
Oar hearts, our hopes, our prayers, our tears.
Our faith, triumphant o'er our fears,
Are all with thee—are all with tliee.'-
Mr. JENKINS obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, who moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the Indian *
appropriation bill, and had directed him to report
the same back with sundry amendments; and that
the committee had also under consideration certain
resolutions relative to the annual message of the
President of the United States, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I call for the
previous question on the amendments which have
been just reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The first amendment was reported as follows:
Stiike out the following words :
" Provided, That the binn of.-f 111,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, may be applied in payment of liabil-
ities toi the objects aforesaid, dining the year ending oOtll
of June, 1859 ; and leduce the amount winch lollows to
§SU,000."
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
80, noes 47.
Mr. STEVENSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I wish the House, before
it adjourns, would give its unanimous consent to
allow me to take from the table a resolution from
the Senate appointing Regents for the Smithso-
nian Institution. There will be a meeting this
day week, and there is no other day on which the
resolution can be passed. 1
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas ]00, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS'-Moosi-s. Adrain, Anderson, Andrews, Rmghttm,
r.lair. I'.ococli, Branch, Bnuton, JSuffinton, Buihnganie,
Burns. Case, Chaffee,Ezra Clark, dawson, Gobi),Coltax,
Comilis, Oovode, Hill Ion Ciaige, Curry. Cmtis, Davis of
Indiana, Davis of Ma-saehusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Dur-
t'ee, Edie, Foster. Oilman, Goodwin, Gianger, Groesbeek,
Grow, Ilarian, Harris. Ilalcl], Hill, Hoard, Ilorton, Hous-
ton, Jewett, George W. Jones, Kelsej, ICilgoie, Knapp,
Lamar, Lawience, Leach, Leiter, l.oveiov, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Mai.-hall, Matteson, Maynaid, Miller,
Moore, Morgan, Isaac N. Moiri:-, Fieeman II.Moi-e, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Olm, Palmer, Paiker, Pendleton, i'elfit,
Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Rieaud,
Rolibms, Kobetts, Royce, Scaliv, lleiny M. Shaw, Joint
Fheiman, Robert Smith, Spnmei. Slalhvorlh, Stanton,
Miles Taylor, Tiiavei, Thompson. Tompkins, Trippe, Un-
dci wood, Vance, Wade. VVaid 1011, Walton, Cadwaiader C.
Washburn, Eililiu 13. Washbuuic, Israel Washburn, and
Wilson—100.
NAYS—Messrs. AM. Averv, Bark-dale, Bowie, Boyce,
Hi van, Oilruthers, Cavanaugli, Chapman, John B. Claik,
Clay, Coining, Co\, James Ci.tig, Ciawfoid, Davis of Mis-
sis-:ppi, Davis of Iowa, Dewart, Dimmiek, Dowdell, Eus-
tis, Fiotence. Foley, Garttcil, Giddings, Gieenwood, Gregg,
Hawkins, Hopkins, Howard, Jenkins, Owen Jones, Jacob
M. Kunkel, Landv, Mason, Mill-on, Morrill, Niblack, Pey-
ton, John S. Phelps.William W. Phelps, Phillips. Singleton,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Vallandigham, Ward, V\at-
kms, Wmsiow, Woodson, and Augustus R. Wright 51.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina, stated that
Mr. Letcher was detained at his room by ill-
ness.
Mr. LAMAR stated that Mr. Jackson was
confined to his room by sickness.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, the reading of
the list was, by unanimous consent, dispensed
with. ■
The remaining amendments of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union were then
read, and severally concurred in.
