1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1385
Mr. STUART. Here are office rents, office
expenses to be paid at the different places; and I
venture to say, if you go to the Interior Depart-
ment, you will find an immense pile of charges
that could be gotten rid of by the judge in Iowa,
like the judge in Michigan, and other States hold-
ing courts at one place.
Mr. COLLAMER. He has five grand juries
a year.
Mr. STUART. There are five grand juries,
the Senator says, in a year. You must have a
grandiury for each term of the court; and if you
have five or ten terms a year, you must have a
grand and petit jury each term, and you must
pay the cost of summoning them, and the cost of
travel. The expense is immensely increased by
the division of the State. Some of us have been
trying for the last three years to get a bill before
Congress which would reduce the expenses of the
judiciary. They have been often' referred to, and
they are enormous.
But, Mr. President I rose simply to ask the
Senate, in view of these facts, to pass the Oregon
bill by itself. Do not endanger it by putting
amendments on for any other State in the Union.
Let those gentlemen who are here at the next
Congress take it up, and make the necessary en-
actments for those States; but at this time let us
put the judiciary system in operation in the new
State.
Mr. JONES. I have no idea of seeing the bill
killed by discussion. For that reason, 1 do not
wish to answer the Senator from Michigan; but
I believe I can do it. I ask the Senate to vote
immediately on the proposition. 1 should like to
have the yeas and nays on it.
Mr. COLLAMER. If this amendment should
be adopted, raising the salary ofthe district judge
of Iowa 
Mr. JONES. If the Senator will allow me, I
will withdraw my amendment. I hope the Sen-
ator from Michigan is satisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senateas amended.
Mr. STUART. I want a separate vote on the
Itiwa amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on the
Judiciary never recommended that that amend-
ment should be put on this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is withdrawn.
Mr. JONES. Oh, no; not the amendment di-
viding the State.
Mr. HUNTER. How does the amendment get
here ? Is it offered by the Senator from Iowa?
Mr. JONES. I withdrew the amendment as to
salary. The other amendment has been adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
make it understood. The first amendment was
one reported from the Committee on the Judici-
ary. The second amendment was one offered by
the Senator from Iowa, with the approbation of
the Judiciary Committee. The third amendment,
which he has just withdrawn, was one in relation
to the salary of the judge. The question is on
concurring in the first amendment reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COLLAMER. I feel it my duty to have
that put right. The Committee on th%Judiciary
never reported that as an amendment to be put on
this bill.
Mr. JONES. No, they did not.
Mr. COLLAMER. They reported a bill for it
by itself, but never recommended putting the Iowa
case on this bill.
Mr. JONES. The Senator must excuse me;
they gave me permission to offer it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I was not consulted on
that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont did not understand the statement of the
Chair. The committee reported the bill with an
amendment, which was to strike out all after the
enacting clause, ani insert; which was agreed to.
Then the Senator from Iowa offered an amend-
ment in regard to Iowa. That was the statement
ofthe Chair. The question now before the Sen-
ate, is upon concurringin the amendment reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary. Ifrequired,
the Secretary will read it. ['< Oh, no!"]
Mr. STUART. It is not necessary to read it.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
which was adopted in committee.
The amendment was concurred in; there being,
on a division—ayes 20, noes 15.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
title by adding the words, "and for other pur-
poses.
The motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL JONES.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask leave of the Senate now
to call up a House bill that will not lead to the
slightest'discussion, and put it on its passage. It
will not occupy three minutes.
Mr. CLAY. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of taking up the bill (H. R. No. 324)
to allow the legal representatives of Samuel Jones
full pay in lieu of half pay for life.
Mr. CLAY. I cannot consent to let that pass
without debate.
The motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. '
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 886) to pro-
tect the timber growing upon lands of the United
States, reserved for military and other purposes,
in which the concurrence of tha Senate was re-
quested.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 664) making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30,1860.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed an act (S. No. 544) to incorporate the
Washington National Monument Society.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the special order,
which is the bill (S. No. 497) making appropria-
tion to facilitate the acquisition of the Island of
Cuba by negotiation, which is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole; and .the
question is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot.]
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the Army ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. SL1DELL. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will permit me to say a few words in expla-
nation, and 1 will not violate the rule of the Sen-
ate as established yesterday, by touching upon
any matters foreign to the general order of busi-
ness.
It is proper that I should state to the Senate
why I shall make no further- attempt at this ses-
sion to bring up for consideration the bill to fa-
cilitate the acquisition of Cuba by negotiation.
At an early hour yesterday, the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Wade] obtained the floor, and having
previously announced his intention to speak to
the bill, moved to adjourn; which motion was
negatived by a decided majority. No quorum
voting, on my motion, the Sergeant-at-Arms was
directed to request the attendance of the absent
Senators.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
state his point of order.
Mr. SEWARD. It is that, according to the
decision ofthe Senate, last night made, overruling
the minority, debate upon the subject of changing
the order of business cannot be allowed.
I do not insist upon it; but I desire the Senator
to know and to understand, and the Senate to
understand, that rules are made for the oppression
of the minority, and for the advantage of the ma-
jority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
make the point of order?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. In order that I might not pos-
sibly expose myself to the objection of .deviating
from the rule of the Senate, I have committed to
writing -what I intended to say; and I am satisfied
I shall be strictly within the rule..
An appeal was then made to the Senator from
Ohio, and others of, the Opposition, who were
known to be prepared to speak, to eontlnue the
debate, with the assurance that a quoram would
soon be present, many Senators having left tBe
Senate with a declaration of their intention to re-
turn by eight o'clock. The appeal to the Senators
to proceed with the debate was unsuccessful, but
the Senator from Maryland spoke at considerable
length. When he had concluded, a large quorum
was present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call the Senator to
order.
Mr. SLIDELL. Well, sir, I am perfectly will-
ing that the Senator should state his point of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hear the point of order.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senator, by
unanimous consent, have leave to proceed.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not ask any indulgence.
The observations that I" am now making are
made for the purpose of economizing time. Let
the Senator state his point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
state his point of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Chair has sustained
the point of order. It was not that I objected to
the Senator's proceeding; but I wanted it simply
understood how far this matter went, and what
was to be the understanding. This was put upon
us. I am willing that the Senator should go on,
if he pleases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the point of
order is made, the Chair will decide it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely wisliro give an
intimation, in order that the Senator may under-
stand that he goes on by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the con-
struction of the rule adopted yesterday evening,
debate is not in order.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia to withdraw his motion to proceed to the
consideration of the Army appropriation bill, in
order that I may make the statement I intend to
make.
Mr. HUNTER. To save this debate, I with-
draw the motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. Now the question is before
the Senate, and I believe I have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senate will not impose
upon me the necessity of repeating what I have
already said, I will finish, in about two minutes,
what 1 was about to say.
Still, the Senators on the other side, who, it was
asserted, had many speeches in reserve, refused,
obstinately, either to speak or vote upon the bill,
and evidenced a determination, by a series of dila-
tory maneuvers, to prevent any final action on it—
a determination which, under the very defective
rules of the Senate, it was entirely in their power
to carry out. A supporter of the bill, the Senator
from Mississippi, then moved to lay it on the ta-
ble, at the same time declaring that he should vote
against his own motion, his object being to obtain
a test vote. This resulted in the Senate refusing
to lay the bifl on the table by a vote of 30 to 18;
thus establishing a clear majority of twelve in
favor of the principle of the bill—a result that
would not have been changed had the Senate been
full, as the absentees had generally paired off.
i Under these circumstances I made a motion to
i adjourn, satisfied that the bill could not be pressed
to a vote, unless by the sacrifice of the appropri-
ation bills, thus creating the necessity of an extra
session. On consultation with many friends of
the bill, they have generally concurred in the
opinion that it would be injudicious again to call
it up, considering that the sense of the Senate had
been expressed with as much distinctness as if
there had been a final vote. I give notice, how-
ever, that I shall again present the bill oil the first
day of the next session when it can be introduced
under the rules.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not design to em-
barrass action at all. I have but a word or two
to say. I thmk it proper that something should
