304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January II.
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No._
*449) for the relief of certain half-breed Indians in
Iiansa3 Territory; which was read'twice by its
title,- and- referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
501) to^ establish the Lake Superior and Pacific
overland mail route; -which was read twice by its
title; and referred to the Committee on the Post
Ofiiceand Post Eoads.
indian appropriation bill.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R.No. 664) making
t appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30, J800; which, on motion
of Mr. Hotter, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
message from the house. *
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution of the Sen-
ate (No. G7) for the appointment of two Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution.
enrolled bill signed.
The messagPfurther announced that the Speaker
bad signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 198) for the
relief of Joseph Hardy and Alton Long; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident.
military academy bill.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker hall signed ail enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 6G3) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Acadeinyfoi the year ending
the 30th of June, 38G0; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President.
reporters' gallery.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther reports from committees, the Chair will call
the attention of the Senate to the Calendar.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope the unfinished business,
the Pacific railroad bill, will be taken up rftw;
' and I wish to suggest to the Senate that it is de-
sirable that we shall have a final decision of that
question some time this week. 1 think the sub-
iect lias been sufficiently discussed. There is a
'great deal of other important business that re-
quires the attention of the Senate; and I hope that,'
on Thursday next we shall have a final vote on
the Pacific railroad bill. ^ 1 move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of thatquestion now.
Mr. PEAllCE. 1 ask the gentleman fium Cal-
ifornia to waive that motion for the present, to
let the Senate take up and dispose of the resolu-
tions about the reporters'gallery. It ls^advisa-
ble that that question should be settled, I think.
Mr. GW IN. * I give way for that.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolutions, yesterday
reported by Mr. Pierce, from the Library Com-
mittee:
Knaltei, Tint lli« front seat <if ihcreportcis' gallery sliall
be sisHKiit'd to the icjioru-irf of tin Glotiy.
Rnoh-ed, That tin- oilier scats m the importers' ealk-rytie
lilimiicied adduce ted i>v the PtividinE,' Otliuei ol'tile Senate,
w ho, <tt the commencement of cach (J on jit may asMifn
one j-eat to each newspaper in the city ot VVasiunLr!<M),aiui
to su«'li other (iuiiy licwspapei dsewliei o iu nny apply tiu'tc-
lor; hut it any Midi papers have mote tluui one irpt#t<  ,
they may alternate, only occupying the one «cat a^sgucd to
MK'Il !K u^papt'i.
;-Vais m fix; lcpoitcis' gallery, however, shall not ho ns-
FTjued to anv ir'TMrn unless the lV'.'idinij Officer^f hall be
s that ^ueh prison is bona tide a leporior of the par-
ticular p.ipet who*e editor or c-ditors licsliull be ceitiiied
to be so elii)i'o\ ''(1.
iitso/ie-/, Thar t:ie Pie-.idjn" Officer ho authorized to
make, lroi*i tnue 10 tn;io. cueh ! 111 (her i emulations m regaul
thereto a- rtuy deemed pioper hv linn.
Mr. PEARCE. There is n single voibal error
in one of those r.*Kohuions which has occurred in
copying it, and I propose to strike it out, to
which I suppose there will he no objection. 1
move to strike out the word " other," in the sec-
ond resolution, before the word " daily/'
The amendment-was agreed to; and the resolu-
tions, as modified, were adopted.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. PUGrlX. 1 wish to say that my colltague
[Mr. Wade] and I were out of the Senate Cham-
ber when the French spoliation bill passed to a
vote yesterday. We were in the House of Rep-
resentatives at the time. We had paired off with
each other, he being in favor of the bill, and I be-
ing against it.
* pacific railroad.
Mr. GWIN. I now move to take up the Pa-
cific railroad bill.
Mr. PPTGH. I hope the Senator from Califor-
nia will not press that motion. The entire time of
the Senate has been taken up by two bills—the
Pacific railroad bill and the French spoliation bill.
Last Friday, which was the ordinary day for the
consideration of private bills, was monopolized
by one of these. Now, it is not yet time for the
orders of the day, and I think we ought to be al-
lowed to think of something else than these two
measures. I move that the Senate take up the Pri-
vate Calendar, or, rather, if my motion be in order,
I move that thq Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 334. We might at least
have the morning hour for other business, if we
cannot have any further time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the motion.of the Senator from California is a sim-
ple one. * .
Mr. PTJGH. Is it in order to amend the mo-
tion ? _
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not in that way.
Mr. GWIN. Let us dispose of this question.
The motion was agreed^ to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 65) to
authorize the President of the United States to con-
tract for the transportation of the mails, troops,
seamen, munitions of war, Army and Navy sup-
plies, and all other Government service, by rail-
road, from the Missouri river to San Francisco, ill
the State of California.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, before the ac-
quisition of California, before the discovery of its
golden treasures had allured our countrymen to
the Pacific ocean, the idea was conceived of a
railroad across the continent, which should make
our country a way of transit between the nations
of western Europe, and the teeming millions of
eastern Asia. Since the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo gave us the title deeds of that magnificent
empire on the shores ot the Pacific, and smcc
the discoveries of gold have drawn to that portion
of the globe the eyes of mankind, the attention
of the conntiy—of the public men of the coun-
try, and of the people of the country—has been
directed to the construction of a railway from
some point on the Mississippi, or thiiMissoun,
to the bay of H.m Piamisco. After years of dis-
cussion and investigation, the opinion of the peo-
plu Ins 1-een unmistakably pronounced in favor
of the wed y construction of this great national
work i voik which will carry population over
the continent, carry the light of Christian civili-
zation to the shores of the Pacific, develop the
power and width of the Republic, and bind to-
"etlier by tie-j of interest, as well as affection, the
people who are hereafter to dwell on the At-
lantic and 1'acific slopes of the Rocky Mountains.
Hut it is not my puipose, sir, to enter into the
o'oncrnl discussion of the considerations why we
should construct a Pacific railroad. Tile time for
such discussions in these Halls has passed away.
Wo arc summoned now to the consideration of
plans of detail, and to act upon specific questions.
1 conceive the only questions befoie the Senate
and the country now to be: over what route shall
this i.tilroad be located, and how shall it be con-
!' structed? I propose to address myself to the
I' consideration of these two questions, which I con-
i| ecive to be the only practical questions before the
!| Congress of the United States.
:! The Senator from New York, [Mr. Sewaud,]
I at the outset of his earnest, eloquent, and pow-
| crful appeal for the construction of a railway
1 across the continent to the shores of the Pacific,
! said that " it was only the Senators on this side
of the Rockv Mountains who required to be con-
' vmcud;" that " it was only on this side of the
mountains that the snow and ice of indifference
and prejudice remained to be removed." _ There
may be Senators who require to be con%'inced; I
am not one of that number. There may be States
wlieie the snow and ice of indifference and preju-
dice remain to be removed; Massachusetts is not
one of that number. Nor is it recent investiga-
tion that has convinced me of the necessity of
constructing a railway to the Pacific.
•More than twenty years ago—while California
was but a distant, and almost unknown, prov-
ince of the Mexican Republic, before the discov-
ery of its golden treasures had fixed on it the at-
tention of the commercial world—it was my good"
fortune to listen to Mr. Whitney, the railroad
pioneer, in the capital of my native State, New
HampsMft-e, and hear him there unfold, and de-
velop his splendid scheme for the construction of
a railway across the North American continent.
Little as was then known of the interior of the
country, or even of the region on the shores of
the Pacific; little as was then known of the loca-
tion, construction, and working of railways; it
seemed to me that a plan so grand, so compre-
hensive, so national in its scope and ch-eracter,
would, at no distant day, be an achieved result.
And, sir, during the past seven years, in seven-
teen of the States of this Union, and before as-
sembled thousands, I have advocated the policy
of the construction of a railway from some point
on the Mississippi, or Missouri, across the central
regions of the country, to the city of San Fran-
cisco. I do not suppose that I shall be considered
an enemy of the project because I cannotgive my
assent to a plan which I think comes under the
head of that class of schemes characterized by the
Senator from New York, as " shams;" because I
cannotgive my assent to a bill that, with all re-
spect to the committee which reported it, I think
should be en titled " An act to facilitate the schemes .
of speculators in the public lands, and secure to
their use and benefit those portions of the public
domain, the proceeds of which should be devoted
to the construction of a railway to the Pacific
ocean." The zeal of new converts, however, is
proverbial, and the Washington Union, in its new-
born ardor for this project, seems inclined to hold
us, who have been its steady and persistent ad-
vocates, to a rigid account for our lack of faith in
the practicability of the bill now under consid-
eration.
Put, sir, while the country is united in favor of
the construction of a Pacific railway, the people
are divided in regard to the location of the road.
That local interests and prejudices should divide
the people, will excite no surprise; but, in my
judgment, this division of public sentiment is due .
to a great extent to the conduct of the Govern-
ment in organizing and in carrying on the surveys
that have been ordered for a route for the railway.
Thosi* surveys were organized in 1853. They
were instituted under the late Secretary of War,
now a member of the Senate; and we all know
that he carried into the Cabinet ofPresident Pierce
a vehement and passionate devotion to what is
called southern rights, southern interests, and.
southern policy. No man can read the eight vol-
umes of reports of surveys that have been printed
without coming to the conclusion that the sum-
mary, the deductions, and the aiguments nwe by
the Secretary of War are not sustame'Q by the evi-
dence published in those volumes. I think, and
I believe the country-entertains the same opinion,
that the great central route, and also the northern
| route, have been belittled; that the entire policy
i of the last Administration, and of the present Ad-
ministration, has been to magnify the route along
[\ the thirty-second parallel.
j! In the fust place, I think a great mistake was
| made in the men who were sent into the field to
!' make those surveys, as we call them. We call
;! them surveys, but they arc not surveys; thejr are
i1 simply explorations and reconnoissances. The
Senator from Iowa. [Ml Harlan,] the oVher
day, asked why, with ail tnis data before us, we
could not locate the road ? Why, sir, there is no
evidence here for us to locate the road upon. All
we can get from those volumes are some general
views of the country. I think that with the offi-
cers of the Army, there should have been sent
some of those men who for a quarter ot a cen-
tury have been engaged in surveying, in locating,
in constructing, and in working the railroads of the
United States. There are such gentlemen whose
opinions, with us as well as with the business
men and the capitalists of the country, would
outweigh those of a whole battalion of officers of
the Army, intelligent as we all know them to be,
and well fitted as we all know they are for their
appropriate duties.
