308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January II,
which will yield #40,000 to the mile, to carry a
railroad across that section of the country also.
We will reserve the alternate sections on that
route, because they are worth saving.
But another reason given by the Senator from
Georgia was, that if this road was built, its ben-
efits would accrue to the northern States; it would
pass under the control of the great northern rail-
road lines, the great mammoth corporations that
have constructed railways across the continent to
the Mississippi and the Missouri. He told us
that the South would only get sometimes a stray
passenger or a stray bale of goods; but before the
close of his speech, he said that, in the South,
they paid from eight to ten per cent, on their rail-
way investments, while our roads in the North
paid but little, and sometimes nothing at all. I
would suggest to the Senator from Georgia, that
when he prepares an elaborate speech on a ques-
tion of this character, he pay more attention to
figures of arithmetic than to figures of rhetoric.
I have examined that subject—for this whole rail-
way system of ours is open to be read of all men—
and 1 find that in the sl£.ve States south of this
city, there are more than two hundred and sev-
enty million dollars invested in railroads. There
is, however, in that section of the country, but
one mile of railroad constructed to ninety-five
square miles of territory. In the free States, with
the exception of Minnesota, which has just come
into the Union, there are twenty thousand miles
of railway out of a total for the whole country
of twenty-eight thousand, and near eight hun-
dred million dollars are invested there. We have
one mile of railway to twenty square miles of
territsry. In Massachusetts we have fifteen hun-
dred miles of railway, tin 8 one mile to less than
six square miles of territory. The competition
is greater, and of course there is more rivalry be-
tween these competing roads. Many of your
southern roads have just been construetcd; they
traverse long lines of level country; many of them
are mere surface roads. They have cost much
less than our roads have cost. They have the
advantage of carrying a class of freight, cotton
especially, that can afford to pay high charges
for transportation. They have therein the ad-
vantage over our northern lines, which have to
carry wheat, com, and other agricultural prod-
ucts, of less value. The southern roads are
mostly new; time enough has not yet elapsed to
wear them away; but you will have hereafter to
lay out annually about twenty per cent, on your
running machinery, and a thousand dollars to the
mile to keep your railways in repair. That is the
average in my State; and in New York it is higher
still, being nearly two thousand dollars to the mile.
The original cost of our roads m the northern
States, east of the Alleghanies, was from forty-
five to fifty thousand dollars; west, they cost
from thiity to thirty-five thousand dollars. The
original cost of the southern loads does not aver-
age more than thirty thousand dollars.
The railways of the entire eountiy paid an
average dividend, last year, of four and a quarter
per cent. They earned about live per cent, clear
profit. A majority of southern railroads do not
pay any dividends at all. The aggregate of their
dividends is not three and a half per cent, in the
whole southern country south of this eity. The
railways ef the Senator's own Sta!e are preemi-
nently profitable,equaled,perhaps, in that respect,
by those of no other State, unless it be New Jersey;
but the ruiltoads ofalmost at! the other southern
Hiatus are in process of construction. They are
in about (he same condition as in the northwest-
ern States, where they have nearly one hundred
millions more invested it) railways than in the
whole southern section of the Union, and about
the same number of miles, and where railways
are anything but profitable at present.
Now, sir, I come to the consideration of the
question, how shall we construct a railway to the
Pacific ? i am in favor of constructing a railway
across the central route. I do not believe, and i
do not know a practical railroad msn who be-
lieves, that we can raise private capital enough,
with the security offered in the pending bill, to
locate the road to San Francisco. I will tell you
what it is, and just in my judgment what will
come by the passage of such a lull as this. Un-
der its provisions a certain class of men can take
possession of the franchise—men of capital are
not going to invest in the road; under the provis-
ions of this bill the road will«pass into the hands
of a class of men who can carry it, starting from
the mouth of the Big Sioux, opposite Sioux City,
in Nebraska, down across the Platte valley, the
best portion of Nebraska Territory, across the
front of the entire Territory of Kansas, across the
Indian Territory, and strike the so-cal'ed Pacific
railroad in Texas, a distance of more than live
hundred miles over the best portion of the country
wast of the.Missouri river.
We all remember that Texas made a grant of'
$6,000 and ten thousand acres of land to the mile
to a Pacific railroad company. I remember that
when that company was organized, the men who
got it up could not, by any possibility, have
raised $100,000 altogether, if they paid their hon-
est debts. Many of them were political bank-
rupts as well as pecuniary bankrupts—men who
had not a dollar; and some of them were men who
not only never paid a debt, but never recognized
any obligation to do so. They took two, three,
four, or five hundred thousand dollars' worth of
stock apiejee, and I think some of them subscribed
as much as $1,000,000 in this splendid scheme.
Years have passed away, and what has Texas got ?
She has got twenty-two or twenty-three miles of
railway with two cars upon it, with no depot, the
company owing everybody within hailing dis-
tance of the road; and they have imported an old,
worn-out engine from Vermont, with which, I
dare say, the Senators from that State are well
acquainted. And this is part of your grand
southern Pacific railroad. Hiese gentlemen are
out in pamphlets, proving each other great rascals,
or attempting to do so; and I think they have
generally succeeded. This whole Pacific railroad
scheme, under such a bill as this, may fall into
such hands as those. There may be, and doubt-
less are, some honest, deluded men connected
with that scheme; but the whole thing, from the
beginning, has been a gigantic swindle
Well, sir, in my judgment the managers of that
affair, and that same class of men who are to be
found all over the country, and especially around
the city of Washington, want to get hold of this
splendid railway scheme which we are discussing;
and how can they do it? All they would have
to do would be to raise SoOO.OOO-iT-and that would
be to tliein the most difficult part of the under-
taking—and deposit it as security. Then they
can begin the road at Sioux City, go five hundred
miles through a fine country, and get ^M.SOO a
mile, more than six million dollars ;and get bet ween
six and eight million acres of good land, worth
on an average at least five dollars an acre. Much
of the land over that route I know you cannot buy
to-day for ten dollars an acre. They will get six
million acres of land, worth at least thirty or forty
million dollars, and six millions in money, for
building a lailroad that need not cost them more
than twenty or twenty-five thousand dollars a
mile—or say, at the utmost, thirty thousand dol-
lars a mile; and then it could not cost more than
fifteen million dollars. Thus they can put from
fifteen to twenty-five millions into their pockets
and throw the road upon the Government, utterly
worthless as it would be; for a road of that class
would not pay its runnmgexpensesin that coun-
try. I believe that if this bill passes in its present
shape, we shall see that the men of character and
the men of capital will have nothing to do with it.
We shall see it pass into the hands of men who
will run the road down to communicate with the
southern load that is to go to El Paso, and we
shall see it constructed over about five hundred
miles, until it joins Texas, and then, perhaps, a
portion of the Texas road will be constructed
where money could be made from the lands,
and the $G,UUl) per mile granted by that State.
Then, as they approach the desert, they will
throw the road upon the Government; they will
have received millions of acres of good land,and
we shall have no Pacific railroad. Then the Gov-
ernment will have to take it up and carry it across
the Staked Plain, and carry it from El Paso to
Poit Yuma, and from Fort Yuma to San Fran-
cisco, over a country where the road will cost
fiom fifty to one hundred thousand dollars a mile,
and where the land is generally barren and worth-
less.
I know—yes, sir, I A'jioto—that a Pacific rail-
road cannot be built under this proposition. Who
has any money to invest in such a road at this
time ? Look at the four new States in the West
—Michigan, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota.
To-day railroad companies jn those States hold
millions of acres of land that can be reached from
New York in two «or three days—some of the
best land the sun shines upon. Money in New
York is at four or five per cent, per annum, and
the holders of millions arc seeking opportunities
for investment; and yet the railroads in these
States, with all this land as security, in a portion
of the country that can readily be reached, re-
main unbuilt. Many of those lines of railroad
are paralysed and bankrupt. The Northwest has
no money to put into a Pacific railroad. >
How is it with Maryland? Maryland has as
many railroads as she can take care of now, as
the Senators from that State will certify. There
is her great line that she has carried across the
Alleghanies to the Ohio. You can buy the stock
of that road for about sixty per cent.—a great line
that carries more than a thousand passengers per
mile, making no dividends.
How is it in Virginia? They have embarked in
a splendid scheme of internal improvements. I
hope that they are to succeed, for I would glory
in their prosperity; but the government*of Vir-
ginia will have to be well managed if it does not
get involved.
How is it South, in North Carolina? Her rail-
roads are almost worthless. South Carolina has
already had to stop one of her great lines. Geor-
gia is prosperous, and I am glad she is so, but 1
think she has enough to do to take care of her
own interests, and has no millions to sink in the
Rocky Mountain passes.
Mr. TOOMBS. Notadollar.
Mi\ WILSON. Then we come to Kentucky
and Tennessee. The Kentucky roads are almost
worthless. The Tennessee roads are in process
of construction—prosperous, I hope, they will be;
but Tennessee has all she can do to carry out the
policy she has adopted. Missouri has already
become indebted about twenty-five million dollars
for railways. Two of her lines were unable, on
the 1st of January, to pay the interest on their
bonds, and fell back on the State government for
relief. There is not a spare dollar m Missouri to
invest in this road.
Ifyougo, then, toNewYork,you will find that
the capitalists of that city now refuse to invest, to
any considerable extent, in railroads %vest, and
take land securities; though money, as I have
said, is just now a drug in New Yoik.
Go to Boston, and if there is any money in the
country to build this road it will be found in New-
York and Boston. In Massachusetts, we have
over one hundred million dollars invested in rail-
roads; about sixty-nine million dollars of that sum
in our own State, and of the rust, some is down
ill Georgia, and a great deal of it is west, in tile
Illinois Centra!, and the Michigan Central, and the
Michigan Southern, and other roads. These out-
side investments do not pay very well. I will say
nothing about the Vermont Central, and some
other lines; but I say that their investments out
of New England do not encourage our capitalists
to put money into an undertaking of this charac-
ter. You cannot raise in the city of Boston, or in
the State of Massachusetts, money under tins bill
to put into a Pacific railioad. The effect of the bill,
if you pass it, will be to squanuei thirty or foity
million dollars in value of good land, from the j||g
Sioux to the frontiers of Texas; or it' the cen-
tral route should be selected from Council Bluffs,
or from some point up the Platte river toward
the Rocky Mountains, five or six hundred miles
of country over which you can build a railroad
as easily as you can lay it along Pennsylva-
nia avenue. These lands, the benefit of which
j ought to go to carry the road through the Rocky
Mountains, and through the deserts, wiS be seized
; by speculators, and the money of the Government
j will be absorbed; and then, when the Rocky
I Mountains are reached, we must build the road
across them. As a measure to complete a road,
this bill is not worth the paper it is written upon.
I am ready to commence at once, as I proposed
in the amendment I have submitted, to put en-
gineers on the line, to make a survey and locate
the road, and borrow $10,000,000 annually, at five"
per cent., as can be done at a premium, and go to
work and build the road, setting apai t the country
for one or two hundred miles on each side of the
route, the sales of the land within which limits
are to constitute a perpetual sinking fund to pay
