1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
300
the debt incurred in the construction. I will vote
for such abiilas that, but with tlieidea distinct in
my mind, which I think I can demonstrate, that
every dollar put into a Pacific railroad by any-
body, must be sunk. Nobody supposes that-a
road can be built across these two thousand miles
cheaper than the average cost of the railroads of
the United States; you must commence at the ends
of the roads: you must work into the country
from both ends; you must use your road as you
build it, to carry men and materials, for you
liave no people in the interior; you cannot ap-
proach the line by any flank movement.
This bill allows twelve years to build it in.
Suppose it be twelve years: twenty-five or thirty
millions must be consumed in interest, and sev-
eral millions must be lost in the wear of the road.
Now, I am ready to sink $150,000,000 to make
such a road, for 1 consider it a mere bagatelle; it
does not amount to anything to this great coun-
try. The building of the road, although the stock
will be worthless, will be worth to the country,
pecuniaiily, hundreds of millions, to say nothing
of increased national strength and power. We
built a road at a cost of $80,000 a mile across the
State of Vermont—the Vermont Central—over
one hundred miles long, and it cost $3,000,000.
The stock and first bonds are worthless. The
road hardly pays its running expenses, and yet
the $8,000,000 sunk in it were not thrown away.
The road added to Vermont and to New England
millions of dollars more than it cost. I look upon
this Pacific railroad in the same light; and I would
bo thankful, when we had built it, if the road
could support itself; but I doubt it, and I think
you will have to paif a pretty high price for car-
rying your munitions of war, your troops, and
your mails, over the line when completed.
But, sir, we were told the other day how many
passengers we were to have; and the Senator from
California told us there had been one hundred
thousand in some years between the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts. One hundred thousand for two
thousand miles would be fifty to the mile. Then
he said it might go up to two hundred and fifty
thousand, which would be one hundred and twen-
ty-five passengers to the mile. We have railroads
in New England that carry twenty thousand pas-
sengers to the mile yearly. The average passen-
gers over the Massachusetts roads are eight thou-
sand to the mile, yearly, and the roads divide only
three and a half to four per cent.; they do not earn
more than five and a half per cent, over expenses,
and some of thetn are in debt. The Eastern rail-
road carried one million three hundred thousand
passengers last year—twenty thousand to the
mile; but its stock can be bought to-day for forty-
six dollars, and it has not made a dividend for
several years; itisin debt, and it usesits income
to discharge the debt.
I have before me a report of the New York
roads, and I find that the New York Central road
carried last year five thousand passengers to the
mile; the Erie railroad two thousand; the Hudson
River railroad ten thousand to the mile. The
Erie railroad, carrying its two thousand passen-
gers to the mile, cost about sixty thousand dollars
a mile; a little.more, perhaps, than the Pacific
railroad would cost, or about the same; and its
stock is worth about seventeen percent. It makes
no dividend, yet carries two thousand passengers
to a mile. The Hudson River railroad, costing
about eighty thousand dollars a mile,carried ten
thousand passengers to the mile; it made no div-
idend last year; its stock can be bought to-day
for thirty per cent. Then the Illinois Central,
that great line of railway, carried, last year, one
thousand passengeis to the mile, about seven
times as many per mile as is estimated over this
road, even by its warmest friends, who think a
road can be built out of the wild lands in the
Rocky Mountains. The Illinois Central road
made no dividend last vear, and but for the grants
of land along its line, I think its stock would be
of little value.
The southern Michigan railroad carried one
thousand five hundred passengers to the mile; and
the Senalor from Michigan knows what its stock
is worth, and what dividends it makes. I tell you,
sir, that you may go into this examination; you
may take up the railroads of New England, the
West, the central States, and of the South; yoa
may analyze their receipts, and you will find that
the roads generally carry from one thousand to
ten thousand to the mile. The New Jersey Cen-
tral carries over twenty thousand to the mile, and
yet only makes eight per cent, dividend. It takes
population, it takes a travel of more than one
hundred and twenty-five to the mile to support a*
railroad, unless that road has valuable freights.
The idea was sneered at the other day that
freights could not be carried across this continent
by railroad. The wholeideathat a heavy freight-
ing business can be carried over the road, is one
of the mostabsurdand ridiculous that ever entered
the minds of sensible men. Sir, suppose you
wished to carry two thousand tons of freight from
New York to San Francisco, and your road was
constructed: what would it cost to transport it
across thecoun try; and what would it cost to carry
it around by way of Cape Horn ? I have exam-
ined the cost of freight transportation in Now
England over the Worcester and the Western
railroads, and it is about four cents per ton a mile.
I have here a report of the New York Central
road, and I find that the charge there varies from
two to five cents, and averages nearly four cents
a ton. I find that on the Pennsylvania roads and
the western roads the rate is about the same—four
cents to the mile per ton. I find that on the south-
ern roads, where they carry cotton and other ar-
ticles that can afford to pay high rates of freight,
they charge four, five, and six cents a ton to the
mile. The Reading railroad that carries coal, the
article that can be most cheaply transported, brings
it for $1 91 per ton ninety-eight miles to Phila-
delphia. Everybody who has been in that district
knows how easy it is to load their trains. The
cars are made to carry coal; yet this road charges
two cents a mile for such freight, and does not
make money at that.
Now, suppose we take the lowest rate that we
find charged in the United States—the rate of two
cents a ton per mile for carrying coal on the Rend-
ing railroad: we will call it three thousand miles
from New York to San Francisco across the con-
tinent. What will it cost to take two thousand
tons of freight across? You can ship it on board
a ship of two thousand tons and carry it UrSan
Francisco for twelve dollars a ton, or in all ,#24,000.
You want to carry it across the country at two
cents a ton a mile. The cargo would be carried
by railroad for $120,000; around Cape Horn for
a fifth of that sum. This is at the rate they carry
coal on the Pennsylvania railroads. I am inclined
to think that $96,000 added to these articles would
be regarded as quite an addition, even on the
shores of the Pacific, and they would prefer to
wait the difference of ninety days between com-
ing around on a clipper-ship to going across the
continent. To take two thousand tons of freight
you want ten trains, ten large engines with twen-
ty-five cars each, and eight tons to the car, to steam
it across the country. To carry two thousand
tons of freight at the lowest conceivable rate, at
•only about fifty per cent, of what the railroads
generally charge,would involve a cost of $120,000;
while you can carry it for $24,000 by ship, and
freight by shipping has been lower than it is now.
Do not tell me, then, that you can carry heavy
freight three thousand miles by railroad in com-
petition with ships built in our time—clipper
ships that sail almost as fast as a railroad freight
train travels ! It is utterly impossible. You will
carry what is needed in the interior of the coun-
try; you will carry what the immediate demands
of the people require; you will carry some fine
and costly fabrics, light, compact, and valuable.
These will go across the country both ways; but
the idea that the great mass of freight will go, is
ridiculous. We have paid $8,000,000 for freights
to California. The proposition that all goods are
to go to California by railroad cannot bear analysis
for a moment. There is not a practical railroad
man in the country that does not know it.
I believe the construction of this railway across
the country to be a great national concern, and I
am ready to vote for it; but I do not want to vote
for it so as to deceive myself or anybody elke. I
am willing to meet the question as it is; a great
enterprise on which you are to expend millions
of dollars. But if you want to sell it, it would be
like selling n fort that you had spent $10,000,000
upon—valuable to the country for defense; but
worthless as an article of commerce. But, sir,
this bill I look upon as a mere tub to the whale;
it is a sort of answer to the general wish of the
country for a railroad. There is an undefined
but deep sentiment in the country for a railroadt
and this meets that demand. • Why, sir, if I
owned the Tehuantepec route, or the Panama
route, or the route across Central America; or.if
I owned the Pacific mail steamship line, or was
in any way interested in any or all of them, I
should care nothing for a bill of the kind which
is before Congress. Those concerns will never
be injured by the building of a railroad across the
continent to San Francisco under the provisions
of this bill.
The Senator from Mississippi, and I must ex-
press my utter amazement when I read his bill,
proposes to give sections of land and $10,000,000,
to build a railroad across the country. According
to the Senator's own representations, two thirds
of the land is not arable; and he proposes to give
three thousand eight hundred and forty acres of
land, only one third of which is arable, and
$5,000 to the mile, to build a railroad across the
country to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. DAVIS. When did the Senator from Mis-
sissippi make that proposition ?
Mr. WILSON. I believe the bill is ntfw pend-
ing as an amendment. Is it not?
Mr. DAVIS. It is $10,000,000 to connect the
States of the Atlantic and the Pacific by railroad.
Mr. WILSON. How do I understand the
Senator ?
Mr. DAVIS. The substitute proposes to give
$10,000,000 to connect the States of the Atlantic
and the Pacific.
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President, we were
contemplating the question of building a Pacific
railroad; and a Pacific railroad by any of the
routes will be about two thousand miles in length
from the Mississippi, and $10,000,000 to build it
would be about five thousand dollars to the mile.
If the proposition is simply a proposition to con-
nect Texas, at El Paso, with California, at Fort
Yuma, then I understand the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. That is not the proposition.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator tell us what
it means, then? How are we to connect with the
Pacific ?
Mr. DAVIS.. It means to build a road across
the territory intermediate; and the Senator may,
according to his construction, select the central
route and connect California and Missouri or
Iowa, if ho believes what he has stated in relation
to that route and the land upon it.
Mr. WILSON. I not only believe it, but I think
it is the general belief, especially among those
who have studied the subject. Now I come back
to where the Senator interrupted me, and say that
my original declaration was, in substance, cor-
rect. Suppose we take the central route, and start
from Missouri to California: what is the distance ?
You are to have three thousand eight hundred and
forty acres of land to the mile, and $10,000,000
divided along the line, be it more or less. The
distance is about two thousand miles, and that
makes about five thousand dollars a mile, The
proposition is much lower than the proposition
maue by the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,]
which is to give $12,500 to the mile, instead of
$5,000, and to give twenty sections of land instead
of six sections.
I have said that I do not believe the railway
can be built m this mode; and therefore I am in
favor of the bill which I presented, and of build-
ing the road on the central route, through the
South Pass to California, or starting within cer-
tain limits and going to the Canadian river, and
up that river to Albuquerque, thence across the
Colorado through the Tulare Valley to San Fran-
cisco. Here both the beginningS'and endings are
central. There may be a deflection south, if it
can be best built in that direction. Then in order
to encourage the settlement of the country; in
order to encourage the building of the road, if
they want a road over the thirty-second parallel,
give them the whole country south of the thirty-
fourth parallel to build it. Then let us establish
from Lake Superior to Puget Sound a mail route,
and let us give, say fifty alternate sections to the
mile over that route, so arranging the act that the
land cannot be sold to speculators, but must be
sold to actual settlers at $1 25 an acre. Let this
, be given, and then let them work towards the
I Pacific ocean there as fast as the public lands and
| settlements will enable them to go.
J The lands are worthless to the Government
j now, and in the ordinary course of events can-
