1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1391
than the volunteers of the same description in tile service \
of the United States. i
Mr. HUNTER. I raise a question of order
upon the amendment to the amendment. It does
not come from any committee, and is not in pur-
suance of an estimate.
Mr. WARD. It is recommended by the Sec-
retary of War, as I-understand it.
Mr. HUNTER. Unless it is in pursuance of
a specific estimate, or is reported by a committee,
the amendment is not in order. I think the
ator is mistaken as to its being recommended by
the Secretary of War, unless there is something
in the papers that I have not seen.
Mr. WARD. The recommendation, according
to my recollection, is this: he recommended that
all the just claims, that were shown to be such,
should be immediately paid to Texas.
Mr. HUNTER. That would not cover this
case; but I shall not dispute about it. I simply
ask for the decision of the Chair. •
The PRESI DING OFFICER. The rule of the
Senate referred to by the Senator from Virginia
is the 30th rule, which requires either the recom-
mendation of a standing or a select committee, or
an estimate for the amount by the head of a De- \
partment, to authorize an amendment of this kind.
The Chair understands that this amendment is
not moved by a committee, and is not ill pur-
suance of an estimate, and therefore it cannot be j
received as in order.
Mr. WARD. The recommendation of the De-
partment was to pay all the claims of the State of
Texas that were considered just. We aie pre-
pared to show that these claims are just. We
have not all the vouchers, to be sure, nor have
they ever been required in other cases.
Mr. HUNTER. It requires an estimate for
the amount, and there is'no estimate here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stated that it required a specific estimate for the
amount of the appropriation. A general recom-
mendation, recommending something to be paid,
would not bring the case within the 30th rule.
Mr. WARD. I was going upon the presump-
tion of what has been allowed to other States as
prima facie evidence upon which to predicate an
appropriation. There are many cases which I
could present, where nothing more was deemed
necessary upon which to base an appropriation
than has been presented in this case. It has been
shown clearly that the emergency did exist. We
have the authority of the Governor, and of the
Legislature, authenticated by the seal of the State,
that the troops were.called out, that they served,
and were paid. This is all that lias ever been
required of any State heretofore; and I do not
think an instance can be shown where anything
more has been required as prima facie evidence
upon which to predicate a bill to pay the amount
asked for, subject to the filing of the necessary
vouchers hereafter. Texas has asked for nothing
but what has been allowed to other States. She
asks for but little in the way of private claims.
Your Calendar will very rarely show any case at
all from Texas. My object is 
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator does not appeal,
and he cannot debate the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not
strictly in order. The Chair will hear the sug-
gestion of the Senator by unanimous consent. If
an appeal be not taken, the amend men t is regarded
by the Chair as out of order. The question is
upon the amendment proposed by the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear that
amendment read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that it was
stated—if it was I did not hear it—how much is
proposed by this amendment; that is, how much
the sum will be. I do not know but that it may
have been stated by the Senator from Texas, but
I could not hear his remarks from the other side
of the Chamber. I understood it to be an appro-
priation to pay for volunteers mustered into the
service of the United States. Am I correct?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that be so, unless there
is some statute that I am not aware of, there is
no authority for mustering volunteers into the
service of the United States. On a former occa-
sion I made this point, and tsied to get the atten-
tion of the Senate to it, and I hope I may have
fts attention now or.the attention of the members
who are here, to this point. I want to know if
the President of the United States has authority'
to muster volunteers into the service of the Uni-
ted States; and if he has, how he gets it?
Mr. GREEN. He has on our side.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is to be decided on
that ground that he is " on ourside,"and if" our
side" is prepared to sustain the President in any
assumption of authority, however unwarranted,
and however unconstitutional, that will settle it;
but if such a power as this exists in the hands of
the President at his discretion, to muster volun-
teers into the service of the United States, I think
Congress has very little to do.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator desires an answer
I will give it to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The point is simply this: There
being Indian disturbances, authority was given
to muster these volunteers into the service of the
United States, to put down the insurrection of
Indian tribes—that is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand thatthe Pres-
ident gives this authority. I am not discussing
that point; my point is, where did the President
get the authority to muster troops into the United
States as volunteers, in case of insurrection?
Mr. DAVIS. From the act of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL.* I will be glad to see that
act of Congress, or to have a reference to it. I
will state what I understand to be the act of Con-
gress, and that will explain the point which I de-'
sire to present. The statute is, that in case of
invasion or a sudden insurrection, the President
of the United States has authority to call out the
militia; and, by a subsequent law, he has author-
ity to use the Xrmy, where he was before author-
ized to use the militia. If lie calls upon the mili-
tia, they are governed by their own officers; they
do not become United States troops, to be mus-
tered into the service of the United States; but
they are the militia of the State. Here these per-
sons were mustered into the service of the United
States. I take it that the statute which I have
stated is all the law that there is on the subject.
If there is another, I should be very glad to see
it. I desire to find out the authority of the Pres-
ident for mustering volunteers into the service of
the United States. I take it this is all the author-
ity there is on the subject. I read from the act
of 1795:
« Be it enacted, 4'e., That whenever the United States
shall be invaded, or be in imminent danger of invasion from
any foreign nation oi Indian tribe, it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States 10 call foitli sucll number of
i the militia of the Stati;, or States, most convenient to the
place of dangei,or scene of action, as he niavjud^e neces-
sary to repel suell invasion, and to isMie his oiders for tiiat
purpose, to such officer or officers of the milam, as he shall
think proper.''
That does not authorize the mustering of the
militia as volunteers into the service of the United
i States. It is a very different thing. The Presi-
dent must come to Congress for authority to raise
;! volunteers. You may say that it is very import-
i| ant in this particular case, that no great harm is
done; but is the Congress of the United States
l| prepared to surrender up to the President author-
n ity to his will to muster volunteers into its ser-
:i vice ? If they are, some President in whom the
! majority shall have less confidence than they
!j have in the present Chief Magistiate, may liius-
ij ter volunteers in this way; he may do it for a
I] purpose which none of us would approve. I
|, admit the right touse the militia; and I admit the
l' right to use the Army by a subsequent law, the
act of 1807 amendatory of this statute of 1795,
1 which authorized the President of the United
ij States to use the regular troops wherever he was
1 before authorized to use the militia; but I have
'! never seen a statute, and I apprehend none can
be found, that authorized the Presidentto muster
volunteers into the service of the United States.
Sir, the tendency of the times shows a dispo-
sition, on the part of the Executive, to assume
authority. We see it in various propositions
before this Congress. A proposition has been
made virtually to surrender the war-making power
to the President; to authorize him to make war
at his pleasure; to demand redress of grievances,
without coming to Congress——
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois allow me to interrupt him for a moment:
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to know from the
Senator what is the difference between volunteers
and militia? According to my understanding,
volunteers are militia. There are but two kinds
of troops known to ouriaws—regular soldiers and
militia, and volunteers are militia. Everybody
knows that; and if the Senator from Illinois does
not, he is the only man in the United States that,
does not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Georgia
does not apprehend my point.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 understand that it is, that
the President of the United States has not a right
to muster militia into the service of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; the Senator misun-
derstands me.
Mr. IVERSON. The President is obliged to
muster them in order to make them subject to the
articles and rules of war.
Mr. LANE. All volunteers are subject to the
rules of the militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will try to make my
friend from Georgia understand my point. It is
not that the militia may not be composed of vol-
unteers; but these are troops called into the ser-
vice of the United States under a United States
officer. Iif there no difference when the President
of the United Stateicalls out the militia of Geor-
gia to act under itajg^n officers, from the case of
the President calling for volunteers from Georgia
and they enlist into the regular service to act
under United States officers ?
Mr. IVERSON. Volunteers elect their own
officers, and act under their own officers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The statute directs the
President in a case of this kind to issue his or-
ders, not to an Army officer of the United States;
but it is to be done through the-States. The men
who passed this law had some regard to StatQ
rights; tlicy did not allow the President of the
United States to call for volunteers to enter into
the Army of the United States to put down an
insurrection or invasion; but they authorized the
President to call for such number of the militia
of the State as he judged necessary, and for that
purpose to issue liis orders to such officer oroifi
cers of the militia as he should think proper.
Mr. IVERSON. That is just the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not this case. I
do not understand that any orders were issued to
the militia officers of Texas to put down this in-
surrection. The amendment is to pay for volun-*
teers called out by General Smith. He was not
a militia officer of the State of Texas; he wa£an
officer of the Army of the United States. I think
the distinction is very manifest between the mil-
itia of the State, called out to put down an insur-
rection, and volunteers mustered into the service
of the United Stales, not as the militia of the State,
'j but as regular soldiers. Where is it to stop? Can
1 the Presidentcal! out volunteers and muster them
!i into service whenever he shall think it necessary
:■ to repel the invasion of an Indian tribe?
!i Mr. IVERSON. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Geor-
gia says he may. I do not so understand the law.-
I see no warrant for the President to call for vol-
unteers. I see no way for the President to get
troops except in the mode pointed out by the act
of 1795; and whenever ho wants volunteers in the
service of" the country, he must come to Congress
for authority to raise volunteers.
Now, sir, a little further as to paying these
troops in Texas. I am not sufficiently advised
to know whether the case arose from an invasion
of the State of Texas; that would authorize his
calling out the militia. But, suppose that that case
did arise, and he was authorized to do it: I ask,
and I would like to know from the Senators from
Oregon, why the troop^cailed out in Oregon are
not to be paid as well as thoserin Texas? Why
do we not put in the appropriation bill a provis-
r ion to pay them ail? I do not object to paying
the expenses necessarily incurred in defending
the State of Texas. There may be a propriety
I in paying them. But 1 dislike, in making the
i payment, to sanction the principle that the Pres-
i ident of the United States has authority, at any
! time, to muster volunteers into the service of the
, United States. The militia may be called out,
! and the militia may be subject, as militia, to the
! general orders of the United States; but I think
! that a very different thing from mustering volun-
