310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
not be reacbcd by emigration for years. I think
a policy of that character, which would be a lib-
eral and generous policy, might, in a series of
years, carry a railroad over that northern route,
by the aid of such a land grant, and especially if
English capitalists, -wishing to run their Grand
Trunk railway to the Pacific, should choose to
invest their money in the undertaking. They
have, already, the control of roadsfrom Portland
to Montreal,and from Montreal to Toronto, con-
necting with the Canadian railroad at Niagara
Falls, and running thence to Detroit. I under-
stand they have got possession of the Detroitand
Milwaukee railway, and that they are looking to
get the control of the railway across Wisconsin
—the Milwaukee and La Crosse railroad.
It may be that their "surveying parties will find
that it will be difficult to construct a railroad north
of Lake Superior; and that they may be persuaded,
as they ought to be, that it is a matter of not the
slightest consequence to them whether the railroad
runs through their own territory or a hundred
miles south of it through ours. That is a point
of no importance to them in a commercial light.
They may be willing to invest their capital and
take the lands as they settled at $1 25 an acre, as
their security, and in time work a railroad along
that route. 1 his route has better water, and more
of it. It has better timber, and more of it. It can
be approached by water. The waters of the Mis-
souri at or near Fort Benton and the navigable
waters of the Columbia are within four or five
hundred miles of each other. A railway can bo
built in time across that divide, especially after a
Jew years more shall have elapsed, when our pop-
ulation shall have made further progress west-
ward. The difficulty in selling western lands to
build railroads with, at this time, is that in land
speculations we have gone some years ahead of
the demands of the country. That is one reason
why our friends m the northwestern States, to I
whom we have made magnificent grants of land,
find it difficult to constmct their roads.
I think the course { have proposed is that sug-
gested by sound policy, and I should like to re-
commit this bill, or in some way put it in such a
shape that we shall, as a Government, undertake
the construction of a railroad starting between
the mouths of the Big Stoux and Kansas rivers,
crossing ihe continent to San Francisco on a line
north of the thirty-fifth or thirty-sixth parallel
and south of the torty-third parallel. Let that
be a great national work; for the idea of the coun-
try is to go to Sau Francisco and not to Paget
Sound, not to San Diego, where there is none and
never can be any. Then let us give our south-
ern friends, those gentlemen who want a road on
which they can go to the Pacific ocean when
they dissolve the (Jnion, all the lands they want,
souih of the thirty-fuurth parallel, and let them
make the most of them. I hope they may make
$1U(J,000,000 out of them, for I should rejoice in
their prosperity. Then let us give lands on the
noithern line, and curry out the ideas suggested
by the Senator from Minnesota and the Senator
fiom Wisconsin. What they want in that vast
northern region is a people. They want settlers;
and a pohey of this kind will carry settlers from
Lake Superior a thousand miles to the Rocky
Mountains, and if the engineers who went over
this route aie to be believed, even in the Rocky
Mountains is to be found good land. Beyond the
Rocky Mountains to Puget Sound, there wtll be
found not only a great country, but across that
line, in time, I do not doubt we arc to have a
great commercial route connecting the northern
lakes with Puget Sound.
These are my views. I am for a Pacific railroad;
but I do not believe in the idea of attempting to
run a road to the Pacific ocean merely by grants
of land, within any reasonable period. If 1 make
a grant to the northern line, I do not expect a
road to be built there for some time. 1 do not
even expect it to be commenced at once. I know
it cannot be done in earnest in the present finan- 1
cial condition of the world. Neither do / expect,
any such thing over the southern line. But we j
want a central road; we want it begun now; wo
wanf it completed as speedily as possible; and to |
do that, let us take the money of the Government, i
and build it as cheaply as cash can build it, and i
k<ien the lands, reset vmg their proceeds as a sink-:
ing tund to nn-et the bonds which may be made j
due thirty or forty years hence. We shall then '
have seventy or eighty million people, and their
redemption will be but a light tax on such a nation.
During that period,in my judgment, it will have
added hundreds of millions to the wealth of the
country, and the addition it will make to the power
and strength of the Union is beyond the calcula-
tion of the human intellect.
Mr. HARLAN obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Iowa will
allow me, I should like to make a few remarks in
reply to some portion of the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, which affect me indi-
vidually.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not intend to occupy the
attention of the Senate but three or four minutes
myself.
Mr. DAVIS. I will wait, of course, then, until
the Senator concludes.
Mr. HARLAN. The* Senator from Massachu-
setts, who has just closed his elaborate and very
able speech, intimated in the outset that I had
erred in suggesting that the railroad surveys and
explorations had been sufficiently accurate to jus-
tify Congress in locating the general route of a
road. He remarked that no survey had been
made, in the proper sense of that word; that it
was a mere exploration. The only answer I have
to make to this is, that it is such a survey as engi-
neers always make in advance of the definite se-
lection of a railroad route. They have taken the
estimates of the general elevations and depres-
sions from mile to mile along these several routes
proposed, from which they have been able to con-
struct profiles showing the probable cost of con-
struction on each line; and from these it appears
to me that the Senator has erred in supposing
that the northern line would be the cheaper and
better route. I will read from the 16th page of
the first volume of the Pacific railroad reports:
" The survey of the western portion of thi* route, by
Lieutenant l eekwith, has resulted in the discoveiy of a
more direct and practicable route than was believed to ex-
ist fiom the Great Salt Lake to the valley of the Sacra-
mento. Since lus repoit was made, a bnef communication
lroiqgftrcvct Lieutenant Colonel Steptoe, commanding the
tiooprin Utah, has announced the discovery of a still more
direct route from Great Salt Lake to San t'lanci^eo. The
new poition of this loute parses to the so-itli ol' Humboldt
or Mary'«s river, and, entirely avoiding the difficulties expe-
rienced by tiavelers along that stream, pioceeds to the val-
ley of Carson river, being well supplied with water and
grass, Fiom Carson uver, it crosses the Sierra Nevada by
the passes af the head of that liver, and descend.-* to the
valley of the Sacramento, being practicable tlnoughout lor
wagons."
,£ In the absence of instrumental surveys alFoidtng data
lor the construction of pioliles, no opinion can bo formed
as to the practicability ot this route toi a uuiroad. Should
it be found practicable, howcvci, it will lessen the length
of the route of the forty-first paiallel, and still further di-
mmi>h its difficulties, already known to be lets than on any
other route, except that ot tlie thnty~s>ccond parallel."
It is the latter part of this statement to which
I wish to call the attention of the Senate. It is
already known that the route up the valley of the
Platte, and through the South Pass, or through a1
nass sixty miles south of it, following the Lodge
Pole creek, and thence down the descent of the
llocky Mountains to the Great Salt Lake valley,
is the cheapest and most practicable route of any
above the thirty-second parallel; and if we refer
to the reports in detail of the northern, or Gov-
ernor Stevens's route, this statement of the Secre-
tary of War will be found to be strictly true, and
that the statements made by Governor Stevens,
in his recent speech in New York, ought to bo
received with some grains of allowance. I read
fiom page 51:
" Governor Stevens estimates that theie are four thou-
sand square mile? of tillable land on the eastern slopes of
the Rocky Mountains, and that the mountain valleys on the
western slopes contain six thousand squaie miles of arable
land.
•'The preliminary jeport of the geologist of the party,
made from Washington Tertitory, where he wa& still en-
gaged in the field when the repott of Governor Stevens
Wxis prepaiud, faded to teaeh the lattei, who thus was not
affoidod the means of coireetitig opinions ioimed iioin
tho-e appearances of lertihtv presented by the giowth of
glasses, &c., which are liable to mislead, especially after
tiaversmg a region devoid of such verdure. A more thor-
ough exainiu mon of the coimtiy and soil proves that very
little, if any, ot the eastern slope of the Rocky Mountains
is suitable for cultivation; and that the valleys of the
stieams east of the mountains, and those we&t, are capable
ol sustaining merely small agrieultuial settlements. The
greater portion of thes-e valleys aie only suited for grazing
land-s; and this mmmtnm legion. de^enhed as containing
ten thousand acies of arable land, admirably adapted by
natme lor a grazing country, can never sustain a large ag-
licultmal population.
" There mu&t be some numerical error in the estimate of
the area of the grassed lands between the Bitter Root and
the Rocky Mountains, since careful measurements in the
office make it much less than that given above."
After giving a statement of the character of the
country on the northern route, it proceeds:
" So that of the two thousand and twenty-five miles from
St. Paul to Seattle, on Puget Sound, we have only a space
of about five hundred and thirty-five miles of fertile coun-
try ; the remaining one thousand four hundred and ninety
miles being over unculuvable prairie soil, or mountain
land producing only lumber, with the limited exceptions of
occasional river-bottoms, mountain valleys, or prairie."
An examination of the reports of the surveys
will show, as I stated a few days since, that this
is not a better route than that up the Platte val-
ley. Both have very great difficulties; they have
very broad expanses of country that are perfectly
sterile, composed of rocky*ranges of mountains
and fruitless plains and sterile valleys. On the
Stevens's route, as you proceed from the head
waters of the Missouri, you will encounter great
difficulties in the passes of the mountains that
do not occur on the central; and as you descend
by the valleys beyond, they are scarcely dimin-
ished. The valleys of the streams adopted are
exceedingly crooked and narrow, being hemmed
in by the spurs of the mountains. Governor
Stevens reports that he has been compelled to
adopt " the minimum curves"—the very least it
is possible for trains to travel with safety. Ho
also reports that the rivers there, in consequence
of the narrowness of the valleys, arc liable to
floods of twenty or thirty feet in perpendicular
height, rendering necessary high embankments
and large cuts on the sides of the mountains,
throwing the level of the road far above the
streams, occasioning difficulties in procuring
water, even in its immediate vicinity. So great
are these difficulties as to warrant the Secretary
of War, in computing the comparative cost of the
j several routes surveyed, in estimating the cost of
this at $140,000,000—$34,000,000 more than the
central route.
That subsequentRurveys would enable the eon-
tractors to avoid some of these difficulties, is
probable. But this is true, also, as I have al-
ready shown, of Platte valley road.
I will not detain the Senate with additional re-
marks, at this time, in regard to the two routes.
It cannot be expected, however, that the repre-
sentatives of the States south of Mason and
Dixon's line can be induced to vote for a road on
the most extreme northern route that is found to
be at all practicable. The Senator himself says
that he will not vote for the extreme southern
route. If he will not vote for a route on the ex-
treme southern boundary of the Republic, can he
expect his brother Senators of the South to vote
for the route he indicates ? Nor would it be just
to their own constituents, if the central route is
equally practicable.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to say a word? The Senator has proceeded to
make an argument against what I certainly did
not say, for I said distinctly in my speech that I
would not vote for a southern route, and did not
expect anybody to vote for a route on the British
frontier, though 1 thought it was a good route. I
said I was in favor of building a central route:
and he and myself precisely agree.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 am happy to be corrected.
Then I misapprehended the whole tenor of the
Senator's remarks on .that point. I began to fear,
sir, in consequence of this misapprehension, that
the Senator would not agree to any route that a
majority of the Senate would be likely to adopt.
This, coming from New England,would he unjust
to the people of the Northwest; and J think I
ought to state here, representing, in part, one of
the northwestern States, that we expect, and have
a right to expect, New England to stand by us in
our appeal to Congress for aid in the construction
of this great national road. The united votes of
her Senators, with those from New York and
Pennsylvania, will render our success certain.
We have, northwest of the Ohio river, five States,
with ten Senators on this floor. We have, west
of the Mississippi river, three States—Missouri,
Iowa, and Minnesota—with six Senators, in all
sixteen, who are bound by every principle of in-
terest, as well as patriotism, to vote for any prac-
ticable proposition. The Senators from I\ew
York and Pennsylvania, I believe, have expressed
themselves in favor of the road, increasing the
number to twenty; New England's twelve Sena-
tors increases the number to thirty-two; Califor-
