HP--vso p.
February 26,
been made by the Government. They appear to
"have been such things as were required for the
[support arid health, and comfort of troops—pro-
visions, forage* tents, and other camp equipage
andfurniture, medicine stores, horse-shoeing, &c.,
and which, were retained by them after they were
regularly mustered into the service of the Federal
Government. The amount of the account thus
niade, and which was paid out of the appropria-
tion alluded to, was some twenty thousand dol-
lars, and was only applicable to the time and
exigency of things while the troops were assem-
bled in Austin. But, besides this, the State of
-Texas was compelled to pay, and has actually
paid, to these troops, some sixty thousand dollars
or more, for the time they were in the field, (and
for a large portion of it actually rendering service,)
before they were formally mustered into service
by the Federal officer. This condition of things
occasioned by the contradictory orders of the
Federal officers ought not to deprive Texas of a
right to reimbursement for the money she was
thus compelled to expend. The $68,000, to which
the Senator refers as having been paid to these
troops, was paid by the United States after the
troops were formally mustered into servfce, and
not for that period in which Texas founds her
present claim—a claim which the majority of the
committee consider well founded, and upon which
she does not appear to have r^eived a dollar.
There is another branch of me claim set up by
Texas, which the committee do not recommend
should now be paid. Besides the six companies
called into the service by authority of the Federal
Government, there were other companies called
out subsequently, by the Governor of Texas,
without the authority of the President.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the Senator from South
Carolina allow me to ask him, if there was any
evidence showing that those troops received no
more pay than that allowed to troops in the Uni-
ted Stales Army ?
Mr. CHESNUT. There was none such. In
relation to the six companies called out, under
order of General Smith, the amendment proposed
guards that point. In relation to the companies
called out. by the Governor on his own conviction
of the public necessity, the committee have de-
termined that no allowance ough tnowtobemade.
There was before them no evidence, either of the
necessity of the call or of the rate of pay allowed
to the soldiers, or of the propriety of the sum said
to be expended.
The two branches of the claim stand on dif-
ferent grounds. The first ought to be paid, the
other should be allowed to stand, while the Sen-
ate awaits a further and fuller development of the
testimony.
Mr. SMITH. I rise, Mr. President, for the
purpose of noticing the remarks which the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire submitted,
a short time ago, to the Senate. It seems that
that honorable genlleman cannot allow any op-
portunity to pass without a fling at the people of
the Pacific coast; and he has illustrated his opin-
ion and Ilia view of the pending amendment by
quoting from Richard Roe or John Doe, who pur-
port to hail from the Pacific coast, in relation to
the Indian wars there, that some body, some name-
less personage, had said to some other nameless
personage, that the times were not very good out
there; that money was scarce and the soil was not
prolific 
Mr. HALE. No; that the soil was good, but
that there was not much money.
Mr. SMITH. Well, that the soil was good,
but that there was not much money out there;
and if they could only kick up an Indian war, it
would be a sort of Godsend to them. I will ask
the Senator to name the gentleman. Will he be
kind enough to name the man, hailing from the
Territory of Washington, who gave utterance to
that sentiment ?
Mi-. HALE. I cannot say whether his name
was Smith, or Jones, or what it was. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 do not know the man; but it was a mem-
ber of the Senate who told me the anecdote.
Mr. SMITH, it would not surprise me to
hear that his name was Hale. [Laughter.] Smith
and Jones are no names at all, and they answer
to the John Doe and Richard Roe of the law. It
is just such witnesses as these, who have no name
and no habitation and no character, that are in-
voked here whenever assaults are made on the
integrity and character of the people of the Pa-
cific coast. I think the time has come when Sen-
ators, when they would throw contempt upon
the people whom I have the honor in part to rep-
resent liere, should bring upon the stage and in-
voke the presence and the testimony of living and
veritable men. That Senator, 1 repeat, has never
failed, since Oregon has been a people and a coun-
try, to throw contempt and distrust upon her char-
acter and her integrity. I am here to meet these
accusations and to vindicate that people. They
are aa incapable of provoking an unjust and un-
righteous war with savages for the purpose of
plundering the national Treasury as are the peo-
ple of New Hampshire; for we have a great many
of the gentleman's former fellow-citizens with us
there; and one of his near neighbors, in the late
war with the Indians, in 1855 and 1856, was the
commisaary general, and made the purchasea
which were made during the progress of that war.
The only thing I ever heard against him was, that
he was at one time the peraonal and political frie d
of the Senator from New Hampshire.
I have only to say, sir, that if any citizen of
Oregon or Washington ever did give utterance
to the language imputed to this nameless person-
age, he was a fool. I have traveled through those
Territories since the close of the war of 1855-56;
I traveled, last summer, forty miles in a valley
which had been resplendent in beauty; where
every section and half section of land had been
occupied, cultivated, and improved, but where,
then, I saw nothing but the charred remains of the
houses and the buildings of the settlers. The
bones of my fellow-citizens were there, and every
house and barn and rod of fence had been con-
sumed by fire applied by savages. I saw women
whosehusbands bad been murdered, whose chil-
dren had been thrown into the burning element,
and they compelled to witness it. Throughout
three fourths of that country, all of Washington
Territory, and the valleys of Umpqua and Rogue
river, in Oregon, the inhabitants who remained
had to build picketaand live in blockhouaes. The
whole country waa desolated; millions upon mil-
lions of property were destroyed, and, for a period
of twelve long months, no farmer dared go from
his own door. Men were shot down, cattle were
killed by the thousand, all over the country, and
crimes, so horrid, ao barbarous, so inhuman, that
it would be improper to name them in the Senate,
were perpetrated. When our fellow-citizens,
and the fellow-citizens of the Senator from New
Hampshire, were being butchered, their women
ravished, their little ones burnt in the presence of
their parents, and the whole country laid deso-
late; when your own Indian agents were hewn
down, in an hour when they did not expect it,by
the savages; and when the officers of your own
Army, like Caesar appealing to Cassius, " help
me, or 1 sink," in-voked the aid of the citizens of
the country to stay the ravages of these savages,
and to protect the homes and the lives of our peo-
ple; and our Governor, your Federal officer, ap-
pealed to the people; those people, at their own
charge, left their homes, their firesides, and their
altars, furnished their own horses, their own guns,
their own munitions of war, and went into an
Indian country, an inhospitable country, in the
midst of winter, and there met the savages, the
heavens being their covering and the earth their
bed, and lived for weeks and months upon horse
flesh, to protect the lives of their fellow-citizens.
All this was done at the instance of your Federal
!: officers; and though our people spent, including
i services, more than five million dollars, to this
!| day they have not received one cent. Thousands
it were made desolate, their homes destroyed by the
savages, but they have had not one cent of remu-
neration, and yet we are taunted by the Senator
from New Hampshire; whenever any question is
up involving our relations with the Indians, or the
history of our Indian wars, forsooth, an Ameri-
can Senator, who would mock us in the midst of
our patriotism and sacrifices, tells us that John
Doe, and he is not certain whether that ia his
name, or whetherit is Smith or Jones, somebody
from out there, said the soil was good but money
was scarce, and if they could only provoke a war
with the Indians they would have good times;
and he added that, within one year of that dec-
laration, an Indian war was inaugurated.
Sir, I hurl these imputations back with scorn
and contempt into the teeth of the man who utters
them. I represent a chivalrous and honorable
people, incapable of provoking war with savage
tribes for any purpose under God's sun.. The soil
is rich; but money is scarce. Why, sir, where
do you get your money but from the Pacific coast?
We have it there; we dig it up there; and, not-
withstanding our Indian wars, we have more
wealth to-day, according to our numbers, than
have the people of New Hampshire. We are not
beggars; we do not crawl upon our stomachs, and
say, "good masters, please;" but when the time
shall come to call upon Congress to pay the ex-
penses of that war, we shall importune no man
for his vote because it is a matter,of especial
favor or grace to us; but upon the facts we will
demand our rights.
Mr. HALE. I think, Mr. President, that if I
were a man of a great deal more ambition than I
am, I ahould be more than satisfied, if I am not
eloquent myself, to be the occasion of such elo-
quence in others. I plead not guilty to the charge
of having said anything disparaging of Oregon,
or California, or Washington, or the Pacific coast
generally. I plead not guilty, and should ask for
a bill of particulars before I went to trial on such
an indefinite charge as that.
Sir, the honorable Senator calls upon me for a
witness; and I will cite one whose story far ex-
ceeds anything I have suggested,and let the Sen-
ator undertake to answer him if he can. That
witness whom I would quote, and whom the Sen-
ator may deal with, and thunder with, and de-
nounce, and hurl back with scorn and reduplicate
indignation, would be Brigadier General Wool.
I allude to the statement published under his own
hand, and under his own name, in the public
journals of this city; and having said that, I
would leave it, premising that I have said noth-
ing about Oregon in this debate to-day. I did not
say a word about Oregon. 1 did not know that
we admitted Washington when we took in these
two Senators from Oregon. [Laughter.] The
communication I referred to came from Wash-
ington.
Mr. SMITH. Allow me to suggest that this
Indian war pertains to Washington and Oregon;
it was one war, and we are one people so far as
our reputation and that war are concerned.
Mr. HALE. Very well, sir; Iamglad to hear
it; but I am not going to deal with or dwell upon
that subject. Thehonorable Senator has certainly
displayed a great degree of zeal, and it seem3 to
me, an unwarrantable and unprovoked amount of
indignation at a great deal of modesty. He called
on me for the name of the individual. I told him
,1 did not know; that it might have been Smith or
Jones. Now, he says Smith is no name at all.
Sir, have we been laboring under a delusion all
the time[Laughter.] I insisted that it was a
real, substantial, living, name; and I think if there
has been any such delusion as that existing in
our minds heretofore, it must have been dispelled
by the very forcible manner in which the honor-
able Senator has made himself heard on this oc-
casion. I did not mean anything more than to
say that the name of the individual to whom I re-
ferred was not known to me; and.it is not, and I
shall not undertake to cite it; but as the Senator
has challenged me to a citation on this subject, I
have cited one party whose story, I think, would
not tally exactly with the account which the hon-
orable Senator has given of these Indian wars.
But I did not mean to provoke any such discus-
sion as this. I should be like—no, sir; I will not
illustrate it any further. When 1 made the re-
mark, 1 made it in application generally to the
Indian wars that had been provoked in the coun-
try. The application of it at this time is made
in regard to Texas, to which the honorable Sen-
ator from New York said it did notapply. But,
sir, 1 am not to be driven from the point by any
such denunciations as these; and I defy the hon-
orable Senator, with all his astuteness, and with
all his ingenuity, to find a single word that ever
fell from my hps, or a single act that I ever did,
that was disparaging to any part of the Pacific
coast. 1 deny it utterly; and the Senator cannot
build up his own reputation by framing any such
issue with me. In the exercise of that discretion,
or that power, which is conferred on me as a Sen-
ator of the United States, when the question of
the admission of Oregon under the constitution
which she presented was submitted to the Senate,
I voted against it. For that I have no apologies
