1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rivers, on the west by the former, and on the south and east
by the Blue and Rocky Mountains; it is about two hundred
by one hundred and fifty miJes m its greatest length and
breadth, and pie3ents such a curious variety of surface, that
it has been alternately called a barren sage plain, rocky pla-
teau, sterile waste, and sandy desert."
And he goes on to describe it, and shows that
it deserves either one of these appellations. Such
is the description of this land of rare fertility,
where a teeming population is to maintain the
road, according t% the argument of the Senator
from Massachusetts;- and such is the report
brought in by the men who explored it, and who
perhaps as much, if not more than those on any
other line, were interested in giving it its most
favorable complexion.
The Senator arrays the persons who were
employed as not competent. During the course
of this debate, I have felt how fortunate the se-
lection was. I have seen, at every stage of the
debate, that we were, at last, to run into this
poverty-stricken sectional quarrel—a thing from
which I always turn with loathing; for which I
feel only contempt. How fortunate, I say, it was,
in this view of the case, that men were selected
who, in their very boyhood, were separated from
the interests of any locality, educated for their
country and in its service, who are bound by habit
as well as by other ties to their country, their
whole country, and who went to these explora-
tions without the influences that would sink them
to tl>e petty purposes which it is too clearly in-
dicated must influence some portion of the argu-
ment we hear in this Chamber. The officers thus
selected had their fame connected with the route
they explored; tliey had their honorable sense of
duty, and their professional reputation, involved
in the exact presentation of the truth. If they
could tell the truth, and show that they had dis-
covered a favorable route, the best over which ar
railroad could be built, and thus identify them-
selves, to the end of time, with the exploration
they had made, it was human ambition to do it.
So far, then, as anything is said unfavorable to-
wards the line they explored, it is to be set down
to principle, to the love of truth, and the suppres-
sion of that ambition which would make every
explorer desire to find the most practicable and
economical route. When compendiums are made
by drawing from the reports what each has said
in relation to his own route, it is to be supposed
that the most favorable aspect of each case is pre-
sented, and that the comparative merits derived
from these is probably that which future surveys,
however long they may extend, will but corrob-
orate. On every one of the lines explored, how-
ever, with a single exception, a practicable route
was laid down. The route over the Coo-che-to-pa
pass they found impracticable. The exploration
must have convinced every one of its impractica-
bility. *
Then, again, the pass through the Cascade range,
where it was expected the northern road would
go to Puget Sound, was found impracticable ;
but it resulted only in turning from the Bitter Root
down to the valley of the Columbia, and showing
that a practicable route there existed. Ruta route
terminating on the Columbia river or terminating
on Puget Sound had not yet answered the great
purposes for which a road was to be built; and
therefore, under the seond appropriation, another
party was sen tout, another exploration was made,
to ascertain whether the Columbia river could be
connected with the harbor of Pan Francisco; and ii
a further exploration was made to ltarn whether jj
it was piacticflble along the valley of the San Jose,
without the use of stationaries or double locomo- j'
tives, to carry a railroad down to Los Angeles; !
and thus it was shown that we could construct a j
railroad all along the coast of the Pacific, without .
which I say its defense will never be complete, ji
If wc take into consideration the character ot the j
country, and the immense valleys drained by -
streams, standing, as it were, upon here and thei c i j
a single point of the coast, we are sliuck at once ;;
with the necessity of inland communication^ to i
connect the defenses of south with north Califor-
and the defenses of California with those of .!
Oregon and Washington.
If it should be found that the country^descrioed i
by the Senator from Massachusetts, but never '
found Jjy the explorers, exists on the northern j
route, I think it would be very easy to show tnat j]
a stated sum of money woflld furnish the highest .■
inducement to contractors to adopt that line, anu ■,
 •-
build the road, if they can get this large body of
fertile land on it—mind, I say if, for I am sure it is
not there. Having the Missouri as high as Fort
Benton, and probably above it, on which to trans-
port their materials and their provisions, having
the Columbia river as high as Walla-Walla on the
other side, they would thus bring their materials,
their laborers, and their provisions, most cheaply
to the line of road to be constructed, and woulcl
have the shortest possible line by which to connect
the navigable waters of the one river with those
of the other, and thus have the earliest return of
profits from the use of the road. With such advant-
ages, I say if this fertile country did there exist,
the contractors would have the strongest induce-
ments, with a given sum of money and a variable
amount of land, to take that northern route as
the one they would adopt for the construction of
a road.
Now, I do not think these conditions will be
found to exist; and if, as appears from the reports,
the construction upon this routo is the most diffi-
cult and expensive, 1 do not believe that contract-
ors would select it after submitting the specula-
tion of the Senator to the test of examination.
Bat 1 only set my opinion upon an equality with
that of others; and if other Senators are as con-
fident in their opinion as I am in mine, then I see
no ground why they aie not willing to take the
hazard which I am willing to risk, being confi-
dent the route will not go there, but to the South.
They attribute to me the desire to secure a south-
ern location for the road on grounds of sectional
advantage. I am confident that that would be the
location adopted by contractors who invested their
own money in the enterprise; and I wish to say
one or two words only on it in a sectional aspect.
It has been constantly argued as though the oout.li
were most eager, for sectional purport's and ad-
vantages, to get the road constructed upon the
thirty-second parallel. As a southern man, 1 have
no such motive. My opinions are the reverse. I
behove that, if the railroad ran across the conti-
nent on that parallel, it would bung those hordes
of " carpet-bag men," who are always dangerous
to the slave population of the country with which
they are mingled. 1 do not believe that would be
any advantage to our suction. We prefer the more
slowly piogressmg and more stable population
that would come over the wagon road.
1 say that, in a sccuonal point of view, I do
not feel that the So-.ith bus any reason to ask for
the tinity-s'icond-paiallei railroad. 1 do not be-
lieve it would be to her advantage, in a mere sec-
tional point of view, to have the road contracted
there. I believe a road is neccssaiy. i ardently
desire to sec a road built somewhere. I do not
believe that the road Will be biull with any sum
the United States is likely to give, upon any other
line than that, I believe it to be the mos>t prac-
ticable and economical route connecting the Mis-
sissippi with the Pacific. Then 1 think the con-
struction of a railroad, by Texas to the Rio
Grande, will so shorten the link still to be built,
that it will secure that location for the construction
of the proposed raihoad. I do not believe any aid
we are likely to give would build a road from the
Mississippi to the Pacific on that paralhd or any
other; and the only reason it will build it theie
is because Texas projects her road aux;:ss her own
domain as far as the Rio Grande. That is my
view of it.
I think the mines that will be intersected by
that hue of road will be immensely valuable. The
-Silver min's. jf they are as lich as believed, will
attiact thither a huge amount of population; and
the supplies for laborers m those mines, as well
as the transportation aeros.s the continent, will
give to the road some probability of making a fair
return to those who construct it; but it is bccause
1 believe it to be necessary for the Government,
and for that reason only, that [ have ever been
willing to give one dollar to the construction ot a
road to the Pacific at all.
I have noticed the principal points in the rc-
. marks of the Senator. I hope he will review his
opinions m relation to these artesian wells, and
find that they did not belong to the construction
of a road on the thirty-second parallel, and that
they were not projected and carried out under the
last appropriation, either by the recommendation
or otherwise, by any indication of the Adminis-
tration then in power.
TheSenator further says, however, that we have
expended $10,000,000 in buying a territory m
ordsr to construct this railroad. X really thought
wc had much higher objects, I "think #e have
gained a great deal more. I think we have'gained
a country, the value of which is only being how
realized by the public generally, I think we. have
acquired land that will be rich in the pr.odoctibii
of those articles which will be most profitable "in
the trade with Asia; that we have acquired the
richest mining region within the United States;,
that we have acquired a portion of the best mining
region Spain possessed when she held the mineral
lands of this continent. I think we have procured
a region where silver is in its richest deposits; and
that we shall be able, whenever we get the means
of transporting it from its location, to equalize the
currency of the world between the gold and silver
coin employed. I think these are great advant-
ages. 1 think they will contribute to the building
of the road, but that we might well have acquirea
that territory,even if railroads had never been in-
vented or constructed.
Again he says: " we go.t camels to traverse this
arid desert." This and desert where? That
vast plain on the route of the forty-ninth parallel
covered with sage, is the very desert which noth-
ing but the camel can ever profitably pass over.
It is the only desert I know of in the United States
where they cannot get some grass, But it was
not on account of railroads that those camels
wore purchased by the Government. This sub-
ject was agitated before a railroad across the con-
tinent was ever presented to the minds of Con-
gress. I do not recollect the year, but when I
was formerly a member of this body, agoo&many
ii years ago, I introduced a proposition to purchase
Sj camels for the purposes of army transportation. It
H went on from year to year, gaining more and more
11 favor, until at last Congress most wisely passed a
law appropriating a small sum of money to import
ii the camel and make the experiment, to see whether
|j or not it would be fitted, in our climate and coun-
|i try, for purposes of army transportation—army
:j transportation anywhere, everywhere. I regret
exceedingly that these camels were not consoli-
dated and sent up to Fort Leavenworth, to be used
in the transportation to Utah, where I think they
would have exhibited their value to the country
m a higher degree, perhaps, than we shall have
an opportunity hereafter to show.
As to the vast expenditure for artesian wells,
I have shown that the first outlay was included
in the sum charged to the thirty-second parallel
route, though it might have been brought into the
general average. The larger expenditure was from
an appropriation subsequently made by Congress,
which appropriation is now in the couise of ex-
penduurc, and the final results of which 1 do not
know; but it is probable that, whether successful
or not, the experiment of bormg will not be con-
lined to the region of country in which it was com-
menced, but will be tried in other regions, so as to
see how far it is practicable to con vert these sterile
plains into fertility, by bringing water from hidden
donths to flow on the surface of the earth.
i do not understand the Senator's expression,
which he used several times, as to the route pro-
posed to be constructed near the thirty-sccond par-
allel being a disunion route. I do not understand
what he means when he speaks of the route pro-
posed to be constructed as a disunion route.
Mr. WILSON. Docs the Senator wish me to
explain it?
5Alr. DAVIS. If you please, sir.
Mr. WILSON. I said that since the speech
of the Senator from Georgia, proposing to build
a {southern road, so that when the South dissolved
the Union it would come within the southern
confederacy, I thought the thirty-sccond parallel
loute, which had been known as the desert route,
might be called the desert and disunion route.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the quarrel of the Sen-
ator from Georgia. I have nothing to say in rela-
tion to anv remarks made in reply to the Senator
. frcm Geoigia. He can much better take care of
; himself.
| The Senator says he is m favor of building a
j road with the money of this Government. Now,
! sir, I had some diificulty, in the beginning of this
i question, to sec how th'e Government was to fur-
! nish aid at all. It was necessary to explore the
! subject, before I could satisfy myself that the
I Government could constitutionally furnish aid in
! the construction of this road; a*id if I had not sat-
