314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IS,
isfied myself that it was necessary for the Gov-
ernment, that it was a means of defense, that it
was essential to the performance of its duties
towards the Pacific slope, I should have remained
with those who probably will vote against it upon
the ground that the Government cannot so appro-
priate its money constitutionally. When I'reached
the conclusion that the Government could not
defend its Pacific slope without the construction
of this road, that it was a means which was ne-
cessary to the performance of its duty, then I saw
nothing in the character of a railroad over any
other road which should prevent us from making
appropriations to aid in its construction. We
construct annually military roads, and make some
very unwise appropriations, I am inclined to be-
lieve. Butifwe can construct them of earth, why
not of iion? If we can use wooden rails, as we
do in crossing marshes with causeways, why not
use iron rails? They would outlast wooden rails.
If they were cheaper, why not use them of iron?
Then, if you can use iron rails, and lay them
cross-wise, why can you not lay them lengthwise?
And this brings you to the construction of a rail-
road. What lies beyond this conclusion, that the
Government cannot administer the road? A rail-
road, with all its working apparatus, with a com-
pany to manage it, is a sort of institution which
the Government cannot administer. Therefore,
though the Government might have power to
build a railroad, an opinion reached by induction,
as I have stated it, I would deny to the Govern-
ment the right to administer such an institution as
a railroad may be considered.
What then remains? That it may give aid to
some company which, induced by commercial and
other considerations, undertakes to construct and
to work the road. We annually give aid in the
form of land; sometimes I think we give it away
where a prudent proprietor would not do it. But
if you have the right to aid it in one way and for
one consideration, you have the right to aid it in
another way and for another consideration; it is
a use of the means of the Government to secure
the construction of a road. Here. 1 believe that
giving the land would not suffice; that giving pe-
culiar pilvileges would not sullicc. I believe you-
are bound to throw in all the aid you can consti-
tutionally render, and that you are bound to strike
off every shackle which has been already imposed
upon it, if you expect ever to see the road con-
structed. If you attempt to fetter it within par-
ticular lines, and thus increase the eost of construc-
tion, if you attempt to exclude the purchase of
the cheapest iron, and thus heighten the price of
the iron from which the road shall be, constructed,
you throw additional impediments in the way of
that, the achievement of which 1 consider a Her-
culean undertaking, and which we may rather
hope, than <xpect to sec accomplished.
As to giving away all the lands to the South
if they will build a road, that is idle. Thank
God, the lands arc not the Senator's to give; and
I take it for granted a majority of the two Houses
of Congress do not anticipate the day when, fol-
lowing the brave suggestion of the Senator, they
will turn over a vast district intended for the pop-
ulation of American citizens, in order that they
may swell the coffers of some corporation. Let
that corporation construct a road on whatever
parallel it may choose, and I would restrict these
grants of land to the narrowest limits; I would
leave, as far as possible, the lands for the actual
settler to possess. Instead of expanding, I would
rather curtail in that respect; and 1 only would
have gone to the extent indicated in the substitute
which I proposed, because I believed it required
extraordinary provisions to be made ever to secure
the construction of the road. Iam opposed entirely
to the large grant of land which is contained in
the bill reported by the committee. I do not think
the Government should allow the corporation to
take possession of such an immense district, Greet-
ing, as it were, principalities m the public domain,
and excluding the citizens.of the United States
from their possessions.
It is with the views which now and heretofore
have been presented that I have been from the
beginning in favor of not attempting to locate the
road by Congress, in favor of stating what aid the
Government would give under certain contingen-
cies to a road to be constructed, and then leaving
the President to receive the proposals of those who
would undertake to construct the road, and with
that amount of discretionary power contained in
almost every'proposition which is presented, to
leave him to select from the bidders the one that
offers the best terms for the Government. The
best location for the contractor will be the best
for the Government. I mean to say the best lo-
cation as viewed in the interest of those who build
the road, will be the best location as viewed in the
interest of the Government which is to use it. If
the contractors can find that they will construct
a road as cheaply and economically over the cen-
tral line, so that branches will come in more rap-
idly from all extremities, and connect with their
trunk whenever it reaches a region of fertility, any
prudent company would select it. If they cannot,
if they find that they cannot obtain the means that
will construct the road there, shall we wait, shall
we postpone, shall wc finally fail to construct the
road, or shall we secure it by throwing open the
whole limit of the United States, and inviting
them to select that route which nature has most
favored, and consequently where they can most
surely and cheaply build it? The second is my
view of the question. And if by haggling over
petty sectional controversies, if by sticking in the
bark of the Constitution, men sh£ll defeat the
efforts which have been made from session to ses-
sion by my friend from California, and shall pros-
trate the last hope of building this road across the
continent, and if we should become involved in a
war with the great maritime Powers of Europe,
(ho politician who has pursued that course may
beg the mountains to come and cover him from
public indignation; he will have lost to his coun-
try that which money never can regain—a terri-
tory worth untold treasure, and a prestige and
honor more valuable than territory.
It has been, sir, in the elimination of these sub-
jects, and the constant presentation of these views,
that I have reached the conclusions which I have
now very briefly presented; and 1 stand upon the
ground that we should strike off every shackle
which impedes the execution of this great work.
1 would be willing to abandon the right to collect
duty on the iron employed, to give the whole limit
of the United States from which to select a route,
to extend every facility we can constitutionally
afford, to insure the construction of the road some-
where, be it where it may, so that it is on the soil
of (lie United States.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, 1 have listened
very attentively to the Senator from Mississippi;
I have listened to his explanation and exposition;
and I cannot but icpeat now what 1 have before
said, that no disinterested man can read his sum-
ming up of the reports made without coming to
the conclusion that he clearly thinks the evidence
in those reports has established the fact that the
thiity-sccond paiallel is the route to be built.
1 do not mimn to chaige that Senator, in all this
matter, with any want of honor or of integrity;
hut he knows, and I know, that ihe history of
his life shows that he is deeply, strongly, in-
tensely devoted (o ihe interests of his particular
section of the Union. When he talks here about
sectional strife, the Senator must permit me to say
that I know of no man in the Senate or the country,
(and I say it with entire respect for hull, which
he knows I entertain,) who is more biased by
sectional feeling than the Senator from Missis-
sippi. He is, 1 doubt not, unconscious of it; but
the words found on the records of the Govern-
ment, and the eloquent words he has uttered in
the country, will sustain me in this position.
I say that the summary which he made of the
results of the railroad explorations is not sustained
by the facts of the case reported. I believe that
influences have been used, perhaps imperceptibly,
looking to the construction of the road on the
thiity-second paiallel. Whenagangof specula-
tors seized upon the splendid offering of the State
of Texas—a splendid offering, indeed, one that
ought, before tins hour, to have carried a railway
across that State, and would have done it in some
portions of this Union—why was it that, when
Robert J.Walker and the speculators in that great
scheme wanted to make the road across Texas the
route of the Pacific railway, we paid §10,01)0,000
for a piece of barren and worthless soil to carry
this road there; and that, too, when the evidence
of Stansbury, the evidence of Stevens, and ofother
men, if fairly construed, the knowledge that ex-
isted in the country, showed that you could carry
a railroad across the central regions of the conti-
nent, and across the northern line; and when a
railroad across the. central regions would accom-
modate equally the North and the South ? The Sen-
ator says the boring of artesian wells was ordered
by Congress. Well, sir, we know how these
things have been done by Congress. The last
Administration had, and I suppose the present
Administration has, though I do not know that I
can find the man, a friend in this Chamber, and
in the other House; and howf was it that that
measure came in here and was carried through ?
The examination has been made; it has been aban-
doned, and Captain Pope has gone further up in.to
the*regions of New Mexico, somewhere, I think,
near Albuquerque.
I find, on examination, that Governor Stevens
made a liberal estimate, and calculated the cost of
a road on the northern line at from twenty-five to
thirty or forty per cent, more than similar work
on the eastern lines. The Secretary of War added
$1,000 per mile to the estimate over what Gov-
ernor Stevens made it. I further find that on the
extreme southern route, the Senator, when Sec-
retary of War, deducted $10,000 a mile for eight
hundred or nine hundred miles, amounting to sev-
eral million dollars, from the estimates of some of
the engineeis who went over that line.
Now I want to say here, once for all, that I do
not charge upon that gentleman any impropriety.
I only suppose that he has the comfnon weak-
ness to winch flesh is heir, and has some regfcrd
for his own particular people in that section of
the country, which wants this railroad to go from
Memphis, by way of Fort Smith, to the State of
Texas; which has made a splendid offer to carry
it six or seven hundred miles across that State,
and then to go from El Paso to the Pacific ocean.
I think the ultimate view is to go down to Guay-
mag, on the Gulf of California. The idea that
this road is to go up to San Francisco I do not
believe. T know that is not desired in a large
portion of the country.
And now, sir, passing from the Senator from
Mississippi, 1 have a word to say to the Senator
from Iowa, and I say it with kindness of feeling.
That Senator knows that I entertain for him per-
sonal regard and respect. He spoke upon thip
subject with a gieat deal of feeling and emotion;
and I was amazed at the course of his remarks,
and the feeling he exhibited.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts allow me, before he passes on to his gen-
eral review of the Senator from Iowa, merely to
read to him a passage which will show him (as
I do not doubt his constant averment that he
, wishes to do me justice) that he is doing very
great injustice in hunting everywhere, except the
.place where a man would naturally go to find it,
1 for what I did say? If he will go to my report, he
wift find cxactly what he seems to hunt some-
where else to discover. In speaking of Governor
Stevens's route, he will find, on page 11 of this
brief report, published in the first volume, and of
which he has therefore been longest in possession,
this language:
" Its cost has been estimated by Governor Stevens, by the
Columbia river valley and the Cowlitz, at $117,121,000; the
cost of woik at eastern prices having had twenty-five per
; cent. added to it fiom the Bois des Sioux to the Rocky
I Mountains, and forty per cent, thence to the Pacific. Ithas
j been thought safer to add one bundled per cent, to the cost
I at ea>torn puces, ft om the eastern slope of the Rocky Mount-
I ains to the Pacific. This would swell the estimate to
j $150,871,000.
i '• Should Governor Stevens have included a full equip-
j meul in Ins estimate, $10,000,000 should be subtracted from
i this sum to bring the estimate in accordance with those of
j the other loutes ; and the cost then becomes $140,871,000."
| He will find in the same report that no preten-
sion is mnde to give accurately the number of dol-
lars which each road would cost; but, by taking
a uniform standard of measurement, to show the
relative cost of the different routes. Therefore, it
was necessary either to cut down or to add to the
sums of the reporting officer whenever he departed
from the adopted standard of estimate, and thus
secure an accurate comparison upon the report of
the engineer, nothing else being relied upon.
-Mr. WILSON. I assure the Senator from
Mississippi, that I have read his report more
, than once since this debate commenced, and I
I certainly do not think I have misrepresented it in
! any respect. *
j Passing, however, to the Senator from Iowa, I
' say to that Senator now, that there is probably
I not a man in this body, not one here to-day, that
