February
■ Tfte Secretary read it, as fallows:
"^resolution to authorize the Secretary of War to receive
additional evidence in support of the claims of Massa-
chusetts, and other States of the United States, for ser-
vices, disbursements, See., during the late war.
" Resolved, S'c., That the Secretary of War, in preparing
his report, pursuant to a resolve of tke House of Represent-
atives, agreed to on the 24th of February, 1832, be, and he
hereby is, authorized, without regard to existing proofs and
requirements, to receive such evidence as is oil file, and any
further proofs which may be offered, tending to establish
the validity of the claims of Massachusetts upon the United
States, or any part thereof, for services, disbursements, and
expenditures, during the late war with Great Biifcain. And
in ail cases where such evidence shall, in his judgment,
prpvethe truth of the items of said claim, or any part thereof,
to act.on the same, in like manner as if the proof consisted
0f such vouchers and evidence as is required by existing
rules and requirements touching the allowance of such
claims; and that, in the settlement of the claims of other
States of the United States, for services, disbursements, and
expenditures, during the late war with Great Britain, the
same kind of evidence, vouchers, and proof, shall be re-
ceived, as is herein provided for in relation to the claims of
Massachusetts, the validity of which shall be in like man-
lier determined and acted upon by the Secretary of War.
"Approved, May 14, 1836."
Mr. DAVIS. That is the resolution under
which the Secretary of War made his report.
The committee this year did not consider it as
devolved on them to inquire into the character of
the service or its value; the question being merely,
whether an amount should be paid which Con-
gress had decided should be paid on a certain
report.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have taken the appeal, be-
cause I wish uniformity in the decision of this
class of cases. About the year 1837, a commis-
sion was appointed by the President of the Uni-
ted States, in pursuance of an act of Congress, to
ascertain and adjust, upon proper proofs, the
claims of citizens of Alabama and Georgia for
Indian depredations. For several years, proposi-
tions have been offered as amendments to the ap-
propriation bills to pay the amount ascertained
by those commissioners; and the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] has stood reg-
ularly in the way, and made the point of order;
and the Chair has agreed with him that U was out
of order. I believe, within the last ten days, it
has been voted here to be out of order; and I
think there were not more than five of us who
voted that it was in order. I cannot sec the dif-
ference between that case and this. Under an
act of Congress, commissioners were appointed
to audit, ascertain, and report the amount due to
Congress. We had the report, and a proposi-
tion was made to pay the amount; but it was
ruled out of order. 1 want a uniform rule ap-
plied. I do not want gentlemen to use the rules
as a snap. If you use them fairly and honestly,
I stand by them. I only claim the same benefit
as others. I have no opinion to express to the
Senate in reference to this claim. I may vote for
it; but I demand that one uniform rule shall be
be applied to all these cases on the appropuation
bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have a word to say on
the question of order. I have before me the de-
bate on the occasion when the amendment was
offered, to which the Senator from Georgia has
alluded; and I think, by a reference to it, I can
show the distinction between that ca^e and tins.
What the Senator alluded to, is this. 1 read from
the Globe report of the debate on the Indian ap-
propriation bill, on the 2d of Februaiy last:
Mr. Sebastian. I oiler another amendment to be in-
serted a> a new section :
{VimiZ/e it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be,
and he i-s hereby, am horizud and directed to sctiie the claims
of' the citizen* of Georgia and Alabama tor the lo^es "sus-
tained by them during the J ndian di tui hanee of 1S3G, 18^7,
and 1838, and winch h set toith in Executive Document
No 127, and repoited to ihfi  action oi the Twenty-
Fifth (jonercss. upon sans iaetoiy proof being rendered of
the identity of the person* therein named,ortheirlegahep-
resewtatives, fco far as the same tails within the equity ot the
principles of the act entitled kAn act to jeguhite tiade and
intercourse with the Indian tribes,5 pa>*ed June 30, 1831,
without charge on the Indian annuities; and also, for all
losses of property destioyed oi consumed by Government
troops or the Indians under their command : Provided, that
the payments to be made shall nor exeecd the sum of
$3J9,120 lets the sum paid neretofote to the State of Geor-
gia upon the claim of Henry W. Jerm^nn end Jermgan &
Co.: tdml /mmctefJ/urtfter, that said sum shall be in lull sat-
isfaction and payment for all claims for damages and losses
by the aet of the <aid Creek Indians m the jeais aibie&aid,
or which mv h$ye been taken tor Government use "
That is the claiji) to which the Senator from
Georgia alluded.
Mr-TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A point of gxq&V was
raised, a*id it was .discussed at some length; and
finally comes the decision of the Chair:
"The Presiding Officer, (Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
The question presented by the Senator from Virginia is
whether the amendment proposed by the Senator from Ark -
ansas, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, is in order,
inasmuch as it proposes to provide for paying private claims
of the citizens of Georgia and Alabama. The construction
Of the 30th rule, it is contended, will allow the reception of
this amendment. The Senate, as appears by the record, has
twice decided the amendment not to be in order. The present
occupant of the chair would follow that decision, without
any other reason. He may be allowed to state, however,
that he thinks the proviso in the rule referring to claims
which are provided for in laws and treaties, refers to such
claims as are ascertained in amount. Where a treaty or a
law provides for paying a certain individual a given amount
of money, such a claim is in order upon a general appro-
priation bill; bo-ta claim to be investigated under a law, that
may turn out to be vaiid or invalid, is not within the mean-
ing of the 30th rule."
That is the decision. The amendment there
proposed by the Senator from Arkansas, as it
was worded, was an entirely different thing from
this. It provided for an investigation of an un-
ascertained claim in amount, and its subsequent
payment; and the decision of the Chair was, that
although it might come under an existing law,
yet the amount not being ascertained, it being an
unaudited claim at that moment, it did not come
within the rule. That was the ground, as I rec-
ollect, and as it is stated here. The distinction
between that case and this is, that this amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Military
Affairs is to pay an ascertained amount, which
has been settled under a previous law. Whether
the distinction is valid or not, it is not for me to
say; but that is the ground on which the decision
was made.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is exactly what that
amendment was to do. There was nothing to be
ascertained, except in consequence of the delay
of twenty years, to ascertain who were the rep-
resentatives or heirs of the parties to whom the
money should have been paid. The amount
due was ascertained by commissioners of the
United States, and reported under a law passed
by Congress. There was not a particle of in-
vestigation necessary, as to tiie amount of the
claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That might be; but that
was notthe wordingof that amendment. Know-
ing the fact that the commission had reported,
it struck me as singular that the amendment was
not so drawn as to fix a specific amount, instead
of calling for an audit. It did call for an audit.
Mr. TOOMBS. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Clearly; here it is. It
was to investigate and find the persons entitled to
the money, and settle the amount due.
Mr. TOOMBS. No; the Senator is mistaken,
and he will allow me to put him right. Here was
an award of $349,000, in different amounts to dif-
ferent persons. All that was required to be ascer-
tained was, where a claimant was dead, who was !
the party entitled to take what was due to him. j
The amount due was reported by a commission, ;
and stands identically on the same ground as this. |
Every name of the parties entitled to the money ;
was reported by the commissioners, and the exact
amount duo to each individual, so that no audit
was necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood it at the
time, on the reading of it, as calling for an audit,
and the present occupant of the chair so under-
stood it at the time, and so stated, and nobody
replied to him that such was not the fact. That
appears in the report of the debate. I watched
the discussion at the time, and recollect it. The
Presiding Officer stated the ground on which he
rejected the amendment. It was that the amount
was unascertained, and was to be ascertained by
an audit.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He stated so, and that is
all 1 am saying, and neither of the Senators from
Georgia disputed at the time that it was the fact.
Why did they not do so? The Presiding Officer
stated to the Senate distinctly the ground on which
he put his decision. Nobody denied the fact
then; nobody appealed from his decision on the
ground that the fact was not so; it was conceded
by silence. Now, it is too late when the Chair- j
man placed his decision on a particular ground,
i and Senators chose to sit silent, and took no ex-
j ception to the ground on which he placed it, to
j say that another amendment, which presents it-
self in a proper attitude, is to be rejected, for the
reason that the decision at that time was founded
on a mistake of fact.
This case comes precisely within the rule laid
down by the present occupant of the chair at the
time he made that decision. There has been no
decision of the Senate on this. The Chairman at
that time stated the fact that the amount was un-
ascertained , and that an audit was required as the
reason of its rejection; but here is an amendment
proposed which is of an ascertained amount,
where the claim has been audited, and what is
due ascertained, thus, of course, bringing it pre-
cisely within the rule which the Chairman at that
time laid down. The difficulty stated by the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia is, that the Chair-
man decided this question the other day. Not at
ail. His decision admits that the principle on
which this amendment is offered is correct. He
adheres to the decision he made then. If there
was an error in fact the other day, the honorable
Senators from Georgia, or the honorable Sena-
tor from Arkansas, should have corrected the
Chairman, and not bring up a mistake of facts as
an answer to this amendment, which does not
come within the exception then taken.
Mr. 1VERSON. My recollection is altogether
different from that of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Here is the Globe; take
it and see if you can find a word of objection to
the Chairman's decision on that ground.
Mr. 1VERSON. 1 will state what I understand
to be the facts. The present occupant of the chair
was then its occupant. An amendment was intro-
duced from the Committee on Indian Affairs which
directed the Secretary of War to adjudicate the
claims alluded to by my colleague, and to pay
them out of any money tn the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated. The point of order was made
by the Senator from Virginia as he had made it
before; and I argued the point of order. I argued
that this claim had already been adjudicated; that
the Government was pledged to pay it because of
the act of March 3,1837, which directed the Pres-
ident to appoint commissioners to ascertain and
report the amount due. I argued with the Chair,
that it was in pursuance of this law, and hence
was notexcluded by the 30th rule. I also argued,
on another point, that it came within the inter-
course law of 1834, and therefore was in order;
but the Chair ruled it out upon both grounds.
The first was that it was a private claim. I do
not remember, and I do not think the Chair will
remember, or anybody else, that the Chair put
his decision on the ground that the amount was
not ascertained; that the amendment did not pro-
vide for paying an ascertained sum. The ground
on which the Chair put his decision was that it
was a private claim, to pay private individuals
claims which they had against the Government,
and therefore could not come upon the appropri-
ation bill, under the 30th rule, excluding private
claims. When the point was made by me that it
came within the intercourse act, and therefore was
to carry out the provisions of an existing law, the
Senator from Virginia argued that the depreda-
tions were not within the Indian country, and
upon that point the Chair sustained the Senator
fiom Viiginia.
The Chair sustained the point of order upon
two grounds; first, that it was a private claim;
next, that it did not come under the seventeenth
section of the act of 1834. From that decision
I appealed, and the Senate sustained the Chair.
Now I am going to vote against this appeal. I
believed the Chair was wrong then, and 1 believe
the Chair is right now. I shall vote to sustain
the decision of the Chair on this occasion, and
when the proper time comes I shall move an
amendment either to this or some other bill, to
pay the exact amount that was ascertained by
the commissioners who were appointed under the
act of 1S37 to investigate the claims of the claim-
ants for depredations committed by the Creek In-
dians.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the whole case de-
pends on this: if there was a law, which this
amendment is designed to carry out, a law ad-
mitting the claim of Massachusetts, and this is
merely an appropriation to carry it out, then it is
not out of order under the rule; but if there was
no law under which it becomes a legal obligation
of the United States to pay this money to Mas-
sachusetts, then it is clearly, it seems to me, ac~
