THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
under said resolution to be due to said State by J. B-. Poin-
sett, late Secretary of War, in a report, dated the 23d of
December, 1837, made to the House of Representatives the
27th of December, 1837.
Mr. CLAY. I shall not vote for the amend-
ment unless I hare some better information than
I have at present on the subject. The Senator,
from Maine asked for a reason. I shall endeavor
to give him one. As I understand the act of
1795, to entitle a State to remuneration for any
disbursement she may make in time of war, it
must be for military service rendered the United
States; or, if it be not in obedience to orders from
the officers of the United States, it must be on a
sudden emergency, where her militia is called out
by the State authorities; and then the Federal
Government must recognize them as in the Uni-
ted States service. I have not lately refreshed
my recollections of the history of the war of 1812;
but I have a very distinct impression that Mas-
sachusetts refused to obey the call of the General
Government; she refused to allow her troops to go
beyond lier State limits; and whatever service she
rendered, as I understand it, was rendered m de-
fiance of the General Government. If she fought
at all, she fought within her own limits, on her
own hook.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mixing
things together. There is nothing of that kind
connected with this claim. Massachusetts has
other claims which have been rejected and are
not advanced. This is for service about which
there is no dispute.
Mr. CLAY. Then, if I could hear the report
of Mr. Poinsett, it might correct my error. I was
only speaking from historical facts, according to
my recollection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have read itoncc; but
I will read it again:
Department of War, December 23,1837.
Sir: In compliance with a resolution of the f-fou^e of
Representatives, of March, 1836, I have examined the
claims of the Slate of Massachusetts for militaiy services
and expendiiures during the late war with Great Britain,
and have now the honor to report: The original amount of
those claims was §843,349 60 ; which, by a payment of
{$11,000, m 1817, and one of $419,748 26, m 1831, was re-
duced to $412,601 34, which i-? *>till claimed. Of this sum,
it appears, upon applying the same principles which have
governed this Department m the settlement of similar
claims made by other States, there will be due $272,716 14;
of which $45,539 66, being foi arms and accouterments pur-
chased by the State, arms, &c., to the value of that amount,
must be charged to the State, and be withheld from its
quota, under the act of 1808, for aiming and equipping the
militia; "and all warlike stores remaining m the State,
which are paid for by tile General Government, must be de-
livered up to the pobaeshion and u^e of the United States."
Very respectfully, vour most obedient servant,
J, R. POINSETT.
Hon. James K. Polk, Speaker House of Representatives,
There is no dispute at all that the services were
rendered to the United States. There has been
no denial of that. With regard to other services,
thsre was the objection which the Senator makes.
They have never been paid, and the claims have
ceased to be advanced.
Mr. HAMLIN. ] want to invito the attention
of the Senate for a moment, to the concluding
part of a report which has been made this year
by the House committee, on this very claim—
made by a Representative from the State of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. McRae, la«te Governor of that State.
He has examined the subject very fully; and I
think the gist of the whole matter is in the con-
cluding paragraph of the report. He says that
it is proper to pay this claim:
" First. Because it is just and right m itself, having been
ascertained according to jules hud down by Congrers.
" Second. Hecause these rules are the ^ame as have gov-
erned the War Department 'm the settlement of similar
claims made by other States.J"
He might have added the word "all;" for I
believe no State of the Union can be found by
which claims of a like character have been pre-
sented, that have not been paid. Every State that
had claims of a similar character has had them
paid. The report continues:
"Third. Because the act of May 31, 1830, vesta in the
State of Massachusetts a right to have the estimates made
according to these rules, of which she ought not to be, and
certainly cannot justly deprived by bubsequent legisla-
tion, or by any executive or administrative act.
tl Fouith. Because the report and estimate of the Secre-
tary of War is such a dischaige of the duty imposed by the
act of May 31, 1830, as vests in her a just right to the sum
awarded by hun. And in this case it is believed Congress
will not fail to dispense towards a sovereign State of the
Union that measure of justice which, from the facts set
forth, is evidently due to her—long deferred, it is true—but
none the 1
count."
3 obligatory upon the Government on that ac-
I only want to add^that this claim is of that
class which has been recognized in every other
State. The other and objectionable part is not
included here, and has no connection with this.
Mr. PEARCE. I have some recollection of
former debates on this subject, I remember, a
great many years ago, when I was a member of
the House of Representatives, a bill or amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Webster, and which passed
this body, came to the House I recollect very
well the debate on that occasion. I think the
claim of Massachusetts was the same we are now
discussing. Massachusetts, like many other
States of this Union, had been obliged to call out
her militia for the defense of her coast. We had
to do that in Maryland, for which we have been
paid. Massachusetts was not paid for these mili-
tary operationsand services,and she called upon us
then to make that payment, which had been made,
amongst others, to my own State. I recollect
that I voted for it, and I remember the course of
argument by which it was defeated on that occa-
sion. It grew out of an objection to Governor
Strong's proceedings, and what was called the
blue-light policy of Massachusetts. That was the
whole argument, so far as I recollect, by which
it was defeated on that occasion. I voted for it,
and I think it proper now as then.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator from Maine will
answer another question, it will remove some
doubt in my mind. I want to know why, if tile
House Committee on Military Affairs reported
unanimously in favor of this proposition, it was
not ingrafted on the bill in the House?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was not proposed. It
could not be put on there under the rules of the
House. We seek to put it on here, that it may
go there to be voted upon.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by adding:
Provided, That, in lieu of payment in money, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may, at his discretion, issue to said
State United States stock, bearing an intciest of five per
cent, per annum, and redeemable at the end of ten years,
oi sooner, at the pleasure of the President.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to accept that
proposition. I certainly do not object to it.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. PUGH. None of the Senators who have
spoken in favor of this amendment has under-
taken to tell us what it is for. They say it has
been .audited, it has been adjusted, it has been al-
lowed; hut I do not know what it is for. If the
State of Massachusetts did render any service in
the last war with England, I believe the country
at large is ignorant of the fact—I certainly am.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have read once what
it is for, because the act provides what it is for.
It is:
u First, where the militia of the said State were called
out to repel actual invasion, or under a welt-founded ap
prehension of invasion: Provided, Their numbers were not
in undue proportion to the exigency; second, wheie they
were called out by the authority of the State, and atter-
wards recognized by the Federal Government; and, thirdly,
where they were called out by, and seived under, the re-
quisition of the President of the United States, oi of some
officer iheroof."
The audit was^confined to those three classes
of cases.
Mr. WILSON. I will not take up the time of
the Senate in reply to the Senator from Ohio, but
I think the Senator will remember, for I know he
is well posted in the history of the country at that
time, that Massachusetts and Maine were then
together as one State, and had an immense fron-
tier, reaching from Narrnganset bay to Eastport.
That part of the country was not defended by
Federal troops. The Federal troops were gen-
erally sent to Canada, and the militia were often
called out on sudden emergencies, to defend the
sea-coast; a part of the country in the eastern part
of Maine, was for a portion of the war under the
control of the British forces. As has been said by
the Senator from Maryland, this measure has ;
been long delayed; it has been defeated simplyand
solely by prejudices growing out of the contro-
versy between Governor Strong and the Federal
Government. But this claim is not connected with
that controversy in any way, directly or indi-
rectly. Governor Strong took the ultra State-
rights view in regard to the authority of the State
over the militia. I suppose it is generally conceded
at this day, in all sections of the country, that the
position taken by Governor Strong was not the
sound pbsition, but I submit to the Senator from
Ohio, tft&t it is hardly proper at this time to prej-
udice a just claim that has no connection with
that controversy, by reference to a controversy
about a constitutional construction as to the pow-
ers of the State and Federal Governments over
the militia. I am willing to take the sense of the
Senate without any further remarks.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I have another amendment from
the Committee on Military Affairs. It is to add
as additional sections:
And be it further enacted, That the second section of the
act of the 3d March, 1851, entitled " An act to found a Mil-
itary Asylum for the relief and support of invalid and dis-
abled solders of the Army of the United States," be so
amended as to reduce the number okcommissioners author-
ized by that section to three, and to consist of the commis-
sary general of subsistence, the surgeon general, and the
adjutant general, any two of whom shali be a quorum for
the transaction of business, whose duty it shall be to exam-
ine and audit the accounts of the Treasuier quarter-yearly,
and to visit and inspect the Military Asylum at least once in
every month.
And be it further enacted, That the benefits of the said act
be, and they are hereby, extended so as to include invalid
and disabled soldiers, whether regulars or volunteers, of
the war of 1812, and of all subsequent wars; and that so
much of the act of the 3d of March, 1851, as is inconsistent
herewith be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
And be it further enacted, That all pensioners on account
of wounds or disability incurred m the military service
shall transfer and surrender their pensions to the institution
for and during the time they may remain therein and vol-
luntarily continue to receive its benefits.
Andbeit further enacted, That the deduction of twenty-
five cents per month from the pay of the non-commissioned
officers, musicians, artificers, and privates, in the Army,
shall be reduced, from and after the 30th of June next, to
twelve and a half cents a month ; and that the title of the
act be, and the same is hereby, changed from the" Military
Asylum" to that of the "Soldiers' Home:" And provided
further, that all persons who arc now in, or who may here-
after be admitted into, the institution, are hereby made sub-
ject to the rules and articles of war, and shall be governed
thereby in the same manner as soldiers in the Army.
Th'is changes somewhat the law regulatingthe
Military Asylum. It asks no appropriation, but it
affects the pay of the soldiers of tne Army, by redu-
cing the stoppage, made for the support of the asy-
lum, one half. It has been found that the contribu-
tion money from the soldiers, together with the
fines and foi feitures, creates a fund which exceeds
the wants of the asylum, and therefore it has been
thought advisable to reduce the stoppage from the
soldiers. Another provision is to reduce the num-
ber of officers now constituting the board. It is
at present large and unwieldy; a good many of
the members are absent from the capital, and they
can only be brought to attend here by withdraw-
ing them from other duties and at the expense of
transportation. It was**thought thdt the board
would be equally efficient and much more man-
ageable when reduced to the number of three, as
proposed. Near the close of the section, there is
a provision which subjects the inmates of the
asylum to the rules and articles of war. That
is believed to be necessary from the complaints
which have been made by persons residing around
the asylum, of the bad conduct of the inmates.
From inquiry, I think nine tenths of the men in
the asylum are good men, and behave themselves
properly; the other one tenth are giving the insti-
tution a bad reputation. By subjecting them to
the rules and articles of war, the ill-behaved
tenth will probably be reduced to such conduct
as will relieve the institution from any odium, and
give the other nine tenths a peace they do not
now enjoy.
Mr. GREEN. I had intended to move an
amendment to this bill to give a temporary organ-
ization to the territories of Arizona and Daco-
tah; but from the temper of the Senate I believe
it would be unavailable, and it is not my wish at
any time, to persist in consuming the time of the
Senate when no practical good can come out of it;
but I shall take this occasion to say, that on Mon-
day morning I shall beg the Senate to give that
bill a hearing without delay, and I shall then ask
a vote on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Mississippi, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. HALE. The subject of the Military Asy-
lum is one to which I have had to pay some at-
tention-, and I think well of some of the amend-
