1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13ยง9
ments which are introduced by the Senator from
Mississippi. I refer specially to the section reduc-
ing the number of the governors. I think that they
are too large and unwieldy, and the reduction pro-
posed ought to be made. I approve that provis-
ion which reduces the amount that the soldiers
have to pay monthly. I think the fund is so large
that they can do without anything at all from the
soldiers. But I confess, while I have much con-
fidence in the disposition of the honorable Senator
from Mississippi to do anything he can for these
old soldiers, I very much doubt the propriety
of subjecting them to the rules of military discip-
line. Some of them are old men; they are sick
men; some of them have but one leg; and I saw one
man who had no hands at all; they were entirely
frozen off. They are old men who like a little
more freedom from restraint than they would
have if they were subject to the strict discipline
of the camp.
Mr. DAVIS. That is not proposed.
Mr. HALE. I do not know exactly how much
military discipline is proposed, whether it re-
quires these old men to be up at the beat of the
morning djrum, or anything of that sort.
Mr. DAVIS. There is nothing of that kind
proposed. The proposition to subject them to the
rules and articles of war has nothing to do with
camp discipline. It merely prevents them com-
mitting riots at the asylum; and then, if they are
putin a strait jacket until they are sober, drunken-
ness being the only cause which makes a soldier
become unruly, instituting a civil suit.
Mr. HALE. There is another amendment
which I hope the honorable Senator may provide;
and that is, to give some soit of appeal to a soldier
who is dismissed from the asylum; bccause the
officers who are in control of the asylum arc but
men. I believe they are very fair men and very
kind-hearted men; but cases sometimes occur
where a soldier, no doubt, violates the rules, and
he is dismissed in a moment of passion or resent-
ment, which men occasionally feel. He is subject
to be turned out and sent into the poor-house, or
go where he may, without redress. I think that
the power of arbitrary dismissal, which is now
exercised by the superintendent, should notexist.
I do not want to say a word against the officers of
the asylum. They are kind-hearted, excellent
men, so far as I know; but while they are men, I
do not think they should have this arbitrary pow-
er. I do not think the arbitrary power of dismis-
sion should rest with anybody; but every case of
dismissal from the institution should be reported
to the Secretary of War, or somebody else, and
be subject to his revision, before the soldiershould
be deprived of the benefits of the institution.
Mr. DAVIS, I have no possible objection to
any provision of that kind; but I will say to the
Senator from New Hampshire that this is mainly
a means of pieventing the exact thing of which
he complains. The officers arc now without any
mode of discipline; they are without any power
to coerce good conduct; and, consequently, they
have no remedy but to dismiss in all cases of mis-
behavior. If they had other remedies, they would
employ them instead of dismissal. Dismissal,
then, would become an exceptional case; it would
be rare, 1 wish to make it so. Only when a man
is perversely bad should he be dismissed. By
putting them under the rules and articles of war,
you will have power to coerce them to behave
themselves, and still keep them in the asylum.
Mr. HALE. This subject was brought to my
attention without my will, having been appointed
a member of a select committee which was raised
to examine into the asylum. We went there sev-
eral times; and, m good faith, we suggested sev-
eral alterations which we thought ought to be
made, and the officers showed every disposition
to make them, and they have made them, so far
as we suggested them; and that is the reason the
committee have not reported. I will agiee to the
amendment suggested by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi; but I simply wish to give notice that, if
I live to another session, I intend to visit the in-
stitution again, and submit to the Senate some
views that suggest themselves to me, if a remedy
is not applied by the provisions already reported
to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I will cooperate with the Sena-
tor at any time to benefit the old soldier as long
as he behaves himself.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I have another amendment from
the Commiutee on Military Affairs:
Jind be it further enacted. That the proper accounting of-
ficers of the Treasury be, and tiiey aie hereby, authorized
to settle the accounts of officer5? oif rhe Army for issues of
forage and other supplies of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, to the three companies of Kansas volunteers, called
outby General Persifcr F. Smith,in Kansas,in 1856, under
the authority of the War Depaituient, by passing to their
credit the amounts now charged again&tthem, on the books
of the Treasury on that account.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a very good claim,
but 1 do not want to depart from the rule. I ask
the Chair if this amendment does not come within
the rule ?
Mr. DAVIS. It is not a claim for money at
all. It is to settle accounts. There is no money
to be paid by it. It is merely to relieve officers
who have paid the money, and to whom it now
stands charged on their personal account. I send
to the Secretary's desk the letter from the Secre-
tary of War, which I think will explain it.
The letter was read, as follows:
War Dtp autntfnt, February 26,1859.
Sir : In the year 1856, the late General Pe'rsifer Smith,
acting under authonty from this Depaitmcnt, called on the
Governor of Kansas for three companies of volunteers,
which were required to enable him to execute the orders of
the Government. The volunteers were in service from three
weeks to two months, during which lime, as they must oth-
erwise have been discharged, they were furnished with for-
age and other supplies, by llie quartermaster'sdepartment;
but there being no appropriation from which the cost of the
lsbues could be defrayed, the officer? by whose orders they
were made, among them General Snuth, stand charged with
their value on the books of the Treasury.
As the issues were necessary and proper, and for an ob-
ject authorized by instructions from this Department, I beg
leave to recommend that piovi^ion maybe made in the
Army appropriation bill now pending before the Senate, so
asto'authouze the Secretary of War to settle these accounts
by pas-sing the amounts to the credit of the officers against
whom they have been charged.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD, ^
Secretary of TVar.
To the lion. Jefferson Davis,
Chairman Committee on Military Affairs, Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the money has
been paid.
Mr. DAVIS. And this is to settle the account.
The whole matter is this: militia was called mto
the service of the United States; and the quarter-
masters, under the orders of General Smith, issued
to them the forage and other quartermaster's sup-
plies; but the accounts could not be settled because
these companies were not regularly mustered into
the service, and the accounts stand suspended
against some of the officers, and General Smith,
now deceased, amongst them; and this provision
is necessary, in order to authorize the accounting
officers to carry to their credit the vouchers which
have been sent.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 offer this as an additional
section, not from the Committee on Finance, but
oil my own responsibility:
Jlni he it further enacted, That 110 more of the outstand-
ing appiopriation? for military purpope^ :)(-'!! be expended
during the fiscal year herein provided for. than the amount
which may be necessary to satisfy the liabilities winch have
been created in tile preceding lineal year.
The object of this amendment is simply to con-
fine the War Department to what is appropriated
in the annual appropriations, together with what
they may expend out of the permanent and indef-
inite appropriations, and forbidding them to use
the outstanding appropriations, except to pay lia-
bilities that have been incurred m the preceding
fiscal year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am opposed to this
amendment, if I understand it, and 1 think the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
will be opposed to it. The effect of the amend-
ment, as 1 understand, is to suspend all work
upon fortifications, where there has been a sum
of niont-v appropriated, for instance, ยง50,000 to
be expended in continuing a fortification which
has not yet been expended. The, effect of this is
to discharge the workmen and stop the work.
Mr. DAVIS. You mean if it is not expended
in the fiscal year.
Mr. HUNTER. I mean that the outstanding
appropriations are not to be expended for the
current service of the next fiscal year, except to
pay liabilities which have been incurred in the
previous fiscal year.
Mr. DAVIS. Where there is a special appro-
priation for a work, do you mean that it shall be
expended within the year?
Mr. HUNTER. I mean where there was a
special appropriation which was not expended in
this fiscal year, it shall not be expended in the
next fiscal year, but that the outstanding appro-
priation may be used to pay any debts or liabili-
ties which were incurred in the preceding years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state precisely how
it will work. An appropriation of $40,000 was
made last year, to be expended upon a fortifica-
tion in Portland harbor. No appropriation for
that object is asked for the next year, because the
Department say there wjll be as much on hand
as they want to expend. That money being on
hand, the effect of this amendment is to say that
the workmen shall be discharged, and the amount
which has already been appropriated shall not be
expended in the next fiscal year, if it is not all
expended during the present fiscal year. For the
fortification in Portland harbor there was an ap-
propriation two years ago of $50,000, and last
year of $40,000. The expenditure of the $50,000
was not begun until late in the season, and,con-
sequently, the whole $40,000 was not needed for
this year, and remains to be expended in the next
year; but this amendment prevents its expendi-
ture.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator from
Maine if he is not stating a possible and hypo-
thetical case?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am stating a case that
I know to exist; and it shows precisely what will
be the operation of the amendment. I say in the
case of the fortification in Portland harbor, the
Department, not having commenced the expend-
iture of the $50,000 until late in the year before,
did not spend it all, and had a portion of it on
hand, so as not to use up all the $40,000 last year;
and the Department have omitted to ask for an
additional appropriation, because that portion of
the $40,000 which remains on hand is enough for
this year. Now, the effect of this amendment is
to say that so much of the $40,000 as remains on
hand shall not be expended; that the work shall
cease, the men be dismissed, and everything hung
up. That is exactly the amount of it, and the
same effect which applies there on a small scale,
will apply to the fortifications at San Francisco,
New York, and elsewhere, however many or few
they may be. It operates to suspend the work
on every fortification. That is the amount of it;
that is the design of it.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe if it would have
that effect, it would do no harm in the present
condition of the Treasury. I have always been
in favor of fortifications, and when there is a sur-
plus Treasury, as occurs under any revenue sys-
tem, I am willing to appropriate largely for that
purpose; but in times like these I thmk they had
better be suspended. If, however, 1 cannot get
the amendment in any other way, I am willing
to add a proviso that this amendment shall not
be construed to apply to appropriations for forti-
fications.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
Mr. HUNTER. If that will be satisfactory I
will insert that proviso.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that will be inserted.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I modify my amend-
ment by adding this proviso:
Provided, That this section shall not be held U). ex tend
to appropriations for fortifications.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The am ele-
ment will be so modified.
! Mr. DAY1S. I am glad that the modification
' has been made. 1 believe fortifications are about
! the only character of public works in which I feel
i any interest. It is fair, however, to say that all
I public woiks, either in very high or very low
i latitudes, are subject to suspension, and it is a
| great advantage that the appropriation should not
lapse at the end of the year, so as to hasten ex-
1 penditure in disregard of economy. The severe
winters of the North varying in their duration,
like the hot and unhealthy summers of the South
varying in their duration, will frequently render
it good economy to allow the amount intended to
be expended in one year to run into the next year.
It is so with custom-houses and court-houscs
and all public works which are undertaken by
the Government at the North, and at the South.
I have no objection to that. I wish the custom-
houses wete at an end, and that the court-houses
