1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SIT
ordered; and a division is not now in order. The
amendments must be voted on as entireties.
Mr. BAR.ICSDALE. If the last resolution be
adopted, will a vote be had on the second reso-
lution ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I suppose there
will if there be no objection.
The SPEAKER. If the last resolution be
adopted, the next vote will be as between the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Wright] and the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ritchie.]
Mr. BARICSDALE. Then I hope that the
resolution will be voted down.
Mr. KILGORE. I rise to a question of order.
Is the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia
in order, inasmuch as it is an amendment in the
third degree? 1 understand there is pending an
amendment to the original resolution in the na-
ture of a substitute, and that to that an amend-
ment has been offeieJ by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Eauksdale.] Is the amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia in order?
The SPEAKER. Under the rules and the prac-
tice of the House the amendment of the gentle-
man from Georgia would not be in order if it were
an original proposition; but that amendment was
received by unanimous consent, as the Journal of
the last session will show. It is now too late to
objecy.0 it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the Chair whether
it is in the power of my colleague to withdraw his
proposition, so that we can come to a direct vote
on the proposition of the gentleman from Missis-
si ppi ?
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. WRIGHT, ofGeorgia. And I have no dis-
position to withdraw it, even if it were in order to
do so. Did I understand the Chair to slate that
we cannot have a division of the last resolution in
order that theie may be separate votes on the dif-
ferent branches of it ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so announced.
The previous question precludes any division un-
less by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. RITCHIE. And I also object, and ask
that the vote be taken.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia [Atr.
Millson] to lay the whole subject upon the table,
on which he has called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CARKSDALE. I thought that motion
was will.drawn.
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir; I decline to with-
draw it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, lepoi'led, as correctly enrolled, an
act (!I. R. No. COS) making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the iiOt.li ot'Jane, IiS6'J;when the Speaker
signed the same.
WILLIAM WALKER AGAIN.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the. negative—yeas 75, nays 111; as follows:
YEA:-?—.Adium, Ah!. Arnold, Atkins, BMmp,
Boco'-ic. Uonliam, Bojee, iiianeh, I>inn-i, Caruthers, <J.n-
kie, Ciiapnua, Clay, John Coclnuuo, CockeoU, Coming,
(Joy. L'kiijt, i*uiton Ciai'ie, Davidson. Dewart, Diin-
nnck. Kdrn'iiuir-on, Elliott, FaulKiier, Florence,
.G.ithC'li, Uiiii-, GioonwoochGru™, Groesbcek,La\v-
rracc VY. IlaiL JUtei). Hopkins, Houston, Ilughcs. lluylei,
Jonk'ii:-. Gi'oi'jo VV. Jones, Koitt, Kellogg, Loidy, iMc-
Q.ueen, tfuinu'jl S. iU.ushaii, Miles, ftfiller, MifNon, Mmt,
Niblaek. Pcjion, John 8. Phelps, William W.
Ph-'ip-Zpo^oll, P^iu-y, Kta'^un. Savage, Scales-, rtcott,
llemv M. Sm-\v, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Ste-
(Jeoipe Tayim. Tnppe, Underwood, Y<tllandighani,
Wai.l, CUiiia B." Wariibuiixo, Watkiui, Window. and
\\" oot^on—'5.
NAYS— rvie^is. Anderson, Atichew*, Avery. Barksdale,
ill Kj UOUU, V^UJUIUO, Viut/J
Ibid,Cu!ry.Cuitit<.Davisot Indiana,Davisoflowd. D.uve«,
l>pan. J)oWdell. Dm tee. TJdie,IIustn, Parripwoith, Fenton,
Foster, Gaitudi, Gidilin^, Giiman, Gihnei.Good win, Gian-
ger, Giow, Hailau, Ham-*, Raskin, Hawkins, Hickman,
llili, Hoard, JHoiton, Howaul, Jewett. ICclsey, Kilgorc,
Knapp, Jacob M. Kankol. John C Kimkel, Lawrence,
Jjfacu, Loiter, Lovejoy, McKihbin, Mediae, Maitcs=on,
Mayuard, IVIont^omcn. Mooie. Moigan. Morrill, Edwaitl
Jo\" Morn-,, I?aac N. Mom-, Fieemau If. Mor=e. Ohvei A.
Mot so, Munay, Nichols, Oim, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike,
Pottle, Purviaace, Reilly, Ritchie, Bobbins, Royee, *San-
did?e, Seward, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman. Shor-
ter, Robeit Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins,
Vance, Wade, Waldmn, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wortendyke, Augustus R.
Wr>?ftt, John V. Wright, and Zolhcorter—111.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on <he table.
Pending: the vote,
Mr. PHILLIPS stated that if he had been in
the Hall when his name was called, he would
have voted "ay."
Mr. GARNETT stated that his colleague, Mr.
GoODE,was confined to his room by indisposition.
Mr. HOUSTON said: I announced on Satur-
day, the indisposition of Mr. Letcher, but I
omitted to do so yesterday, when a vote was
taken by yeas and nays, i now desire to slate ,
that Mr. Letcher continues very ill, and is con- 1
fined to his bed. j
The result was then announced as above re- '
corded. " " ,
Mr. REAGAN. I mow to reconsider the vote '
by which the mam question was ordered. |
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE Will the gentle- '
man from Texas declare the object of his motion ? ;
Mr. REAGAN. 1 will; if it be the pleasure of J
the House.
Mr. RITCIIIE. Is that motion in order? If j
it is, I move to lay it on the table. :
T.iie SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether j
the motion is in order. The order of the House I
has been partially executed. . j
Mr. RITCHIE. I do not believe that it is in
order; but if it be, I will submit thu motion to lay !
it on the table. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the ;
motion of the gentleman from Texas is not in j
order. The House cannot put itself m the position i
which it occupied before the original motion was i
voted upon, even if the motion to reconsider pre- |
vailed, inasmuch as the order has been partially •
executed. The House has voted down the mo- '
tion to refer. j
Mr. REAGAN. That motion is, of course,
always in order. j
Mr. HUGIIES. I move to lay the motion to ;
reconsider upon the table. ;
Mr. GROW. No business has intervened since
that motion was negatived. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that !
the motion to reconsider cannot be entertained, j!
Mr. ROCOCK. That question being decided* ,j
Mr. Speaker, I wish to propound a question and J
to make a suggestion to tin- Chair in regard to the (■
effect of the vote. I have heard gentlemen talk
about the last resolution bein^ adopted. Nov/, j
in order to set myst If right in the votes that! shall i
give,and in order that oilier gentlemen may stind ;
ri^ht, I wish to state that I understand the effect '
of the vote to bo this  I
Mr. HARLAN. I object to debate. jl
Mr. BOCOCK. I am not debating the qnes-
tion. The vote now will be as between the prop- i;
osition of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr ji
Wrioiit,] and that of the ^emieman from Mis- !i
sissippi, [Mr. Bark^dalk.] Those who vote fur
the one, or the oth'.T, do not declare by that vote
that they prefer it to the resolutions reported by
the committee, but nietely 1 hut they prefer the
one of these propositions to the other. It is merely
a question of preference as between these two. .
We do not commit ourselves to anything until !j
the final vote. 1
Mr. KE1TT. If we do not vote for either, then ;j
how is it ? !|
Mr. GROESBECK. 1 wish to state, in con- ^
tinuation of the remarks of the gentleman from '
Virginia,"[iMr. Rocock,] that I understand that 1
every proposition sp to that of gentleman from !i
Pennsylvania, condemns Commodore Paulding, :
and censures the Administration. ;i
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Can we not at i
least, by unanimous consent, have a division of :
the last series of resolutions, so that those who, ■
like me, desire to vote for the exoneration of
Commodore Paulding, can do so; and that those !■
who desire to vote for his condemnation, can do
so ? It seems to me that this is due to the ques-
tion, and due to the country. \>
The SPEAKER. Thru proposition was made 'i
and objected to. It can only be done by unani- "
mouo consent.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object, on this ground: that jj
the proposition of the gentleman from Missis- i!
sippi does not condemn Commodore Paulding,
and my proposition distinctly coramerfds'him. •
The SPEAKER. The proposition that the
House will first vote upon is that submitted by
thegentleman from Georgia; and the House votes
upon that as between Us merits and the merits of-
the proposition submitted by the gentleman from
Mississippi.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to inquire of the Chair1;
what will be the next vote, if this be adopted?
The SPEAKER. If the amendment be adopted,'
then the next vote will be as between it and the
amendment proposed by thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr, HOARD. Then, if this be voted down,
what will be the next question ?
The SPEAKER. As between the propositions
submitted by the gentlemen from Mississippi and
Pennsylvania. - ■ -
Mr. BARICSDALE. 1 desire to ask whether
the resolutions of the gentleman from Georgia
cannot bo divided ?
The SPEAKESR. They cannot.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 am witling to vote for
the third, but not for the second division of that
proposition.
iVJr. HAS KIN. I desire to inquire whether a
motion to lay the last resolution on the table
would be in order ?
The SPEAKER. I& would carry the whole
subject vuh it.
Mr i { HJSTON. I objected, a few moments
a<'o, to r o division of the amendment offered by
tLo geiiticman from Georgia; I now withdraw
that objection.
Mr. U1 rCIHE. I object to it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask my colleague to
wiihdsaw his resolutions, and let us take the vote
on the olhei.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object to
the resolutions hoing withdrawn.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 withdraw my objection to
a division of the question. I am willing that it
should be divided.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to any division of the
question, and insist on the vote being taken just
aw thurmatter stands!
The question was taken on Mr. Wright % sub-
stitute; and it was rejected.
Mr. .MARSHALL, of XCentucky. I want the
yeas and iuivh on that proposition.
Several Air.MBr.as. Too late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the rosult
was announced before the ^ciith-ivan Aom Ken-
tucky asked for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. , I want a
record of the vote, and suppose there will be no
oi'ioetion to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman fiom Kentucky was not quite expeditious
enough in making the request.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I made it
as soon ns I could open my mouth.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky makes that statement, the Chair will re-
ceive his proposition to have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I'n order
that there may be no misunderstanding, I move
to rcconsulor the vote by which that amendment
was rejected.
Several Members. How did he vote ?
The SPEAKER. There was no record of the
vote taken.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope that, if gentlemen
consent, the yeas and nays may be called on the
last vote, and not have us get atn in tins round-
about way. it is a mere consumption of timo
uunocessiu'ily.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I object to hav-
ing the yeas and nays taken on that question,
which has been disposed of.
Mr. WRIGHT, ofGeorgia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. If J understood the decision uf the
Chair, it was that the resolutions introduced by
me could not be divided. May not the House
adopt one of these resolutions as a substitute for
the proposition of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, and reject the balance of them ?
The SPEAKER. That might have been, and
doubtless would have been, admissible, if the
division had been called for before the previous
question was seconded, and the mam question
ordered to be put. The gentleman fiom Georgia
