318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
will perceive—and that is the reason why a di-
vision is never admitted after the previous ques-
tion is sustained—that such a division operates,
or might operate, as an amendment, which other-
wise could not be received, the main question
having been ordered. Th§ gentleman frotn Ken-
tucky moves to reconsider the vote by which the
resolutions of the gentleman from Georgia were
rejected.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. And on that
I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 renew the motion to lay
the whole subject on the table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. DEWART demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. CLAY demanded tellers on the question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to lay the whole subject on the table.
The question recurred upon the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment of
the gentleman from Georgia [JVlr. Wright] was
rejected.
Mr. STANTON moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will not
that carry the whole subject to the table?
The SPEAKER. It Would not.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I call for
the yeas and nays on the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to rcconsidor was laid upon tho
table—ayes one hundred and twenty-two, noes
not counted.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
resolution of Mr. Uarksdalu tig a substitute for
the resolution of Mr. Ritchie.
Mr. BARKSDALE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BGNHAM. 1 desne to make an inquiry
of the Chair. If I vot<  now Ibi the resolution of
the gentleman from Mississippi, ant I thereby
voting for it in prek'ipnee to the resolution of the
committee?
The SPEAKER. If the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi be adopted as a substi-
tute for the lesolution of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, the question will then recur be-
tween that resolution and the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. IJTLL. I wish to inquire of the Chair if
it is now in order to move to lay the substitute of
the gentleman from Mississippi and the substi-
tute of tho gentleman from Pennsylvania on the
table—not the whole subject, but only the two
substitutes ?
The SPEAKER. A vote has been taken since
the motion was made to lay the whole subject on
the table, and, therelbie, a motion to Jay the res-
olutions of the gentirman from Mississippi and
the gentleman from Penns) lvania on the table,
would, perhaps, be in order. The effect of it
would be, however, to carry tho whole subject to
the table.
Mr. HILL. I thought that it would leave the
resolutions of the committee untouched, for adop-
tion or rejection.
The SPEAKER. A proposition to lay upon
the table any portion of the sequence, caraes with
it the original proposition.
The question was taken on Mr. Barksdale's
amendment to the amendment; and it was decid-
ed m the negative—} eas 5t), nays 128; as follows;
YEAS — Mes-.fi Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Baik«dale,
ftoeock, Bouiiarn, Bowie, Uoyee, Branch, Btvan, Burnett,
Crouthi <'askio, John B. Ciaik, Button Craiac, Ciaw-
toid, Cunv, David-on, Dovuiell, Ku-uw, Gaineu, Gfinrell,
UieenwoJd, Harris, Hawkins, Houston, Jeweit, K>ut.
Jacob M. Kunkel, Lruriai, MeKibbin, McQueen, McR-ve,
Humphrey Marshall, Mavnard, Miles, Mooie, PonulwtHii,
IV)ton, John S. Phelps, ^indulge, Scales Seon, Sewaid,
IJeniyM. fcniaw, Sliouer, Singleton, William tfmith, Ste-
phen-, tetovotihon, Miles T.alor, Tnppe, Vail.md.ghain,
Waikms, John V. Wright, and Zoliicotier—5t>.
NAYS—Messrs. Aifram. Ahl. Andie\vs,_Arnold, Ben-
nett, Diimh.an, Bishop, Blu.ii, Brauon, BufTinton, Burhn-
gatne, Cnaliee, Chapman, Ezia Ckuk. Iloiaee P. Ciaik,
CL.y, Colth, John Cochrane, Cockenll. (,'u!!av, Comins
Coining, Covode. Cox, Cum*, Davis ofMaiyland, D.ivj-s of
Indiana, Davis, ot Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, bunmick, Dodd, Duriee,Edie, Edmumlson, Elliott,
English, Farnsworth, Faulkner, Fenton, Florence, Foley,
Foster, Giddings, Giihs, Giiman, Gilmer, Goodwin, Gran-
ger, Gregg, Groesbeck, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Hailan,
Haskin, Hatch, Hickman, Hill, Hoard, Horton, Howard,
Hughes, Huyler, Geoige W. Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg,
Kelsey, KiJgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Lawrence, Leach,
Leidv, Leiter, Lovejoy, Matteson, Millson, Montgomery,
Moigan, Morrill, Edward Joy Moms, Isaac N. Morris,
Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nib-
lack, Nichols, Olui, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Phillips, Pike,
Pottle, Purviance, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Robbing, Roberts, Royee, Savage, Johu Sherman, Judson
W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, James A. Stewart, GeorgeTaylor, Thayer, Thomp-
son, Tompkms, Underwood, Vance, Wade, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wash-
bume, isiael Washburn, Wilson, and Wortendyke—128.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CAVANAUGH stated that he had paired
off with his colleague, Mr. Phelps, or he should
have voted " ay."
Mr. DOWDELLstated that Mr. Stallworth
was detained from tne House by illness.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia, when his name
was called, said: order that I myselfandothers
may vote intelligibly on this subject, would it be
in order for me to ask the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Barksdale] this question: whether
it is the object of his resolution to censure the
Government, or to censure Commodore Paulding ?
Mr. MORGAN. I object to all debate.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I do not propose
to debate the question, but simply to make that
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The inquiry is in the nature
of debate.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Then I must de~
I cline to vote at all.
I Mr. BRANCH, when his name was called,
I said: I am opposed to both resolutions; on tho
i pending proposition I vote " ay."
| Mr. L)AVl>S,of Mississippi, stated that he was
! uncertain whether he was within the bar when
! his name vi&us called, and therefore could not vote;
i if he had been able to vote, he would have voted
I " ay."
j Mr. GREENWOOD stated that Mr.Warren
' was still absent from the city, and had paired off
' for the residue of this week with Mr. Bliss.
I The result of the vote having been announced,
| Mr. RITCHIE moved to reconsider the vote
; by which the amendment to the amendment was
j rejected; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
! consider upon the table.
j Mr. CURRY moved to lay the whole subject
! upon the table; and upon that motion demanded
j the yeas and naya.
| Mr. HOUSTON. * What is the pending ques-
i tion ?
S The SPEAKER. The first question is on the
! motion of the gentleman from Alabama to lay the
j whole subject on the table.
I Mr. HOUSTON. 1 have been voting, hereto-
! fore, to lay the whole subject on the table, and I
, shall have to repeat that vote, although I voted
j for the amendment of the gentleman fiom Mis-
' sissippi, [Mr. Barksdale,] which did not ex-
press my sentiments, and would now like to have
a chance to vote for the report of the committee.
Mr. GROW. I object to debate.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers wer  not ordered.
Mr. CURRY then withdrew his motion.
The question recurred on Mr. Ritchie's mo-
tion; and being taken, the motion to reconsider
; was laid upon the table.
| Mr. HUGHES moved to lay the whole sub-
i ject upon the table, and demanded the yeas and
! nays. ^
! The yeas and nfys were not ordered.
I Mr. HUGHES called for tellers.
| Tellers were not ordered.
! The question was taken; and the House re-
' fused to lay the whole subject on the table.
The question recurred on Mr. Ritchie's sub-
1 stitute for the resolutions xeported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
! Mr. RITCHIE demanded the yeas and nays.
! The yeas and nays were oidcred.
1 Mr. KELSEY. I would suggest to the gen-
| tleman from Pennsylvania a verbal amendment
| in his resolution.
Mr. RITCHIE. I cannot accept of any amend-
ment.
Mr. KELSEY. The resolution now reads
" December last."
Mr. RITCHIE. It should be December, 1857.
Several Members objected to debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Blair, Brayton,Buffinton, Burhngame, Case, Chaffee,
Chapman, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark, Colfax, Comins,
Corning, Curtis, Davis of Maiyland, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Towa, Dawes, Dean,
Dewart, Dimmick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, English, Farns-
worth,Fenton, Foley, Foster, Giddings,Giiman, Goodwin,
Granger, Gregg, Groesbeck, Grow, Harlan, Haskm, Hatch,
Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Hughes, Huyler, Owen
Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel,
Landy, Lawrence, Leach, Leiler, Lovejoy, Matteson,
Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac
N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Murray,
Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Pottle, Purviance, Rea-
gan, Reilly, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Royee, John Sher-
man, Judson W. Sherman. Robert Smith, Spinner, Sian-
ton, Thayer,Thompson,Tompkins, Wade, Waldron, Wal-
ton, CadwaladerC. Washburn,Elhhu B. Washburne,Israel
Washburn, Wilson, and Wortendyke—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Biarich, Bryan, Burnett,
Caruthers, Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay, John Cochrane,
Cox, Buiton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Davis of
Mississippi, Dowdell, Edmundson, Eustis, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Gamett, GartreU, Gilhs, Gilmer, Greenwood, Law-
rence W. Hall, Harris, Hawkins, Hill, Houston, Jenkins,
Jewett, Geoige W. Jones Keiit, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar,
McKibbm, McQueen, McRae, Humphrey Marshall, May-
nard. Miles, Million, Mooie, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton,
, John' S. Phel[w, Phillips Powell, Ready, Ricaud, Samlidge,
1 Savage, Scales, Scott, Scwaid, Henry M. Shaw, Snorter,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens,
Stevenson, James A, Stewait, Geoige Taylor, Miles Tay-
lor, Trippe, Vallnndigharn, Vance. Ward, Watkins, Wnite,
WmMow, Wood-oi^ Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright,
and Zulhcullei—85.
So Mr. Ritchie's substitute was agreed to.
Mr. COVODE stated, during the roll call, that
lie was outside the Hall when his name was called
mid lost his vote; he was particularly anxious to
vote " ay."
Mr. RITCHIE moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho substitute was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the res-
olutions reported by the committee as amended.
Mr. BARKSDALE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB. 1 have to offer an apology to the
House for a dereliction of dutyr I was examin-
ing some papers that have been referred to my
committee and neglected to vote, although I was
in the Hall when my name was called. I would
have voted against the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, and 1 now ask leave to
have my vote recorded.
SoveralJVlEMBERS objected.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the resolutions, as
amended, upon the table; and upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 92; as follows:
YE \S — Moskvf. Anderson, Atkins?, Avery, Bark«dale,
Bi>h<«p, Bocoek, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bryan,
BmneiL Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Coekeiill, Cox, James Craig, Bmtun Craige, Cravvtord,
runv\ DavuKon, Davis of Mississippi, Dimmick. Dowdell,
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Eusiis, Faulkner, Florence,
Foley. Gamrtt, Gaitroll,"Gillis, Gilmer, Gieenwood, Law-
rencc W. Hall, Hateh, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins, Houston,
Iluvler, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, Owen Jones,
Kent, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamai, Landy, Leidy, McQueen,
McRae, Humphrey Maibhall, Samuel S. MarahaH, Mason,
Maynard, Miles, Miller, Million, Moore, Nihlaok, Pendle-
ton", Peyton, John S. Phelps, Phillips, Ready, Ricaud, San-
dultre, Savage, Scales, Scott, Seward, Henry M. Shaw,
Shoiusr, Singleton. Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Stevenson,
Geoice Tayloi, Miles Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Vallan-
digham, Vance, Ward, Watkins, White, Winslow, Wood-
son, Augustus It. Wught, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer
 97,
NAYS—Messrs. Adiain, Ahl, Andrews, Bennett, Blair,
Biavton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Case, Chaffee, Chapman,
Ezia Clark, Horace P. Clark, Colfax, Comins, Coining,
Covode, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd,
Durtee, Edie, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Giddines, Oil-
man, Goodwin, Gianger, Gregg, Groesbeck, Grow, Ilarlan,
Haskin, Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Hughes, kel-
Jo<™, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Lawrence,
Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, Matteson, Montgomery, Moigan,
Moinll, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. -
Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Olin, Palmer, Par-
ker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Reagan, Reilly,
Ritchie, Ilobbins, Royee, John Sherman, Judson W. Sher-
man, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Thayer, Thomp-
son, Tompkins, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
