1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
um
to me who may be sent out. I am very certain
that he will not be my choice. I assure the Sen-
ator of that; but to defeat this appropriation on
any ground of that sort, would be hard on the
children.
Mr. BEOJDERICK. I do not want to defeat
the appropriation if it is for the benefit of the
children; and if I can get an assurance from the
Senator from Arkansas that it is for that purpose,
I will not object to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, I will give the
Senator the assurance of a man of honor, that I
am the worst deceived man that ever was, if it is
not so; and I have made it a matter of personal
inquiry.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will state, for the inform-
ation of the Senate, that when I passed through
Salt Lake in .November last, the children were
then in possession of the Mormons, and I was
informed that the Mormons were willing to de-
liver them up.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have here an official let-
ter from Mr. Forney, the superintendent of In-
dian affairs, of a very late date, which washanded
to me only a few days since, in which he states
that he has in his own possession all the seven-
teen children who are known to be the survivors
of that unfortunate expedition. This intelligence
is later than that which the Senator from Califor-
nia brings from personal observation, on his trip
through the country. They are now in the hands
of the superintendent of Indian affairs, and it re-
quires this money to enable the Government to
send for them and bring them home. If the Sen-
ator from California will indulge me while I am
now up, I will state that the amount of §10,000,
1 tlunk, is a very economical estimate of the ab-
solute and necessary expense of bringing these
children home. The programme, as I learn fi om
conversation with the Commissioner of Indian
Affcurs, is to carry them across to San Francisco
by the stage route from Salt Lake City, where
they now are, or bring them by that route from
there to here. Without descending into all the
particulars, I will mention that the lowest price
which any of these companies have offered to
bring these children home for, is $5,100. It is ne-
cessary to defray the expenses of their boarding
up to this tune, at the very low price of $2 50 a
week for each child, for some ten or twelve
months; arid for clothing and contingentexpenses,
there is an estimate of $1,500. Then there are the
entire traveling expenses of two employes, or
agents, or supervisors, or by whatever name you
may denominate them, which are estimated at
only $1,500, making the gross sum of §10,000.
The Senate will see that by far the largest item in
this estimate of expenses is the transportation of
the children, by any one of the usual modes of
conveyance, from Sait Lake City to the States.
As to that item which seems to be the most ob-
jectionable to the Senator from California, the en-
tire expenditure estimated for those persons, is
$1,500, which is intended to cover only the ex-
pense of the trip. Five hundred dollars is esti-
mated for a nurse or matron to take care of the
children. I think that, in the programme of ex-
penditure which is arranged by the Commissioner
of Indian Affaiis, he has descended to the lowest
scale of economy to make the expedition effect-
ual, and I see no margin at all for the pay of un-
necessary agents or employes of the Department.
J ust so many persons are proposed to be mti usted
with this duty as are absolutely necessary to per-
form it, and no more;and by far the largest items
of expenses are those for the transportation of the
children, the hiring of a nurse or matron, and the
pay for their board during the time they have
been detained,and a small amount of clothing
which may be necessary for them. The whole
amount which can possibly be expended for the
pay of the agents whom it may be thought proper
to send, for the purpose of bringing the children
to their homes, is only $1,500, and that is merely
enough to cover their personal and traveling ex-
penses, and no more.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have no objection, as I
stated before, to the amendment, if it is for the
purpose of benefiting these children; but I see,
from the reading of it, that it is to ransom the
children. I do not think there is any ransom
money needed. When I passed through there,
in November, they were in the hands of the
Mormons
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The introduction of that
word " ransom," was a suggestion of my own,
and is not contained in the estimate from the De-
partment; but it occurred to my mind that the
superintendent of Indian affairs had necessarily
had to advance something in the way of presents
to the Indians, and I thought the appropriation
; would cover the reimbursement of that small
| amount. If that word is the point of difficulty
| with the Senator from California, I am willing to
| obviate it by consenting to strike out that word,
I and let it read, " for recovery and restoration."
j I modify the amendment in that form.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to know from the Sena-
tor from Arkansas if this is the remnant of the
: party that was massacred at the Mountain Mead-
ows, on which occasion one hundred and uighteen
American citizens were massacred, sixty-two of
them women and children?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GWIN. I am very much obliged to the
Senator for introducing this amendment; but lam
sorry to say that 1 think it is not enough to ac-
complish the object. Never, in our history, has
there been such a horrible massacre, and I should
like to have an investigation to ascertain who did
it. I am not at all satisfied that white men were
not engaged in it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is strongly
suspected, by the relatives of those who were
murdered, that the Mormons had a hand in the
business.
Mr. GWIN. Those massacred persons are
lying unburied; their bones are bleaching m the
Mountain Meadows at this very time. I trust
there will be some investigation into the circum-
stances. There is nothing in our history that
equals this transaction; and I am sorry to say that
I have not seen a movement of the Government
to ascertain who are the authors of it. It was
charged on certain Indians; but I am not certain
that they alone were conccrned. These childien
are the only living remnants of that emigrant
party, consisting of one hundred and eighteen
persons. Not a movement has been made, safar
as my knowledge extends, to punish the perpe-
trators of this horrible crime. I am glad that
these poor children are to be taken care of, even
in this small way. I introduced a resolution here
a year ago, calling for an investigation and for
troops to be sent to find out who had committed
this horrible massacre. Sir, there was a scheme
in massacreing this party that seemed to have the
ingenuity of the white man; for there was not
one left of those who would have been able to tell
the tale—none except the little children who were
saved—all the rest were massacred.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am glad the
Senator from California has spoken of the merits
of this case; I spoke only of the hopes of those
who were left. I have understood that instruc-
tions were sent out from the War Department
and the Interior Department for an investigation
and inquiry; but I must say that 1 have not been
satisfied that that proper and earnest investigation
has been made into this horrible transaction which
the case merited at the hands of the Government.
I believe that an inquiry should yet be prosecuted,
and the perpetrators ascertained, and some pun-
ishment inflicted. Tins has been the worst case
of ali the assaults and attacks on our emigrant
parties. I beg now to express the hope that it
may meet the eye and attention of those who are
in possession of the Government, and whose duty ;
it is, I think, earnestly and relentlessly to pursue :
the truth on this subject, and ascertain the authors 1
of this outrage. |
Mr. HUN TEE. I hope we shall have a vote. ;
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com- I
mittee on Military Affairs to offer an amendment, 1
to insert: i
For the payment to the State of Minnesota, for expenses -
incurred by Captain Jnmes Staikey's uompmy of .Mnme- .
sota volunteers, called out by t!ic Governor ot the Teinto- '
tory of Minnesota. m 1857, to pioteet the settler^ of the !j
valley of Sunrise river against the Chippewa Indians, "j!
$2,639, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
I will not take up the time of the Senate with
explaining this amendment. If Senators desire
any explanation, the Senator from Minnesota,
who is perfectly acquainted with the whole mat-
ter, can give it.
Mr. HUNTER. Were these troops called out
by order of the President?
Mr. SHIELDS-. No; but by the order of the
Governor of the Territory who represents the
President as commander-in-chief of the militia.of'
the Territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I have another amendment, *
Mr. HUNTER. The question was taken too
rapidly on the last amendment. I am not dis-
posed to pay troops called out by the Governor,
unless the President orders it beforehand. At
least, we should have an examination before we
pay the claims of troops called out on the recom-'
mendation of the Governor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
begs pardon of the Senator; the amendment has
been agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I will reserve it when we
come into the Senate.
Mr. RICE. I have a word to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment has been agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I have another amendment:
To enable the Secretary of War to pay to F. W. Lander,
for his services in the survey of the railroad route to Puget
Sound, by Fort Hall and the South Pass, to the Missouri
river, the amount found to be due him, $4,750, out of any
money in the Treasury not othei wi&e appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of order.
That is a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless there
bo some explanation of the amendment, the Chair
thinks so.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say, that it was
estimated for, as will be found by the report of
Mr. Humphrey, captain of the topographical en-
gineers, to Secretary Floyd.
Mr. HUNTER. That is no estimate; and a
private claim cannot come in under an estimate
anyhow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. From the read-
ing of the amendment, the Chair would be in-
clined to think it is not in order.
Mr. WILSON. I am inclined to the opinion
that the Chair is right that the amendment is not
strictly in order; but I was directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to move it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that the amendment cannot be received.
Mr, HALE. I have an amendment to offer,
which is simply a bill that passed the Senate, re-
ducing the pay of some officeis of the Army:
And be it further ennried, That from and after the passage
of tins act, the number of rations allowed to each grade of
commissioned officers of the Army, by the acts oi March
16, 1802, April 24,1816, and Match 18:47, shall be com-
muted ar the pi ice fixed by the act of February 21,18o7, and
the amount ol such commutation shall be added to the pay
of each officei, aceoiding to his uiade, and that theicaftor
no other comminution tor said rations shall be allowed.
And be it further enocled, That the additional ration al-
lowed to each commissioned officer ot the Army, for every
five yeais of ln  service, by the act of July 5, 1S38, and the
art supplemental thcieto, of July 7. 1S38, shall, in like man-
nei, he commuted, and the amount of such commutation
shall also be added to the pay of buch officers, according to
the length of die seivice: Prod-Jed, That said additional
compensation for length of service shall not further accu-
mulate after the period ot forty years.
And be it further enacted* That so much of the sixth sec-
tion ot* the act of August 23, 1842, as allows additional or
double rations to the commandant of each permanent or
fixed poM garriboned with troops, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
And be it further enacted, That officers having brevet
commissions shall not be entitled to any increase ot pay or
emoluments, because of the exercise ot command accord-
ing to thoir brevet rank.
And he it further enact cd, That officers of the Army, while
ab>eutfroiri their appropnate duties, either with or without
leav*, shall not rcceive the allowance^ authorized by the
existing laws for servants, forage, transportation of baggage,
fuel and quarters, eithei m kind or m commutation; nor
&hull any allow ance for sei vants> or horses be heieaftermade,
either in kind or in commutation, unless such servants and
horses shall have been muscred and inspected at such times
arid in such manner as the President may dnect.
And be it father enacted, That ali acts and parts of acts
inconsistent herewith, be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
Mr. HUNTER.. That has been passed as a
separate bill, and I hope it will not ho put on this
bill. I think there was an attempt in the House
of Representatives to regulate the appropriations
according to that bill; but it failed. At this late
period of the session, 1 do not desire to get up
too many subjects of controversy between the
two Houses of Congress. I hope the Senator
will not press the adoption of this amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I will try another amendment.
There has been a good deal said about retienth-
