320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11.
had concluded—was to give the naval appropria-
tion bill a thorough overhauling,
"From turret to foundation stone,"
and to see if we could not find out anything in it
which ought to be struck out.
Several Members. Right; right.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In reply to the
inquiry of the gentiemanfrom New York, I would
say that, if the bill bp. committed to tho Committee
on Naval Affairs, that committee would have the
power to recommend such an increase or diminu-
tion of appropriations as they might think proper.
So has the Committee of the Whole on the state j
of the Union that power. When that bill shall
have been referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where it must go, then,
if the Committee on Naval Affairs desire to pre-
sent any propositions as amendments to it, it will
have the power to do so, either through its organ
or by any member of it. So, too, any member
of the House has the right, in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to submit prop-
ositions to amend, by reducing or by increasing
the appropriations authorized by existing laws.
There the propositions can be discussed: and there
is the true place in which these appropriation bills
are to be perfected. No committee will arrogate
to itself infallibility. The Committee of Ways
and Means is as liable to err as any other com-
mittee', but when they reported the bill, they acted
on their own judgment on the information before
them. In many instances, they have felt it their
duty to recommend a reduction of the estimates
submitted to them. That was the ease in the bill
under consideration.
I do not see that any good is to be accomplished
by referring this bill to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. It has been found to be wise by those
who preceded us in legislation, to intrust to one
committee financial questions and financial meus- j
urea. I desire to repel in most emphatic terms ;
the charge winch I have sometimes heard made j
on the floor of the House of Representatives, '
that the Committee of Ways and Means seeks to
absorb the whole business of the House—seeks
to monopolize it and bring it within its grasp. I
have been on that committee for a long period
of time, and have always endeavored to resist
taking charge of anything except that which is
legitimately intrus.ted to it under the rules of the j
House, and by the order of the House. And let ;
me here remark, that if gentlemen in this House
desire to get at the consideration of public business
other than appropriation bills, there is no method
by which that result can be brought about so
easily as by hastening the consideration of the
appropriation bills. 1 do not mean that we shoufi!
act upon them without due consideration. AH
but three of them wuru reported before Congress j
took its n-cess on the 23d of December. The j
others were reported immediately after the re- j
assembling of Congress. Tliuy were ordered to |
be printed, nnd were printed and ready for distri- j
bution on the next or subsequent day after they i
were reported. They were therefore in that sit- I
uation that every member of the House could ex- ,
amine them with the estimatesin his hands. They 1
could refer to the laws authorizing these expend- ;
itures, and if, in any instance, the Committee of .
Ways and Mecins had recommended appropri- ;
ations that were too large or too small, gentlemen j
could be ready, when these bills came up for con- !
sideration, tosubmitamendments to them; and if I
gentlemen would then confine their remarks to i
the subject-matter underconsideration they would ,
hasten the business of the Iiuuse, and soon dis- j
pose of it. When these bills shall have been dis- j
posed of, other measures of financial policy may ;
be brought before the House. That long list of i
bills on the Calendar can be thus reached, and ;
all important measures pending befoie the Com- 1
xmtteeof the Whole House can be considered or
have some disposition made of them before the
close of the session. t
I therefore submit to the House whether it is
expedient now to change its policy? If we do j
change it, why not commence with a change in :
the rules of the House ? There is the true foun- .
dation of reform. Change your rules, and provide
that the estimates for the different branches of the
public service shall, by the rules, be referred to
then appiopriale committee. Then, if you please,
let one committee, as has been suggested by some
members, be an advisory commutce, and let that
be the financial committee of the House. But what
is proposed in this case is to make another com-
mittee an advisoty committee over the action of
the Committee of'Ways and Means. The policy
of the gentleman from Ohio, if it is to be adopted,
should have been commenced on the other bills
It should have been commenced on the pension
appropriation bill. It sliould have been adopted
on the Indian appropriation bill that passed yes-
terday; and on the Military Academy bill that
passed before the recess of Congress. These re-
marks, Mr. Speaker, I felt it my duty to make on
this occasion.
Mr. BOCOCK. I shall make a very few re-
marks, Mr. Speaker, in reply to the remarks of the
gen^man from Missouri; and I do so more from
a sense of the duty that I owe to the committee
over which, by your favor, I preside, and from a
sense of duty to the country, than from any feeling
I have in regard to the proposition now pending
before the House. For a long time past there has
been a feeling in the country, growing from year to
year, that there is somethingwronginour manner
of managing the appropriations of money made by
the Government of the United States. Our expend-
itures are great. They have increased, are in-
creasing, and most of us believe that they ought
to bo diminished. We who belong to the Naval
Committee ore met very frequently by the inquiry,
" How is it that your rtaval establishment costs
so much money as it does; and why do you not
take some steps to have the amountof money ap-
propriated for it reduced Jt is not known, per-
haps, to the country that the Naval Committee of
the House, under our rules, has no more influence
on the expenditures for the naval establishment
of the country than is possessed by any other
committee. Two or three weeks a£o,with a view
to change this state of things, a proposition was
submitted, and, by a unanimous vote of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, adopted; instructing me
as its organ to move this House when the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means reported the naval
appropriation bill, that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs for examination. I was
unintentionally out when the appropriation bill
was reported; and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] in my absence, brought forward the
proposition in my stead. I am here now to speak
for that committee.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Piielps] has correctly laid down the duties
of the Committee of Ways and Means, under
the rules of the House, and has asked us why, if
we mean to proceed in this matter m the manner
indicated, we do not begin by a proposition to
change the rules? That is a question easily asked,
and as easily answered. The gentleman from
Missouri is one of the few men that have been
members of this House longer-than I have, and
yet he knows as well as I do the difficulty that
exists in changing the rules of the House of
Representatives. Sir, a committee was appointed
at the last session to consider the subject of the
rules, and recommend changes. Amendments have
been proposed by that committee, and we find it al-
most impossible to get a consideration of them.
It is next to impossible to change the rules. We
had, therefore, to consider this subject under the
rules of the House, as we found them, knowing
as we did, that if we waited for a change of them,
we should wait as the fool did till the waters
passed by, and wait in vain.
Now, 1 would have preferred, as the gentle-
man from Missouri suggested, if it had been prac-
ticable under the rules, that the estimates should
have been at first referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs; that when the Committee on Naval
Affairs reported what amount of supply was ne-
cessary for the naval establishment, then the Com-
mittee of'Ways andMeans, as itis their legitimate
sphere, and as their name indicates, should have
merely reported to the House a bill to raise the
money called for by that committee. That is the
1 manner in which the matter is managed in the
; English Parliament, from which our rules are
i mostly taken. The Chancellor of the Exchequer
' submits what he calls his budget to the House of
1 Commons. That budget is referred to a Commit-
; teeofSupply; they consider it, and determine how
| much is necessary to carry on the operations of
j the Government. When that committee has re-
■ ported, its report is referred to a Committee of
i Ways and Means. The duty, and the only duty,
of the Committee of Ways and Means is to re-
port a bill to raise the money. The Committee
of Supply is a different committee from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. The Committee of
Supply decides how much is needed for each par-
ticular branch of the service. The Committee of
Ways and Means provide for raising that money,
and nothing else. A " Committee of Ways and
Means!" Ways and means for what? The ways
and means that may be called for to carry on tne
different departments of the Goverrrment.-
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
permit a single section of the law of Parliament
to be read to show the mode and manner in which
business is transacted in the English Parliament?
Mr. BOCOCIC. Yes, sir; I yield for that pur-
pose.
The Clerk read as follows:
" When these estimates have been presented, printed, ami
circulated amongst the members, the sittings of the Com-
mittee of Supply begin. The estimates and accounts wluch
are neces-sary to gu>de the committee are refened, and the
member of the Administration representing the department
for which the supplies aieiequired first explains to the com-
mittee fuel) matters aa may satisfy them of the correctness
and propriety of the estimates, and then proceeds to pro-
pose each grant in succession; which is put from the chair
in these woitls: 'That a sum not exceeding £ be
granted to her Majesty,' for the object specified in the esti-
mate.
" At the beginning of a new Parliament the first business
of the Committee of Supply is to elect a chairman, who,
when chosen, continues to preside over that committee for
the remainder of the Pailiament. If any difference should
anse m his election, the Speaker resumes the chair, and it
is determined by the Ilouae what member shall take the
ciiair of the committee, in the manner already explained in
reference to other Committees of the Whole House. This
official chairman, who is designated the chaiiman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, also presides over the
Committee of Ways and Means and other Committees of
the Whole House; and executes vanous duties in connec-
tion with private bills, which will be described in the proper
place.
" When the fust report of the Committee of Supply has
been received by the Ilouse, and agieed to, a day is ap-
pointed loi the House to resolve itself into a committee ; to
consider of ways and means of raising the supply granted
to her Majesty;' or, as it is briefly denominated, 'the
Committee of Ways and Means.' The Hou^c will not ap-
point this committee until they have voted a sum of money
as the foundation of its future proceedings ; nor is the com-
mittee subsequently permuted to vote ways and means in
excess of the expenditure voted by the Committee ol Sup-
ply."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. In the British
Parliament there are no standing committees, as
m this House. The Committee of Supply is a
Committee of the Whole House, and the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is a Committee of the
Whole House. I make this statement that the
House may not be misled by the authority cited
by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman will
perceive that the head of each particular depart-
ment of the Government makes his estimates, and
they aie explained just as if the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs should make a state-
ment of what is necessary for the naval service;
and after all the items have been explained and
debated in the Committee of Supply, the whole
goes to the Comraittee'of Ways and Means.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. But they have
no such committee as our Committee of Ways
and Means. They have no standing committees
at all.
Mr. BOCOCK. If the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia has any weight upon this
question at all, it bears in favor of the position
which I maintain. If it is a Committee of the
Whole House in each case, as I believe it is, then
why draw the distinction between the Committee
of Supply and the Committee of Ways and Means?
It is because the duties in the two cases are dif-
ferent and ought to be kept separate and distinct.
In other words, if the Committee of Ways and
Means and the Committee of Supply in the Brit-
ish Parliament arc constituted of the same per-
sons, why, unless they wish to keep their duties
distinct, call them by different names? It is be-
cause they think it important that the question of
deciding how much shall be raised for the sup-
port of the Government, and the duty of devising
the means to raise that money., shall be kept sep-
arate and distinct.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I would suggest
to the gentleman that under our system the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means act with reference to
existing provisions of law only. It is the peculiar
function of our standing Committee of Ways and
Means only to make recommendations for the
