It02
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
meat in the Army. I will move an amendment'
upon which I will simply content myself with
asking for the yeas and nays:
Jlni be it further cnacteii, That the eighth section of the
act approved March 3, 1855, entitled An act making ap-
propriations for tne support of the Army, for the year end-
ing the 30tti of June, 1856, and for other purposes," pro-
viding that there shall be added to the Army two regiments
of infantry and two regiments of cavalry, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed."
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I voted against this increase
originally, but I am not willing, now that it is es-
tablished, to undertake, without information, to
reduce the number of the Army so largely, and
disband whole regiments.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I would inquire of the
Senator from New Hampshire the extent of the
reduction that he proposes?
Mr. HALE. When the act of 1855 was passed,
there were fifteen regiments, and that added four,
making nineteen. In addition to that, we have
given the President discretion to raise the rank
and file, in each company, from sixty to seventy-
four men; and of the one hundred and ninety-
eightcompanies which constitute the whole Army,
this discretion to raise each company from sixty
to seventy-four men has been exercised in one
hundred and seventy-eight companies, as I tyn
informed by the Senatorfrom Georgia. We have
said a good deal about retrenchment in the Army.
Here is a practical place where we can put our
hand. This amendment does not touch the com-
panies; it leaves the companies just as they are,
with seventy-four men each, but reduces the num-
ber of regiments from nineteen to fifteen. That
is the effect of the amendment.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. This is a mode of legis-
lation on grave subjects that I think should not
receive the sanction of the Senate. We all know
that the increase of the Array was effected with
considerable labor. It cost both branches of Con-
gress a great deal of time, and was very fully in-
vestigated. What evidence have you from the
Secretary of War, or from any one of the Depart-
ments of the Government, that there is not a ne-
cessity for these regiments? Who in the Senate
has investigated the subject? Who, except those
who listened to the gentleman's remarks, and
whose views agree with his, understand anything
about the necessity of a reduction of the Army?
I do not. We have not been advised by the or-
ganized authorities of the country that the Army
is too large. We ail concede that it is too ex-
pensive, and I am willing to retrench wherever it
is necessary; but, if called upon to vote on this
question with my present information, I must
vote against the amendment. The chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, who is the
organ of that committee, and who understands
more about military affairs than I do, or perhaps
any other member of the Senate, has not deemed
it proper to bring it to the notice of the Senate, or
ask Congress to repeal the law and disband the
Army at this time. It is quite an innovation. It
is a proposition of no ordinary importance to
strike down four regiments which may be abso-!
lutely necessary for the defense of the country. I j
am opposed to it; and, without more light on the
subject, 1 shall vote against the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I want to correct the honorable j
Senator from Alabama in one respect. He says j
the perfecting of the bill of 1805 was a work of j
great care and labor. On the contrary, the pro-
vision was stuck into an appropriation bill m j
1855, mi the same way I propose to strike it out. i
He is mistaken m supposing there was any great i
labor about that. j
Mr. IVERSON. I can state to the Senator
from New Hampshire that, though it was put into j
an appropriation bill, it was done upon the rec-1
ommendationof the President of the United States j
and of the Secretary of War, and that it was in- j
vestigated by the Committee on Military Affairs j
of both Houses, and underwent the very closest i
scrutiny. Although it was put on an appropria-
tion bill, it was a matter of very grave considera-
tion, and was not sprung upon the Senate as this
amendment now is—on the heel of an appropria-
tion bill, at a late period of the session, without
any investigation by any committee. I think it
very extraordinary that the Senator from New
Hampshire should now propose to disband four
regiments of the United States Army upon a prop-
osition which has not undergone the scrutiny and j
investigation of a committee; a proposition which
has not been recommended by the President or
Secretary of War; in fact, in the face of the rec-
ommendation of the Administration; for at the last
session, they called upon Congress to create four
or five new regiments. Now, sir, these regiments
of cavalry and infantry are spread out in the In-
dian country, they are engaged in4he protection
of the frontiers of the United States against Indian
incursions. They are necessary; and if you were
to disband them to-day, in less than six months
you would have to call out volunteers at vastly
more expense to the Government than the main-
tenance of these four regiments. I trust the Sen-
ate will not adopt the amendment. It ought not
to be done without further consideration.
Mr. DAVIS. It is quite surprising to me to
hear the statement that this increase of the Army
was by a hasty amendment offered to an appro-
priation bill. It was recommended by the De-
partment; a bill was prepared by the appropriate
committee; it was deliberately considered; and
Congress acted in that mode of legislation only
from necessity. It was not merely considered
when presented, as an amendment to an appro-
priation bill. Moreover, I will say what, I be-
lieve the united testimony of the Army will sus-
tain , that the Senator selects the four best regiments
of the Army; that they were filled up by picked
officers from the service, and, generally, by very
good appointments from civil Bfe. They brought
together men with all the information and expe-
rience which belonged to the Army, and with the
general knowledge which they drew from civil
life. I have heard no one who was at all ac-
quainted with the subject, say that the field officers
of these regiments were not m efficiency in past
service, ancl in ability for future service, far su-
perior to any four regiments in the Army. Thus
wantonly the Senator wades into the Army to
snatch from it what, without disparaging others,
I may say is its very flower. If the Army is larger
by four regiments than is needful, then it would
seem that one who proposed reform should at
least proceed, by some inquiry, to require some
one to investigate how the Army could be re-
duced, where it should be reduced, how four regi-
ments in amount could be taken out of the whole
body of the Army without impairing the public
service.
I do not believe it is proper to reduce it at all.
My own impression is, that the error wo have
committed has been in attempting to keep down
the number of regiments, and to fill up the com-
panies to the war establishment, instead of in-
creasing the number of regiments with the wants
of the country, and preserving that skeleton or-
ganization which maiks the wisdom of our fore-
fathers, and should have been the pattern which
we ought to have followed. If, however, the Sen-
ate believe that there are four more regiments in
the Army than are needful or proper, then, I say,
let a provision be introduced into this bill, or some
other, requiring the Executive to report to Con-
gress a plan for the reduction of the Army by the
equivalent of four regiments. Disrate it; disband
it; concentrate; do anything but select four regi-
ments to strike them from the roll of the Army
without reference to the men who compose them.
1 know, sir, that attempts have been made to rep-
resent these four regiments as having been Offi-
cered with fuvoiitism; and some day or other,
when Jt is not so improper to consume the time
of the Senate, I intend to expose all the slanders
that have been uttered in that regard on tins floor.
1 will not consume the time of the Senate now;
but had this bill come up when there was time, I
had reserved the material to answer the miserable
assaults that were made when I was known to be
confined to a bed of sickness, and to be unable to
speak for niyself at the last session.
Mr. HALE. I will say, so far as relates to the
character of these regiments, or the conduct of
the Senator from Mississippi when Secretary of
War in the appointment of officers, I never heard
one syllable, and had not the remotest reference
to him on earth; so he will acquit me of that.
Mr. DAYIS. I did not mean you. I do not
know that you ever did it.
Mr. HALE. I have heard it said a good many
times by gentlemen, that the expenditures of the
Army are enormous. I think they have got up
to fifteen or sixteen millions. The complaint is
certainly made by the Senator from Mississippi,
because gentlemen do not put their hand on any
particular thing, do not point out any abuses,
that this is all general declamation. Well, sir, I
do net pretend to any great knowledge of this
subject; but I took the statutes and looked them
over to see where 1 could find any definite and
particular place to-strike practically, and this bill
increasing the Army by four regiments occurred
to me. I do not know a single man in them. I
do not know where they came from. I do not
know but what they are the finest officers on earth,
and did not mean to intimate they were not; but
I took that as one of the salient points by which
the object of reducing the expenses of the Army
might be attained. That is the beginning and the
end of it. If I were to wait, or anybody who
wants to reduce the Army should wait, until the
officers of the Army said, "here is a piece which
may be cut off with safety and prudence," we
would wait a great while—a very great while. I
know the opinions of the Senator from Missis-
sippi. They were fully disclosed in the debate
which took place in the last session, which re-
sulted in the authority to the President to call out
some volunteers, and, if I am rightly informed,
the President never exercised that authority at
all; there was not one regiment called out.
Mr. DAVIS. You are right.
Mr. HALE. There was not one of them called
out; and the necessity which was felt at that time
for an increased force, was a necessity for an in-
crease of the regular Army, and the pretense for
it was, that the defenses of the country required
it. Congress said to the President, " if that is
so, if you want to defend the country, we will
give as many volunteers as you want;" but the
President did not have one, and would not take
them. It was an increase of the Army that was
wanted.
Now, sir, I am opposed to an increase of the
Army, and I am in favor of a decrease. I think,
in the present state of our finances, that the ex-
penses of the Army are inordinate, and greatly
beyond what we ought to pay. If these four regi-
ments are to be kept up, let us drop four others.
I do not want nineteen regiments. I am willing
to draw by lot which shall be the four to go out.
I will go for any plan by which we shall get rid
of four regiments. It is without any personal im-
putation or reflection upon any officer of the regi-
ment, or upon any member of the last Adminis-
tration, or upon anybody on God's earth, that I
make this suggestion; but it is with a simple de-
sire to reach, practically and efficiently, what I
desire, and that is a reduction in the Army.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot propose to strike out
any particular four regiments. I do not believe
you can find a regiment which can properly be
stricken out; first, because I do not believe there
are too many; and secondly, if there were too
many, I do not believe that is the mode of reduc-
tion; that you should take out theinferior officers,
discharge the inferior men, and thus reduce the
whole force to the equivalent of the number of
regiments you intend to keep. We should not
strike at organized bodies; but reduce, if you
think reduction necessary, by taking away as
many officers and as many men as will bring the
Army down to the standard you are willing to
maintain. If your standard be four regiments less
than you now have, then reduce from the whole
body, describing the arms in which you will
make the reduction, the equivalent of four regi-
ments. This is the manner in which we have
always reduced the Army whenever any reduc-
tion has been made. When we passed from the
war to the peace establishment, and they were
all upon one footing, only divided into different
corps or arms of service, they were reduced in
that manner. At the close of the war with Mex-
ico, Congress having very carefully guarded
against the probability of continuing too many
troops in the service, regiments were dropped,
because regiments had been called into service
under laws that provided for their continuance
only during the war. That was the case with all
except the mounted rifle regiment, which had been
organized for a special service and for a limited
time, but which became permanent on the peace
establishment.
If gentlemen believe it is wise to have large
companies and a small number of regiments, they
have nothing to do but to say that the Army muse
be reduced by the equivalent of four regiments,
