THE C0NGRESSI0M1 GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL TEOGEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. 'RIVES]
i * • -
Thirty-Fifth Congress, % Session.
THURSDAY, JANTIARY 13, 1859.
purpose of carrying ou t exis'ting laws. Under the
Engljsh system4hat-jB-ft6't 'the practice. The ex-
penditures of the English Government are not reg-
ulated by laws- which have been in existence, but
are regulated upon the estimates of appropria-
tion® made by responsible ministers. Inconse-
quence, the Committee of Supply—which is a
Committee of theWhole'House—performs a func-,
tion which, in our case, has already been per-
formed by the Congress of the United States. In
the British Parliament, the Committee of Supply
establishes propositions with reference to the pub-
lic service, and the Committee of Ways and Means
merely carries them out. But here the peculiar
function which the Committee of Supply in the
English Parliament performs has aheady been
performed by the legislative power of the United
States.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Louisiana
may somewhat approach correctness theoreti-
cally—he is not exactly correct even theoretically
—but he is very far from it practically. I ask the
gentleman from Louisiana if there is any law fix-
ing the amount wluch the Committee of Ways!
and Means shall put in the naval appropriation
bill for reconstruction and repairs? is there any
law limiting the Committee of Ways and Means
to |100,000, or $200,000, or $300,000 for that pur-
pose ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. 1 understand
that, under the rules of the House, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means cannot report appropri-
ations, unless it is to carry out provisions of ex-
isting law; and that, under the rules of the House,
no amendment to the bills which they have re-
ported, which is founded upon a different prin-
ciple, is in order.
Mr. BOCOCK. I said that the gentleman might
approach correctness theoretically. He did not,
however,exactly reach it in theory. Practically,
he was far from it, as I intend to show. 1 had
asked the gentleman whether the discretion of ]
the Committee of Ways and Means was limited i
upon tlie different items of appropriation in the
naval bill? They are not so limited by any law.
It is true that they are restricted to appropriations
for objects pointed out by law; but the amount
which they may appropriate for these objects is
left to their discretion. This is the province of
the Committee of Supply m the British Parlia-
ment. Furthermore, the Committee of Ways and
Means do not practically confine themselves to
the law. 1 do not now speak with reference to
the gentleman from Missouri and his committee;
I speak with reference to the general practice.
How is it that the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Branch,] and other gentlemen, have
had occasion so often to say: "Here is an item in
this bill which is not in pursuance of existing
law, and which could not be moved as an amend-
ment to it under the rules of this House." This
thing is constantly done, and what is the redress?
When the Committee of Ways and Means report
a bill to the House, and it is referred to the Com-
mittee of the W hole on the state of the Union, if
a member makes objection to any item in it, on
the ground that it is not in pursuance of existing
law, the answer of the chairman is, that the bill
has been referred to a committee, and that it is
impossible to rule out of order what the House
has ordered to be considered. So, practically,
the Committee of Ways and Means may incor-
porate anything m an appropriation bill,and very
often do they incorporate items not in pursuance
of existing law; and yet, upon a question of order,
we would be unable to rule it out.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman fiom Virginia, I desire to
interrupt him a moment. He has already passed
that blanch of the subject upon which 1 desired
to make a statement. 1 before adverted to the
course pursued in the early history of the Gov-
ernment in preparing estimates of expenditure.
They then adopted a system similar to the Eng-
lish system. A committee in the first Congress
was constituted for the purpose of preparing esti-
mates of appropriations for the support of the
21
Government for that year. There was theti^rto
Committee of Ways and Means by the,rule£ of
the House. There were but two standing com-
mittees of the House. That committee prepared
and reported its estimates in the safoe form that
the Secretary of the Treasury now prepares his
estimates. Those estimates were submitted to
the House; and the House, following the course
of the English parliamentary practice, referred
them to a committee to bring in a bill. Sorne half
a dozen years thereafter, I think it was in 1795,
there was a simple order adopted appointinga
standing committee consisting, sometimes of one
member from each State, sometimes of seven
members; and then again at another time of twen-
ty-one members. But it was a committee ap-
pointed simply to bring in a bill according to es-
timates which had been prepared in the House
itself. Afterwards the Secretary of the Treasury
was required to submit to Congress estimates of
appropriations; and those estimates, from that
time up to the present, have been invariably re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
I meiely say that the first pi acticw of Congress
was analogous to that of the British Pailiament
• in the House of Commons, and that our fathers
changed it, and organized a standing committee
of this EJouse, whose duty it was to consider the
estimates of appropriations, as well as to devise
the means for raising revenue.
Mr. BOCOCK. When I see this discussion
reported, I may be at a loss to determine whose
speech this is. If it is mine, I wish it to be mine.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I interrupted the
gentleman only by his permission.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not complain. I merely
mean to suggest that I would like to conclude my
observations without any more interruption than
gentlemen may think is neccssary for them to
make.
I have said I would have preferred if, under the
rules of the House it could be done, that estimates
of appropriation should have been originally re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, that the
Committee on Naval Affairs could have had the
opportunity of giving those estimates a thorough
revision, and of reporting to the House that so
much money would be needed for the naval ser-
vice of the country, that then the. Committee of
Ways and Means should have reported a bill to
raise that money. That was impracticable under
the rules of the House. We knew it was impos-
sible to change the-rules. The nearest we could
approach the accomplishment of that object was,
after the Committee of Ways and Means had re-
ported the bill, to move to refer it to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Now, sir, I stated, in the commencement of my
remarks, that the amount of appropriations for
the expenses of the Government had increased,
and continued to increase, until it had reached an
amount alarming to the country, and that one
great difficulty in the way of reforming these
abuses is the fact that these estimates of appro-
priations do not, and cannot, in the nature of
things, under the rules as they now stand, under-
go a thorough revision. How is it possible, in
three short months, for one committee of this
House, able, intelligent, and efficient as that com-
mittee may be, to give all the estimates of appro-
priations for every branch of the Government a
thorough and searching investigation ? How can
the Committee of Ways and Means investigate
and find out whether the expenses of the naval
service, of the military service, of the Indian ser-
vice, and of all other branches of the service, are
excessive or not? Can they do it all? It seems to
me impracticable. And let me submit to the House
what standing committee would be most likely to
know how much is necessary for the naval ser-
vice ? the Committee of Ways and Means, or
that committee whose duty it is to turn their at-
tention exclusively to naval affairs ?
If we are to have a reform in reference to this
matter, if this searching scrutiny to which 1 have
alluded is to be given, the present practice of the
House must be changed. The gentleman at the
h«ad of the Ways and Means C 
this thing has not been
uffevaiW that tecrauife-a thlftg has not bceri! <joi>«
before, it is riot tot be done- notf, then you
to the necessity of'moving Mi in the way Voctr
fathers went, without ever embracing a rtew ides,
or adopting a new expedient to reform abuses*.
Mr. Speaker, ! am impressed with the belief,
from my examination of the iiavalapprbpiiatioii
bill, that under several items of apjfopmtidifa
great abuses are practiced, and "that chose^abyses
ought to be remedied. I am free to' declare'it .as
my deliberate conviction that too muchmoneyJ&
expended in the navy-yards of this country/for
the amount of work performed. " -
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks itis'hafiftj'
proper to refer to the subject-matter of the bill*.
Mr. BOCOCK. I intended that as' a reason
why this bill ought to undergo scrutiny" aiidrieT
vision; but if the Chair thinks it but of tfrderj I
pass it by. * \ ! ' ' *
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Has the geiHte-
man examined the naval appropriation bill ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I have tried to getthis' bill,
but have been unable to do so. I believe it lias not
yet been printed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The reason why
I propounded to the gentleman from Virginia the
question whether he had examined this bill'wis,
that, in the haste of speaking, perhaps,.-he carried
the impression that he was speaking of appropri-
ations in the bill as recommended by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. ,
Mr. BOCOCK. I did not mean to speak of
this particular bill. I believe that this bill., how-
ever, rncnmmendsan appropriation almostas large
as that contained in bills which have gone before
it. I am not disposed to blame the Committee of
Ways and Means. In the nature of things, the
Committee of Ways and Means ccfuld not thor-
oughly examine all these matters. If these things
are to be reformed, you will have to adopt some
new method, and we piopose it.
Is the Committee of Ways and Means, and the
Committee of Ways and Means alone, to determ-
ine how much money you must appropriate for
ycyir military establishment, how much for your
naval establishment, how much for your Indian
establishment, how much for the judiciary, how
much for your diplomatic and consular service^-
how much for everything else? Are some nine
members, selected by the Speaker, 110 doubt
wisely, from the most efficient members,of the
House—are they to be intrusted tocairy on almost
the entire practical legislation of Congress ? I do
not charge that the Committee of Ways and
Means seeks to engross and absorb all the busi-
ness of the House. No, sir; I have made no such
charge. What I say is, that under the rules and
practice of .the House, the Committee of Ways
and Meansdoes practically have the controlof nine
tenths of the legislation of the Congress of the
United States. This ought not so to be. Under-
stand me; 1 do not object, so far as these gentle-
men are concerned; far from it. I object to the
policy. I object in the name of the country, and-
because the public service would be promoted by
a different practice; and if my friend from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] thinks that we had any dis- 1
position to imply any distrust of him, he does us
great injustice. I do not care who may be at the
head of that committee; I do not care if he be
wiser thaiv any statesman that has ever lived in
the country. If we had a man who could marshal
statistics with all the terrible array of a Pitt, who
could hurl the burning bolts of logic with ail the
crushing power of Fox, and who could wield the
light artillery of eloquence and of wit with all the
feu dejoie splendor of a Sheridan—if, sir, we had
a man combining all the powers of all these, I
would still say, that such a man would not be
able to embrace, comprehend, and fully master,
all the subjects referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means of this House.
No, sir; I have no desire to reflect upon ttia
