14®4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
The repayment of advances made by the States
in- time ot war, is peculiarly appropriate to a bill
making appropriations for the Army. It seems
to me there can be no better place for it than in
the- Army bill because the claims arose out of the
expenditures for army purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia insist upon his point of order?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
not feel at liberty to overrule the decision of the
Senate made at the last session, which was that
the amendment was in order.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I will go on to state
that the Secretary of the Treasury has submitted
a report to the two Houses, in obedience to the
act of the last session, inclosing- reports of the
Second and Third Auditors. The Second Audit-
or's report says, the amounts required to be paid
the various States are as follows:
States. Amount.
Maine   $21,293 92
Virginia    2.463 85
Tennessee  1,411 78
Georgia    30.831 25
Total.
.$35,030 80
That is from the report of the Second Auditor.
Then the Third Auditor reports that under the
same law, it has been ascertained, there will be
Due South Carolina, on readjustment  $202,230 90
Due Virginia    1,076.083 ;J5
Due Delaware  18,540 97
Due New York  2i
Due Pennsylvania  218.50' 71
Due City of Baltimore  23^562 55
$1,588,521 69
Which sum, added to the $55,930 80 reported
by the Second Auditor, wilt make m ihe aggregate
something over §1,600,000.
The act of the last session was passed in con-
sequence of the question being raised by an ap-
plication of the State of South Carolina. That
Slate had hail its interest accounts settled by the
Treasury Department upon the old principle of
settlement, and hud entered a solemn protest
against the mode of adjustment. 11 canic to Con-
gress at the last session and presented its memo-
rial to this body, asking that the account should
be reopened and read jus ted, and the State of South
Carolina paid, according to the provisions and prin-
ciples of settlement which had been applied in the
case of the State of Maryland; and the Committee
of Claims, of which 1 have the honor to be chair-
man, took the subject up and concluded that it
was just and proper, and that they would repoit
a proposition embiacing all the States similarly
situated, and not introduce one simply for the
State of South Carolinaaionc. Under that determ-
ination of the committee, the amendment which
I have read to the Senate was reported to the mis-
cellaneous bill at the last session, and went to the
House of Representatives, who substituted the
provision which was finally passed diiecting the
Secretary of the Tieasury to report the amount
that would be due if the principle of adjustment
provided in the act of 1857 was adopted. The
twelfth section of the act of 1857, which legulates
the mode of adjusting and paying interest, as ap-
plied to the State of Maryland, is in the follow-
ing words:
u Slc. 12. Jlnd he it fuilhcr cnaclad, That the propor ac-
counting officer^ ol the Tieasmy ho, and they ate hereby,
authonzed and duected to reexamine rlieaeeou.it between
the United States and the State of Maryland, an the same
was. from time to time, adjured under the act parsed on
the 13th May, 1626, entitled £ An act authorizing the pay-
ment of iim-rcft due to the Sinle of Mainland;' and on
*uch reexamination to assume the sums expanded by the
State ol Man land for the Ut-e and benefit ot the United
States, and the sums refunded and repaid by the United
Stated to the haid State, and the times o! such payments, as
being correctly stated m the account, as the same has here-
tofore been passed at the Treasmy Depaitment; but. in the
calculation of inteie.-t due under the act aforesaid, the
following rules thai! be observed, to wit: Inteieat shall be
calculated up to the time of any payment made. To this
interest the payment shall be lii>t applied; and if it exceed
the interest due, the balance pImM be applied to dimtni>h
the principal. If the payment fall short of (he interest, the
balance of interest shall not be added to the principal, so as
to pioduce interest. Second, interest  iiull be allowed the
State of Maryland on such punis only on which the said
State either paid interest or lo t interest by the uansfer of
an jnteie^t-bearing fund."
This provision was applied by that act to the
State of Maryland, and under it the accounts of
that State were reopened and readjusted at the
Treasury Department; and she was paid back, if
I remeiftber aright, the sum of $272-,000. The
amendment which I now propose simply puts all
the State precisely on the footing that the act of
1857 put the State of Maryland. It is just and
proper that the rule, if applied to one State, should
be applied to all; and the rule is itself just and
proper. Heretofore, the mode of calculating in-
terest at the Treasury Department has been the
old mode which was in vogue some half century
or century ago, and which has long since been ex-
ploded in every civilized country. They calcu-
lated the interest upon the principal up to the
time of the settlement, and they calculated inter-
est upon the various payments up to the time of
the settlement, and struck a balance. That mode
of calculating interest has been exploded in every
State in the Union. Not a single State now ad-
heres to it, although it was in early days, when
I was a boy, the mode of calculating interest.
The mode now is that applied to the accounts of
the State of Maryland, first to compute interest
up to the time of the first payment, and then ap-
ply the payment, in the first place, to the extin-
guishment of the interest, and then apply any
surplus to the extinguishment of the principal,
and so on of each payment of interest. That is
the principle on which the accounts of Maryland
have been settled, and I propose to apply it to
all the States of the Union. It is just and proper.
The amendment, you will perceive, does not
give the States interest, unless they paid it them-
selves, or lost it by the transfer of an interest-
bearing fund. It is just and proper that every
State should be put on the same footing as the
State of Maryland. And the principle of settle-
ment proposed is just and proper in itself. It is
the mode adopted by every State in the Union in
the calculation of interest. I have put in the
amendment a provision that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall pay these amounts to the States
in five per cent, bonds of the United States, re-
deemable in ten years, or sooner, at the discre-
tion of the President. The States, I understand,
are perfectly willing to take five percent, bonds
of tlie United States instead of the money. In
the present embarrassed condition of the country,
we think it prudent and proper to make this pro-
vision. With this explanation of the case, I hope
the Senate will adopt the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. At the last session, I voted
against the provision when it was introduced; but
1 believe the opinion of the State which 1 repre-
sent is, that she is entitled to the money; and al-
though I would never have used my official posi-
tion to introduce it, I feel bound to vote for it as
her representative. I suppose, in justice, if we
were settling the account originally, this would
be the proper mode of doing it. I do not thmic it
well to reopen these old accounts which have been
settled, and with the settlements of which the
| States were satisfied in former times; but the
] precedent which has been set in the ease of Mary-
j land has made all the States desire the applica-
j tion of the same principle to them, and I believe
I most of them have agents here, and are insisting
' upon it.
Mr. IVERSON. I will simply state, in reply
to the Senator from Virginia, that sofarfiom the
States having been satisfied, the State of South
Carolina, and I think other States, protested in
wuting at the time the settlements were made.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 dislike to interpose, but I
see that we are introducing into every appropria-
tion bill a loan bill. I should like to know if the
Senator from Georgia would not be satisfied to
strike out that portion of his amendment r It may
be a very good amendment to the appropriation
bill; but if we are to attach to every amendment
a proposition for a loan, I should like to know
how many loan bills are to be passed by this Con-
gress? I do not object to the mode proposed for
settling the accounts, but I greatly prefer to have
the appropriations payable in money.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator can move to
strike out that provision.
Mr. HUNTER 1 hope that will not be done.
It is paying an old war debt, and is not properly
a charge on the next fiscal year.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose that provision is
necessary to carry out the prevailing notions about
finance.
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I wish to say a word
about this proposition; because I think, when the
Senate understand it, there will be no difficulty in
passing it. I think there can be no dispute about
it. I advocated this provision last year, against
the opposition of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance; and I have no sort of disposition to
change my action because it turns out that the
State of Virginia is so largely interested as she is.
I do not mean to say that that affects his action,
because everybody knows that he is not influ-
enced in that way. I mean simply to say, in re-
gard to myself, that Virginia has a large claim
under this provision, much larger than it was
supposed any State could have; but that does not
affect my action, or induce me to change my vote.
I have no doubt, from the honorable Senator's
well-known habit of looking out for the Treasury,
that if Virginia would let him alone he would
vote against the amendment, although his State
will be so much benefited by it.
But, sir, the principle of settlement proposed is
a very simple one, and a perfectly honest one. In
settling these claims the Government officers have
heretofore acted on the principle of applying par-
tial payments to the discharge of the principal
and letting the interest accumulate. It is no ques-
tion about paying interest; that is settled. This
class of claims always carry interest, and it is
always allowed. The Government let the inter-
est run on until it got to be as large as the prin-
cipal. They then paid a certain amount; but in-
stead of applying that amount to the interest
which was due, they applied it to the principal,
and let the interest stand, which did not carry in-
terest; that is to say, they paid the principal be-
fore the interest. They did worse than that in
many cases, as I understand; when they came to
settle up fairly they charged interest on the pay-
ment of the principal up to the time of the settle-
ment, and allowed no interest on the interest
existing. Thus they made the payment of the
principal eat up the interest.
This mode of settlement was grossly unjust,
and as great an outrage as anything could be. It
was contrary to the mode in which interest is com-
puted between individual and individual. Mary-
land applied for a recomputation; and Congress
passed a law to allow it. All that is now asked
is, to place every other State on the same footing
—there may be some half dozen of them—that
advanced money on the same foundation on which
you placed Maryland, not only to do the thing
equally as between the States, but do the just
thing, and pay money which is absolutely due
without any sort of question.
Mr. SIMMONS. I sjiould like to know,if that
is the principle of computing interest, why the
amendment speaks of States who have either
paid interest or lost interest, and what is the use
of those words ?
Mr, IVERSON. That was the principle ap-
plied to the State of Maryland. Those are the
exact terms of her bill.
Mr. SIMMON'S. Was the principle applied
because Maryland issued stock on which she lost
interest by selling the stock?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the casein other
States.
Mr. SIMMONS. Suppose she did not sell
stocks: is she not entitled to interest?
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is to pary the State
where she was entitled to interest, or lost interest
in any shape or form.
Mr. SIMMONS. Suppose the State had money
in the treasury to pay, and, of course, lost in that
way: is she not as much entitled?
Mr. FESSENDKN. That is only one part.
Mr. SIMMONS. If a State sells stocks, and
loses interest by selling them, she could not, at
the Treasury, get the interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because we havenotbeen
in the habit of paying interest unless they actu-
ally paid it themselves.
Mr. SIMMONS. How is it that we have not*
been m the habit of computing interest in this
form until recently, until the people put on a new
screw to get more interest. That is a modern
notion. 1 say that if there is any interest due to
any State, it is due, whether she paid it or lost
it, because it is a mere computation of interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the Senator
will be satisfied, without extending it any further
than the amendment itself, which is what the
States ask for.
