1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I&$
Mr. SIMMONS. There is no principle, 110
rule, in it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bijzler,
Broderick, Brown, Chesnut, Clark, CoHamer, Doolittle,
Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Harlan, Hunter,
Iveraon, Kennedy, Maliory, Smith, Wilson, and Yulee—
24.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay. Crittenden, Davis, Fitzpatrick,
Hale, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Polk, Pugh, Reid,
Shields, Simmons, Stuart, Ward, and Wnght—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. By the direction of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, I now offer an amend-
ment for certain fortifications. It had been de-
signed to postpone this to a fortification bill, but
indications lead us toapprehend thatweshall have
no opportunity to get the appropriations deemed
necessary for the defense of the Government un-
less we do it at this time; and, therefore, I offer
this amendment as an additional section to the
bill;
Jlnd be it further cnacted. That the following sums be,
and they arc hereby, appropriated, out of any money m the
Trca-ury nototherwisc appropriated, for the following forti-
fications :
Fort at Hog Island Lfdge, $40,000.
Fort Schuyler, East river, New York, $20,000.
Fort Richmond, Staten Island, $15,000.
Foit on site ot Fort Tompkins, and Batteries, Staten
Island, New York, $100,00«).
Fort Carroll, Solier's Point, $50,000.
Fort Delawaie, Delavvaie river, §100,000.
Fort Calhoun, Hampton Roads, Vngima, $100,000.
FortSumpter, Charleston, South Carolina, $25,0i)O.
Fort Clinch, Flonda, $75,000.
Fort Point, California, $50,000.
Fort Alcatraz, §'50,0U0.
Fort Jefferson, 'Portugal, Florida. §95,000.
Fort Taylor, Key West, $75,000.'
For contingent expenses of iortifications and repairs,
$30,000.
Mr. HUNTER. [ will ask the Senator from
Mississippi if these are the estimates of the De-
partment?
Mr. DAVIS. They are in exact accordance
with the estimates. They are generally lower.
Mr. HUNTER. I have generally voted for
fortification bills when we had money m theTreas-
ury; but, in times like these, I think we ought to
suspend these works, and when we get more
money, to proceed more rapidly with their con-
struction. 1 think we have increased this bill a
great deal, and I am unwilling to send it back to
the House with these appropriations. I therefore
will not go for it.
Mr. GVVIN. The amendment is a wonderful
decrease of the estimates. The sums are hardly
enough to keep the works in operation. I think
this the most important provision added to this
bill, outside of the support of the Army.
Mr, HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I just wish to say that I shall
vote against the amendment, because I know
from personal inspection that Fort Games and
Fort Morgan, which defend the passes to Mobile
harbor, require an appropriation certainly as
much as any other forts. I know that the one is
going to dilapidation and destruction rapidly for
the want of necessary repairs, and that the other
has been raised about ten feet above the founda-
tion and covered up and left there. If the work
should not be continued upon them, I do not see
any necessity for continuing work upon the
others.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator's remarks in
relation to Fort Gaines are not quite correct; and
as to Fort Morgan, when forts are tumbling
down, the best way is to let them fall and rebuild
them. We have spent too much on repairs of old
forts to have coniulcncc in them; but 1 think the
completion of FortGaines proper, and if the Sen-
ator will offer an amendment, i will support it.
Mr. CLAY. I do not know what amount to
offer, and if I offer an amount, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance will ask what was the
estimate.
Mr. DAVIS. Offer the estimate for the year.
Mr. CLAY. I will offer the following as an
amendment, to come m just before the last sec-
tion:
For continuing the construction of the works at Fort
Gaines, $50,000.
Mr. HUJNTER. That is the estimate, I un-
derstand.
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not the estimates, but I
understand that is the amount. I will get it for
the Senator.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurred on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am of course in favor
of the amendment offered by my colleague.
Mr. HUNTER. That is agreed to.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. But I am also in favor
of all the appropriations embraced in the amend-
ment. I think they have fallen far short of the
amount which the Secretary of War should have
recommended. Now, sir, it has not been twenty
minutes since we appropriated upwards of a mil-
lion dollars to pay an old debt; yet this is a very
retrenching Congress. I cannot speak from ob-
servation of all the forts embraced in that amend-
ment, but 1 know that those at Mobile are essen-
tial to the safety of the country. We have spent
millions already upon both of those forts, and a
large amount on the fort below the city of Mo-
bile—Fort Gaines—and unless the Government is
resolved to turn loose everything, and it will cost
the Government more in the way of decay, we
had better abandon the entire works throughout
the country. Now I do not think that any por-
tion of our coast, either upon the Atlantic or Pa-
cific, requires the fostering hand of the Govern-
ment more than the Gulf of Mexico, looking to
events occurring there and likely to occur, and
yet there are not more than two or three forts
embraced in that coast.
Mr. POLK. Three on the whole Gulf.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. There are only three
upon the Gulf. Now, sir, when Senators get up
here and talk about economy and retrenchment,
and deliberately vote to pay an old debt of fifty
or sixty years' standing, or longer perhaps, and
then say we will not vote a dollar for repairing
fortifications, I am frank to say it is really aston-
ishing.
Mr. YULEE. No one said so.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. There was a general
buzz about here not to vote for the appropriations;
but yet there are large amounts put in the bills for
other things. It is said that this will endanger
the passage of the bill. My deliberate opinion is
that the amount proposed to be put in by this
amendment will strengthen the bill. But I know
the impatience of the Senate, and as I dislike to
speak to unwilling ears, I shall say no more upon
the subject.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, liayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler,
Broderick, Cher.nut, Clark.Clay. Collamer, Davis-, Doohule,
Douglas, Fcst'onden, Fitch', Fuzputiick, Foot, Fi>->K*r.G\vin,
Kennedy, Lane, Mallorv, Simmons, Smith, Waul, Wilson,
Wright, and Yulee—28.
NAYS—Messrs. (.'nttenden. Hale, Hamlin, ITailan, Hun-
ter, Jo!-m«on of Tenness-ee, Jones, Polk, Pugh, Real,
Shie'ds, and Stuart—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I offer an amendment somewhat
similar to the one I offered some time since, which
vtill obviate some of the difficulties then suggested.
I will lead it:
That from and after the 1st day of January next, the
inihtriiy peace estabh.-hment ot the United States shall be
composed of fifteen regiments with such officers of engi-
neer, of ordnance, and of staff as now exi^t, and aie pro-
vided by law.
I put it at the 1st of January, so that it shall
not go into operation until the next meeting of
Congress. Any alterations that may be neces-
sary may be then submitted by the Department. I
simply ask for the y^as and nays upon it.
Mr. HUNTER, Will the Senator from New
Hampshire insist upon offering these amend-
ments? \Vc have justvoted a similar onedown.
Mr. HALE. This is very different from that.
Mr. HUNTER. We all desire to close the
bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I hold another amendment in
my hand, winch would have buen offered by the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] but he was
obliged to leave a little while ago; and he asked
me if the bill was about to pass, to offer this
amendment for him:
And he it further enacted, That the second section of the
act of June 17, 1850, entitled '• An «ct to mciease the rank
and file of the Army, and to eueuuiage enlistments," be,
and the same is hereby, icpealttd.
The amendment was rejected.
! Mr. HALE, I hare one other amendment to
■ offer. I suppose it will be voted down. I should
j like to have the yeas and nays on it:
: That no allowance for servants or horses shall hereafter
; be made, either in kind or in commutation, unless such
j servants and horses shall have been mustered and inspected
I at such times and in such manner as the President may
j direct.
That is simply providing that we shall not be
cheated with our eyes open. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no necessity for taking
the yeas and nays. That provision is in the biu
i which we passed the other day. I suppose no-
body objects to putting it on the bill.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the call.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
■ ed, and the amendments were concurred in,and
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
! third time. It was read the third time,
i Mr. HALE. I desire to record my vote against
I the bill. I should like to have the yeas and nays
j on its passage.
| The yeas and nays were ordered.
S Mr. PUGH. I only desire to say that the
1 amendments of the Senate to this bill are an apt
! commentary on the retrenchment that has been
i preached here from the beginning of the session.
| in my judgment, they exceed in extravagance the
1 amendments of the Senate to any appropriation
, bill that has passed since I have been a member
; of the Senate.
; Mr. FITCH. I was requested by the Senator
! from Texas [Mr. Houston] to state, when his
: name was called, which I have omitted to do pre-
! viously, that he was compelled to leave the Cham-
; bcr m consequence of illness.
I The question being taken by yeas and nays,
' resulted—yeas 25, nays 15; as follows:
i YEAS—Messra. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler,
! Brodeuck, Brown, Chesnut, Davis, Douglas, Fitch, Fitz-
patrick, Gwin, Hunter, Iversnn, Jones, Kennedy, Lane,
Maliory, Sebastian, Smith, Stuart, Ward, Wright, and Yu-
lee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Clav, CoUani^r, Doolittle, Fes-
penden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Haiian, Johnson of
Tennessee, Polk, Pugh, lieid, and Simmons—15.
| So the bill was passed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
j A message from the House of Representatives
| by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
i House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 872) making
' appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1860; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
1 ate was requested.
j On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
\ mtttee on Finance.
I ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
■ had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
, ident:
; An act (H. R. No. 803) to amend an act en-
titled "Ail act authorizing repayment for land
erroneously sold by the United States;"
An act (H. R. No. 303) giving the assent of
Congress to a law of the Missouri Legislature for
the application of the reserved two per cent, fund
of said State;
An act (H. R. No. 457) for the relief of Ken-
! nedy O'Brien; and
i An act (II. R. No. 664) making appropriations
for the cuircnt and contingent expenses of the
i Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
' lations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1360.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was recommitted the memorial of
: T no mas Watts, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
I Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of C. L.
Flint and Phares Gould, praying the passage of
an act to authorize the enrollment and license of
! the brig Cumberland.
j SHIP HENRIETTA MARIA.
1 Mr. MALLORY submitted the following res-
