1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1407
policy of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs is, in
part, to abandon some of these reserves. It is
found that they do not work well in California,
as some of them in Oregon have done.
Mr. LETCHER. And the result is to be, that
from the reservations now established, the officers
are to be transferred to the points proposed for
new reserves. Is that it?
Mr. GREENWOOD. Not at all. The object
of the amendment recommended by the committee
of conference, is simply to prevent the employ-
ment of any agents, sub-agents, or overseers, on
these reserves.
Mr. McGtUEEISr. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman, what is the number of employes on
the reservations now existing in California? I
ask the question with this view: I have seen, from
the report of an agent, sent by the Secretary of
the Interior to these very reserves in California,
that there were, last year, seventeen overseers or
employes to keep forty Indians at work. These
employes receive $17,000 a year as salary; and
the result of the labor of the Indians was, on one
reserve, a garden patch with luxuriant weeds and
squash vines, and some rye or barley, that was
not worth half the amount paid to the agent on
that particular reserve.
Mr. SCOTT I wish to make a statement in
reply to the gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I rise to a question of
order. Is it in order to interrupt a member making
a report? I would like to have the report made
in such a way that we can all understand it.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I should be very happy
to have the gentleman from California allowed to
make a statement in regard to these reserves.
Mr. SCOTT. ' I merely wish, if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania does not object, to give the
gentleman from South Carolina a piece of inform-
ation in regard to the reservation system in Cali-
fornia.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I have no objection; but
I observe that this is going to lead to a very
lengthy discussion. I want to hear a connected
report from the chairman of the committee of
conference.
Mr. SCOTT. Does the gentleman object?
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would simply state
that the system of reservation, as designed under
this Administration, is, as I understand it, wholiy
different from the present system in operation in
California. It has been found impracticable to
remove the Indians from their old haunts, and
keep them on the reserves now established by
law. It is thought best to authorize the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, with the consent of
the Secretary of the Intetior, to increase the num-
ber of reservations, so as to keep the Indiana in
the sections of country where they have been ac-
customed to live. This is to be done, however,
without any additional expense to the .Govern-
ment.
The committee has agreed to recommend the
House to recede from its disagreement to the
fourteenth amendment of the Senate, which is as
follows:
" Sec. 5. Jlnd be U further enacted, That the Presidentof
the United States be,"and lie hereby is, authorized and re-
quired to set apart the tract or tracts of land aforesaid as a
reseivation for the confederated bands of Pimas and Mari-
copas."
With the following proviso:
Prodded, That the said reseivation shall not exceed one
hundred square miles m extent.
The House will recollectthat these Indians have
upon all occasions acted as the allies of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. They were our allies
in 1846, during our Mexican troubles. They are
settled upon the Gila river. They occupy a section
of country from ten to fifteen miles m length, and
from four to live imles m width. The services of
these Indians have been of such importance that
our officers have been induced to make promises
to them which ought, in good faith, to be carried
out. They have, upon various occasions, when
property has been stolen by the Navajoes^om
our emigrants, sent out detachments for the pur-
pose of recovering the property, and restoring it
to our citizens without any cost whatever. They
keep three or four hundred warriors always in
service against these hostile bands. _ The com-
mittee were of opinion that some section of coun-
try should be marked out as their locality. They
thought it best, however, to festriet them to a sec-
tion of country not exceeding one hundred square
miles. It is necessary to make some metes and
bounds,for which purpose $1,000 is appropriated;
and $1,000 is appropriated in order to carry out
the promises of the Government, and make suit-
able presents to the tribe for their fidelity to-
wards the Government, as exhibited on various
occasions.
The committee recommend that the Senate
agree to the amendment of the House to the six-
teenth amendment of the Senate, which is simply
to insert the words " treaty of." That merely
corrects a clerical error in the original bill.
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from their disagreement to the eighteenth |
amendment of the Senate with an amendment.
The eighteenth amendment of the Senate is as
follows:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That so ranch of the
act entitled "An act to regulate trade and intercourse with
the Indian tubes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers,'5
approved June 30. 1834, as provides that the United States
shall make indemnification out of the Treasury for property
taken oi destroyed in certain cases, either by the Indians, or
by white men trespassing on the Indians, as described m said
act, be, and the same is hereby, repealed : Provided, how-
ever, Thatnothing herein contained shall be so construed as
to impair or destroy the obligation of the Indians to make
indemnification out ot the annuities as prescribed in said
aet: And provided further, That the President of the United
States may, at his discretion, indemnity the Indians out of
the Treasury for losses in cases where the said act required
them to be paid out of the Treasury.
The committee of conference propose to agree
to that amendment with an amendment. Under
the present law, persons who have seen proper to
cross the plains for the purposes of trade, have
regarded the Government as a great insurance
office, and that the Government is hound to in-
sure their property against Indian depredations.
While we would not affect any rights which have
accrued heretofore, we thought it light so to mod-
ify the seventeenth section of the act of 1834, as
to notify citizens of the United States, whose
property may hereafter be trespassed upon by
Indians, that they shall not be entitled to recover
the value of the property so lost, unless they do
it from the annuities that may be due to the In-
dians from the Government; without, however,
requiring the President to draw money from the
Treasury to pay to Indians whatever amount of
property may have been lost m consequence of
depredations committed by whites. The com-
mittee thought that, peihaps, the discretion was
too large; and, therefore, they recommended that
the House shall strike out the second proviso,
which is as follows:
"And provided jarther, That the Presidentof the (Jnited
States may at his discienon, indemnify the Indian^ out of
the Tteasuiy fen losses m cases where tiie said aet required
them to be paid out of the Treasuiy."
Mt\ HOUSTON. I understand, then, that the
committee of conference propose to agree to the
amendment of the Senate without the last pro-
viso.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. I'think that is right.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The committee also pro-
pose to amend the amendment of the Senate, by
striking out the words " either by the Indians or
by white men trespassing on the Indians," and
inserting in lieu thereof the words, 44 by Indians
trespassing on white men."
The committee recommend that the Senate re-
cede from its second, eighth, ninth, twelfth, and
nineteenth amendments, which are as follows:
Second amendment:
For redemption of the pimeipal sum of said five per cent. !
stock held in tiust a* aforesaid, $-2,hi)0, to be inve^ed by .
the Secretary of the Interior in ihe stock of the United !
States, in lieu of said live per cent, stocks: Provided, That
the said Indiana five per cent, stocks ^hall be surrendered by
the Secretaiy of the interior to the Secretary of the Tieas-
iii v, who shall be required to correspond with the Execu-
tive oi Indiana for the purpose of effecting an arrangement i
relative to the amount due on caid btock, and report pro- !
«ne s to next Congress. I
Eighth amendment: !
Tor the general incidental expenses of the Indian service 1
in the Terntorv of Utah, or so much thereof as may be re- i
quired for expenditure duttng the year ending the 30th of '
June, IS08, .^.">6.599 91 : Prowled. ho-ic-.er, That no part of '
this bum shall paid until the Commissioner of Indian Af-
latts>hali have fir^t audited and passed the several ae- j
count*. 1
Ninth amendment: :
For decaying the expenses of the several expeditions i
against Ink-pa-du-tah's band, and m the search, ransom, j
and recoveiy of the female captives taken by said band, in i.
1657, $3,114 91, in addition to the sum of §20,000 appropri-
ated by the aet of June 14,1858.
Twelfth amendment:
Sec. 3 And be U farther enacted, That from and after
the aOthdayof June next, the fifth section of the act estab-
lishing the Department of the Interior, appioved March 3,
1649, be, and tue saine is hereby, repealed, and that the Of-
fice of Indian Affairs be theu retransferred to,'and made
partofj the Department of War, with all the books, records,
papers, and business pertaining to Indian affairs, then in
possession of or pending before the Department of the In-
terior; and the Socreuuy of War shall, from and after the
30th davof June next,be, and he is hereby, reinvested with
and shall exercise all the supervisory, appellate, and other
powers and dunes in relation to Indian affairs which are
pi escribed by the act entitled'• An act to provide for the
appointment of a Commissioner ot Indian Affairs, and for
other purposes," approved July 9, 1830: Provided, That
where a difference of opinion shall arise betwetn the Sec-
retary of War and the Secretary ot the Interior upon any
! point touching any Indian reservation, the question shall
; be referred to the President, and Ins decision shall be final.
Nineteenth amendment:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affans is hereby authorized to make such
agreements, and enter into such arrangements, as he may
deem necessary and expedient, with any tribe or band of
Indians lor their location upon reservations, or touching
the management of their tribal alians, the application of
their property and annuities to purposes of civilization and
education, which, when approved by the President, shall
be valid and binding: Provided, however, That no such
agreement shall be oi auy etfect when it involves any ad-
ditional expenditure of money on the pait of the United
States, beyond what is required under treaty stipulations
or hv an act of Congress, until the same shall have been
first submitted to and leceived the approval of the Senate
of the United States,.
The House receded from its disagreement to
the fifth amendment of the Senate, and agreed to
it as follows:
In tlie following paragraph, strike out the words "and
for the establishment of the reserve west of the Pecos
river."
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and furnish-
ing agricultural implements and stock for the Indians in
Tcxa^, and for the establishment of th-e reserve west of the
Pecos river, $2o,OO0.
Mr. REAGAN. There was evidently a mis-
take in the understanding of the facts upon which
this Senate amendment was adopted. In order
that an opportunity may hereafter be given to
have justicc done us in our State, I desire to state
that, at the last session of Congress, the following
clauses were inserted and passed in the Indian ap-
propriation bill:
" For the compensation of three special agents and three
interpreter-"? for the Indian tribes ofTexas, and for purchase
of presents, $15,000.
i- For expens.es of colonizing, supporting, and furnishing
agricultural implements and stock for the Indians in Texas,
$50,000; and the Secretary of the Intenor is hereby author-
ized to accept and survey the Indian reservation designated
by an act ot tlie Legislature of the State oi Texas, approved
February 4,18.56, to appoint an Indian agent for sard reser-
vation."
An appropriation was made for the support of
the Indian agent, and for carrying out the general
purposes of the appropriations in the appropria-
tion bill as it passed this House. But the Senate
leave the appropriation in the bill, but provide
that it shall not be spent for the purposes of this
reservation.
In this connection I desire to call the attention
of the House to the fact that this reservation is
two hundred miles west of the other reservations
in Texas, and in a portion of country peculiarly
in need of it. Yet, sir, the Senate and the con-
ference committee have seen lit to deprive us of
the benefit of it, while you have given to Califor-
nia, with less than half the Indian territory of
Texas, seventeen reservations. They have de*
nied to us the three reservations, while they have
given to California more than five times the num-
ber which we have asked. The House will thus
see that in this instance, as in many others, the
interests of Texas have been sacrificed. I have
thought it proper to state these facts here, because,
when the miscellaneous •bill is under considera-
tion, I shall endeavor to have a provision incor-
porated in it to correct this wrong which has been
done to my State.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The gentleman from
Texas has entirely mistaken the action of the
committee of conference. They have not only
not ^ranted no additional reservations to Cali-
fornia, but they have, by a restriction incorpo-
rated into the bill, prohibited the employment of
any agent in California whatever.
Mr. REAGAN. What I said was, that seven-
teen reservations had been given to California.
Mr. GREENWOOD. There was, last year,
