1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
328
njore—than the Minister to England received im-
mediately afterwaids, under the law of 1855.
I do not mean to detain the Senate; but I have
one word to say m reply to what fell from the
honorable Senator from Illinois. This bill is not
increasing a salary retrospectively—at least that
was the judgment of the committee—bat it is
doing now what the legislation of 1856 conceded
had been omitted to be done in 1855, when the one
salary was raised und the other was not. It is
only doing now what the law of 1856 conceded
was an omission then, by putting these two sala-
ries on the same footing. Everybody who lias
been to Europe—I have not been there, but I have
heard it from various sources, not in reference at
all to the provisions of this bill, but as a part of
the general history of the country—knows that
for several years past all the political relations
of Europe, the political correspondence of Europe,
and the political center of Europe, have been at
Paris, and not London; and the result of it has
been to throw upon the Minister to France those
increased and increasing expenses which hereto-
fore have devolved chieflyon the Minister to Lon-
don. The salaries remain unaffected by this bill.
Congress, repairing what it must have considered
an omission, placed the two salaries on the same
footing in 1856, and this is only to equalize them
in ttie intermediate period between July, 1855, and
January, 1857. The whole expenditure under it
will be $3,750.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only principle upon
which the Senator from Virginia puts this bill is,
that because the Congress of the United States
thought proper to make these salaries equal in
1857, that is an admission that they ought to have
been made equal in 1855. If that is so, docs it
not apply to every other office-holder in this coun-
try who holds an office the salaiy of which has
been increased? There is a bill now pending here
to equalize the salaries of the judges in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; to give to one of those judges,
whose salary is now less than that of the others,
the same that the others receive. If that bill passes,
shall a bill be brought in at the next session to
pay him the difference between what he has here-
tofore received and what the other judges have
received ? There are hundreds of instances in the
legislation of Congress where salaries of particu-
lar officers have been raised to correspond with
those given to other officers. But, after such laws
are passed, is that an admission by Congres that
it was wrong before that time that the salaries
should be different? That is all the principle theie
is in this application. I deny that it is any ad-
mission by Congress that the Minister to France
should have received, prior to the date of the pas-
sage of the act, the same salary as was received by
the Minister at London. The Congress of 1855
thought differently. The principle on which the
bill is based is wrong to my mind; and I do not
mean at any tune to go back to increase the sal-
aries of officers for services performed when they
knew what the salary was when they took the
office.
Mr. MASON, i hope the question will be
taken.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 call for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGHL It seems to me that the Senate
cannot sufficiently deplore thevery hard condition
of those gentlemen who are sent abroad. They
are torn from their families and their country
against their will,and sen toff at very inadequate
compensation ! It really does not seem that from
year to year our ingenuity and our wit are taxed
to increase the amount of their compensation !
This gentleman was forced from his country at
$9,000 a. year and fO,000 outfit; and after suffering
in tribulation for two or three years, Congress
raised his salary up to $15,000 a j%ar, and after-
wards to nearly eighteen thousand dollars a year;
and we are to compassionate his hard case by
giving him eighteen months of back rations!
I cannot see a particle of merit in tins case; and,
for one, i hope the attention oT Senators, at least,
is called to the proposition. Sir, I do hope, m
consideration of the great injury inflicted upon
this gentleman, and upon many other gentlemen
who are stent abioad against their will, thrust into
these offices, and compelled to undergo so much
hardship at such an inadequate ^compensation,
that ttie committee will ease the tax-payer and
ease the appointee by bringing in a bill to abolish
both this mission and the mission to Great Brit-
ain. I have no doubt i£ would be a great benefit
to the country at large.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I must beg leave to add to
what has been said, that there have been a num-
ber of applications like this within the last two or
three years on behalf of individuals who were
holding offices when the old bill, the bill w/hich we
passed two or thr& years ago, went into effect.
If this bill be passed, I have no doubt we shall
be pressed with probably hundreds of cases of
the kind. Unless, therefore, gentlemen have
made up their minds on principle to go back and
make advances to all these different men who
have held offices where we have already raised
the salaries, I think it had better rest where it
does. I know of several cases that were pressed
on last Congress, which had just about the same
merit as this, and that is none at all. They say
they ought to have the same salai y now provided.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The hour for the consideration of
the special order has arrived, and it must be
taken up.
Mr. HALE, and others. Let us have a vote
on this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
further debate, and such is the pleasure of the
Senate, the yeas and nays will be called. ["Yes,
yes."]
Mr. MASON. I wish to say a word ki reply
to the Senator from North Carolina.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will require
unanimous consent. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. MASON. I do not object to the bill going
over, but I want to make a reply to the Senator
from North Carolina. [" Go on "] I have only
to say that there was no salary changed—I mean
none of the diplomatic salaries changed—by the
law of 1856, exceptso far as to equalize the sala-
ries of the missions to England and France.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I allude to the bill com-
monly called Perkins's bill. They have grownup
under that. That was a bill increasing the com-
pensation in many of these cases, and the appli-
cations made during the last session were resisted
in the other House expressly on the ground that
we did not want to open the door. With refer-
ence to the particular act to which the Senator al-
ludes, I intended to say nothing, and referred to
the general law increasing the compensation of
our diplomatic agents.
Mr. MASON. That act does not affect the
proposition in the slightest degree, as the Senator
stated it. He said that application had been made
to increase the salaries of other foreign ministers.
That may be; but 1 have no information about
any such proposition.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I alluded to the increase
of the salaries at England, France, and all those
cases where they were increased by the general
act, passed in 1855. The applications have grown
up under that act. With reference to the amend-
ment made in 1856, I do not know that any of
them rest on that particularly; but the general
principle is, as I have stated, that salaries were
increased in 1855, and that individuals who were
getting less than is now allowed to the offices they
held, have been already making applications—m
several instances to my knowledge—for an in-
crease equal to what they would have drawn if
the law of 1855 had been passed before they came
into office.
Mr. MASON. I know nothing about appli-
cations that have been made. The Senator may
allege that upon his own information, but I know
nothing about it. Mr. Perkins's bill, as it was
called, was the general law of 1855, by which all
the salaries of all the missions abroad, according
to my recollection, certainly of very nearly all,
were increased, and a scale was adopted. The
lowest was $12,000; the next was §15,000, and
the onlv one put at $17,500 was that of the Min-
ister to'England. That was the Pcikins's bill, of
1855, to which the Senator refers Now, I am
not aware of any proposition before Congress to
change the salaries.
Mi CLINGMAN. Mr President 
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will allow
me to finish; I have yielded to him twicc. I am
not aware of any proposition before Congress to
change the salaries, as they were fixed by the hit!
which the Senator calls the Perkins's bill. The
highest was $17,500, and the only one who had
that salary under that bill was the Minister to
England. The next grade was $15,000, and the
lowest $12,000. Then, I say, that in 1856, the
next year after that law was passed, Congress be-
came satisfied that, although the rest was eqaita-
ble and just in the grade, injustice had been done
to the mission to France, and that single one was
equalized to the salary of the Minister to England
■—$17,500. That bill which gave to the Minister
to England $17,500, by the difference of $9,500,
placed it in his power to incur the necessary ex-
penses of the legation which were taken away
from the mission to France. This bill is only to
equalize it during that period. I am sorry to de-
tain the Senate. I think it is justand right.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am singularly unfortu-
nate in making myself'understood by the Sena-
tor. 1 did not intend to argue that there was a
proposition to increase these salaries; but I said
individuals who had been holding office at the
time the Perkins's bill became a law, and those
who had been in office previously, have made ap-
plication for an increase of their pay, dating back
to the time when they took office, upon the ground
that those who were to come in after them, or
those who held on from that time, would get more
salaries than they had previously done; and this
rests upon the same principle, m my judgment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 9, nays 38;
as follows:
YE VS—Messrs Bright, Cuttenden. Ivmon, Jones, Ken-
nedy. Mason, Sew.ird, Stuart, and Wright—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Boil, Brodenek, Brown, Cam-
eton, Chandler, Chirk, Clay, Ohngman, Cofbimer, I^avis,
Dixon, Doohtlle, Douglas Fesscnden, Fitch, Fitzpatriek,
Foot, Foster, Gteen. Gww, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Hous-
ton, Johnson ol Tennessee. King, I'earce, Pugh, Reid, Rice,
Sebaetian, Simmons, Toombs, Tmmbull, Wade, Ward, and
Yulee—36.
So the bill was rejected.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 65) to authorize the President of the
United States to contract for the transportation
of the mail% troops?, seamen, munitions of war,
Army and Navy supplies, and all other Govern-
ment service, by railroad, from the Missouri river
to San Francisco, in the State of California, the
pending question being on the amendmentoffered
by Mr. Doolittle to the motion of Mr. Iverson,
to insert the words "acential" after the woid
northern" and befoie the words " and south-
ern," so that it will read:
Resolved, That the bill (8. No 6">) to authorize the Pre*-
ldentofthe United States to contract foi the transportation
of the m-nls, troops, seamen, munitions of war, Army and
Navy supplies, and all other Government .service, b> iml-
roail, fiom the Mis-sonri river to San Fianeisco, in the Statu
ot California, be committed to a solect committee of nine
membeis, with instructions to prepare and report a hill pro-
viding lot the confirm uou ot <t northern, a central, and a
southern Pacific rathnnd, and that the special committed
havmjr chat etc ot thin subject at the last session he revived,
and lie chatgcd with the whole subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon my amendment, I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wiil state the effect of
the amendment as I understand it. While the bill
reported by the committee was pending before
the Senate, the honorable Senator from Georgia
moved to recommit it, with instructions to report
routes#for two railroads, one to be denominated
a northern and one a southern route, excluding
altogether any such thing as a central line of rail-
road. My amendment to his proposition is, to
insert the words " a central." If the motion of
the honorable Senator from Georgia prevails,
there will be a proposition for a northern ioiue
and a southern route, but none for the building
of a central railroad loute. I move to amend his
proposition so as to insert a cential line.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to make a remark in
explanation of the principle which will guide my
vote. 1 shall vote for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, to insert the word "cen-
tral," so as to provide for a central route; but I
shall vote against the motion to recomrfut, wheth-
er that amendment prevails or not
