326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Mr. HALE. I do not know that I understand
the merits of all these various propositions; but,
if I do, I shall vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin, I understand the ori-
ginal motion is to recommit the bill, with instruc-
tions to build: a northern, and a southern road.
That is the first one.
Mr. IVERSON. Not exactly that. It is not
to instruct them to build it; but to instruct them
to bring in a bill proposing to build it.
Mr. HALE. Exactly. I thank the Senator for
his correction. This, then, is a proposition to
instruct the committee to bring in a bill for a
northern and a southern route, looking prospect-
ively to a dissolution of the Union, so that the
South and the North shall each have a railroad
tothe Pacific. The amendment of my friend from
Wisconsin, I suppose, is to put m a centra! route,
so that if there are a few who stick to the old Con-
stitution, who do not go off with either of these
extremists—for I am opposed to all extremists,
north and south—they may have a conservative,
national road, a middle ground, what the classics
would call tutissimo medio. 1 am m favor of this
amendment, so that all interests will be consulted
and conciliated by this proposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bright, Brodcrick, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Oollamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolutle,
Douglas, Durkee, Fessemlen, Fitch, Foot, Foter, Gtecn,
Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan,.Tones,Kennedy, Folk, Pugh,
Kice, Sebastian, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Toombs, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Brown, Chestnut, Clay, Clingman,
Fitzpatrick, Hammond, Houston, lvcison, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Mason, Pearce, Reid, and Waid—14.
So the amendment of Mr. Doolittle was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion to recommit, as amended.
Mr. BROWN. I shall vote for the proposition
to recommit; but in doing so, I desire to protest
that I do not commit myself to the instructions.
I shall vote for the proposition to recommit so as
to get clear of this question, and get it out of the
Senate. I think, if we got it before this commit-
tee, they will consume the rest of the session in
considering it, and we may do something else.
I want to get clear of it, and I say now that I do
not commit myself to the instructions; and I give
notice that when they bring in the bill that they
are instructed to bring in, 1 shall vote against it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Woulditbein order to move
further to amend the instructions?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They can still
be amended.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move to strike out the
northern and southern routes, so as to instruct
the committee to bring in a bill for a central route
only., f" Oh, no."] Well, I submit no motion.
Mr. PUGII. Is it m order to ask for a division
of the motion, so as to have the question first on
recommitment, and then upon the instructions?
I ask for a separate vote on the instructions. Let
the question first come on recommitting the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that, under our rules, the purpose of the
Senator from Ohio cannot be attained.
Mr. PUGH. Cannot a motion to recommit
with instructions be divided? The instructions
can be left off.
Mr. STUART. I think the practice always
has been that a motion to recommit with instruc-
tions is divisible. The Senate may be disposed
to recommit the bill, and yet may not be disposed
to recommit it with instructions, it is a divisible
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Ohio state his point again ?
Mr. PUGH. I ask simply that the question
may be divided; so that the Senate can first vote
on the recommitment, and if the Senate refuse to
recommit, of course that is an end of it; but if
they do agree to commit the bill, then let us vote
on the instructions. I propose simply to divide
the question in that way. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. T^e question
is divisible. The Chair did not understand the
suggestion of the Senator from Ohio. The first
question, then, will be whether the Senate wiil
recommit the bill?
Mr. GREEN. I call for the yeas and nays on
that proposition, because I think that if it be the
disposition of the Senate to reVommit the bill nb'w>
it is a final death-blow to the measure at this ses-
sion. Some decisive action ought to be had; time
enough has been consumed already; and while I
am well satisfied that a large majority of the Sen-
ators present are in favor of a road, yet thus far
it has been found almost impossible to harmonize
as to its location or the mfkns of its construction.
It seems to me, as there is but one single difficult
matter to settle, that it would be best to keep the
bill in the possession of the Senate, and proceed to
vote on the amendments. Let the measure be pre-
sented in various shapes; there are propositions
now pending favorable to different locations; all
of them may be voted on; and whenever a ma-
jority of the Senate concur on any of them, then
I believe the bill may be passed. Asa friend to
the bill, as a friend of the leading proposition, I
much prefer that it should not be recommitted.
In the same connection it may be proper for me
to state thatas a means of harmonizing Senators,
who have entertained such variant views with re-
gard to the locality of the road, I have prepared
an amendment which I design to offer, and I will
read it simply to give notice that when the propo-
sitions now pending shall be disposed of, and it
shall be in order to move a further amendment, I
shall desire the Senate to vote upon this. I propose
to leave the language of the bill in the first section
as it now is, with a slight change. It now pro-
poses to locate the eastern terminus of the road
between the mouth of the Big Sioux and the
mouth of the Kansas rivers. I propose to strike
that out, and then to insert these words, as an
addition to the first section of the bill:
The eastern terminus of which shall be at the most con-
venient and eligible point on the wesiein bounduiy of the
State of Missouri.
Mr. JONES. That is modest.
Mr. GREEN. That is very modest; and I in-
tend to show thatgood reasons exist why it ought
to be adopted;that the interestof the whole Union
is at stake; that, if we can make but one road,
that is the point at which the central road ought
to terminate; and, though it may look selfish in
a Missouri representative to name it, still, as
other Senators have not seen proper to take the
same view of the subject as yet, wanting their
own localities first to receive a vote, I have no
doubt that, when they shall have discharged that
trust, seeing that they cannot succeed with the
mouth of the Big Sioux, and cannot succeed with
Fulton, and cannot succeed with Fort Smith, and
cannot succeed with the northern point, the ex-
tremes will meet together at the center, and the
State of Missouri will receive the votes of them
all.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow meto
ask him a question? What is the length of the
western boundary of Missouri?
Mr. GREEN. North and south it is from
thirty-six degi ccs and thirty minutes to forty de-
grees and about thirty-six minutes.
Mr. COLLAMER. How many miles ?
Mr. GREEN. I do not know the number of
miles. But what I have stated as my proposed
amendment is not all of the amendment, and in
the rest of it consists the means, I think, of bi ing-
ing together our variant opinions. After what I
have already read,l propose to add these words:
And with two branches, one on the south, commenc-
ing not south of Fulton, in the State of Arkansas, the other
on the north, oommencmg not noith of the mouth of the
Ui<! Sioux, all connecting at the most practicable point not
furthei west than the one bundled and second degree of
west longitude.
There is a space or tract of country through
which the roau must be built, whether on the
northern, southern, or central route, which is al-
most barren—a space of from five hundred to a
thousand miles upon which the way business can
never support a road. It is possible, by accumu-
lating the whole of the Pacific trade upon one
grand trunk, even through a barren country, to
secure business enough to justify the construc-
tion of the road. Under my proposition, upon
the eastern bolder, we not only divide the way
business between three branches, buttho through
business, and it will support the three branches.
' We cannot make three roads. If made, they
j could not support themselves; they would go to
I waste and be lost in the short space of twenty-
j five yeais, or perhaps a much shorter space of
I time than that. One road will answer all the
j wants of,the Government; and, as a Congress of
i the United States', we have no right to look be-
yond the wants of the Government. I know that
this view is thought to be a little too abstract for
practical legislation, and I have been taunted with
regarding the Government as a myth, without
reality and without substance; but still, as long
as 1 regard constitutional obligations, I will be thus
governed in my official conduct.
I have before remarked, and I now repeat, that
this measure requires a consideration of these
questions: is a railroad to the Pacific necessary
for the wants of the Government? is it pioperfor
the wants of the Government? Both of them
must be answered in the affirmative before we
can vote a single dollar to aid in its construction.
Viewing it in this light, under the limited grant
of power contained in the Constitution which we
have swotn to support, I do not think, for my-
self, and 1 submit it with due deference to others,
that three roads can be said to be necessary and
proper for the wants of the Government. Are
tinee roads necessary for the mail service, for the
Army, for the transportation of troops, seamen,
and munitions of war? I apprehend no one will
say that for those purposes three roads are neces-
sary, nor that three are proper, nor that even if
necessary and proper, they would be piacticable
to be kept up and supported.
It thus, then, reduces itself to the simple point,
is one gtand trunk through the barren country
necessary and proper? Although it might be very
necessary, if it would be impracticable to keep it
up, it would not be proper. It might be very im-
portant, and we might therefore say it was neces-
sary to have a speedy mode of communication
between the Atlantic and the Pacific, though it be
a barren waste over which the road must mn. If
it were necessary over that barren waste, and yet
the attending cu cumstances would prevent the
road from bcin<> kept up and made practical in its
effects, it would riot be proper to undertake its con-
struction, because it would not meet the wants of
the Government, and accomplish the desired end.
Hence it would fail to answer the two requisitions
imposed upon us by the Constitution of the United
States—that it must be both necessary and proper.
If all our energies be applied to one road, will it
not be necessary, still more necessary than the
three? That, of course, will be answered in the
affirmative. Will it not then be proper, because
may hot that one giand trunk, though it ruu 
through a barren waste, be kept up? I think it
can be; &nd it is for that purpose, and that alone,
that I shall vote for one grand trunk, running to
San Francisco in the west, and running to the
most central point of the great population and busi-
ness of the east; and to accommodate all sections,
and to make it still more useful to the Govern-
ment, I propose three branches on the east. Per-
haps it may be asked, why propose three branches
on the east, if three roads are not necessary and
proper to the Pacific? 1 answer, these eastern
branches can be keptup,because they run through
a country which will superinduce a way business;
they are therefore proper; they are useful means
to accomplish the wants of the Government,
whereas one that could not be kept up would not
be proper. Is such a proposition to be attributed
to sectionalism, or to locality, because the State
of Missouri is fortunately located in the center of
the Mississippi valley, teeming with her produc-
tions, the incidental benefits of which will be felt
in the growing commerce of the Union? Surely
not.
There is another grand mistake in connection
with the building of this road, so far as the inci-
dental commercial benefits are concerned, and that
is this: it is supposed by some to be a railroad
fiom the Atlantic to the Pacific. It is no such
thing. It is a road that will connect in the vailey
of the Mississippi, with means of communication
that reach to the Atlantic, on the north and on
the south; but the road proposed to be made is
to connect the great valley of the Mississippi with
the coast of the Pacific ocean. •
It has been^objected, however, that if we un-
dertake to locate the eastern terminus, we shall
defeat the whole bill. I have left margin enough
to accommodate the views of gentlemen. If it
comes anywhere within the limits I have named,
although I would prefer designating the exact
spot, although I would prefei sticking an exact
