I#)8
Tm-mmm
February 26.
an appropriation of $50,000 made -for this Texas
reservation, and the -committee of conference
thought that it would be better not to make further
appropriations for this particular locality, until it
was ascertained how the system was working
there.
Mr. BRY4N. The gentleman says $50,000
was appropriated last year for the establishment
of these reservations in Texas. The gentleman
is mistaken. These reservations had been estab-
lished several years anterior to last year. The
$50,000 appropriated last year was simply for the
support of these reservations.
Mr. GREENWOOD. As a matter of course,
I designed to say, for the support of these lo-
cations. We thought it would be well enough to
ascertain the working of the system, before the
Government went into further appropriations for
that purpose.
Mr. BRYAN. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Arkansas that the amount the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in Texas asked for was
$80,000, for the support of the Indian reservations
in Texas, and for carrying out the law by which
they were established. The Committee of Ways
and Means cut that appropriation down one half.
It was thought by them, that with that appropri-
ation, these reservations might be supported. We
thought that was insufficient, but in consideration
of the present financial condition of the country,
"we were willing to economize.
Mr. PURVTANCE. I interrupted the gentle-
man from California, because I objected to this
irregular discussion, and I am reluctantly com-
pelled to interrupt the gentleman from Texas. I
nope we shall go on in order.
Mr. GREEN WOOD. I am very willing that
the gentleman from Texas shall make his expla-
nation.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I object.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to inquire what has be-
come of the amendment of the Senate in relation
to the Indian intercourse act?
Mr. GREENWOOD. It has been concurred
in with an amendment. I have passed that m my
explanation.
1 will simply say further to the gentleman from
Texas, that the appropriation for the Pecos res-
ervation still remains for the purpose of purchas-
ing agricultural implements, &c. The House re-
cede from its disagreement to, and concur in, the
following amendments of the Senate:
Sixth amendment:
Page 36, at the end of line eight hundred and fifty, add
the lollow nig pioviso:
Proviilcd, Thai no part of the panic shall he expended
for the establishment of the reserve west of the Pecos river
Tenth amendment:
For carrying into effect the twenty-fourth suction of the
civil and diplomatic act of March 3, 1855, the sum of
$19,045 79.
Thirteenth amendment:
Sec. 4. .And he it further enacted. That the President of
the United States be, and he hereby i , authorized .uui le-
quired to cause to be smveyod, aiul th*- boundanes thereof
permanently marked, the tract or uact«< o( land lung on or
near the Gila rivei, in the tciriiory o( Arizona, New Mex
ico, now occupied by the confederated band* of Pim.i and
Maricopa Indians; and the sumoi"$i,U00 is hereby appio-
priated to defiay the expenses ot said suivey.
Fifteenth amendment:
Sec. 6. JUnd be it further enactcd, That the sum of
§10,01)0 is hereby apprnpitutcd to enable ihe Commissioner
of Indian Allans to make suitable pie^ent-. to the Puna* and
Maricopa*, in acknowledgment of their loyalty to this Gov-
ernment, and the- many kindnesses heretofore rendered by
tiiem to oui citizens'.
Seventeenth amendment:
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the Commis-
sioner of Indian Allaire, under tin* direction of the Secretary
of the Intel lor, is heieby auihoussed and dueeted toprepaie
rules and i emulations lor the governmentol'the Indian ser-
vice, and tor trade ami intercourse uith the Indian tube*,
and the regulation of then f^fan>; arid, when appioved by
the President, ihall be^ubnnued to the Congress ot the Uni-
ted States for its approval: Provided, That such laws, i tiles,
and regulations proposed, shall not be in force until enacted
by Congress.
This last amendment is harmless in itself. It
simply provides that rules and regulations shall
be drawn up and submitted to Congress for its
adoption. It is very evident that the intercourse
act of 1834 is behind the age, and some amend-
ment is absolutely necessary. The rules and regu-
lations that this commission draw up will be of
no force until they have passed (he ordeal of the
law-making power.
Mr. Speaker, I will remark that the Senate in-
creased the appropriations of this bill $174,000;
and the bill, as it comes from th'e committee of
conference, increases the appropriations as they
went first from the House, only $30,045. I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. That intercourse
act ought not to be repealed. . The bill ought to
be voted down, rather than any repeal should be
agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD. This only provides for
a modification of that act.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BLAIR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The report was adopted.
Mr. GREENWOOD moved to reconsider the
vq^e by which the report was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. A resolution was adopted, some daysago,
and referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, to inquire whethet any further legislation
is necessary to more effectually protect military
reservations of the United States from trespasses,
with permission to report at any time. I am
instructed to report a bill to protect the timber
growing upon the lands of the United States re-
served for military and other purposes.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It provides that, if any person or persons shall
unlawfully cut, or aid, assist, or be employed in
unlawfully cutting, or shall wantonly destroy, or
procure to be wantonly destroyed, any timber
standing, growing, or being upon any lands of
the United Slates, which, in pursuance of any
law passed, or hereafter to be passed, have been,
or shall be reserved, or purchased by the United
States for military or other purposes, every such
person or persons so offending, on conviction
thereof before a court having competent jurisdic-
tion, shall, for every such offense, pay a fine not
exceeding $500, and shall be imprisoned not ex-
ceeding twelve months.
The bill was oidered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed it was accord-
ingly read the ihtrd time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
P. S. DUVAL.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am instructed by the special
committee to inquire into the account and con-
duct of the late Superintendent of Public Printing,
to make a report in the case of P. S, Duval, ac-
companied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That a copv of this report be certified to the
United States district attorney for the District of Columbia,
for Mich action in the premises as the circumstances m his
opinion icquire.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that a privileged ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The committee had leave to
report at any time.
Mr. NIBLACK. A witness from the city of
Philadelphia, Mr. P. S. Duval, was summoned
and examined before the committee, and made
statements which struck the committee at the time
as being extraordinary. Afterwards, they were
positively contradicted by the testimony of two
M other witnesses and by strong corroborative cir-
cumstances. It is such a case, that the committee
thought it proper to bring it before the House, and
to ask for the adoption of the resolution which
has been read. I demand the previous question.
The ptevious question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is not the regular
order of business the consideration of the Post
Office appropriation bill ?
r The SPEAKER. If called up, it is.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. * I caU-it up*
Mr., .ENGLISH. I ask the gentleman to yield
me the floor a moment for another purpose. I
want to take up the amendments of the Senate to
the post route bill, in order to have them .printed
and referred. I suppose that, as one of the amend-
ments makes an appropriation, the bill and
amendments, will have to go to the Committee.of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the
amendments, and thinks the bill must be sent to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then I hope the bill will be
taken up, the amendments ordered to be printed,
and the bill and amendments referred to theCoflJ-
raittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
It was so ordered.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL. "
The SPEAKER stated the pending question to
be the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House agreed to the eighth amendment to th«
Post Office appropriation bill, as follows:
Page 3, add the following at the end of section two:
Provided* That the sums heretofore appropriated (or the
erection of post office buildings, which may lemain in the
Tieasurv at the close of the present fiscal year, are hereby
reappropnated for the objects to wluch they are now appli-
cable by law.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the motion to lay on the
table carry the bill with it, if it prevail?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The question was taken; and there were,on a
division—ayes 64, noes 71.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mi*. SMITH, of Illinois, called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. "PHELPS, of Missouri. I appeal to the
gentleman from Illinois to withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays. If the motion to reconsider
prevail, the yeas and nays can be had on agree-
ing to the amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Then I am willing
to withdraw the call for the yeas and nays.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. PH ELPS, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask my colleague if he will
allow me to offer the following amendment to the
bill:
Provided, That the contract heretofore made bythePost-
master General with Butterfield & Co., lor transporting the
letter mails Irom the Mississippi river to San Francisco, in
California, is hereby confirmed and ratified; but the said
contractors shall have the privilege of selecting their own
route, in aecordancc with the terras of the act of Congress
establishing taul mail loute.
Mr. McQJJEEN. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I must decline to
yield. A votp was had on that amendment.
Mr. STANTON, if the previous question be
seconded, all fuither amendments will be cutoff.
Mr. BURNETT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Underwood
and Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 90, noes 70.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question.
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Artram, Ahl, Anderson. Arnold, Atkins,
Avery, Baiksdaie, li,nr, Bis-hop, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce,
Btaneh, Burnett, Burns. Ca&kie, Cavannugh, John B. Clark,
Clay. Cobb, John Coalmine. Coekerill. James Craig, Barton
Craige, Ciawford, Ctniy, Lhivts of Indiana, Davis ofMis-
•'iSbippL Dimm.clc. DowdHi. Edinundson, Elliott, English,
I' Eu^i-,'Faulkner. Foley, Garnett, Gartreli, Gilmer, Grfceit-
!; wooAfc Gregg, Groesbeek, Grover, Lawrence W. Hall,
] ■ Hatch? Haw kins, Hill, Hodges. Hopkins, Houston, Hughes,
j j IJuj-Ier, Jackson. Jevvett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Lamar,
j, Landv, Leidy, Letcher, Maoiay, McKibbin, McQueen,
1; Mcltae, Samuel S. Marshal!, Mason, Maynard, Miles,
j: Millaon', Montgomery,Moore, Nihlack, Pendleton, Peyton,
j! John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps, Powell, Ready, Rea-
i; gan, Kieaud. UufTiri. Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales,
|; Scott, Searing, Seward. Aaron Shaw. Hemy M. Shaw,
ji Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Staltwjcwth,
11 Stevenson, Talbot, Mil^s Taylor, Underwood, VaBaadrg-
