1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
duction of three bills; and that they must be intro-
duced, if at all, underseparateand distinct motions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri modified his first proposition, which was
to introduce from the Committee of Ways and
Means the bill reported. His present motion is
to suspend the rules to enable him to report a hill,
to enable the gentleman from Vermont to report
a substitute, and to enable him also to report a
loan bill.
Mr. McQXFEEN. That is my very objection.
His first motion was to suspend the rules to re-
port a bill. He now moves to suspend the rules
to report a paper providing for the introduction
of three bills; and my point is, that it is not in
order to move to suspend the rules for tjie pur-
pose of reporting more than one bill or proposi-
tion at a time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to modify his proposition to suspend the rules at
any time before the question is taken on the sus-
pension.
-Mr. BURNETT. Then I ask, have we not a
right fo hear the three bills read, before we are
asked to vote to suspend the rules?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask for the reading of the
amendment which I propose to offer under that
resolution. It will not take fifteen minutes.
Mr. McQrUEEN. That will cover the very
objection I made. The motion will then stand
before the House to suspend the rules to report
four bills.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Is the mo-
tion to suspend the rules debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then I ob-
ject to any further debate.
The SPEAKER. This is a motion to suspend
the rules, to bring the propositions before* the
House. Objection being made to the reading of
the amendments,  the Chair thinks it is not in
order to read them.
Mr. BURNETT. I respectfully suggest to the
Chair that when we are called upon to vote to
suspend the rules for the purpose of letting in
specific propositions, we should have, at least,
the privilege of hearing them read, in order to
have our judgment enlightened as to what we
are voting to let in.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I under-
stand the point of order, as made by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, to be, that the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means was not au-
thorized to make a report at all; and the reply of
the Chair is, that there may be a motion to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of submitting three
different biils. I submit to the House that if a
member has a right to move to suspend the rules
to admit three bills, he has a right to make the
same motion to admit every proposition that a
member of the House may desire to offer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he can;
and that the House may, if it see fit, vote to sus-.
pend the rules for that purpose.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask whether or not, under
that resolution, there is as much right to have the
amendment which I proposed reported, as the
gentleman from Missouri has to have his bill re-
ported? I ask the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means whether it was not m the con-
templation of the committee, when that resolution
was adopted, that the dliferent propositions should
be submitted to the House, so that we might un-
derstand what we were voting for?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. [ cannot respond
to that question, either affirmatively or negatively,
for when the resolution was adopted by the com-
mittee, there was very little conversation on the
subject.
Mr. McGlUEEN.- Taking that for granted, I
beg leave to ask whether the rules are to be sus-
pended for the purpose of letting in the chair-
man's bill, or the bill of the gentleman from Ver-
mont, or the bill of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, or what?
Mr. CR.AIGE, of North Carolina. I <tfhder-
stand the Chair to decide that it is not necessary
to move to suspend the rules for each bill; but
that all the bills may come m under it. That
being so, I ask to suspend the rules at the same
timej so as to introduce a bill to amend an act
for the admission of Minnesota into the Union.
The SPEAKER. Ther^is already pending a
motion to suspend the mles.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I under-
stood the Chair to decide that this could be done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair misunderstood
the question of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, or the gentleman from North Carolina mis-
understood fhe remark of the Chair, if he under-
stood the Chair as making such a statement.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I propounded
this question to the Chair. I understood the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Kentucky
to be this: that the gentleman from Missouri could
not move to suspend the rules so as to admit his
bill, the bill of the gentleman from Vermont, and
the bill of the gentleman from Pennsylvania; that
they were three distinct propositions; and that they
could not be covered by the one motion to suspend
the rules. I understood the Chair to decidelihat
the motion was in order. I then asked the flwair
whether, if it were in order in reference to three
bills, it would not be also in order in reference to
every bill that any member of the House might
desire to offer; and the Chair said it was.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman from Missouri to submit the proposition
which he has submitted. It is a question of dis-
cretion for the House. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri had included in his motion the bill specified
by the gentleman from North Carolina, the Chair
thinks that it would be in order; but the gentle-
man from Missouri has not incorporated it in his
motion.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the Chair whether it
has decided that the bills cannot now be read ?
The SPEAKER. If there be objection, they
cannot.
Objection was made.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to know whether,
under that resolution and report, if the rules be
suspended, these propositions may not be read be-
fore the House is called upon to vote on them?
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to have the propo-
sitions read, '
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I understand the
Speaker to decide that, on a motion to suspend
the rules for the purpose of introducing three bills
for the consideration of the House, the members
have no right, prior to the motion being put, to
have the bills read, if objection be made?
• The SPEAKER. When objection is made,
that is so.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
M/. EDIE. I move to lay the appeal on the
table. •
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. If, under the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri, a suspension of the
rules takes place, will it be competent then, under
that suspension of the mles, for the gentleman
from Vermont and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to introduce their propositions?
Mr. Mc&UEEN. That is my very question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will be.
The proposition is express: that they be allowed
to offer their propositions as amendments, if the
rules be suspended.
Mr. JOiNES, of Tennessee. I am ready and
willing at all times 
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate in the way
of interrogatories. I do not think the Speaker
♦was put there to be catechized by everybody. I
object to that kind of debate indirectly which
gentlemen cannot accomplish directly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER.. Debate is objected to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not want to
debate it. I want to vote understanding^, and
desire to ask a question.
Mr. SEWARD. I repeat my point of order,
that this question is not debatable, either direct-
ly or indirectly. If the Speaker is to answer
questions, I have half a dozen to propound to
him. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the i
proposition so that every member will understand
it. The proposition of the gentleman from Mis-
souri is to suspend the rules so as enable him I
to report from the CommitteeofWaysand Means ;i
the bill that has been read.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri No* sir; to make -j
a report in conformity with the resolution which '[
has been read. !l
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands what
he is doing. The proposition of the gentleman
from Missouri is to suspend the rules, so as to
enable him to report from the Committee of Ways
and Means the bill which has been read; also,
to allow the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] to report a substitute therefor; and that any
other *nember of the committee may have an op-
portunity to offer amendments; all of which amend-
ments will, with the bill, if the rules are sus-
pended, have to be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, for consid-
eration there.
Mr. MOORE. I desire to propound a question
to the Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. I must renew my objection.
Mr. MOORE. I merely desire to ask one
question.
Mr. SEWARD. I have objected to others,
and I must object now.
Mr. MOORE. The gentleman has no right to
object. I desire to ask a question for informa-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. There are other means of
information.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama cannot make the inquiry, as the gentleman
from Georgia objects.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the unanimous permission
of the House to be excused from voting upon
propositions submitted to this House which I do
not understand and cannot hear read.
Mr. MILES. I call for the yeas and nays on
excusing the gentleman.
Mr. HOUSTON. What reason does the gen-
tleman give for desiring; to be excused?
Mr. CLAY. That I have not heard read the
propositions proposed to be submitted under the
resolution of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I think that is avery
good reason.
Mr. MILES. I withdraw the demand for the
yeas and nays. I made it in good faith, because
I do not understand one tenth of what is going
on in the House, though I listen attentively.
Mr. MOORE. I thought any member had a
right to ask for the reading of any proposition on
which he is called to vote. I ask that the propo-
sitions of the gentlemen from Vermont and Penn-
sylvania shall be read.
The SPEAKER. Those bills are not before
the House. ^
Mr. DEAN. I object to any debate.
The question was taken; and Mr. Clay was
not excused from voting.
Mr. HUGHES. There is som£ dispute as to
the terms of the resolution of the Committee of
Ways and Means—whether any member, or any
member of the committee, is to be allowed to offer
amendments. Will the Chair be kind enough to
have the resolution again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker——
[Loud cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will wait until
this clamor is hushed.
[Renewed cries of "Call the roll!"]
The SPEAKER. The House will come to
order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
whether, if the rules be suspended, these bills will
have priority in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union over all others ?
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. They will not. They will
have to be taken up on motion. The Chair be-
lieves a majority can take them up.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 128,.nays 88, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, AW, Anderson, Andrews,
Arnold, B.itr, Buimett, Hingham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss,
Bowie. Bravtnn, Knrthuon. Builmgame, Ca^e, Cavantiugh,
ChuriVe, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark, dawson,
Clark H. Cochrane, Colfax, Cormmr, Covodv, Cragm, Cur-
tis, Davis of McUjiand, Davis of Ma^acliu^eUs. Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, I>uan, Diek. Dimmiek. Dadd, DurVce, Edie,
Fariixworth, Fenton, Florence. Foley, Foster, Guhhngs,
Gillie, Gihmm, Gdmor, Gooch, Goodwin. Granger, Giovcr,
G)ow, Rohori B. IIaii. Harlan, Harris, Hatch, Hickman,
Hoard,Horton, Howard, Hiuier, J ewett,Owen Jones.Keim,
Kellogg, Kt-'lsey, Kilgoie, ivnapp,Jolm C. Kunkel, Landy,
Ueidy", Inciter, Loyejow M.uduy, Humphrey MaisUall,Ma-
son, MattesOn,Mavnaul. Montgomery. Momli, Edw.ud Joy
Morris, Freeman H. Mor^e, Oliver A" Morse, Murray, Ohn,
Palmer, Parker, Petfit, John S. Phelps, William W Phelps
Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Puivianee, Ready, Redly,
