1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February &6,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Uohbine, Robert-?, Royce, Russell, John
Sherman, Judson W. Sherman. Sickles, Stanton, James A.
Stewart, William Stewart, .Tappan, Thayer, Thompson,
Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, WaIdron,Wat-
ton, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,'Ellihu B.-Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Whiteley, Wilson, Wood> Wor-
tendyke, and ZoJhcoffer—128. . , ,,
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bocock, Bon-
ham, Boyce, Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Caskfe, Jolm B,
Clark, Clay, Cobb,' John Cochrane, Cockerill, >Comms,
James Crate, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson,
Davis of Indiana*, Davis of Mississippi, Dowdeil, Edmund-
son, EJfiott, English, Eustis, Faulkner, Garnett, Gartrell,
Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, Haskm,
Hawkins, Hill, Hodges, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Jack-
son, J'enkins, George W. Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Letcher,
McKibbin, McQ.ueen, McRae, Samuel S. Marshall, Miles,
Millson, Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Mott, Ntblack, Nichols,
Pendleton, Peyton,Powell, Reagan. Ruffin, Sandidge, Sav-
age, Scales, Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw,
Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Spinner, StaUwouli, Stephens, Stevenson, Tal-
bot, Tappan, Miles Taylor, Vallandigham, Vance, Watfema,
Winslow, Woodson, Augustus R. Wright, and John V.
Wright—88.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, reported back the amendments of the
Senate to the bill making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1860, which were referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That Monday next be sot apart specially for
the consideration ofterritorial business, and that precedence
in the consideration of such business shall be given to bills
now in Committee of the Whole on the statu of the Union,
over those in Committee of the Whole House, in the order
in which iliey stand on the icspeetive Calemlais, of a local
character, in the Territories now organized.
Mr. GROW. 1 think that resolution ought to
be adopted. The Territories have not had a day
this session.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I object to the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I must object, at
the present stage of the public business.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Geoigia. I move to sus-
Fend the rules. I do not want to take up time,
for tellers.
Mr. STANTON, (holding up the volume of
the testimony taken by the select committee on
naval contracts and expenditures.) I understand
that we have to dispose of this big book on
Monday. •
Mr. SEWARD. 1 object to debate. We have
business enough to do without wasting time in
this way.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. EUSTIS. There is no time to ask ques-
tions, and much less to answer them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I only desire to
ask the gentleman to modify his resolution, so as
to confine it to the business of the organized Ter-
ritories.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is so con-
fined.
Tellers were ordeied; and Messrs. Seward and
Kelsky were appointed.
The House divided*, and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty; not two thirds of a quoium.
So the rules were not suspended.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE LANDS
The SPEAKER laid before the House the veto
message of the President'of the United States, re- j
turning the bill granting donations of lands to the j
several States for the benefit of agricultural col- j
leges; which was read, as follows: j
To the House of Representatives of the United States: \
I return, with my objections, to the House of j
Representatives, m which it originated, the bill j
entitled "An act donating public lands to the sev- i
eral States and Territories which may provide j
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the me- I
chamc arts,"presented to me on the 18th instant. |
This bill makes a donation to the several States |
of twenty thousand acres of the public lands for ;
each Senator and Representative m the present i
Congress; and also an additional donation of
twernty thousand acres for each additional Rep-
resentative to which any State may be entitled
under the census of 1860.
- According to a report from the Interior Depart-
ment, based upon the present number of Senators
and Representatives, the lands given to the States
amount to six million and sixty thousand acres,
and their value, at the minimum Government price
of $1 95 per acre, to $7,575,000.
The object of this gift, as stated by the bill, is
"the endowment, support, and maintenance of at
least one college [in each State] where the leading
object shall be, without excluding other scientific
or classical studies, to teach such branches of
learning as are related to agriculture and the me-
chajM£ arts, as the Legislatures of the States may
resj^tively prescribe, in order to promote the
liberal and practical education of the industrial
classes in the several pursuits and professions in
life."
As there doesnotappear from the bill to be any
beneficiaries in existence to which this endow-
ment carPbe applied, each State is required " to
provide, within five years at least, not less than
one college, or the grant to said State shall cease."
In that event the " said State shall be bound to
pay the United States the amount received of any
lands previously sold; and that the title to pur-
chasers under the State shall be valid."
The grant in land itself is confined to such
States as have public lands within their limits
worth §1 25 por acre, in the opinion of the Gov-
ernor. For the remaiping States, the Secretary
of the Interior is directed to issue " land scrip to
the amount of their distributive shares in acres
under'the provisions of this act; said scrip to be
sold by said States, and the proceeds thereof ap-
plied to the uses and purposes prescribed in this
act, and for no other use or purpose whatsoever."
The lands are gran tod and the scrip is to be issued
" in sections or subdivisionsof sections of notless
than one quarter of asection."
According to an estimate from the Interior De-
partment, the number of acres which will prob-
ably be accepted by States having public lands
within their own limits will not exceed five hun-
dred and eighty thousand acres, and it may be
much less; leaving a balance of five million four
hundred and eighty thousand acres to be pro-
vided for by scrip.
These grants of land and land scrip to each of
the thiity-thiee States are made upon certain con-
ditions, the principal of which is, that ifthe£und
shall be lost or diminished on account of unfor-
tunate investments, or otherwise, the deficiency
shall be replaced and made good by the respec-
tive States.
I shall now proceed to state my objections to this
bill. I deem it to be both inexpedient and un-
constitutional.
1. This bill has been passed at a period when
we can with great difficulty raise sufficient revenue
to sustain the expenses of the Government. Should
it become a law, the Treasury will be deprived of
the whole, or nearly the whole, of our income
from the sale of public lands, which, for the next
fiscal year, has been estimated at $5,000,000.
A bare statement of the case will make this evi-
dent. The minimum price at which we dispose
of our lands is $1 23 per acre. At the present
moment, however, the price has been reduced to^
those who purchase tho bounty-land warrants of,
the old soldiers to eighty-five cents per acre; and j
of these warrants theie arc still outstanding and j
unloeated, as appears by a report (13th February, !
1859) from the General Land Office, the amount of I
eleven million nine hundred and ninety thousand ;
three hundied and ninety-one acres. This has al- |
reedy greatly reduced the current sales by the Gov- j
ernment, and diminished the revenue from this 1
source. If, m addition, thirty-three States shall {
enter the market with their land scrip, the price I
must be greatly reduced below even eighty-five j
cents per acre, as much to the prejudice of the j
old soldieia who have not already parted with I
their land warrants as to Government. It is easy
to perceive that with this glut of the market Gov- j
ernment can sell little or no lands at $1 25 per j
acre, when the price of bounty land warrants and '
scrip shall be reduced to half this sum. This
source of revenue will be almost entirely dried up.
Under the bill the States may sell their land scrip .
at any price it may bring. There is no limitation i
whatever in this respect. Indeed they must sell
for what the scrip will bring, for without this fund
they cannot proceed to establish their colleges
within the five years to which they are limited. It
is manifest, therefore, that to the extent to which
this bill will prevent the sale of public lands at
25 per acre, to* that amount it will have pre-
cisely the same effect upon the Treasury as if wo
should impose a tax to create a loan to endow
these State colleges.
Surely the present is the most unpropitious mo-
ment which could have been selected for the pas-
sage of this bill.
2. Waiving for the present the question of con-
stitutional power, what effect will this bill have
on the relations established between the Federal
and State Governments? The Constitution is a
grant to Congress of a few enumerated but most
important powers, relating chiefly to war, peace,
foreign and domestic commerce, negotiation, and
other subjects which can be best or alone exer-
cised beneficially by the common Government-
All other powers are reserved to the States and to
the people. For the efficient and harmonious
working of both, it is necessary that their several*
spheres pf action should be kept distinct from each
other. This alone can prevent conflict and mu-
tual injury. Should the time ever arrive when
the State governments shall look tofthe Federal
Treasury for the means of supporting themselves
and maintaining their systems of education and
internal policy, the character of both Govern-
ments will be greatly deteriorated. The Represent-
atives of the States and of the people, feeling a
more immediate interest in obtaining money to
lighten the burdens of their constituents than for
the promotion of the more distant objects intrusted
to the Federal Government, will naturally incline
to obtain means from the Federal Government for
State purposes. If a question shall arise between
an appropriation of land or motley, to carry into
effect the objects of the Federal Government and
those of the States, their feelings will be enlisted
m favor of the latter. This ishuman nature; and
hence the necessity of keeping the two Govern-
ments entirely distinct. The preponderance of
this home feeling has been manifested by the pas-
sage of the present bill. The establishment of
these colleges has prevailed over the pressing
wants of the common Treasury. No nation ever
had such an inheritance as we possess in the pub-
lic lands. These ought to be managed with the
utmost care, but, at the same time, with a liberal
spirit towards actual settlers.
In the first year of a war with a powerful n&val
nation the revenue from customs must, in a great
degree, cease. A resort to loans will then become
necessary, and these can always be obtained as
our fathers obtained them, on advantageous terms,
by pledging the public lands as security. In this
view of the subject, it would be wiser to grant
money to the States for domestic purposes than
to squander away the public lands, and transfer
them in large bodies into the hands of specula-
tors.
A successful struggle on the part of the State
governments with the General Government for
tho public lands, would deprive the latter of the
means of performing its high duties, especially at
critical and dangerous periods. Besides, it would
operate with equal detriment to the best interests
of the States. It would lemove the most whole-
some of all restraints on legislative bodies—that
of being obliged to raise money by taxation from
their constituents—and would lead to extrava-
gance, if not to corruption. What is obtained
easily and without responsibility will be lavishly
expended.
3. This bill, should it become a law, will oper-
ate greatly to the in jury of the new States. The
progress of settlements and the increase of an in-
dustrious population, owning an interest in the
soil they cultivate, are the causes which will build
them up into great and flourishing common-
wealths. Nothing could be more prejudicial to
theirffcterests than for wealthy individuals to ac-
quire large tracts of the public land and hold them
for speculative purposes. The low price to which
this land scrip will probably be reduced will tempt
speculators to buy it in large amounts, and locate
it on the best lands belonging to the Government.
The eventual consequence must be that the men
who desire to cultivaj^ the soil will be compelled
to purchase these yery lauds at rates much higher
