1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
In my humble judgment, this is a practicable j
mode of aiding in the construction of tb^se lines S
of railroad across the continent. I believe it is 1
the only pra-tieable mod^; which has yet been i
suggested to my mind. Slen speak of one road 1
as being sufficient to answer the wants of this j
great country. Why, sir, how many railroads ]
are there between Boston and the city of New!
York ? You may tell me that Boston is in New]
England, arid Massachusetts is a very populous
State. Perhaps many are hardly prepared to be-
lieve it; but the truth is, sir, that Wisconsin to-
day has about the same population as Massachu-
setts. Wisconsin to-day, although twenty yoais
ago there was scarcely any population there, has
near seven hundn d thousand people; Minnesota
has over two bundled thousand. The gieat cur-
rents of emulation are rolling on; they are going ;j
on with a power and an energy and a momen- j
turn which make the timid and" the conservative !
quake with terror, whih the heart of Young Amur- ;
ica leaps for joy; and on they will go. Sir, this j
Govciuniciii cannot hinder them if it would; it
may, peihaps, aid in their advancement, and in J
giving some dilution to ihe'r course. |
At the same time, Mr. President, 1 would not I
pi ess on the columns at too rapid a rate, nor jj
would I encourage the building of raihoads so j|
fast as to incur laige liabilities by this Govern- j]
ment or distuib the monetary affairs of tftecoun- ij
try. j!
The bill which I submit, theiefoie, ptoposes i>
that theie shall be a limit as to the rapidity with |[
which these loads shad be uudei taken to oe con- !j
structed. It hmtis the amount to be con^n ueted m
on any one line, to two hundred miles annually, jj
and for obvious reasons 1 believe that !i ue wis- j!
dom and piactical judgment require such a hm- l|
itation. Without u you may not have the people
upon the line who are necessary to cons'iuct it,
and the people who are necessary to defend it and
to operate it after H is constructed.
I admit that tlieie are difficulties on all tv,roe of
these lines; and it is simply because there are d if-
ficulties on these lines of routes, because there are
points upon each where perhaps it would be im- i
possible for private enterprise atone to construct j
a railroad, that I desire to retain m the Treasury !
of the United States the proceeds of a portion of j
the lands along the whole line, for the purpose of !
securing the building of that pottion of the road I
where private enterpnseand pi tvate capital would j
fail to build it. If the lands foi the whole distance j
acioss the continent were fertile and aidhle, I j
would never ask for any aid fiom the Govern-
ment of the United States; out there is a point on h
allthese routes, much less, I believe,on the north- jj
ern route than any other, where some aid will |i
be necessary, and it is for that purpose that I de- jj
sire to retain m the Treasury of the United States ij
the proceeds of the sah's ol ceitam alternate sec- ^
tions, so thauwe may have the money derived jj
from the proceeds of those sales regaidedas a ii
fund set apart for that purpose, to aid in the ij
construction of the road when we approach that jj
point. ii
This proposition is so drawn, too, that on what- jj
ever line a road may be attempted to be con- !■
structed, you may commence on the central route,
or the southern route, or the northern route; and
if you approach a point where the contractors
abandon the road, the Government will not be the
loser by the abandonment. All the Government
will have done will be to have advanced to the
company at the rate of $10,001) per mile, holding lj
a security upon the road itself for that amount of ,|
advancement, besides having advanced the pro- i
ceeds of ten alternate sections of land. The settle- ,j
merit and the development of the country would ;;
have been secured*, whiie the Government jtself .1
would have lost nothing m the operation beyond jj
opening so much of the public domain without
any compensation for its lands. In no event ij
would the Government incur liabilities beyond j
$.6,U00,000 per annum, if two hundred miles on :j
each route should be annually put mto operation, n
Another feature of this proposition winch I sub- ^
nut, and which 1 regard as one of the most im- :
portant features of it, is, that it opens up the
even-numbered .sections, except tho.^e which are i(
reserved foi school purposes, to occupation and :
settlement under the provisions of the homestead |
bill. 1 shall not discuss the propriety of that jj
measure on this occasion* for 1 desire simply to 11
call the attention of the Senate to the proposition
which I submit for their consideration.
Sir, I do not believe that this would be the
means of doing any lr justice to any section of the
Confederacy. 1 believe that it would be doingno
more than the Government of the United States
may constitutionally do, to aid the people upon
these several lines in the consti uction of these
railroads across the continent. I must say that
I much pieferthis to the proposition to build the
central road, and that alone; for I confess that I
have serious dotibts whether the building of the
central road, on the whole line, is so practicable
as some suppose. 1 havestillnioreseriousdoubts,
as to a portion of the southern hne, whether it
will be piactieable ever to build a road fiom the
Colorado to San Francisco. It may be built
to the Colorado or the Gulf of California; but
beyond the Coloiado there is a vast sandy desert,
whose moving sands sweptalong, m thick clouds,
by the winds, as they pass over it, moved as the
simooms move the sands ot the desert of Sahara,
may, I feai, buiy your railroad, cars and all, be-
yond the power ol ail the money of the Govern-
mentof the United States, or any earthly power,
to ptotec! or io defend them.
Bin, sir, 1 know that we differ tn our opinions
on the practicability ot each touie. Each route
has its sp* cial fs tends on this floor, who believe
that it is not only the best, but poihaps the only
re.uiy piaeticabte route. Sir, let us adopt a prop-
o.Mitoii like this which I offi-i ; let civil engineers
be Sent out, practical raiiroud-men, not Army of-
ficers—Army officers have been over the ground
and given their account of it; let us send civil eu-
gtneeis who have been actually engaged in ihe con-
struction and operation of rail ways in this country
for a term of not less than five years; let them £0
over these routes; let them come back with ihmr
report of the several route*, and the geueial i Mi-
mate of the eon of each; let n be then submitted
a^ain to the Congress of the United States by the
Piesulent, when we can see the gcneial lines
which they have selected, and when we can vote
on a question of this immense magnitude with our
eyes open, and know what we are voting for, and
how much we expect to involve the Government.
Mr. President, I have spoken at greatei length
than I intended. I hope, if the bill is to be re-
committed at all, that my proposition to instruct
the committee to report a bill for thiee lines of
railroad, instead of the one line of railroad which
is now pending before the Senate, will prevail.
Mi FOSTER. Mr. President, there are torty-
three working days only left for this Congress.
Already a great deal of time has been occupied in
the discussion of this bill, perhaps no nioie than
is necessary, considering its gieat impoitanc^;
but it is a fact, which has occurred, 1 ptesume,
to most minds here, that the greater portion of
time has been occupied by the friends of the bill.
Now, sir, i would respectfully suggcM toaH those
who are friends of tlm measure, and I am one of
them, that an early period must be put to this
discussion, or the measure will be killed by its
friends. There are a great many amendments to
the bill, a gieat many propositions before us, on
which few orno votes have been taken. 1 lespect-
fully sufgeM to all who are friends of this meas-
ure, that\vc had betur begin voting, or this bill
is dead, ami the measure is put beyond all hope
of icsuirection foi this session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart in
the chair.) On the question of recommitting the
bill, the yeas and nays have been asked.
The yea's and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think that the recommit-
ment of this bill to the committee will consume
moie time than we should occupy in voting on it
and peifecting it. Eveiy man has peculiar no-
tions about the amendments. Let him express
 tln'iu by his votes. I hope the bill will noi be re-
committed, and that we shall take these diffeient
substitutes, and have the sense of the Senate on
each, and see whether the minds of Senatoi.%,can-
not concur in something. We can do that in a
gieat deal lesstime than will be consumed by re.
committing the bill to the committee. At some
stage of this measure—I do not wish to interpose-
any obstacle now—1 intend to piopose, not an
amendment as to the routes, but some proposi-
tion to bung whoever builds the load within the
control of the Government. I do not want dif-
ferent corporations scattered all over this country
: dabbling in railroads. The more corporations
• you have to dabble#?ith them, the more srptan-
; dering of money and the more trouble there will
; be in having any regulation about if; but the
' routes are to be settled first. I hope "the hill wdi
j not be recommitted, but that we shall taKe the
: sense of the Senate on the various propositions
i which have been Ruhrmued.
| Mr, DOOLITTLE. ii will he recollected that
j the Senator from Georgia first submitted a motion
j to recommit the bill, with mstiuctious to report
i the bill which he had prepared, piovidmg for two
j rouses, a northern and a southern route. I made
j a motion to amend his proposition, so as to in-
j struct the committee to repoit the bill which I
' submitted lie subsequent!j withdrew his origi-
j nal proposition, and moved to instiuct the com-
i nnttee to leport a bill for two routes, a noirhern
I and a southern, which I nvvrd to amend by in-
j serting, also, ihe words, and a central route,"
i for the purpose of instructing them, if it went to
1 the committee at ail, to report a bill for three
| routes. Some fnend.s around cue surest thai a
| better mode of an mng at the sense of I he Senate
would be to move to amend the hemlm^ pioposi-
tioo, by substituting the bill which I have iutio-
dueed, for the bill Which is ptiidoig tafi.re tne
Scuttle, and let the sense of tin U.dv be t: Kou on
that.
Tim PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. ;
The motion t-olo «> ihe Smnte h-tvuer hem' ai-
vided, the fnst question is mi i he motion i<> > .'ton,
mi!; and if that !)♦• cat'' led, im n the Seo. t.u can
propose to amend the msLrucii'Uis n. any way
he chooses
Mr. DOOLiT FLK. Would it not be m order
for rae to move to hum nd that proposition?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at this
time.
Mi. SHIELDS. If I understand the proposi-
tion now, it is to recommit the bill with instruc-
tions to leport in favor of thn e i oads.
Mr. TOOMBS. That, has been divided. The
first ques'.on is on recommitting
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the motion to recommit with instruc-
tions has been divided, so that the question now
is, fii<t, will the Senate recommit the bill?
Mi. SKI ELDS. On the bare recommittal ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes.
Mi SHIELDS. As far as 1 am concerned, 1
consider that as  n end ot the hill; but I wiil ask
the Senator from California who lias had charge
of it, whether he thinks this lecommutal would
not be prejudicial to it at this session ? 1 shall cer-
tainly vote against u if he thinks so.
Mr. GVV1N. The select committee had this
subject betoie them, and a majority of the com-
mittee reported this bill. Members of the mi-
nority have piesen'ed two substitutes for it. I
think we have done all we can. The recommittal
of the bill, it seems to me, would be h mere post-
ponement, without resulting in any benefit, i shall
certainly vote against it.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator is opposed to
the recommittal. I shall vote against it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 do not profess to under-
stand the rules of order; but it is suggest -d to me
( that the motion to commit, with instructions, is
i hardly such a motion a*> is susceptible of d*% ision.
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
j decided that it is divisible, and derided, as the
j present occupant of the Chair thinks, coriectly;
! because the Senate may commit the bill, and re-
j fuse to agree to the instructions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The proposition now
'l pending is a pioposition which I myself oih-red.
j! ["No."] I moved to amend, and my amendment
i; was adopted, and it stands as amended on my
ji motion.
;■ The question being taken by yeasand'nays on
i! motion to recommit, resulted—-yeas 25, nuys32;
|| as follows :
'I YEAS—Messr*. Bayard, Benjimm, Brown, Chestnut,
Clav, Ctmgumn, CoUentlen, Fazpatnek. H.unlui, Ham
n uioud, HotiJ-ion, Hunter, Iver-ou, Joi n~<>n or
'j .Mailoiy, .Ma-on, Pearee, Fugii, Reui, Kiee, Siifteil, r^.nart.
'j Tnonit)--- W'artl, aim Vulet:— 25.
'! Hate-, Bell, Ou'Ier. Hro-Jenck. Oa;n 
" ron. Chaiuliei, Cl.uk, CoHamer. lUvi-. Dixon. Dooiittie
Duusl.is, Durkee, t'es-eriiliju. ^iteii. F. o.. F^-i^r,
(iwtii. Hale, tiar!;iii. .toner-. K.-amniv. tvum. f}"/*
t,.ni3 Reward, tilueida, Tiuuibuil, W'dile, .u d
ii Wilson-—
f! So the Seriate refused to recommit the bill
