332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The instruc-
tionsfall, of course, the Senafte having refused to
recommit the bill.
Mr. BfGLER. I now offer an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a mo-
tion to amend pending, which will be stated. The
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has
offered an amendment to strike out, in the ninth
and tenth hues of the first section, the words,
"the most eligible route, reference being had to
feasibility, shortness, and economy," and insert,
" the shortest practicable route between the par-
allels of latitude 340 and 430;" so that the section
will read:
Be it enacted, «$'e , Thatthe President of the United States
be, and lie herebv, authorized and directed to enter into
a cormaet for the transportation of tiie mails, troops, sea-
men, munitions of vv.u, Army and Navy t-upplies, and all
othei Government service, by railroad, fiom a point on the
Missoun nver, between the mouths of the Big Sioux and
Kan.ca-' nv-eis. to San Francisco, in the State of California,
on the shortest practicable route between the parallels of
latitude 34° and 43°.
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] moved
to amend the amendment by striking out " thirty-
four," and inserting " thirty-seven." The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BIGLER. My motion is to strike out all
after the third section and insert. Is not that in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at this
time, the Chair thinks.
M r. TRUM BULL. As I regard the vote now
about to be taken on this proposition to confine
the limits of this road between the thirty-seventh
and forty-third paral'els as vital and decisive to the
bill, I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, it was not ori-
ginally my intention to address to the Senate any
remarks on this subject, but it seems to me that
the proposition now submitted to us is one of <^reat
importance. If I have conectly apprehended the
design of the Pacific railroad, it is for the national
advantage, for the general benefit, and it ought
not to be confined to'any particular section or in-
terest in the United States. If so, I cannot per-
ceive the propriety of restiicting the engineers in
their reconnoissances to any particular locality,
but we should leave the wide field open for the se-
lection of that line which will best promote our
great national purposes. This amendment, how-
ever, proposes to limit the selection to a point
north of the thirty-seventh parallel. It seems to
me thatif nature has designed a communication be-
tween the Mississippi river and the Pacific ocean,
the least expensive, the most direct, the most fa-
cile means of communication, is to be found in a
route commencing at the mouth of the Red river.
By commencing there, all the streams which
would be encountered if you commenced at Mem-
plus, or any point further north, will be avoided,
and there is hut one stream of importance between
that and the Rio Grande. It is a natural trough,
if you will permit the expression, extending from
that point, with but veiy little interruption, to El
Paeo. That country has been described by Cap-
tain Marcy, and others, who have taken recon-
noissance's of it, and it is manifest that a road can
be constructed there with less expense than on
any other route which has been designated or
thought of.
We have heard of sandy deserts there inter-
posing insuperable obstacles. Is there any route
suggested that interposes no obstacles to the ac-
complishment of the work? None that I have
heaid of. It is lemarkably singular that the ob-
stacle which is regatded as insuperable, this
dreary, sandy desert, this Arabian waste, as it has
been termed, in which steam-cars and caravans
are to be overwhelmed, is not actually known on
that route at all. We have now a regular mail
communication between El Paso and the Pacific
ocean, if there were no facilities for a railroad on
that route, how is it possible that mail-coaches
could run regularly over without impediment?
That fact affords a practical refutation of this as-
sumption, which is unfounded in fact.
Why need this interpose an objection so as to
rule out from the general provisions of this bill a
section of country that possesses equal, if not
greater advantages than any other for this woik ?
By the route, winch I have suggested you are
afforded through the Mississippi river, from the
point where the Red wvor empties into ltj egress
to the Atlantic and the Gulf. From that point,
too, you can communicate with the South when
you cannot from St. Louis, because the ice-bound
condition of the Mississippi at that point pre-
cludes navigation, and you are totally dependent
on transportation by cars from St. Louis. The
mouth of the Red river is never obstructed by ice,
nor does it ever offerany obstruction at any point
on the Mississippi below the mouth of the Ohio
river. From the mouth of the Ohio you can com-
municate with the North and JEast: and from
Memphis and Vicksburg with the whole South.
At the terminus of this route, you have all the
facilities of water transportation which, in point
of cheapness, very far surpasses railroad trans-
portation. But, sir, if you terminate the road at
St. Louis, where the river is ice-bound at this
season of the year, and where commerce must of
necessity be arrested, how will the people of the
Gulf or of the lower part of the Mississippi have
communication with it? Must you transport ar-
ticles to some point south of the Ohio river, and
thence radiate through the whole southern coun-
try ? Is that the way ? Sir, you have the oppor-
tunity of accommodating all by locating the ter-
minus at the mouth of the Red river, and there the
whole commercial world is open to you; all the
facilities that arise from railroad and water trans-
portation are afforded to every section of the coun-
try north of it; but if you bring the road to St.
Louis, you must be solely dependent upon rail-
road transportation, and you cannot have it by
water, because the Mississippi is ice-bound as
well as the Missouri and you are arrested there.
All the cheapness, all the convenience,and every-
thing that would result from the other terminus
is there converted into a cost and an impediment
to transportion.
I think that to restrict the southern limit to the
thirty-seventh, ore ven to the thirty-fourth parallel,
is ruling out one of the most important routes, the
ad vantagesof which to the South will be incalcu-
lably greater than any other. By leaving a mar-
gin for including that route, do we cut off the
North from any portion of the advantages which
it has a right to claim ? None at all. The Ohio
and the Mississippi are open to Cairo; and at
Cairo, at Memphis, and at Vicksburg, the line
of which I have spoken will connect with the
whole eastern portion of the country. The en-
tire line north will be reached from Cairo; from
Memphis this line will communicate withCharles-
ton, with Richmond, and with all the southern
portion of the Union. Either from Vicksburg or
from Memphis, you can convey to New Orleans,
by ship or steamboat transportation, all the ma-
terials that will arrive from the Pacific coast. If
you have, anything to transport there, you have
all the advantages of embarking them at a point
more accessible than the mouth of the Ohio for
the people of the North. They have no streams
to ascend; but the people of the South have the
broad and secure Mississippi, with no impedi-
ments, no sawyers, no obstructions, to prevent
their reaching the terminus with perfect conve-
nience and security. You cannot have access to
the North from any other point with the same
facilities that you can from this terminiis on the
Mississippi.
Why rule out this route ? Is it not entitled to
consideration? Why not give entire latitude to
those who are to construct the road, to make their
selection ? If it is not eligible to make the term-
inus 1 have suggested, very well; let them so de-
cide; but I imploie you not to disfranchise those
who have a right to your consideration as a part
of this Union. If tills is to be a great national J;
work, give it a national character, and treat it as !'
a national measure for the defense of the Pacific '
coast. I have always been its advocate. I have
seen no constitutional impediment to it. There !'
is none; or else it is unconstitutional to give na- j,
tional defense. The Federal Government is bound !'
to defend the several States, and to give security
to th«m. If they owe it allegiance and loyalty,
the Federal Government owes them protection.
Can you give protection to California without a
direct communication with the Pacific ocean ? You
bannot. Can you bind them in interest? can you
make them identical with us? can you bind them
in cordiality, in sympathy, and in loyalty, unless
you create a bond of this kind? You cannot. I
wish no portion of this country to be alien to the ij
Union* and I wish t'6 d~o-justice all. I rtbvtjr f!
could conceive that there was a constitutional
impediment in the way of this work. Are we
authorized to build forts and fortifications ? If
we are, are we not equally bound to afford other
means of defense ? Is not the communication with
San Francisco and with the Pacific as important
as it is to erect forts here upon our borders, on the
Atlantic? Equally important. They are neces-
sary to the protection of our Atlantic coast, and a
railroad is indispensable to the protection of the
Pacific coast.
I have always been a stickler for strict con
struction, and I am yet; but I believe whatever
is necessary for the salvation of the country is
constitutional. There has been no constitutional
provision to bring these vast territories into the
United States, and to incorporate them into our
Union. The Constitution cannot be stretched; it
is not a piece of India-rubber; it is a compacted
whole, and not to b6 distended; but whenever you
step beyond the Constitution to acquire a domin-
ion, it becomes expedient that you should do
something with that dominion; and then it becomes
a matter of legislative discretion. That is my
opinion about the Constitution and its application
to those territories, that have been acquired with-
out its pale and without its provisions. I insist
that it would be an act of glaring injustice to this
section of the country, possessing the vast and
illimitable advantages which it does as a terminus
of a road, to exclude it from the common benefits
that are extended to other sections of the Union.
Mr. President, as I remarked in the outset, it
was not my intention to have uttered one syllable
upon this occasion. I have always entertained
my private views and opinions. I did not know
that they were more orthodox than those of other
gentlemen, nordid I wish to biing them in oppo-
sition to their views. It is possible that I might
be reconciled to the views which they have ad-
vanced; but they have not yet convinced me, and
I have a right to give my opinion.
I have regretted, Mr. President, that in the
course of this discussion it has been deemed ne-
cessary to draw any invidious distinctions be-
tween the North and the South. That to me for
the last twelve or fourteen years has been a sub-
ject of deep and inexpressible regret. I have
never heard that chord struck, but its vibration,
was painful to me; and the other day, when gen-
tlemen thought proper to advert to it, and when
there was crimination and recrimination, 1 was
deeply wounded. 1 had hoped that that subject was
deeply buried, that it never would be resurrected
again, at least within my hearing for the short
period during which I am to occupy a seat on this
floor. That good fortune, however, was not al-
lotted tome. I had to hear the jarring sounds
again, not of the death knell, but of agitation; and
what its ultimate consequence is to be, I know
not; I hope never the severance of this Union. I
hope, I believe, the Union is to be eternal. I cannot
but think that if the bright capacity, the cultivated
intellect, and the undoubted patriotism of gentle-
men here could be subsidized to the great objectof
devising ways and means for the perpttuation of
Union, for harmonizing the discordant sentiments
that exist in the community, and reconciling dif-
ficulties, it would be a most desirable and com-
mendable employment. It would seem, however,
that they were rather devising causes and occa-
sions of disagreement and alienation between the
North and the South. Disunion has become a
cantphrase. It is talked of familiarly. In olden
times,and it is within my recolloction, when it was
first sounded in the House of Representatives,
when it was first suggested in the debate on the
tariff of 18*24, I thought it was treason, and that
the individual ought to have been crucified. It
is no more acceptable to me now than it was then.
It is more familiar, but that does not commend it
either to my affection or to my judgment. Dis-
union, sir ! You might as well tell me that you
could have a healthy patient and a whole man, if
you were to cut the main artery of his life.
Have gentlemen ever reflected as to when,
where, and how they are to begin disunion; and
where it is to end? Will they cut the great
Mississippi in two? Who is to have the mouth
of H? Who is to command its source? Will it
be those who agitate the subject, or are ultra
upon it? Never, never! Look at the great West,
rising like a giant. Think you they will be pro-
hibited fhfe privilege Of fctminiaffding She grfeat
