1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
outlet of that river, when their productions are
boundless and float upon its bosom every year,
and every day of every year? Sir.it is madness.
X must remark to my honorable friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] with all kindness of feel-
ing personally, that when I heard him speak for
the South, I could not but review scenes that
passed before me in the old Chamber, when gen-
tlemen rose and spoke for the §outh as if they
were proxies of the South, and held the South in
the hollow of their hands, or controlled its desti-
nies by their will. Sir, I am of the South. I
was born there. I have lived there. No other
man in the whole South has a broader interest in
it than myself; my all is there, and I have repre-
sented a proud State here. I answer for a part
of the South. I intend to disclaim the right of
any gentleman on this floor to speak for the
South, when I can offer a negation to his asser-
tions.
This must be stopped, sir. It may wear out.
If it does not, and the crisis comes, you will find
the patriotic hearts of the South, are better em-
ployed than in agitating this subject; men who
are better engaged in Uie daily avocations of life;
men whose employments lead them to love their
country, to hope for its advancement, to rely in
security that on their own exertions depend the
welfare and prosperity of their families; and whose
prayers are for harmony and the well-being and
prosperity of their children in life. These are the
bone and sinew of that country. They have no
passions to flatter; they have no political aspira-
tions; they cherish nothing but a holy loyalty for
their country and its Constitution; and when
these men aie called to action, and look around
upon the elements which they are to oppose, it
will be as wise, if it were possible, for a sane man
to throw himself in the way of the furious tor-
nado, as for public men to oppose them. They
will not do it. They will stand aloof, hugging
security with a consciousness of happiness and the
future well-being of the human race. They will
be contented with the blessings they enjoy, and
will not put them to the hazards of revolution.
The gentleman spoke of one Stale seceding,
and others following. Mr. President, it would be
much easier for one State to come back than it
would be for other States to go with it. I can see
no propriety in that. What would theydo? Sup-
pose one State goes out; it rules itself out of the
Onion; it has cutoff all intercourse with the other
States; and as to talking of a division of the great
public lands of the United States, the right of a
State to any participation in them is at an end
when she secedes from the Union. She has left
good company and gone off by herself; she is in
a minority; she cannot take any portion of the
territory, for she has abjured that; she has sur-
rendered it by going out of the Union, for it is
only th.ough the Union that she has an interest
in it. Where would be the navy of the seceders?
where their army? where their security at home?
Sir, the very moment that a State places herself
out of the Union, that moment she assumes the
attitude of revolution; she has revolted. Certain
duties are enjoined on her by the Constitution;
if she resists the operation of the Constitution,
she becomes a rebel per se.
Sir, let the wise men of this Union turn their
heads and their hearts towards peace and har-
mony; let them become reconciled one to another,
and continue not the use of crimination and re-
crimination, but the language of conciliation, of
courtesy, of considerate demeanor, reflecting but
not talking, thinking but not acting prematurely,
and then we shall see a harmonious and desira-
ble state of things in this country. We shall see
no animosity; we shall see here no bitterness; no
incendiary pamphlets will be circulated in either
section. Let gentlemen of the North cease to
agitate the subject of our southern institutions.
They are ours, they were theirs, and they had a
right to them, and can reestablish them again if
they choose. If it is a matter of policy with them to
eschew them, it is a matter of necessity and of
right and of interest on the part of the South
to maintain them. Gentlemen may talk of phi-
lanthropy and humanity and the equality of all
men under the Declaration of Independence; but
I do not think an African equally white with me,
and therefore he is not on a footing of equality
exactly. He has never enjoyed political rights,
and therefore he has been deprived of none. In
Africa, he enjoyed the privilege of slaughtering
and eating his fellow-man; and it wes consistent
with his idolatry, and consistent with his educa-
tion; but that does notgive him the education and
moral pitch that white men have.
But be that as it may, whilst these subjects are
being discussed, I ask, I implore gentlemen to
tell us whatbetterdispositioncan be made of them.
Is the wild and savage African of Africa better
than the slave of the South ? Is he as well off as
the free blacks of the North, or those who .are
freezing in Canada? No; he is not as well off as
they are; he is not ca'red for; and will you throw
our slaves back again into barbarism, or will you
turn them loose upon us in the South ? Have we
done aught to produce the necessity of having
them amongst us.' Did not your ancestors do
it? We never were a commercial people; we
never carried on the-slave-trade until recently—
and I brand that as an act of unmitigated ififamy;
but it was done by others. Slavery has de-
scended to us; it is necessary, and we must main-
tain it; but does it conflict with the well-being of
northern gentlemen and northern society that the
South bear it? We are told that it is a calam-
ity and misfortune to us. Let us bear our mis-
fortunes alone. We have not asked for Interven-
tion, nor can we permit it. It is requiring too
much. Have I ever sought to drive slavery into
your communities ? Have I ever sought to ex-
tend its limits or to trench on any one of the estab-
lished principles of gentlemen who think differ-
ently on this subject from myself? I have not
sought to thrust it down their throats; but I have
determined always to maintain it as a man, and
to vindicate the rights that exist with us.
You never hear me talk of " southern rights."
The South has no rights but what belong to the
North; nor has the North any rights but what
belong to the South. The North has excluded
slavery: the South retains it. The North did it
because exclusion was their interest; the South
retain it because that is their interest. All the
States have equal rights. You, gentlemen of the
North, have the right to adopt slavery when you
please. We have the right to abolish it when We
please. You have the fight to abolish it, and we
to adopt it. Our rights are reciprocal under the
Constitution. We hold no rights that are south-
ern that are not northern; but " southern rights"
is a cant phrase, calculated to inflame the popu-
lar mind, and create an alienation of feeling, as
though the South was, in interest, antagonistic to
the North, und the North to tWe South. Allay
these reflections, gentlemen; hush them up; cure
and heal the wounds that have been inflicted upon
the nation; give harmony to it, and you will give
stability to our institutions. God has given us
everything that is necessary to make us a happy,
a great, and a mighty nation; and, oh, let us not
be laggard in the generous race of emulation to
honor His works.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I am not
sure that I understand the precise shape in which
the bill now stands. I am informed, however,
that it is the bill of the last session, with some,
slight amendments adopted at this session. I
voted against the proposition to recommit the
bill, for the reason that 1 am satisfied that a re-
committal now would be death to it. I am satis-
fied that the principal object of recommitting was
to strangle it, at least for this session. Such being
the case, the friends of a Pacific railroad, those j
who desire immediate and prompt action, 1 think \
should keep the bill before the Senate, vote upon !
the amendments as they arise, perfect it, and give 1
it a fair trial on a test vote upon its passage. !
I had flattered myself that there was a large ma- I
jority m this body, as well as in the other House, \
in favor of the construction of a Pacific railroad, j
If there is any one question on which the public :j
mind everywhere has seemed to be united, it is <j
the construction of a railroad to the Pacific. At ]
the last presidential election, it was the oniy point
upon which all three of the political parties of the
country united—Democrats, Republicans, Amer-
icans. All weie committed to a Pacific railroad,
and their candidates equally pledged to the car-
rying out of that proposition. It would be a little
curious if we could not find a majority of either !
branch of Congress in favor of the only proposi- jj
tion to which every man was committed before jl
the people, or, if not every man, to which all par- jj
ties were committed. Such may, ho.wever, turn I!
out to be the case; but 1 trust not. I think there
are such considerations as commend ihentselves
to the minds of all impartial men in favor of .the
immediate construction.of this road, as will event-
ually control the action of Congress. , - ■ •
But I did not rise to discuss the main question.
I have often done that before; and it has beenso
ably debated now, that I do not feel th&t I pould
add any new considerations. My motive,at pre#-?
ent, in rising, is to protest, so far as my voice and
vote are concerned, against the amendment pro-
posed, by which the thirty-seventh parallel shall
be substituted for the thirty-fourth as the south-
ern limit, beyond which this road shall not be
constructed. The bill, as it now stands, provides
that the starting point shall be on the Missouri
river, between the mouths of the Big Sioux and
Kansas rivers; and that the line shall pursue the
roost direct and eligible rotjte to Sftn Francisco,
in the State of California. Why are ~we not snt 
isfied with that provision as it stands ? Is there
a northern man, is there a central man, whois
not willing that the road shall start between these
two points on the Missouri river, and then pursue
the most eligible route to San Francisco ? 1 thrnh
it is fair to the North, to the center, and to the
South. Some are afraid that, after it starts on the
Missouri river, it will berid southward, and get
into the valley of the Eio Grande, and perform a
very great circuit before finding its way to San
Francisco. Sir, if it should take that course, I
do not know what reason a northern man could
have for objecting to it. It will only draw trade
from that southern region up to your northern
roads and your northern cities. If it goes due
west, it keeps on the great central belt, and will
not divert trade either way. If it made a circuit
to the north, with a sou them termination, it might
draw northern trade down south; but 1 am sur-
prised to find a northern man afraid of this south-
ern curve. I do not wish any limits either at the
north or the south.
If there is to be but one road, let it be central
in its eastern and western terminus, and let it
follow the best route between the termini. I am
willing to leave the marking of that route to the
contractors who invest their capital in the work;
I am not willing to leave it to the political action
of this Government. I am willing to leave it,to
those who invest their capital, their fortune, and
have an interest to keep the road upon the best
line. If the best line shall be found to be due
westward, through the gold mines of Kansas and
the Great Basin to California, let it take that
route; if the best route shall be found to be down
through Arizona, let it go there; if the best route
shall be found to be up the Missouri river, to
Puget Sound, let it take that course; if, on the
other hand, the best route shall be found, and I
am not prepared to say that it will not be, from
the Missouri river to Albuquerque, and tln-.nce,
on the thirty-fifth parallel, to theTejon Pass,and
thence to San Francisco, let it take that route.
The amendment now proposed is to exclude
on the south the Arizona route and also the Al-
buquerque route; and on the north to exclude all
beyond the forty-third parallel, and confine the
line between the limits of the thirty-seventh and
forty-third parallels.# Sir, I am unwilling thus to
limit it. 'By confining it to the thirty-seventh
parallel on the south, and thus excluding the Al-
buquerque route, it may turn out that you have
excluded the best one that ought to be adopted.
The information I get is that there is probably
more good soil, more of timber, of water, of those
elements that would sustain a railroad, along the
thirty-fifth parallel, than there are to be found
either on the Arizona route or on the extreme
northern route, and I am notcertain but that there
is more than on any of the routes. I will not
affirm that there is; but the evidence before us
would not justify me in affirming that the thirty-
fifth parallel has not more of the elements to sus-
tain a road than any other. If it has, if it is the
cheapest, if it is the most eligible, why not allow
the contractors to pursue it?
But, sir, I see a reason of policy as well as of
justice, against this amendment. It strikes out
those three routes that have friends in both
branches of Congress. If this can prevail, and
knock off the support of the friends of those
routes, the bill is dead. It is an ingenious device
to kill the bill. I do not say it is offered with that
motive. If it is offered with that motive, it is *
