334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
because the memberofferingit thinks the bill ought
to be killed. I impeach no mail's motives in the
proceeding; but the friends of the Pacific railroad
ought to be cautious how they are caught in a
trap which, when sprung, destroys the project.
If this restriction is pat upon it, I* look upon the
bill as dead. I hope, therefore, the friends of the
, Pacific railroad will vote down this and all other
amendments which are calculated to drive from
the measure men who wish to support it, without
improving the bill in its features. Amendments
offered with a view to perfect the bill, are legiti-
mate and proper; but those which have the effect
not to improve it, but to drive support from it, I
think its friends ought to discourage.
1 desire to see this road made. I entertain no
doubt as to our power under the Constitution to
pass this bill. I am not going to enter into that
grave constitutional question, so ably discussed
by my friends from Missouri and Mississippi,
about the power to make internal improvements
by this Government under that clause of the Con-
stitution which gives you the right to pass all
laws necessary and proper to carry the granted
powers into effect. It is sufficient for my purpose,
so far as this bill is concerned, that no man in
eaher branch of Congress questions the right of
Congress to make a con tract for carrying the mail
from Washington city to Richmond, by railroad,
or by four-horse post-coaches, or on horseback,
or by such other means of conveyance as the lav/
may prescribe. All this bill provides is, that a
contract shall be made for the transportation of
the mails, munitions of war, and Government sup-
plies, from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean
by railroad. This bill does not propose to con-
struct a railroad, but only to contract for trans-
portation on the road when it shall be constructed.
The contractor is to furnish his own road, the
same as mail contiactors throughout the States
furnish their own i oads. their own cars, their own
horses, or their own coaches, as the case may be;
thdfcame, too, as your contractors on ocean steam
lines furnish their own ships. It is a contract,
for transportation, and not for the construction
of the road.
But it may be said that here we advance money
to be repaid in transportation, to enable the con-
tractors to construct their load and build cars,
with which to carry on the transportation. Yes,
and in your ocean steam lines you advanced
money to help the contractors to build the ships
with which to cany your mails on the ocean. So
in the case of your Army transportation, you carry
out the same principle, i am not going to argue
the wisdom of that policy. , 1 only say that tins
bill involves the same principle which you have
applied to every branch of the public service, from
the beginning of the Government to this day,
simply pioposing to contract for the transporta-
tion of the mail, Army and Navy supplies, muni-
tions of war, and other public service, designating
by what conveyance ttiey shall be transported,
leaving thu coniiactor to furnish the means of
transportation, and you making advances, in or-
der to enable him to be in a condition to perform
the contract. That is all the ; nnciple there is
involved.;and until my friends who have charge
of the finances of the county, and the military
affairs, and the naval affairs, and the mails of the
country, bhall find out that the contracts for tians-
portauon in those various departments are sub-
versive of the Constitution of the country, I am
willing to rest the right to pass this bill on the
same system of policy.
Then, sir, why should we not make this road ?
The military aiguim-nt has been fully and ably
developed; the commercial argument has been also
poi trayed here; all the advantages have been fully
explained to the donate: all agree that we ought
to have the road. Then, why can we not unite
on a bill for the purpose of making it? Simply
because there are jealousies of section against sec-
tion. Su , 1 agrte that, if there are to be two roads,
one should be at the north and the other at the
south. If there ate to be three, let one be at the
noith, one at the south, and one in the center.
If there is to be but one, let it be so central ua to
give no undue advantages either to the North or
to the South. If yon make it central at lis termini,
and it shall vary either way between those ter-
mini, that variation will be owing to the topog-
raphy and geography of the country, and not to
our legislation. I am willing to trust the location
on such a line as those who invest their fortunes
in it shall indicate.
Sir, I will not detain the Senate by an argument
on this question I shall regard the votes about
to be taken as conclusive of the fate of the bill. I
hope it is not to be lost. I hope that we are to
have a road, and that the initiatory steps are to
be taken at this session of Congress. I will not
relinquish that hope until I shah find that the bill
j is absolutely dead.
ft Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, the Senator
ji from Texas [Mr. Houston] has thought proper,
in the plenitude of his wisdom and generosity,
to deliver a lecture to me for what he calls my
disunion sentiments; and he has thought proper
to designate or characterize what I had the honor
to say the other day on this floor as treason.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all. I had no refer-
ence to you in that remark.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator remarked that,
in 1S24, when he heard the questio'n of disunion
discussed in the House of Representatives, he
considered it treason, and it sounded very much
in that light as he heard it at the present time.
• Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; 1 said the man ought
to have been crucified. That was the expression.
Mr. IVERSON. I understand. That is a
difference betwixt tweedledum and tweedledee.
Now, sir,.I have expressed no desire to dissolve
this Union. 1 utterly deny that I am in favor of
a dissolution of the Union I am for the Union
as long as it is administered according to the in-
tentions of those who made it. I am for a Union
that administers equality to ail the States. I am
for a Union that gives to every section equal rights,
and promotes the honor and the interest of all sec-
tions alike. Such a Union as that I would defend,
respect, and revere; but for a Union administered
upon a-sectional basis, a Union administered by
the demon of abolitionism, a Union that would
make one section ermge to another, a Union that
would sacrifice the rights and interests and honor
of one section to promote those of another—such
a Union as that i would crush into atoms, and
trample under my foot as I would the veriest rep-
tile that crawls on the face of the earth. Such a
Union may suit the Senator from Texas. Sir, if
we consider his antecedents, and his present
speech, I suppose that that is the Union that would
be to hU liking.
The Senator talks about the Union, and sings
hosarmas in its praise. I have heard those songs
sung before; and I must say that 1 have never heai d
them sung by a southern man without suspecting
at once that his eye was upon the Presidency of
the United States. It may require a great deal of
charity, looking at the antecedents of that Sena-
tor, and the remarks he has made here to-day, to
suppose, although his political life is about to
end, that he has not lost sight of that long and
lingering hope of his—the great folly of his life.
Sir, it is this very intensity of feeling which the
Senator from Texas has so long exhibited for the
Union, over and at the sacrifice of tin; interests
of his own section, that the people of his State
have decided to put him into retirement; and for
one. 1 cannot but rejoice at that decision.
Sir, the Senator undertakes to speak for the
South, and he disclaims the idea which I pre-
sented the other day, that on the happening of
certain contingencies the South would dissolve
the Union, or more States than one would take
steps for separation. The Senator has no right
to speak for his State on the subject. His State
has not reposed its confidence m him. His State
has repudiated him upon this floor, because of
the intensity of feeling which he ha^ exhibited in
favor of the Union, at the sacrifice of the interest
and honor of his own section.
That is my reading of the voice of the people
of Texas upon the fate of the Senator. I do not
speak for the State of Texas, or any other State
in the South, except my own State, in relation to
its opinions upon the anti-slavery agitation. 1
claim to know something about the opinions of
the people of Georgia. The people of Texas may
differ from them; but I should say that upon the
very question of that Senator's election to the Seri-
ate, the decision of his own State has been made
agiinst him.
1 do not pretend to say, nor have I ever said,
that the State of Georgia or any'other southern
State would go out of this Union for any other
cause than a decided and unequivocal expression
of the northern States that they intended to put
down slavery by the action of the Federal Gov-
ernment. Whenever the northern States by the
election of a President with declarations of hos-
tility against slavery in his mouth, come into the
administration of tne Government, or whenever
they in any otherform declare their determination
to sacrifice the institution of slavery at the South
by the action of the Federal Government, then
I do claim that the South will dissolve the Union,
and ought to dissolve the Union. The Senator
from Texas will find himself greatly mistaken if
he attempts upon an occasion of that sort to hold
back his own State from that glorious and manly
work.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia allow me to put a single in-
quiry to him ? *
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That inquiry is simply
this, whether the honorable Senator can name
any prominent member of the Republican party
in the United States who ever proposed on any
occasion by the action of the General Govern-
ment of the United States* to interfere with the
institution of slavery in the States?
Mr. IVERSON. I know very well that the
generality of the politicians in the northern States
disclaim any such idea; but what is that ? Noth-
ing but froth; nothing but pretense. I have no
faith in any such declaration. J look at the acts
of the northern people, and not at their pledges
and declarations. The distinguished Senator from
New York, in his Rochester speech, declared that
the institution of slavery or the free institutions
of the North, one or the other, was to be sacri-
ficed; either one or the other must give way; and
how? How, if not by the action of the Federal
Government? la what other way is slavery to
give way to free institutions, except by the action
of the Federal Government? He said that they
are antagonistical principles, which cannot exist
together, and that slavery must be carried over
the free States,or else slavery must be extinguished
in the slave States.
Nobody pretends to suppose that the Senator
from New York was in earnest when he intimated
that the slave States would insist on having sla-
very established in the northern States. The Sen-
ator fiom New York has too much good sense to
suppose that the South would ever insist on any
such thing. They never have insisted on it, and
they never will insist on it up to the last day of
time. That was all humbug on the part of the
Senator from New York. No man of common
sense can suppose that the slave States will ever
insist that the northern States shall establish sla-
very within their borders. No, sir; when he de-
clared that these two institutions were antagonis-
tical and fatal to each other, and that one must
give way to the other, he meant that slavery
should be abolished, and nobody of common
sense can misunderstand him; and that is what I
understand to be the deternnnatioirof the people
of the northern States, if they get the control of
the Government. There are many ways, as I
intimated the other day, in which slavery can be
abolished by the action of the Federal Govern-
ment, even under the Constitution as it now ex-
ists; but when the northern States shall get the
control of every department of this Government,
when they shall have fifteen, or twenty, or thirty
more free States added to this Union, they can
amend the Constitution to suit their own purpo-
ses as they choose, and what is to prevent them
from accomplishing that?
Sir, I believe, as well as I believe in my own
existence, that it is the settled design of the Re-
publican party of the northern States to break
down and destroy the institution of slavery in the
southern States at all and every hazard. That I
believe conscientiously; and I think the anteced-
4 ents of that paity, and its present condition and
' avowals, clearly point to this fatal end; and when-
j ever I see—and I believe my people will sanction
I what I say—this determination evinced by the
' people of the northern States, in any act which
gives them the power to carry out this scheme,
then I am willing to take time by the forelock,
and go out of the Union before we shall be so
weak that we shall not be able to resist the ag-
gressions of the northern States. These are my
sentiments. I did not rise to say half so much
as I have said.
