1416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
gress. I do not bring that charge against your
party in particular.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. That is right.
Mr. SCOTT. I am fair in all that I say. But
I say that it is a very singular thing—&nd if I had
the statistics here I could prove it—that \vhen you
are retrenching and putting the pruning-knife to
all these expenditures, my State sutfers.nine times
as much as any othe,r State in this Confederacy.
The Committee of Ways and Means, in the first
instance, cut down the estimates fifty per cent.,
and then when the bill "comes before the House,
the House applies the,pruning-knife still further,
and seeks to cut down the reduced estimates of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Now, the estimate of the Secretary of the Navy
for this navy-yard is $406,000. The Committee
of Ways and Means have reduced it to $233,000,
and now the gentleman from Ohio proposes to
cut it down to $20,000, and the gentleman from
New York says that the whole of it ought to be
done away with/
Now, it seems to me that it would be very
p.oor economy, when the Government has spent
millions on this navy-yard and it is in a complete
state, if, for want of the paltry sum of $233,000,
we sacrifice these improvements.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I have no partic-
ular feeling in regard to the California navy-yard.
There are some reasons which might induce ap-
propriations for that yard which do not apply to
other yards.
But I desire to call the attention of the'eommit-
tee to the fact that of the appropriations made for
this year, the following sums are still unexpended
and will be expended during the next fiscal year:
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, $20,000; Boston,
$75,000; New York, $80,000; Philadelphia,
123,000; Washington, $50,000; Norfolk,$20,000;
Pensacola, $70,000; Mare Island, $50,000. It
will thus be seen that, according to the estimates
submitted to us by the head of the bureau, there
will be $388,000 of the appropriation made for
this fiscal year, unexpended at the end of the
year; and, if you add to that $120,000 that I pro-
pose to appropriate, it makes over half a million
dollars; and it seems to me thatthat is enough to
get along with during the next year.
Mr. fHELPS, of Missouri. 1 desire to call
the attention of the gentleman from Ohio to the
note appended to that table.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
this amendment.
The amendment offered by Mr. Scott was not
agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I propose to strike out the
amount of one dollar from the appropriation.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] m referring to the amount re-
maining unexpended in the Treasury, would, I
should suppose, bring the period of those ex-
Fenditures up to the close of the fiscal year. Now,
ask whether these appropriations are not made
for specific purposes, and whether they will not
be required to pay for expenditures, or rather,
for debts contracted in pursuance of the estimates
of last year?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will answer the
gentleman that the amount appropriated last year
was too much. Those are unexpended balances
on hand. The Committee of Ways and Means
tell us that those unexpended balances will be
sufficient to complete the works in process of con-
struction, so that the appropriation we arc now
asked to make is for the construction of new woiks.
That is an additional reason why the amendment
I have offeied should be adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, let the gentle-
man's explanation go for what it is worth. I am
for this entire appropriation for the leasons which
I gave somewhat elaborately yesterday. Hut,
allow me to say, that I was very much struck by
the refreshing character of the proposition made
by the gentlemen from New York who spoke
here yesterday, [Messrs. Sickles and Clark.J
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I use to a ques-
tion of order. If we are ever to finish this bill,
gentlemen must confine themselves to the amend-
ments offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the re-
marks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania are !
not within the spmt or letter of the role. The {
rule requires the gentleman to confine his temm ks I
to showing why the amount should be increased
one dollar.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am just now doing that.
I desire that it shall be increased one dollar, and
I would have it increased $1,000,000 upon the
same principle. The Chair understands that it is
one of those pro forma amendments which gives
the right to speak upon the bill under considera-
tion; desiring, as I do, to promote the efficiency
of the Navy of the country, by the appropriation
of the whole amount contained in the bill, and not
to break up the navy-yards of the country, as I
tell gentlemen will be done, if the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio is voted in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I ask that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania shall be confined in his remarks to
the amendment he has offered. I repeat, that
unless the rule is enforced, we shall never get
through the consideration of this bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman did not
confine these gentlemen from New York, yester-
day, strictly to the rule; and now I ask that 1
may be allowed the same privilege in replying to
the remarks then made.
The CHAIRMAN. The House adopted a
rule closing debate upon this bill at a particular
time. That time has passed; and the general
subjects of the bill are not before the committee
for debate. The rule under which the committee
is now acting upon this bill is, that any gentle-
man proposing an amendment may have five min-
utes to explain that amendment. The Chair
thinks the gentleman from Pennsylvania was not,
within the spirit of the rule, speaking upon the
amendment offered by him.
Mr. FLORENCE. That amendment was to
add an additional dollar to the appropriation.
Very well. I will endeavor to confine myself to
that amendment. 1 desire that that additional
dollar shall be appropriated to accomplish the
work which it is necessary should be done at
these several navy-yards. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Clark] yesteiday proposed to
abolish the navy-yards at Philadelphia, Boston,
and Brooklyn.
The other gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sickles] proposed to abolish the navy-yard at
Philadelphia. Now, I would suggest to these
gentlemen that they may practically accomplish
their purpose by adopting the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] The ef-
fect of that amendment will be to close up these
navy-yards; and the proposition struck me as pe-
culiarly refreshing, as coming from them. The
gentleman over the way [Mr. Clark] said the
South ought to have these navy-yards. Why,
let me ask the gentleman where is the practical
mechanic, to be found in thatregion referred
to yesterday as the Brunswick navy-yard in the
district of thegentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Sew-
ard ?] Are there any workshops there ? Have
they floating-docks, or stone-docks? Is there any
one down there who has experience in ship build-
ing or the construction of vessels of war? Are all
the woikshops of the Government in Massachu-
setts, New York, Pennsylvania,Virginia, and the
District of Columbia, to be closed up? Are the
merry ringing of the anvils and the loud sounds of
the pounding hammer to be recklessly arrested,
and the men who toil barely for their subsistence
to bo thrown upon the cold charities of the world;
they, the wives of their bosoms, and their little
ones, to starve? Forbid it, Heaven! Avert this
evil, then, gentlemen, if you are patriots, and your
hearts sympathize with the workingman and the
mechanic, many of whom, no doubt, aided in
placing some of you in the power you now exer-
cise, and whose brawny arms are always ready to
defend you, yours, or the honor of the country,
whenever it may be invaded or assailed. The
men of toil are those who, when the tocsin of
war is sounded, rush to the rescue, shoulder their
musket, sling their knapsack on, and follow, to
the shrill notes of the merry fife, and the spirit-
stirring roll of the martial drum, the waving stars
and stripes to the battle-field. The comforts of
home aie abandoned for a time; the smile of many
a dear wife is hidden; and the ringing laugh of
little children are all given up for their country's
cause. These are the men whom I speak for; let
them be* protected here. They need it, and de-
serve it.
[Heie the hammer fell. J
INjlr. FLORENCE. Does the gentleman know
that the South cannot produce 
[Cries of " Order!" " Order !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is out, and he cannot proceed
with his remarks.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Is it in order
to offer an amendment at this time?
The CHAIRMAN. Not while the amendment
of thegentleman from Pennsylvania is undisposed
of.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I propose to amend by insert-
ing after " Mare Island, California,97 the words,
" Brunswick, Georgia." My object is to offer
some remarks upon this amendment affecting my
own State and my own district., In 1857, a oaval
depot was established at Blythe Island, Georgia,
by a vote in this House of fifty-six majority, and
by a two-thirds vote in the Senate, after it had
been discusscd for months, and after estimates
had been sent in here from the proper Department
for carrying out and completing the works there.
Now, I desire that, in whatever moneys are ap-
propriated in thi/3 bill for, the benefit of navy-
yards and naval depots, Georgia shall receive
some benefit.
In alluding to this question, I will just refer to
another fact. It has been industriously circulated
amongst some men here, hostile to the carrying
on of this work, that Thurlow Weed was inter-
ested in the property which was sold to the Gov-
ernment on Blythe Island. Now, sir, such is not
the fact. Thurlow Weed never owned a dollar's
worth of property there; but if he did, he had the
right to hold it, and that is no argument against
this amendment.
Again, Mr. Chairman, it has been stated that
we have got a good harbor at Blythe Island, with
eighteen feet, at low water, across the bar, and
twenty-six feet at high tide, it is near one of the
finest forests in the world, and there is now a rail-
road penetrating that forest, so as to make it
available. It is accessible to the finest live-oak
timber, and accessible by railroad and water com-
munication to the finest granite. And then, sir,
it is the healthiest location, in my opinion, upon
our whole, coast.
A Member. Do they have the " yellow jack"
there'
Mr. SEWARD. No,sir. In 1854, when the
yellow fever prevailed to such an extentin Charles-
ton and Savannah, when it prevailed in the im-
mediate neighboihood to the East and West,
Brunswick was not effected at all by that disease.
There never has been an epidemic there, neither
yellow fever nor small pox, nor any other epi-
demic. There is a high pine bluff running down
to the salt water. There are no fresh water, no
swamps, no marshes. Independent of that, there
are no coast defenses for nearly two thousand
miles from Norfolk, Virginia, to Pensacola, Flor-
ida. New Brunswick occupies an important posi-
tion eastward from the Gulf of Mexico.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SEWARD, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I move to re-
duce the amount appropriated by the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio for the Brooklyn
navy-yard from £20,000 to $10,000.
Mr, Chairman, I have no particular hostility to
the Navy or to the maintenance of navy-yards
at the proper points, when the business of those
yards is performed with fidelity to the public
sci vice. But, in my judgment, the Brooklyn navy-
yard has outlived its usefulness as a public insti-
tution. The evidence before the special commit-
tee, upon the tables of members, shows the fact
that the patronage of that yard has been, for the
past year or two, farmed out amongst the Dem-
ocratic Representatives of the various city con-
gressional districts. That navy-yard has grown
simply to be a rccruitmg station for the Demo-
cratic party.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I raise the ques-
tion of order that the gentleman's remarks are not
pertinent to the amendment.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I submit that
they are. I propose enough to preserve the pub-
he property there from decay.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks thegen-
tleman is in order in giving his reasons for the
