1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1417
proposed reduction. He is in order in showing
how the appropriation has been improperly ex-
pended.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. That evidence
discloses that the superintendent and master build-
ers in charge of the Federal work are simply re-
cruiting sergeants for the Democratic party. Itdis-
closesanotherremarkablefact, thatthedemand for
public labor increase just in proportion to the exi-
gencies of the Democratic party; that the number
of employes begins to increase about the dog-days,
and it culminates about the ides of November.
The number declines down to the lowest point
during the recess, when these laborers are not re-
quired for political purposes. X conceive that this
sort of institution is very necessary to sustain
the Democratic party m the free States; but my
objection is that they should not be supported out
of the Federal Treasury. They are private, and
not public,' institutions. If the Democratic party
require them they ought to put their hands into
their own pockets, ana not that of the Govern-
ment, to pay for them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
ENROLLED BILLS.
The committee informally rose, and
. Mr. PrKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled, bills of the following titles:
An act giving the assent of Congress to a law
of the Missouri Legislature, for the application of
the reserved two percent, land fund of that State;
and
An act making an appropriation for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1860;
When the Speaker signed the same.
The committee then resumed its session, and
the consideration of the
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Chairman, this is not the
first time that the Brooklyn navy-yard has been
selected as a point of attack from the other side of
the House. I have looked around, and do not see
the gentleman who may be regarded more espe-
cially as the Representative of the district where
that yard is situated, and who would doubtless
embrace the opportunity to give the committee the
facts; but in his absence I will do it.
I will say to my colleague, that the practice to
which he refers of distributing the patronage of
these navy-yards, somewhat under political in-
fluences, has been the uniform practice at all of
these yards, under Democratic, as well as Oppo-
sition Administrations. I will go further, and state
upon information which I consider reliable, that
the practice of rotating subordinates, to wit, the
master workmen in these yards, was initiated
under an Opposition Administration—1 refer to the
administration of General Taylor, when for the
first time, the workmen in the Brooklyn navy-
yard were superseded for political reasons. The
fact was true, probably, with regard to other
navy-yards.
The gentleman says thai extraordinary activity
was observable in the Brooklyn navy-yard in
October and November, and he would insinuate
thut that had some connection with the election in
New York, in November. If he is ignorant of
the fact, and he ought not to be, I will tell linn
that the same increased activity was observable
in all of the navy-yards upon the Atlantic coast.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Undoubtedly.
Mr. SICKLES. It was because Congress had
directed the fitting out of an expedition against
Paraguay, with ail possible dispatch, to protect
the honor and the interests of this country; and
let me say that elections were not going on m the
States where these other navy-yards were located.
Work was going on at Peasacola and Norfolk
and elsewhere. *
Mr. ADRAIN. Why, then, was Commodore
Kearney removed from the Brooklyn navy-yard ?
Mr. SICKLES. He was not removed for any
political reason, or because any exception was
taken to his administration of the yard.
Mr. A DRAIN. 1 understood he was removed
because he would not malre the changes demanded
i'f him by the Administration.
JSJ r. SICKLES. He was superseded and sum-
moned to Washington, because his experience
and his services were more desirable here than at
the Brooklyn navy-yard.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I ask this
question of the gentleman 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
The question was taken; and Mr. Cochrane's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out $15,000, and insert-
ing, in lieu thereof, $120,499, so as to make the
clause read—
For the navy-yard at Philadelphia, §120,493.
I am in favor of the retention of the sum rec-
ommended by the Committee of Ways and Means
for the reason that the public service absolutely
requires this appropriation to carry on the pur-
poses of the Government there. I am for giving
to labor all that it is entitled tg: In makiog these
appropriations for the naval service, some con-
sideration ought to be given to the mechanics and
workingmen of the country who are usually em-
ployed in-these navy-yards. Gentlemen on the
other side say that these are private institutions,
and that they are used .for political purposes. I
would almost wish that we could come back to
that day when they were not. But I say here,
and I proclaim it defiantly and truthfully, that
the first effort ever made to proscribe, if you
choose to call it so, nfen for the exercise of their
political opinions, in theiiavy-yards, commenced
under the administration of General Taylor. I
believe that, up to that time, there never was an
attempt to coerce a man for the exorcise of an
opinion, or to compel him to vote contrary to his
political opinions. I deprecate it. I say to gen-
tlemen here that, if the public service did not
require any navy-yards, or the labor of men at
them, I would not vote for it; but, inasmuch as
the public necessities require the appropriation of
this sum, I offer the amendment m good faith,
conscientiously believing it to be right.
It was remarked, yesterday, that the men work-
ing in the navy-yards were vagabonds; and other
opprobrious epithets were applied to them. It is
no unusual thing, except just about election time,
to call poor, working men, vagabonds. I do not
intend to take issue with gentlemen on that point,
at this time. I may, if I have time, hereafter. If
it be true in regard to the navy-yards in the dis-
tricts with which they are connected, it is not
true in respect to the Philadelphia navy-yard.
No such cattle occupy its piecincts. [Laughter.]
Most generally, working men arc called vaga-
bonds by those who were raised into power by
them. The sympathies of, at least, one of these
gentlemen has been exercised publicly for the poor
man. Does he withdraw his appeal made in their
behalf?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, that,
in his opinion, all pro forma amendments for the
purpose of making speeches, are out of order.
The Chair will also state, that it is impossible for
the Chair to restrain gentlemen who offer amend-
ments merely for the purpose of letting off a
speech.
Mr. FLORENCE. I stand accountant for no
such sin. I make few speeches; and not any ex-
cept those, in my judgment, of a practical kind, i
1 have never, in eight years' service in this |
House, to my recollection, made a mere political j
speech. I am speaking, now, upon the subject j
under consideration, to the purpose, in my hum- ;
ble judgment. I want to keep the American Navy ;
afloat, I want the workshops of the Government
to be kept up. I want labor to have its fair share; !
and I desire to secure to the working man a fair
day's wages for a fair day's work, by these ap-
propriations. Who will speak for the mechanic
and laborer here? Echo answers, " Who?" I
say to gentlemen, that some of them will be held
to a most rigid accountability and responsibility.
They ought to be. The enure vote nearly, with
rare and honorable exceptions, are arrayed against
the labor of the Atlantic cities. Can they face
their constituents without shame ? I am inclined
to think not!
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I lise to oppose
the amendment of the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania; and 1 desire, before proceeding to
the consideration of the subject, to give expres-
sion to the surprise that I have always felt that
gentlemen on this floor should imagine that some-
thing of advantage accrues to their constituents
because, perchance, they can procure a location
in their midst of a custom-house, or navy-yard,
or marine hospital, or something' of that kind.
Sir, I entirely differ in opinion from, gentlemen
who entertain any such ideas. I believe that every
dollar of Federal money that is expended unneces-
sarily within a State paralyzes, to that extent,
State rights and State dignity; add, being-a State-
rights Democrat, I ana opposed to it. Sir, I wish
sincerely that the Government of the United States
did not own one dollar's- worth of property in the
city of New York. I happen to live there, sir, and
within two miles from my residence from three to
four million dollars of the Federal revenue is ex-
pended. Perhaps one fourth of it is wasted, per-
haps more, perhaps less. But I know that our
community suffers from the cause. It has demor-
alized our politics; it has demoralized our people.
At the very hour that I speak. Federal patronage
controls our political conventions, and overrides
our municipality; and that great city of New York,
with her vast intelligence and wealth, is overborne
by a political vagabondism and profligacy which
I believe to be the result—the direct and imme-
diate result—of this large and, in many instances j
unnecessary expenditure of the public money.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence]
has referred to the remarks that I submitted yes-
terday, touching the question of the necessity of
a navy-yard at Philadelphia. I should like to
have him, by and by, answer me this question:
would he—I put it to him on his honor—vote to
establish a navy-yard at Philadelphia, were the
establishment of one at that place an open ques-
tion ? I will further ask him to say whether, if
he did not represent that navy-yard district, ha
would not now vote to abolish that navy-yard,
which the intelligent sentiment of this House pro-
nounces to be altogether unnecessary ? Sir, it is
for his benefit; it is for the benefit of men situated
as he is, and as I am, that I am strenuous and
sincere on this subject. If we could get rid of
these navy-yards and other patronage establish-
ments in his district and mine, it would improve
his politics; it might improve mine. Yes,and it
would improve his style of oratory, graceful as
it is. [Laughter.] We should no longer hear
him uttering the sentiments to which he gave ex-
pression yesterday about poor men, and about
giving employment to poor men. Does npt the
gentleman know that it is not in accordance with
the creed of the Democratic party, or the theory
of our Government, that the Government should
give employment to poor men, or attempt to im-
prove, by gifts, or by its patronage, the condition
of either rich or poor. The principles of sound
Democracy require that men should maintain
themselves by honest industry. Democratic ■poli-
tics is not something to eat.
When I heard my friend allude so touchingly
and eloquently to poor men, and the giving of
employment to poor men, I was reminded how
it is just that sort of sentiment which, in times
when the industry of a people becomes paralyzed,
sometimes inspires the mob to tear down the
houses of the wealthy. It is that same spirit
which may light the torch of revolution, and bring
down anarchy upon the ruins of constitutional
government. I never like to hear such eloquence
lierc. -I never like to hear it anywhere. And
you would never hear it, if gentlemen on this floor
were not tiammelcd by the existence, in their
immediate neighborhoods of these pest-houses,
these schools of fraud and larceny, these spots
from which issue bands of mercenaries to invade
and destroy the political liberties of a people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Florence's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
committee take a recess till seven o'clock.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 hope the com-
mittee will continue in session. I thought there
was an understanding among members that the
committee would remain and sit the bill out.
Mr. WINSLOW. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, not pro forma, but in good faith. I move
to amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, by striking out " $20,000 "m the appropri-
ation for the New York navy-yard,and inserting
in lieu thereof, " $146,450 00."
Mr. Chairman, the project of the gentleman
