6
TEE .CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
January 12.
ment. It would create a kind of generous rivalry,
80 to speak, between the committees of thisHouse.
If the Committee of Ways and Means were com-
pelled to report their bills with the understanding
that all the items were to be examined by another
committee, both committees would be careful
what items they would report; and each would be
held responsible for any increase of expenditure
recommen&d by them. I have no doubt that the
tendency would be to decrgase the expenditures
of the Government. As this is a mere question
of reference, and I do not fhink that debate to
any greater length would throw light upon it; if
it be tile pleasure of the House, I will move the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to say
a single word in explanation of the vote which I
shall give on this question. I therefore ask the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw the call for the
previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. It seems to be the
general desire 'of the House to have the previous
question moved. If the House do not second the
call, the matter will be open for general discus-
sion.
Mr. GARNETT. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio, whether, in order to avoid the
dangers of the precedent, as ably set forth by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Me&ns yesterday, he will consent to a modifica-
tion of his resolution, so as to refer the bill to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to inquire whether
the appropriations contained in it can be reduced;
so as to limit the inquiry.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I think the gen-
tleman ought to be satisfied with the statement
which has been made here, by the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, that it is the pur-
pose not to increase the appropriations in the bill,
but to.examine it with a Aew to a reduction of
the expenditures.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw the call for the previous
question. I regard this as a very important ques-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I prefer to sub-
mit the matter to the sense of the House. A ma-
jority can vote down the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I hope the
House will vote down the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I call for tellers
on the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McQueen
and Chaffee were appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. It seems to be the
desire of gentlemen to engage in debate, and I
therefore withdraw the demand of the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have a single
woid to say in explanation of the vote which I
feci obliged to give on this question. It is with
great reluctance that 1 differ from my friend from
Ohio, in whose good sense and wisdom I have
entire confidence. But my experience 111 this
House has convinced me that it would be very
unwise for us to adopt the system which lus mo-
tion would inaugurate. He inquires what is the
use of"the Naval Committee, and of the Military
Committee, and of other committees, if they are
not to have the reporting of appropriations. Sir,
what is to become of the Committee of Ways
and Means? what is to become of its functions
if it is to be transformed into a mere conduit for
passing the estimates from the different Depart-
ments through the House of Representatives into
these various committees for their action?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will answer that
question in a word. The Committee of Ways
and Means will have enough to do to furnish ways
and means to meet the appropriations contained
in these bills, even when reduced to a lower stand-
ard. They have questions of tariff, of loans, of
Treasury notes, of revenue, and of ways and
means, enough to occupy two committees of this
House until the close of the session.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means is a committee of ways
and means. It is the committee which has charge-
of the budget, if i may so speak. There must
be some one organ in this House in connection
or in communication with the Departments of the
Government, and the Committee of Ways and
Means is that organ. If the Committee of Ways
and Means, as now constituted, ia not the proper
one, yoy must make a better one. There must
be some committee which shall have before it all
the estimates for all the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, otherwise there would be infinite con-
fusion here. Suppose that instead of one Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, you have seven or
eight; suppose that you refer appropriations, in
reference to the coast survey, light-houses, &c.,
to the Committee on Commerce; appropriations
in reference to courts and the judiciary, to the
Committee on the Judiciary; appropriations in
reference to the Army, to the Military Commit-
tee; Indian affairs, to the Indian Committee; ap-
propriations in reference to the Territories, to
the Territorial Committee; and- so on with all
the committees; you will have all these commit-
tees acting independently ofeach other, with only
the estimates before them, each for its own de-
Eartment, each of tbem caring mainly for its own
ranch of the service,with no unity and no knowl-
edge of what the other committees are doing, or
what the aggregate is to be. Now, sir, you know,
as does every .member who has been here for a
long time, that each of these committees is dis-
posed to enlarge and magnify its own business—
that it makes its own subject-matter its pet. The
Committee on Naval Affairs takes good care of
the Navy, and the Committee on Military Affairs
takes right good care of the Army, and the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs of matters connected
with the Indians. Each committee, having no
knowledge of what the whole aggregate of the
expenditures is to amount to,would be solicitous
only to take pai ticular care of the particular matter
within its own jurisdiction.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if the natural result of this course of proce-
dure will not be to reduce the expenditures of
each Department of the Government to the lowest
reasonable amount; and, if that is not much, very
much, to be desired at this time, and in the future
of our 'Government ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Yes; I think
that a reduction of expenses is very much to be
desired, and very necessary; but it is my judg-
ment that the system proposed to be inaugurated
by the gentleman from Ohio will increase the ex-
penditures of the Government from twenty-five
to fifty per cent. 1 have not the slightest eai thly
doubt of that; and for that reason, among others,
I am opposed to this innovation.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not quite understand
the gentleman's answer. If it will decrease the
expenditures of the Government, is not that a
sufficient reason for a departure from the tech-
nical rule ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I say that if
you change the rules, and refer these bills to the
various committees, it will increase the expendi-
tures of the Government.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 understood you to say that
it would decrease the expenditures.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Oh, no, sir; I
have not the slightest doubt that it would increase
them. The Committee of Ways and Means has,
under the rules, no authority to originate legis-
lation.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to correct
the honorable gentleman from Maine. It is true
the rules of the House forbid the Committee of
Ways and Means to originate legislation; but we
know, as a fact, that there are propositions of
legislation often introduced into the appropria-
tion bills refeired to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and there is no oppor-
tunity of making the rule apply to the Committee
ofWaysand Means. They report a bill to the
House which is read twice by its title, and then,
without reading or debate, is referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House. It is then too late
to make the pointoforder. Another thing: I have
before me estimates for the support of the naval
service for one year of $13,500,000; and of that
amount, only between four and five million dol-
lars is explicitly provided for by law. The bal-
ance of that large amount is simply at the discre-
tion of Congress, and the amount may be varied
or withheld at our discretion. Less than five
million dollars of the amount reported on the na-
val bill are for salaries fixed by law.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Well, sir, if
the Committee of Ways and Means cannot obey
the rule, certainly nine or ten small Committees
of Ways and Means would not do it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I would remind
the gentleman that, when the Committee on Na-
val Affairs reports amendments, each amendment
is considered by itself, and apoint of order can be
madeo'n any amendment; and, if it be inconsistent
with the rules, it can be ruled out of order; but
we have not this check on the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The question
can be raised now, as it was by the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Branch] the "other
day, whether the bills reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means contain anything not in ac-
cordance with existing law; and if so, such pro-
visions would be ruled out of order. So, Mr.
Speaker, I think there is nothing whatever in that
idea.
Besides, sir, if you have ten committees to
whom the appropriation bills are to be referred,
you will find in practice that nearly all the gen-
eral legislation of the House will be ingrafted
upon the appropriation bills. Each committee
having some object to accomplish by general le-
gislation, will seek to ingraft it upon the appro-
priation bills reported by the committee, as the
only \vay"to obtain acLion; and all these commit-
tees interested, uniting in giving a construction to
the rules, will be enabled to load the appropria-
tion bills with general and independentlegislation.
That will be the effect of it; and besides, we shall
have these eight or ten committees, with their
different appropriation bills, all seeking the floor
at the same time, and there will be infinite con-
fusion.
I agree with the gentleman from Ohio in the
object he desires to accomplish. The object is
right, and ought to be effected. But I know, and
I think no man who lias had much experience
here can doubt, that the proposed change will
introduce inextricable confusion and increased
expenditures. I will not say that the Committee
on Naval Affairs will not reduce the appropria-
tions in this bill, but the inauguration of the pro-
posed system will give to each committee the
charge of several appropriation bills, and the re-
sult will be an increase of the appropriations in
the aggregate. But more than that; under the
rules of the House, as they now are, all that the
gentleman from Ohio desires to accomplish can
be now done. All that is necessary is, that these
rules should be observed and lived up to. Under
those rules these committees have jurisdiction of
the question now; and they have jurisdiction also
by the reference of that portion of the Piesident's
message which relates to the subject of the Navy
to the'Committee on Naval Affairs; and, if it will
do its duty, it can now, just as well as it can
under the proposed change, consider every fea-
ture. of the appropriation bill; and when the bill
is referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where it must go, it will be
subject to amendment. Then the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] the chairman of theCom-
mitteeon Naval Affairs, or my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] may rise in his place, and state
that he is mstiucted by his committee to report
certain amendments, and those amendments will
be in order and must be acted on. So it is only
necessary ,Jn order to accomplish the object, that
the Committee on Naval Affairs should perform
its duties as they are bound to do under the pres-
ent rules of the House. In that way every ad-
vantage and benefit the gentleman desires can be
obtained, and I think it is best for us to suggest to
that committee, and all the committees, that they
shall attend to the duties with which theyaie
charged, and not undertake to destroy the entile
functions of the Committee of Ways and Means
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Maine says the Committee on Naval Affairs
have already jurisdiction of this subject. It so,
what objection can there be to allowing the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to have before them, and
referred to them, a bill upon which they are to
report amendments' Why is it that the gentle-
man is opposed to referring this bill to that com-
mittee, so that they may have the bill m older to
examine its details, and report amendments there-
to according to the rules of the House ?
But I deny that we have jurisdiction. We have
no right to act upon anything which is not re-
ferred to us. Un'ler the rules of the House, if
the Committee on Naval Affairs should undertake
to report amendments pro forma to a bill not
