1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
Mr. OLIN. I move to lay the appeal on the ■
table. j
Mr. SEWARD. I am notgoing to be dwarfed ■
here, and play mum when the rights of my con-
stituents are to be affected.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the gen-
tleman's proceeding. The Chair is sure that the
gentleman has no desire to violate the rules of the
House.
Mr. SEWARD. The Speaker seems to man-
ifest an impatience every time I desire to be heard.
Yet, sir, while that is so, other gentlemen are
heard for ten, fifteen,or twenty minutes, without
preventing them.
Several Members. "Order!"
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
.gentleman is not in order in debating the propo-
sition.
Mr. SEWARD. Let me say what I have to
say.
Mr. OLIN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must enforce the
rule. This is not a debatable question.
Mr. SEWARD. Rather than be trampled down
in what I consider my rights, I will resist this
movement. Let us see where it will end. I will
resist this gag if it defeats every appropriation
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is placed in a
painful position. He is called upon to enforce
order; and he trusts that gentlemen will see the
necessity of observing the rules adopted for the
government of the House. The Chair will hear
gentlemen so long as it is the pleasure of the House
to indulge them.
Mr. SEWARD. I am insisting on what I con-
sider my right. I thought I had a right to appeal
without giving offense to tlie Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has taken no of-
fense.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. FLORENCE. T demand the yeas and
nays on the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SEWARD moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope he
will insist on it.
Mr. SEWARD demanded tellers on the ad-
journment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SEW ARD. I move to lay the motion of
the gentleman from Missouri upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. BARR. I move to lay that appeal upon
the table.
Mr, SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays.
1 want to see how this thing works.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. 1 appeal to the gen-
tleman from Missouri to withdraw his motion.
We can get along much better.
Several Members. Oh, no!
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw his motion.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I only submitted
my motion to facilitate the business of the House. I
We spent yesterday debating this bill, and made j
no progress. I withdraw my mption; and I move j
the rules be suspended, and that the House re- !
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. SEWARD, I will do everything I can to
facilitate business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We will do
as we did yesterday, and consume the whole time !
in debate. I move the House adjourn. i
Mr. GROW. Let us take a recess until six I
o'clock. j
Several Members. Oh, no! I
The House divided; and there were—ayes 36,
noes 85.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Missouri to withdraw his motion, and let
us terminate the five minutes debate. We can-
not get through the bill unless that is done.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall object to it; for I will
not be gagged. I will see how this thing works.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The House will
see the necessity of terminating this debate and
voting. I therefore move to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rales were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself in to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the naval appropriation bill; the
question being on Mr. Florence's amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Sherman's
amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal to members of the
committee not to offer these pro forma amend-
ments; but let us go to work and do business.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. I propose to amend
the amendment by increasing the sum for Ports-
mouth , Ne w Hampshire, navy-yard, from ^10,000
to $20,000.
As I intend, Mr. Chairman, to vote against the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, I desire
to state, as briefly as I can, in the five minutes
allowed me,.a few of the reasons for the vote I
intend to give. In tbg first place, the Committee
of Ways an4 Means has giv,en this subject a care-
ful consideration, with every inducement to bring
the several sums reported down to as low a point
as the welfare of the service would permit. They
had the estimates of expenditure for each yard,
reported by the Secretary of the Treasury, be-
fore them. They then had Commodore Smith,
a very honest old sailor, and for a long time at
the head of the bureau of yards and docks, with
maps and plans of each yardbefore them, to point
out the various improvements, and to explain
their necessity; and after looking over the whole
subject, the estimates of the Department, I un-
derstand, they trimmed down the sum allowed
each yard, for the entire expense required to put
them in good working order, to as low an amount
as they thought it would bear. The amendment
under consideration proposes to reduce the amount
allowed the yards to about one ninth the sum rec-
ommended by the committee. Now I have, at
least, as much confidence in this unanimous rec-
ommendation of the committee, as I have in the
mere guess-work of any member of this body.
The amendment is not based on any exact knowl-
edge, any calculation, experience, or superior in-
formation on the subject; but is guess-work from
beginning to end. It does not propose to reduce
the amount reported a given percentage, applica-
ble alike to each yard, but arbitrarily puts down
$10,000 for one yard, $15,000 for another, $20,000
for artother, and so on through the list, without
a figure or a reason therefor that has any con-
nection with the wants of the service.
The reasons upon which this amendment must
rest have no foundation in economy. Economy
is not the purpose or intention of the mover, but,
as he expresses it, to "lay ail the yards up in
ordinary"for the coming year. This,ofcourse,
would not be economy in the end, but extrava-
gance, besides being a great inconvenience; for
wharves, piers, storehouses, work-shops, and
other buildings want to be built; buildings re-
moved and fitted up; boilers, machinery, tools,
and the thousand things wonted in yards, for con-
struction and repairs, are needed. But adopt this
amendment, and they must nearly all go over to
another year, and in the mean time the service
suffer the inconvenience of the delay. If, there-
fore, we want to keep our navy-yards in good
working order, and not suspend them, much more
is needed than is now proposed. The true reason,
then, is not an economical one, and we must look
for it further.
It has, no doubt, grown out of the develop-
ments just made by the investigating committee
of corruptions in the Brooklyn and Philadelphia
yards. These corruptions are monstious — a
shame and disgrace to all connected with them,
from the head of the Department down to the most
humble recipient of Government favor—and I de-
nounce it as a blot upon the country's honor; as
an evil and vice that must he remedied, or public
virtue and morality are gone. It is insufferable;
no honest man will defend or try to screen it, and
knaves dare not. But, sir, is the true remedy to
be found in partially closing up the yards and
stopping the public works? It is a remedy, to be
sure, but only temporary, and attended with much
delay, inconvenience, and loss. If corruption is
a sound reason for hanging up the navy-yards, or
placing them " in ordinary," the same argument
would suspend your custom-houses, ana every
branch of service where Government patronage is
bestowed on political favorites; and even the Gov-
ernment itself, for corruption, has run all through
it from center to circumference, poisoning its
limbs and heart. No, sir, this is not the true
remedy; and I pray you do not legislate under the
excitement and furor created here by the mon-
strous corruptions exposed by the investigating
committee. Just and hopeful for the future as
that excitement is, and I feel my full share of it,
it should not hurry and drive us to hasty and in-
considerate legislation, nor to punish the compar-
atively innocent yards for the crimes of Brooklyn
and Philadelphia. The true remedy must be
sought in careful legislation, regulating the duties
of all officers connected with the yards, and the
manner of employing labor in them, and fixing
heavy penalties for political proscription and in-
terference with the rights of suffrage; thus se-
curing an honest administration of them.
I have not made these remarks, Mr. Chairman,
because there happens to be a navy-yard in the
State of Maine. I would not tolerate or excuse
the slightest abuse on that account. I believe
that all Government patronage, as- now abused
and prostituted to the basest ends, is prolific of
political dishonesty and public immorality; and if
they were not necessary evils, as now managed and
controlled, I would rather see every navy-yard,
custom-house, &c., sunk in the middle of the At-
lantic ocean than to suffer the continuance of their
blighting effects on the politics of the country.
Any community is far better off without them,
so far as their moral influence is concerned, as
now conducted. I think, therefore, we had better
restrict the sum for the improvement, repair, and
other expenditures in yards and docks, to the
lowest amount that will enable them to go on, and
establish rigid legislation at once and without de«
lay, to remedy existing evils.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the amendment, and ask for a vote.
The question was taken; and Mr. Morse's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. M1LLSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting, for the Norfolk navy-yard,
$200,000. I know very well the impatience of
the House; and the House ought to know me
well enough to be aware that I would not will-
ingly disregard its present temper. I would not
ask to detain it at all, but for the necessity of cor-
recting erroneous impressions produced by the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Virginia is not discussing the
subject-matter of his amendment, but proposes
to reply to the speech of somebody else.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the Chair or the gen-
tleman tell me the subject I am discussing?
The CHAIRMAN. It is impossible for the
Chair to say whether the gentleman is speaking
to his amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I am about to show that the
reasons assigned by the gentleman from Ohio for
diminishing the appropriation for Norfolk, are in-
correct m point of fact, when he states that the
appropriation is asked for for new works, and
not for the completion of old works.
I wish to show, sir, that the appropriations
asked for by the Department for the JMorfolk
| navy-yard are not for new works, as the gentle-
! man from Ohio has stated, but mostly for the
j completion of works already commenced. I quote
; from the estimates:
! « Completion of forge shop.—This building is at present
: in an incomplete state, and consequently no operations can
! yet be earned on Without great inconvenience. The build-
' uig is much ireeded, and it is very desirable that it should
| be"completed at the earliest period possible."
j Again:
I u Continuation of qumi wall.—The amount asked for this
! object will be nearly sufficient to complete the work as far
| as ship No. 48." * ~ * 11 The work is of
) the first importance, and it is vcty necessary that it should
| continue in progress, without interruption, until finally com-
- pleteii."
