388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
ments at the navy-yards and for the increase of
the Navy was only $150,000 ? And, if he do^s, I
would ask the gentleman from Ohio whether he
is prepared to repeat that statement?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will send for the
law, and cite it for the gentleman.
Mr. MILLSON. It was near a million.
Mr. GROW. The Committee on Naval Affairs
would, under the rules, be in the same position as
Ufthriakitfg a report as the Committee of Ways
and Means. There is no rule which authorizes the
Committee of Ways and Means to report out of
its order. They have made their reports generally
by the unanimous consent of the House. The
Committee on Naval Affairs would be exactly in
the same position. Should this bill be referred
to that committee, there is no doubt but the same
courtesy that is extended to the Committee of
Ways and Means would be extended to it, and
thai? for facilitating the publicbusiness, the report
would be received whenever ready to be made.
only desired to indicate my view, which is that
we should alter the rules so as to accomplish the
• reform proposed, which is to be done by the esti-
mates being first referred to the several standing
committees, instead of, as now, all going to the
Ways and Means, and leaving the other stand-
ing committees to come in with amendments in
the last hours of the session, when we have not
time to consider thetn as they ought to be; when
even with the best care and attention we can give
them at the time, their preciso effect cannot be cer-
tainly foreseen. I would require the committees
to report on the estimates submitted to them with-
in fifteen or twenty days from the date of their
appointment-, and that then these reports should
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
to be reported back within thirty or thirty-five
days; then the bill so reposed would be printed
with the recommendations of the several commit-
tees. We can examine the recommendations at
our leisure. We can see whether the phraseology
ofthe amendments would pcrmitan appropriation
to be diverted from the purposes for which it was
intended, and for which Congress would not make
any appropriation, if the point were directly made.
We all know that under the present system we
are often called upon to vote for amendments
which allow a Department to do almost anything
with money which has been appropriated for Us
use, when the phraseology seems to confine it to
specific purposes.
Mr. HOWARD obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I should like to
point the gentleman from Virginia to the law to
which I have referred. I find in the naval laws
a statement headed u abstract of appropriations
and expenditures from 1791 to 1840," both years
inclusive; and there 1 find, that the amount ap-
propriated for navy-yards in 1820 was §G3,000,
and in 1830, $1^0,500.
Mr. MILLSON. It was $773,000.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. ] will send the law
to the gentleman, that he may see it for himself.
Mr. MILLSON. Here is the law.
Mr. SHERMAN, ofOhio. 1 have quoted from
the book made up at the Navy Department. If ;
they do not print correctly I am not to blame. !
Mr. HOWARD. I agieccntuely,Mr. Speak-
er, with the gentleman from Ohio, in regard to
the purposes which he aims at, namely, retrench-
mentand economy. But I disagree with him in all
other respects. 1 dissent from everything that
he said on the subject, except that; and for the 1
sole reason, as has been said by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Wasiibuh!*,] that the carry-
ing out of this proposition would inevitably result
in increasing the expenses of this Government
twenty or thirty or perhaps forty per cent. Sir, it
is'well known that I am m a minority on the Com-
mittee of "Ways and Means, and 1 may state with-
out any disrespect to any body, that that minority
is sufficiently small tobeabundantlysafe. But,sir,
I will bear this testimony to the action of the ma-
jority of that committee, that in all instances that
have arisen in that committee since I belonged to
it, where any question of doubtful jurisdiction,
or any reduction of appropriations arose, they ;
have uniformly aimed at retrenching and reduc-
ing expenses; and at waiving the jurisdiction '
when there was any doubt about it. I say that
that is true of the majority, and I say that has
been the rule of the committee since I have had
the honor of serving on it'.
Now, it is well known that the rules ofthe House
restrict the Committee of Ways and Means to
reporting appropriations that are simply to carry
out existing laws. They cannot insert any item
that is not required to fulfill an existing law, nor
any item that would change existing law or that
is contrary to existing law. And I say, in all good
faith, that every member of that committee,
whether of the majority or minority, has lived
up to that principle in every instance. It is true
that questions sometimes arise relating to appro-
priations that might be regarded as incidental to
what is established by law; and in these cases it
is sometimes very difficult to determine exactly
whether the committee should take^jurisdiction
or not. Like blending colors, we cannot always
say exactly where the line of demarkation is;
but in every such case the majority and the
minority of the Committee of Ways and Means
have, in all good faith, acted rather in favor of
letting the jurisdiction go, than of assuming a
doubtful power. And now, the gentleman gets
up here and says that, of these $13,000,000 re-
ported in this naval appropriation bill,-$4,000,000
only is required by existing law, and that the
rest of it is not. It is true, sir, that only abdut
four million dollars of this bill is for salaries; but
who does not know that the business of these
navy-yards, that have been established by inde-
pendent legislation, over which the Committed of
Ways and Means had no control, must be carried
on? Take the Army bill, for instance. We ap-
propriate for salaries, specifically. The lav/ fixes
the amount to a cent. But, then, when we appro-
pi iate for transportation, the amount must depend
on the movements of the Army. Just so is it
with respect to the Navy.
Now I object to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio; because it would effect a thor-
oughly radical change in our system. If it were
adopted, then the Army appropriatipn bill should
go to the Committee on Military Affairs, and all
other appropriation bills to the appropriate stand-
ing committees. When the bills are once there,
there is no way of getting them back, except on
the regular call of committees. I rccollect no in-
stance, during my service on the Committee of
Way and Means where an item has been inserted
in ah appropriation bill by that committee exceed-
ing the estimate. Not one.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I wish to correct
my friend in one very important statement. It is
this: he says that no other committee can report
back an appropriation bill, except when the com-
mittees are called for reports. Any other com-
mittee can report back an appropilation bill on
just the same teims and conditions as the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. The rules do not
give privileges to the committee of Ways and
Means. They give privileges to the appropria-
tion bills; and whatever committee has possession
of these bills, may report them back, and has a
right to report them back under the 80th i ale.
Mr. HOWARD. How are they to get the
floor ?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The Speaker, as
a matter of courtesy, woukfegive the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. Since I have served on the
Committee of Way sard Means we have very often
received information nom members of othercom-
mittees. They havr> made suggestions important
to the interests of t h<« service which they had under
control. But, in all my experience, I never heard
of a suggestion coming from any member of the
standing committees proposing to reduce the es-
timates for their departments; not one. They
always ask for more; and the Committee of Ways
and Means has been obliged to stand there^like
a rock, against them. And yet my friend from
Ohio talks here about generous rivahy among
these committees. Sir, every man who serves his
country in any of the departments, if lie is faith-
ful, becomes enthusiastic in the service of that
department, and knows little or nothing about the
others. The rivalry would be on the part, of
each committee to put their branch ofthe service
ahead; and all experience shows that to be the'
cose. There is no exception to it.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to corrcct the gentleman.
I insist that the Committee on Military Affairs
tiied, last session, to secure a reduction of the
appropriations for the support of the Army, and
could not do so.
Mr. HOWARD, My objection to the whole
thing is this: It involves an entire change in the
whole system, and puts this change in operation
without'any alteration of the rules. Get up a new
set of rules, and I do not care what you do. But
you propose^ to leave the rules standing, with cer-
tain responsibilities on the Committee of Ways
and Means, and with limitations as to their ac-
tion; and, regardless of those rules, you then pro-
pose to change the modeof business in the House.
Sir, I protest against all this thing. I ask no sort
of favor for the Committee of Ways and Means,
or for any member of it. We stand ready to de-
fend our action with regard to every single act of
ours. Where we have made-errors, we will ac-
knowledge them frankly. But we ask no sort of
favor from this House, or any member of it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I have so high a
respect for my friend from Michigan, that I would
not have him even suppose that I have made the
slightest attack on the Committee of Ways and
Means. I have disclaimed, and will disclaim,
again and again, an attack upon the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr.HOWARD. I do not so consider it. Now,
it is often said that the Committee of Ways and
Means are absorbing all the power of the House;
that they are controlling all its legislation. Sir,
there is not a committee of this House that is so
much limited and restricted in legislation as the
Committee of Way sand Means. We have no right
to originate any legislation in appropriation bills.
It is our sole duty to provide the means to execute
the law. We arc restricted to that, and we live
up to our laws. We are ready, here and now, to
be condemned by the [louse if we have violated
this, the very law of our existenee. It is true,
sir, that when the whole House spends its time
in making Buncombe speeches; while members
are engaged in President making, and in all sorts
of political maneuvers, occupying the time of the
country, so that no business can be done during
the whole session, cxcept to puss the appropria-
tion bills, then, indeed, it becomes true that the
Committee of Ways and Means does control all
the legislation of the House; because there is noth-
ing done but the passage of the appropriation
bills. But in all other senses, they are more lim-
ited and restricted, and justly so, than any other
committee, and they have not sought to trans-
cend their powers.
Now, sir, a word about this generous rivalry
and this reduction of expenditures. At the last
session of Congress the Committee of Ways and
Means reported a naval appropriation bill; it
passed the House; it went to the Senate, and was
amended liberally there—altogether too liberally.
It came back hete, and the House refused to con-
cur in the amendments of the Senate. The bill
then went to a committee of conference; and, as
was very proper, a majority of the managers of
that conference on the part of the House were
members of the Committee on Naval Affairs. I
believe the chairman of the Naval Committee was
chairman of these managers; and properly, too.
That committee of conference brought in a report
here which the House would not adopt. Did that
bill break down because of what was inside of it,
or because of what was outside of it? The econ-
omy of that committee of conference was such that
even the temper of this House would not submit
to it; and the bill broke down here.
Now, sir, I have no-feeling about this matter.
But I protest against a change so radical and in-
jurious, at all events until the whole system shall
have been revised, and the rules altered accord-
ingly. I am opposed to it mainly because it would
inevitably result m increasing the appropriations.
Eac# standing committee would look alone to the
interests of its own department, and would know
nothing of what the real necessities of others were.
The result would be, that there would be one uni-
versal scramble amongst the committees to get
their share, and more than their share. We might
as well refer the propositions to build custom-
houses an4marine hospitals, and all these name-
less jobs and swindles and foolish expenditures,
to the local Representatives; and all on the score
of economy. We might-as well refer, for in-
stance, the Charleston custom-house to the mem-
ber from Charleston, and the Chicago custom-
house to the member from Chicago, and let them
fix the amount of appropriations that shall be
made for those works, if we turn over to the
members who are devoted to a particular branch
