1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the service the appropriations for that service,
without any knowledge on their part of the other
branches of the service. The whole system is
wrong-. It will result in increasing the appropri-
ations. It will prod&ce no good, but will lead to
endless confusion.
So far as the Committee of "Ways -and Means
is concerned, I again repeat, that we ask no favors.
We do not regard this as an imputation upon us
—at least I do not. If I did, 1 would demand a
trial before the House; but I believe that this
system would introduce confusion, under the
present state of our rules, and work nothing but
mischief.
Let me say, in conclusion, that there is no one
line in this naval appropriation bill that any mem-
ber of the Naval Committee, or all of them to-
gether, cannot move to amend in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. They
can take it, line by line, and their united wisdom,
or their individual wisdom, may be applied to
each item; and they may put the knife in as deep
as they please. I pledge myself, and I pledge
every member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that in every effort they may make to
reduce any appropriation that can be reduced,
without positively disarranging the service, we
will bid them God-speed, and give them our sup-
port.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Speaker,! consider this
one of the most important movements that has
been made since I have been a member of this
House. The fact stated by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. P>ocock,] that the appropriation
bills, covering every branch of the public service,
have to be reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means within thirty days of the commence-
ment'of the session, in my opinion, demonstrates
the necessity of having the bills reported by them
reviewed by the appropriate committees selected
to look to the various branches of the public ser-
vice.
Now, sir, we are expending about eighty mil-
lion dollars per annum; and the whole of this ex-
penditure has to be overlooked by the Committee
of Ways and Means within thirty days. Now,
my opinion is, that the extravagance of this Gov-
ernment grows, in a great measure, out of our
system of legislation, from the fact that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means merely carry out the
oiders from the vaiious departments of thisGov-
ernment, and recommend appropriations to cover
pxaetly what the heads of those departments say
they want. The Committee of Ways and Means
have not the capacity to overlook all the depart-
ments of the Government, executive, legislative,
judicial, naval, and military, and see whether the
recommendations of the heads of those depart-
ments are proper in themselves, or to what extent
they ought to bo 1 educed.
Now, it is said that the Committee of Ways
and Means cannot report bills heie, except to
carry out existing laws. I would ask the gentle-
man from Michigan how it is that last year the in-
crease in the item of repairs was $,2,350,000, and
this year it is upwards of three million dollars?
I want him to show me the law to provide for re-
pairs, from year to year, of the navy-yards, and
iix this particular amount.
Mr. HOWARD. We have not reported that
amount.
Mr. SEWARD. I have not seen the bill. I
want to know howmuch they have icported, and
under what law or authoiity they have reported
any amount for repairs, outside of the estimates
made by the Secretary of theTieasury?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I can tell my colleague the
amount estimated for and the amount reported by
the Ways and Means Committee: the estimates
were for £,693,000, and the sum recommended
was about forty-three thousand dollars.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hardly thinks
these remaiks are in order. The Chair decided
yesterday that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Ijocock] could not go into a discussion of the
merits of the bill.
Mr. SEWAR D. I should like my colleague to
show me any law authorizing this expenditure.
There is no law on the statute-book which pro-
vides for repairs of navy-yards from year to year;
and whenever the emergency arises, Congress
must legislate and appropriate money for that
purpose. - ^
The Committee of Ways and Means talk about
raising money to carry on the Government. They
say that appropriations already made cannot be
carried out, becau se th ere is n o money irilhe Treas-
ury to do it; and yet here in the item for repairs
for navy-yards is an increase of over three million
dollars, calicd for in this bill, while I have an un-
expended appropriation of only $70,000, for a
navy-yaid in my district; that, lam told, cannot
be expended because their is no money. Here are
j appropriations made, and money in the Treas-
ury at the time; those appropriations cannot be
used because there is no money; and yet here it
is proposed to appropriate $3,000,000 for repairs;
and in connection wnh the bureau of construction
and repairs, $2,000,000 more. Yet my own State,
the State of Georgia, two years ago, could not
have an appropriation to build up a navy-yard
within that State, when every gentleman knows
that on our whole coast of two thousand miles,
from Portsmouth to Pensacola, there is not a
single navy-yard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
it is hardly in order to discuss the items contained
in the bill, and that the. gentleman should confine
his remarks to the merits of the question of refer-
ence.
Mr. SEWARD. I will conform to the wishes
of the Speaker, with the declaration that I differ
with him mateiially; but as the Chair decides
against mc, it is enough for my purpose.
At the last session of Congicss the Committee
on Naval Affairs reported in favor of the con-
struction of seven sloops-of-war, and there was
money to build them. I\ow, if the committee had
jurisdiction, and it was proper for them to report
an appropriation of $>G74,OOU for this purpose,
I think it but proper that, in legard to all other
subjects connectcd with the Navy, we should have
a little to say. Aside from the matter of building
vessels, I believe the Naval Committee are but a
committee on private claims; for a great many
such claims aie crowded upon our committee. Ofii-
ceitf of the Navy, including pursers, surgeons,
and all who think that then compensation is not
sufficient, besiege our committee for an increase.
If they are disabled in service, bills for their relief
arc refcried to our committee. Now, what is the
Committee on Naval AOaijs constituted for? Is
it simply that they may adjudicate on a few pri-
vate claims ? You have a Committee on Pnvatc
Claims already.
I sav to gentlemen, that it is utterly useless to
talk about increasing the expenses of the Gov-
ernment. Why, we cannot do any worse than
we arc now doing, EigMv million of expenses
a year is bad enough. 1 think if the Committee
on the Judiciary could review the estimate of ex-
penses for the judiciary department, the expenses !
of the legislative department, the expenses of the j
executive depaitment, and report to this House ■
what sum would be right and proper to appro- '
priate, and then send the report to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and let them report a bill
for raising the money, it would be well enough.
So also in regard to the Military Department of
he Government: so also in regard to the appro-
priations for our foreign intercourse; so in regaid
to our Navy Depai tment. I ask how it is that
gentlemen can insist that the expenses of this
Government can be increased by each particular j
committee charged with looking after the various i
departments of the Government, of examining i
their expenses, and of reporting them here, when |
the Committee of Ways and Means are to review j
their work? How are the expenses to be increased i
in that way ? Th^y cannot be. Will the number
ofcommitteosand the numberofmen charged with
the duty of investigating those subjects, allow the
amount of expenditures to be increased ? I Uo not '
think they would. We have been told", and very
properly, that we cannot diminish the amount of
appropriations contained in these bills when m
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where they ure debated only under the :
five-mmutes rule. If we object to any item, we j
are told that it is designed to carry out existing
low; and t'hus, at the last part of the session, we
are compelled to vote millions of money which
we believe improper, simply because we are told
that, unless we do so, the wheels of the Govern-
ment will be stopped. This Congress, by the.
Constitution, closes on the 4th of March next;
and I tell gentlemen 1 will vote for no bill winch
contains iniquitous provisions, covering millions
and millions of dollars, simply because the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means tell-tts the Govern-
ment wheels will be stopped if we do not pass
them.
, Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. During my service
in this House, I have served several years as a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and I believe the pr^ent is the first time that a
proposition like this nas been made in this Hous£
And, sir, common as it is here and out of'tloors
to find fault with the rules as being calculated to
obstruct business, and to confuse the deliberations
of this House, it is my opinion that if the motion
now made shall bccome the settled practice of the
House, it will have a greater tendency to obstruct
the business of the House and to produce con-
fusion in all its proceedings, than any other prac-
tice which could be established. Our rules have
been wisely framed and adopted, and if we would
all conform to them, and let you, Mr. Speaker,
every morning when you take that chair, proceed
with the business in its regular order, we would
promote the dispatch of business andxhe delib-
erations of this body.
The rules provide for the various standing com-
mittees of this House, and then they prescribe to
each one of those committees its appropriateduty.
The proposition before the House is to refer the
naval appropriation bill to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. The rule on that subject is—
<' It shall be the duty of the Committee on Naval Affairs
to take into con&idetation ail matters which concern the
naval establishment, and winch shall be referred to them by
the House, and to report their opinion thereupon; and also
to report, from time to tunc, such measures as may con-
tribute to economy and accountability in the said establish-
ment."
There is a similar rule in regard to the Military-
Committee, simply substituting the words " Mili-
tary Affairs" for the words u Naval Affairs.M
Mr. BOCOCK. I very seldom interrupt gentle-
men m their speeches, though when I find my-
self upon the floor I am constantly troubled with
interruption. I desire, however, that the gentle-
man from Tennesseee will allow me one word
here. I want to know of the gentleman from
Tennessee if he does not understand that"rule to
mean that we may report any law or public regu-
lation, the operation of which would be to pro-
mote economy in the-naval estimates? And J
want to know if he is not aware that under that
rule we have no power to strike from the naval
appropriation bill, or recommend to strike from
the bill the appropriation of $2,000,000 for re-
pairs? I desire to know if that is not so ? That
rule gives no power to make recommendations in
regard to any specific amount in the Navy ap-
propriation bill. It only authorizes us to propose
laws and public regulations, the effect of which
would be to promote economy in naval affairs in
reference to matters which may be referred to us.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I was coming to
the point of the gentleman's interrogatory. I
hold that under that rule there is committed to the
Committee on Naval Affdirs everything which
pertains to the efficiency and economy and ac-
countability of the naval establishment of the
country; that they have the entire jurisdiction of
"that subject. They can, if they think proper,re-
port bills prescribing the number of officers, their
grades, the number of sailors and other persons
who shall be engaged or employed in the Navy.
They can report bills prescribing the compensa-
tion of all such officers and others; they can re-
port anything pertaining to the Navy.
Itcference has been made to the fact that there
arc appropriations m this bill for docks and yards
not prescribed by law. That is true. There is,
also, an appropriation for equipment, which to a
great extent must depend upon the wants of the
service, and the discretion of Congress, and those
in charge of that service.
I will state what once occurred when I was a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means.
There was an item of this sort for docks and
yaids. We sent for the chief of the bureau of
docks and yards to explain Uie item. We wanted
to know if the amount could be reduced. He
came-to the committee-room and declared that it
r.ould lint be reduced without injury to the ser-
vice. A member from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
now Senator from that State, was a member of
that committee, and on his motion we struck oif
half" of the estimate for that bureau. , The bill
was reported and passed through this House; but
