1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iM
best information that I can obtain, save to the
Government about eight dollars per month for
each man entitled to the benefits of asylums, be-
sides accommodating the seaman witn the com-
forts of his own home.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment not now in order. Does the gentle-
man from Massachusetts appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not. I
shall seek another mode of bringing the subject
to the attention of the House.
Mr. GOODWIN. I move to amend by insert-
ing, at the end of the following clause of the bill:
" Norfolk.—For completing s tone pier and landing at JFoit
Noifolk, powder boat, and repairs of all kinds, $55,960."
As follows:
For repairing and preserving the Government pier and
landings at Fort Ontano, Oswego, New York, $20,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a point
of order. Thatamendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it refers
to a work that the Navy Department have noth-
ing to do with.
Mr. GOODWIN. I simply call the attention
of the Chair to the clause of the bill to which it
is offered as an amendment. It is certainly ger-
mane to that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that to relate to property belonging to a fort.
Mr. GOODWIN. If the amendment is not in
order, I move to amend by striking out the clause
in the bill which I have proposed to amend.
Mr. Chairman, it may perhaps be improper to
make an appropriation for buildingorcompieting
a stone pier or harbor works, in a naval appro-
priation bill.
Mr. M1LLSON. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the committee had passed that
clause, and the Clerk had commenced reading the
clause referring to Pensacoia, and that it is too
late to move that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The clause had not been
passed, and the amendment is in order.
Mr. GOODWIN. But, sir, if the amendment
I first proposed is not m order, and such an ap-
propriation is improper in this bill, then this
clause I ask to have stricken out, and which ap-
propriates some fifty-five thousand dollars for
completing the sfone pier and. landing at Fort Nor-
folk, Virginia, should not be retained. An appro-
priation to preserve the Government pier and
landing at Fort Ontario, Oswego, New York,
would be just as proper, and equally entitled to a
place in this bill, as the clause in question.
Mr. Chairman, Norfolk, Virginia, seems to be
greatly favored by the provisions of this bill,
as a place for expending the public money. We
have just passed one section, which appropriates
$198,^24, and a subsequent section, which appro-
priates §18,270, to be expended at that place, and
now we have this appropriation of $55,000, to
complete a stone pier and landing, which is, as I
undeistand it, in the nature of a harbor appro-
priation. Now, sir, Oswego harbor and Fort
Ontario are important in a military point of view.
The purposes for which that fort was built will
not be attained if the piers and landing at that
place are not preserved. Sir, that fort commands
the harbor of Oswego, and if the works there are
kept in repair, it would, in times of war, afford a
place of safety for our lake shipping.
The vast commerce of the lakes-, the importance
of this port in a business and commercial view;
the condition of the harbor, and the surplus rev-
enues heretofore collected by the Government at
this point, render it highly proper that the Gov-
ernment should maintain its piers and woiks at j
that place; and, sir, unless we can have justice, i
unless we can have appropriations for the piers !
on the lake coast as well as the sea-board, I shall j
vote against it. If an appropriation in this bill for :
the pier at Fort Ontario is out of place, I insist
that the appropriation for the pier at Fort Norfolk
shall be struck out.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to state to the gen-
tleman, that this pier is not at Norfolk, but at
the Government property below that city. It is
not a stone pier at the city of Norfolk, but at the
Government's property at the magazine, in the
harbor below that city. I will state further, that
that magazine was established there against the
protest and remonstrance of the citizens of Nor- j
u,!k. i
Mr. LOVEJOY. How far below the city?
Mr. MILLSON. About a mile.
The House divided ;and there were—ayes forty-
eighty
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded a division.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and Messrs.
Dean and John Cochrane were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 45, noes 83.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr, HATCH. I move to amend,by striking
out lines one hundred and eighty-five, one hun-
dred and eighty-six, and one hundred and eighty-
seven, and insert, "to civil superintendents and
constructors." I want to compel the Govern-
ment to expend this $150,000, appropriated in this
section, for the employment of American mechan-
ics and civil engineers, instead of giving it to offi-
cers of the Navy and Army.
I have propose this amendment for the purpose
of endeavoring to introduce two practical reforms
in the action of the Government. Under the pres-
ent system, every civil structure, as well as naval
antl military, of the Government, is placed in
charge of some Navy or Army officer. In fact,
it is carried so far, that not a custom-house, court-
house, or post office, or even a light-house, can
be built or repaired, but what some one from the
Army or Navy is retained to superintend the op-
eration, in preference to our mechanics, whose
industrial profession must give them superior
qualifications to discharge this branch of civil ser-
vice. Itis a wrong to our great body of mechan-
ics and civil engineers which ought not to be con-
tinued. These military gentlemen are educated
at public expense to fight our battles, and ought
not to be allowed to invade the occupations of
civil life; and above all, they should not be made
superintendents over civilians or their occupa-
tions. It is offensive to any free people to have
placed over any portion of them, in civil life, those
who bear upon their person the insignia of rank
and privilege. It is, m fact, inaugurating a mil-
itary aristocracy over our independent American
mechanics, subversive of their equality and mor-
tifying to their pride.
The extent of this abuse can be estimated, when
it is considered this section proposes to appro-
priate over one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
to naval superintendents and constructors to be
employed in the performance of civil services, for
which they were never educated, and are not as
well qualified as civilians.
There is but one way to eradicate this evil as
I regard it, and that is to adopt, as an elementary
principle m the Government, that all contracts for
material, work, or public service, should be made
with the person who offers to do or provide the
same at lowest price, with adequate security. It
is in the organic law of the State of New York.
I have so far failed in its adoption here, except m
few cases. Open your national armories and your
navy-yards to the skill and enterprise of Ameri-
can mechanics, and let them compete for the fab-
rication of your arms, and the construction of
yourships-of-war. Itis their right. Aside from
doing an act of justice to them, I believe it would
secure a greater amount of economy and integrity
in public expenditure.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike.out lines two
hundred and nine, two hundred and ten, and two
hundred and eleven, as follows:
u For preparing tor publication the American Nautical
Alumnae, oiSj&SO.''
It is an entirely useless expenditure, for this al-
manac is not used by our own or the English navi-
gators. They use the London almanac. It seems
to me that that expenditure might be saved.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I oppose
the amendment projorma, though I hope it will
be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEW ARD. I move to strike out the last
paragraph, as follows;
" Foi completing seven screw sloops and one sirle-wlieel
steamer, uuUionzed by act 12th June, ISjo, £674,000."
I think, Mr. Chairman, that there is no partic-
ular use for these vessels at this time. The tim-
bers are just as secure m the ship-house; and they
will be better seasoned. No gentleman will pre-
tend that we have enough of seasoned timber to
build these ships. i
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. They are afloat.
Mr. SEWARD. Then, how are you going to
finish them if they are afloat ? If they arte afloat,
they will not be injured. There is just as much
necessity for continuing the Works at Brunswick
as for continuing these vessels. I desire to say
here, that I intend to publish a, list of certain
southern gentlemen who vote to do these'things,
so that the country may understand how they'are
done. I offer this amendment because I see no ne-
cessity for this appropriation. There is no SoAor
use for these vessels. Appropriatioris are m'aife for'
Kittery and Boston and Philadelphia and NeW
York and Norfolk; for even Virginia gfentlerinfen
can vote themselves all they want, but cannot tfStd
for others.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the iliairman of the
Committee of Ways and Mians if this is not'to
supply a deficiency in the appropriation of last
year for building these steamers?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This sum is ne-
cessary to complete them. One million two hun-
dred thousand dollars were appropriated for the
construction of these steamers last year, This
sum is necessary for their completion.
Mr. STANTON. Yes; to supply a deficiency.
The question was taken on Mr. Seward's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to lay
aside this bill, to be reported to the House. There
are amendments to other bills which we ought to
consider to-night,
Mr. PETTIT. I move the following as an
additional section of the bill:
No money appropriated by this act shall be used or ap-
plied with respect to tile fitting, sending out, or maintaining
any hostile expedition against the Republic of Paraguay,
until the same shali be particularly directed by law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order. It has no relevancy
to th'e last clause.
Mr. PETTIT. It was my purpose to have a
vote taken on thift amendment without saying a
word; but my conviction that it is in and
that it is necessary from considerations df econ-
omy, of national honor, and the large influence
we now hold .in all the South^American States,
that it should have its place on this bill, make mo
feel like asking the attention of the Chairman to
it for a moment.
This particular section is intended to operate
as a limitation on all the appropriations of this
bill. It applies to many of them. There are, for
example, appropriations for fitting out steam ves-
sels, for supplying fuel, for supplying and paying
sailors and marines, not to name others. Now, /
thWneaning of this section is, to declare that no
expenses for these objccts shall be incurred with
reference to a hostile expedition against Para-
guay until directed by law. This section, then,
has its fit place at the end of the bill; becau'se then
it applies, by a single reference, to all its appro-
priations, and does not require to be stated at the
end of each clause. The ruling of the Chairman
implies that, to be in order, it should be stated
over and over again to every clause to which it
can be applicable. My answer is that, if placed
ill once, and in this connection, it answers the
whole object. It is, in fact, a condition and lim-
itation on all the appropriations of the bill.
Mr. GIIOW. It limits the whole appropria-
tions. It seems to me that the amendment is cer-
tainly in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has gone
through the bill by clauses. It would not now
be in order to go back to amend the first clause
for the pay of persons in the Navy, or any other
clause of the bill. The Chair is, therefore, of
opinion that it is not in order to amend the entire
provisions of the bill by an additional section at
the^jnd.
Mr. GROW. Is it not in order at all times to
limit the appropriations of money?
The CHAIRMAN. It would, perhaps, have
been in order if it had been ottered at the end of
the section to which it is intended to apply; but
the committee has passed all these sections, and
the Chair thinks it is not now in older to amend
them.
Mr. PETTIT. With great, deference to the
opinion of the Chair, I think my amendment is
in order. It is proposed-, as I have said, as alim-
itation on all these appropriations, and is put at
the end of the bill; because, by a single applica-
