340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
when it came, back from the Senate the original
estimate was reinstated, and it was passed finally
with that estimate. I say that these rules were
wisely framed. They commit to the jurisdiction
of the various committees all that pertains to, the
expenditures and regulations and the efficiency
generally of the Departments: to the Committee
on Nava! Affairs, the Navy^Department; to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, the Indian depart-
ment; and so on. Sir,as I believe the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. howard] remarked, each
committee of this House, looking on the Depart-
ments of the Government, is supposed to look
particularly to the" branch of public service pecu-
liarly committed to its care. They are not sup-
posed to look to the other branches of the ser-
vice. They can each report recommendations
to the House, and if they are adopted, then the
Secretary of the Treasury is required to make
estimates accordingly. The "War Department,
the Navy Department, and the different blanches
of the Government, make their estimates and send
\ them to the Secretary of the Treasury, and he
* then communicates them to Congress. Why do
/ you require them to go through the Treasury
i Department? That they may know there how
% much, in the aggregate, will be the expenses of
the Government. Then, when they come here,
your rules, as I think, wisely require that those
estimates shall go to the Committee of Ways and
Means. That committee is presumed to have no
preference for one branch*of the public service
over any other. Their duty is to examine the
estimates. In these estimates, too, the officers
making them are required to refer to the law under
which the appropriations arc asked. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means compares the esti-
mates with the law and the necessities of the pub-
lic service. If they are not required by existing
Jaw, then, in my opinion, the Committee of Ways
and Means have no further jurisdiction of the
subject.
But, I will repeat, there are some items like that
of docks and yards which, to a great extent, must
depend upon the discretion of the committee and
of Congress. You cannot tell what repairs will
be wanted for the next year, or in any pai ticular
year. They must be left mainly to the discretion
of the Department, where the estimates arc made.
They can examine these estimates, prepare their
bills, and report them under the rules within the
first thirty days of the session. And in this par-
ticular case—and I merely refer to it because it
is the pending question, for the same is applicable
to every other committee, and every other appro-
priation bill—if this bill had been permitted to
go in the ordinary course to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, when re-
ported by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means before the recess, during the Christ-
mas holidays, it would long since have been
printed, and in the hands of every man who de-
sired to see it. Any committee, or any member,
could have gone through it; and they could have
presented any amendment in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, which a
committee can report if a bill should be referred
to them. Then, if they can satisfy the House that
it would be right and proper to incorporate it into
the bill, I have no doubt that it would be adopted.
While this question,as an isolated one, would
not work any great evil, yet I speak against it as
establishing a precedent, and as establishing a
new practice in this House. Suppose, when the
Committee of Ways and Means shall report their
bills, that they are referred to the respective stand-
ing committees, you establish a revisory commit-
tee over the action of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and, it seems to me, put that com-
mittee under the ban of the House. But when,
if that course be taken, will the bills be printed?
For a short time the new course may flow on
smoothly. It may work expeditiously. In a
little while, however, some of your committees
will be behindhand. Some will neglect to report
back, until a late day, the bills referred to them;
and then, sir, we will find ourselves, at the close
of the session, with some of the bills, containing
neccssary legislation, unreported and unacted
upon.
The Committee of Ways and Means, as I have
before said, are to look to the existing laws, and
to report appropriation bills in accordance with
them. And, sir, not presumed to have any
preference for any particular branch of the public
service, they report such sums for each as they
dee-m each requires. If they, find that the neces-
sary appropriations exceed the revenues of the.*,
Government, then, too, it is their duty to provide
the means for supplying the deficiency. Or, if
they do not do that, they must look to the whole
service of the country, in every branch and every
department, and endeavor to cut down the appro-
priations, until they shall bring them within the
means of the Government. Now, sir, it does
seem to me that any one of the committees of
this House can take the appropriation bills apper-
taining to their branch or department of the Gov-
ernment, and can overhaul it. They can compare
it with the existing laws; andean prepare and re-
port amendments as independent propositions,
and have them passed upon.
Sir, it is very common to complain of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means for assuming to them-
selves the business of the House. Now, I will
say to you and to this committee that, of all the
positions occupied in this House, that of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
is least to be desired, and is the most unpleasant
position
Mr. KEITT. And the most sought after.
[Laugh ter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And perhaps, the
most sought after. The duties of tne chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means are prin-
cipally delicate. He has to look over the esti-
mates, to compare them with the laws, to cipher
out and to see whether the estimates are in accord-
ance with the provisions of law. If we wish to
piomotc the business of the House and to pre-
serve its order, let us have, as heretofore, the bills
| reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
! referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I utterly deprecate the policy {
of so changing our rules as to divide up the an- ]
nual estimates and send them to the various com- i
mittees of the House, no one of which will be I
looking at the entire amount as recommended to j
be appropriated, but each looking at them with j
an eye solely to the branch of the service over i
which that committee had charge. !
Mr. KEITT obtained the floor. j
Mr. ijOCOCIv. If the gentleman from South '
Carolina will give way, I will move that the rules !
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
jenkins] has had the floor for some days in com-
mittee; and I understand it would be agreeable to
him to have an opportunity of addressing the
committee to-day.
Mr. KEITT. For that purpose I yield the
floor.
Mr. bocock. I submit that motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As the gentle-
man from Virginia desires to be heard to-day, I
hope the motion will be agreed to; and after he
finishes his remarks, the committee may rise and
the House may resume the consideration of the
matter before it.
Mr. KEITT. That is the reason why I give
way.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers on Mr.
bocock's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. kellogg
and clay were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety, noes not counted.
president's annual message.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
; House resolved itself into the Committee of the h
j Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. bocock
; in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
j the President's annual message, and of the reso-
i lutions to refer the same; on which the gentleman
! from Virginia [Mr. Jenkins] was entitled to the
floor.
central america, etc.
Mr. JENKINS. Mr. Chairman, I had hoped,
after the recess which both Houses have taken
during the holidays, and in consideration of the
short intervening period from this date to the
adjournment of Congress, that debate would be
confined to subjects affecting the real interests of
the Republic at home, and her reputation abroad.
I confess, sir, that I have been disappointed in this
respect by the speech of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. washburn] who was last upon the floor.
It was, for the most part, the same old thing of
slavery and anti-slavery; Lecompton and anti-
Lecomjfton. I can see no excuse for the constant
harangues upon this topic t<f the utter neglect of
the vital interests of the Confederacy, both do-
mestic and foreign. But, sir, so it is. If the tariff
is to be raised, these gentlemen of the Republican
party think the only, way to enlighten themselves
and the country preparatory to so doing, is by
reading long essays against the institutions of
their brethren of the South. If matters affecting
our foreign interests are to be acted on, they seem
to think the only legitimate manner of approach-
ing the subject, is through a speech denouncing
the slave oligarchy. Like Dr. Sangrado, who
persisted in his specific of " bleeding, and warm
water" for all ailments however different, so
our political doctors of the Republican party dose
us with anti-slavery speeches for all the ills that
afflict the body politic. a remarkable point of
similitude in the two cases is the pertinacity which
each has displayed in adhering to their practice.
Would it be hazarding too much, sir, to surmise
that it was for the same reason in each case ? The
former, you recollect, riotoniy madehimself great
and famous by it, but also found his bread and
butter in it, " which," says his historian, " was
of much more importance to him than the health
of his patients." I think, sir, it would not be
uncharitable to conclude that similar considera-
tions have their weight with our anti-slavery agi-
tators. I shall not consume the time which I
have allotted myself for the discussion of other
topics, by any further notice of the speech of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. washburn.] I
merely want the country to know, in case we ad-
journ leaving any mattei s of necessary legislation
unattended to, where the blame rests.
And now, sir, I revert with pleasure to the sub-
ject of our foreign relations, upon which my dis-
tinguished friend from Missouri [Mr. ander-
son] was so felicitous in his remarks yesterday.
That the foreign policy of a country like our3
should constantly attract the attention of its citi-
zens, is necessarily consequent upon the character
of its free institutions.
Commencing with the origin of our Govern-
ment, and coming down to the present time, no
other questions have more often excited a deep
interest in the public mind — more frequently
drawn the line of demarcation between political
parties, or had a more direct and permanent effect
upon the growth and prosperity of the country,
than those appertaining to our foreign relations.
In subordination to this idea, the Democracy of
the Union, when assembled in their last presiden-
tial convention, promulgated, ampng others, the
following propositions:
" Resolved, That there are questions connected with the
foreign policy of tins country inferior to no domestic ques-
tion whatever. The time lias come for the people of the
United Slates to declare themselves in favor of iree seas
and progressive tree trade throughout the world, and, by-
solemn niamfc-tation<«, to place their moral influence at the
side of their successful example.
"2. Resolved, That our geographical and political posi-
tion Willi reierence to the other States of this continent, no
le^? than the interests of our eommcree and the develop-
ment of our growing power, require that we should hold a*
sacred thepuneiples involved in the Monroe doctrine; their
beaiing and impoit admit of no misconstruction ; they
should be applied with unbending rigidity.
"3. Resolved, That the great highway which nature, as
well as theassent of the States mostimmediately interested
in its maintenance, ha? marked out for a free communica-
tion between the Atlantic and the Pacific oceans, consti-
tutes one of the most impoitant achievements realized by
the spiut of modern limes and the unconquerable energy of
our people. That result shoujd be secured by the timely
and efficient exertion of the control which we have the right
to claim over it; and no Tower on earth should be suffered
to impede or clog its progress, by any interference with the
relations it may suit our policy to establish between our
Government and the Governments of the Stales within
whose dominion it lies. Wc can, under no circumstances,
surrender our preponderance m the adjustment ofall ques-
tions arising out of it."
Yetnotwitlistandingthis, we have seen the time
of the last session of Congress frittered away in*
a useless controversy, during the pendency of
which each party, by its solemn and recorded
vote, conceded, so far as practical results were
concerned, much for which the other contended;
a controversy which, from indications thrown out
during the present session, some of the combat-
ants propose to lenew; while questions' of foreign
policy of immediate and pressing interest demand
our attention; while, sir, the very state of thinga
