1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
tion, it puts a limit on the use of all money ap-
propriated by it.
Often, in the course of the debate on this bill,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and others, have"excused these large ap-
propriations, and asked the committee to allow
them; because the Paraguay expedition, they say,
makes the use of these large sums necessary. Sir,'
notwithstanding what has so often been said, there
is but one expedition against Paraguay authorized
by law, to be carried on at the present time; and
it is legitimate, innocent, honest, and inoffensive;
and the expenses of it have been provided for al-
ready. The President has no legal warrant for
his present offensive enterprise against Paraguay.
The expedition I have referred to is provided
for in the fourth section of the naval appropria-
tion act of last year. Here it is:
" Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That to defray the
expenses and compensation of the commissioner to Para-
guay, (should it be deemed proper by the President to ap-
point one,) and in execution of the joint resolution of the
present session for the adjustment of difficulties with the
ltepublic of Paraguay, $10,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary: Provided, That the compensation hereby
allowed shall not exceed the rate of $7,500 per annum for
the time employed."
Thisis an expedition simple, peaceful, and hon-
orable. Where, then, does the President get power
to send itito the waters of La Plata the largest
American fleet ever mustered, bent on hostile
purposes against Paraguay ? Is this the begin-
ning of an armed diplomacy ? The answer of the
chairman of Ways and Means is, that it is author-
ized by the joint resolution of June 2, 1858. That
resolution confers no such authority. It onlyau-
thorizes the President to " adopt such measures
and use such force as in his judgment may be
necessary and advisable in the event of a refusal
of just satisfaction by the Government of Para-
guay.*' Of course this was not meant to confer
on the President the war-making power, be-
cause, constitutionally, Congress cannot dele-
gate this delicate power to the President. But
wkat£$er power was conferred was only to be
used^rh the language of the law, " in the event of
a refusal by the Governmentof Paraguay." Par-
aguay has not refused. The President has sent
out no commissioner except in company of a hos-
tile squadron for the purpose of obtaining satis-
faction peaceably. On the other hand, no attempt
from the beginning has been made to obtain a
peaceful solution of this difficulty. In addition
to this, when Mr. Fitzpatrick was sent out to ex-
change ratifications with Paraguay, that Govern-
ment expressed itself willing and anxious to ad-
just this matter peacefully. He had no authority
to negotiate, and none has been attempted siigpe,
notwithstanding the anxious inclination of Para-
guay for a peaceful arrangement.
. I repeat, that this armed expedition is lawless.
The action of the Secretary of the Navy is a
usurpation that deserves to be rebuked. He has
been in the market and bought steamships,
planned an expedition of immense expense, oc-
casioned large expense already; altogether with-
out authority of law. In his annual report, he
uses, in regard to it, the following language:
"Accordingly, the squadron on the ea,st coast of South
America has been increased, so that it will consist of uvo
frigates, two sloops-of-war, three brigs, twelve armed steam-
ers, and two armed storeslnps." * * * *
aIn titling out tins expedition, it became necessary, m
consequence of a deficiency in the Navy of vessels of iiglit
draught, to chaiter a number of steamers which could be
used as transports and for towage, and could be armed also
ibr effective service as war-vet seN. These vessels—six
propellers and three side- wheel steamers—have been char-
tered for six mouths, or more, with a right of election, on
the part of the Government, to become the purchaser at
stated prices, and to apply all payments made under the
charter as pait payment of the purchase-money. As these
vessels would be useful as part of the naval force of the
United States, and can be purchased 011 reasonable terms,
I would recommend an appropriation to be used, if deemed
expedient, foi the purpose. The sum required to purchase
the six steam propellers would be $'214,000, of which $'94,800
must be paid for the u&u of them for the period of six
months, and a proportionate sum for a longer time, if no
purchase be made. The sum requned for the three side-
whcelsteamers would be $-.286,000, of which, if they be not
purchased, the sum of #69,000 must be paid for the use of
them for the same peuod of six months, and a larger sum
for a longer period. The election must be made on or be-
fore the JOtli of March next.1'
Now, my objection is this 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Is this de-
bate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not,
but the Chair has indulged gentlemen.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Then I
object to it.
Mr. GROW. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and will briefly state the ground of my
appeal. This bill is but a single section; aifd the
Chair will remember the precedent set in the last
Congress, when a proviso was put to the Army
appropriation bill similar in its terms to this,
that the money appropriated in the bill should
not be used for a particular purpose. The bill
being but one section, I thinlc the proviso is in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is sufficiently well acquainted with the
rules and practice of the House, and of this com-
mittee, to know that appropriation bills are con-
sidered by clauses, as though they were different"
sections, and that when one is passed, it is not in
order to go back. In the case to which the gen-
tleman refers, if the Chair recollects aright, the
proviso was offered to some particular clause of
the bill, when it was under consideration, and
not at the end of the bill.
Mr. GROW. I thought it was at the end of
the bill; but lam not sure about it.
Mr. PETTIT. With the permission of the
Chair, I desire to make one further remark. There
are some eight or ten points in the bill where this
amendment might properly be inserted. Does
the Chair hold that, where the purpose is to limit
the application of the money appropriated in these
different sections, it is necessary that the limita-
tion should be put on successively, not once, but
a dozen times?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
when you have passed a clause, it is not in order
to go back and amend it; and you cannot attain
that object by putting an amendment at the end
of the bill to apply to the whole bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would ask
the Chair what rule there is that prevents the
addition of a second section to the bill, upon a
subject which is entirely germane to the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The rule that no propo-
sition to amend, different from the subject under
consideration, shall be in order.
Mr. GROW. Not as a second section?
The CHAIRMAN. It makes no difference
about clauses or sections. The clause immedi-
ately under consideration is one proposing to
make an appropriation for the completion of
sloops-of-war.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand,
sir 
Mr. BURNETT. I object to further debate.
Gentlemen have been sufficiently indulged by the
Chair. Let us vote.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers on the ap-
peal ;and appointed Messrs. BuFFiNTONand Clay.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes CO.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the committee do
now rise, and report the bill to the House.
Mr. PIIF.LPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman from Kentucky will withdraw that mo-
tion. There are three of the appropriation bills
in this committee which have been returned from
the Senate with amendments. We ought to con-
sider these amendments to-night, in order that
committees of conference may be appointed.
Mr. CLAY. Is my motion debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. We can dispose
of these amendments in an hour; they have all
been printed.
The question was taken on Mr. Clay's motion;
and the committee refused to rise.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
bill be laid aside to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
amendments of the Senate to the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
proceeded to consider the said amendments.
First amendment of the Senate;
In the clause providing for the salaiies of envoys extraor-
dinaiy, ministers, and eommissioneis, strike out "four-
teen," and insert in lieu, thereof, " four," so as to make tiie
amount of the appropriation ^204,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in that amendment. It was necessary, because
we struck out the mission to Persia, but did not
reduce the amount of the appropriation.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment of the Senate.
At the en<l of line twenty-two insert as follows:
Provided, That no other embassador, envoy extraordi-
nary, minister plenipotentiary, minister resident, commis-
sioner, diplomatic representative, or charge d'affaires, shall
be entitled to any compensation during the said fiscal year:
And provided, That nothing in this act shall be construed
to interfere with the disbursement of the amount hereinafter
appropriated ior the contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and'Means recommend a non-concur-
renqp in that amendment.
Mr. GROW. I do not understand why the
amendment should not be concurred in. If I un-
derstand it, it provides that no embassador, or
envoy, shall receive pay during the coming year,
except those already appointed; and I do not see
why it is not proper to make such a provision.
Why should we permit a practice which has
grown up, of appointing two or three ministers,
or envoys, during the same year, to the same
locality ?
Mr. WASHBUHN, of Maine. I ask that the
clause of the bill to which this is proposed may
be read.
It was read, as follows:
" For salaries of envoys extraordinary, ministers, and com-
missioners of the United States, at Great Britain, France,
Russia, Prussia, Spain, Austria, Brazil, Mexico, China,
Cliili, Peru, Portugal, Switzerland, Rome, Naples, Sardinia,
Belgium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Turkey, Buenos
Ayres, New Granada, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezuela, Gua-
temala, Nicaragua, Sandwich Inlands, Costa Rica, Hondu-
ras, Argentine Confederation, and Paraguay, $204,000."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I un-
derstand the object of this amendment is to pre-
vent the President from appointing; other ministers
than those now provided for. I tnink the amend-
ment is right, and should be concurred in.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, whetherthe
effect of the amendment will not be, in case of war
with any foreign nation, to prevent the President
from sending a special diplomatic agent to that
country; or, if he is sent, to say that he shall be
sent without hope or expectation of any pay
whatever?
Mr. PHELP8, of Missouri. I an swer the ques-
tion propounded by the gentleman from Kentucky
in the affirmative; and I will state furthermore,
that if this proviso be adopted, it will prevent the
Minister at Japan from receiving his salary.
Mr. CLAY. Then, as a memberof this House,
and as a member of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, I am decidedly opposed to this amend-
ment. It may be necessary to the interests of
this great country that, in case of war, the Pres-
identshould send a diplomatic agent abroad. The
effect might be to sacrifice the interests of the
country, and I hope the amendment will not be
concurred in.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that this is
similar to an ordinary provision which we have
been in the habit of incorporating into appropri-
ation bills, by which we seek to control by our
action the expenditures of the Government. Now,
sir, everybody knows that when you simply re-
duce the appropriatiens for any single item of
appropriation, the practice is for the executive
department to expend whatever they see proper,
and then ask us to appropriate the amount in
the shape of a deficiency at the next session.
Now,I suppose the Senate designed, in adopting
this amendment, to limit the expenditure to the
amount appropriated; and to make that provis-
ion effectual, they say directly that no amount
beyond the appropriations made for this object
shall be expended. I do not apprehend that any
serious calamnity would arise from the failure to
send any new diplomats abroad for the next two
or three years. If the President should,however,
find it necessary to send some one abroad on a
special mission, I see no reason why a future
Congress should not appropriate the amount ne-
cessary to meet the expenditures.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not want to leave it
open for the President to recall these ministers
abroad and appoint others as a reward for par-
tisan services; and especially so at the close of a
Congress,when he will desire to appoint members
of this House who have been repudiated by their
constituents. I am in favor of the amendment.
