1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26.
payable by the Clerk of the House of Representatives,,Sn4
to form a part of the contingent fund of said House, and be
disbursed by the Clerk thereof.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, waa
concurred in.
Fourth amendment i
Strike out the following:
" To pay John 0. Hives one cent fbr every five pages of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix when the same exceeds
three thousand pages for a long session, of Congress, and
fifteen hundred pages tft afehortsessidn of Ctmgress, per act
of X8th of August, 1858, 1,000." .
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
ftiended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
On pages 8 and 9, strike out the following:
"For the Usual additional compensation to the reporters for
the Congressional Globe for reporting the proceedings of tlie
House of Representatives for the first session of the Thirty-
sixth Congress, $800 each, $4,000."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
<of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
that amendment, as the House has determined
not to take the Globe for the next session.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Page 10,line ten,after the word" library," iifeert: " and
pay for binding and other incidental expensesso that the
clause will read
For purchase of law books for said library, and pay for
binding and other incidental expense's, $2,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in that amendment, believing that these
matters can be paid for out of the contingent fund
of the library.
The amendment was non-concurred in:
Seventh amendment:
After line eleven, insert the following:
For commissioners' fees ior taking testimony on behalf
of Government, fees of witnesses, and of agents or attor-
neys to be appointed by the Solicitor to attend to the taking
of depositions, under tlie second and third sections of the
act entitled " An act to establish a court for the investiga-
tion of claims agamsa the United States." approved the 24th
of February, 1853, to bo disbuised, under the Solicitor, by
such marshals as he shall direct, or other suitable agent to
be appointed by him, §'5,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That amendment
proposes to make the usual appropriation to de-
fray the expenses of taking; testimony on the part
of the Government in cases of claims against the
Government contested in the Court of Claims.
The amount was omitted in the annual estimates.
The Committee of Ways and Means recommend
a concurrence.
The amendment was concurrod in. #
Eighth amendment:
In the clause providing for contingent expenses of Exec-
utive office, after the word u three" insert " hundred bo
that the clause will read :
For contingent expended of the Executive office, includ-
ing stationery therefor, §350.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That merely cor-
rects a clerical error.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
At the end of the following clause,ce For blank-books,
binding, stationery, miscellaneous expenses, and postage,
$b0U;  add:
And tlint the time fixed by law, withm which the cied
itojy of the late Republic of IVxa*. may file their claims at
the Treasury D« p,utment be, and the tame is heieby, ex-
tended to the lai day ot Januaiy, 1801.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Tiic Committee j
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in that amendment.
Mr. BRYAN. 1 trust the committee wiil con-
cur in the amendment, it simply extends the
time within which the creditors of Texas may
file their chums at the Treasury Department.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Will it require any
more money to satisfy the claims if the time is
extended ?
Mr. BRYAN. Not a dollar; the money to pay
the claims is in the Treasury.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Then I can see no ob-
jection to the amendment.
Tlie amendment was concuired in.
Tenth amendment:
To enable the ^ecretaiy of Wai to employ temporary
clerk;. in th.' oilier of tile Q-umterina^ter GenoidI, un bounty
land btiivice, .52,000.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
that amendment. A n estimate of $5,000 was sub-
mitted to us for the purpose. Two thousand dol-
lars is necessary to pay the expense of a clerk in
the Quartermaster General's office, who is engaged
in certifying the applications of teamsters for
bounty land warrants.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Page 32, line one, strike out " $30,000," anfl insert
" $74,800so that the paragraph, as amended, s'hall read:
For wages of workmen and adjusters, $74,800.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This is ah ap-
propriation for the wages df workmen in thePhtl-
adelphiaMint. The estimate submitted was for
$74,800 for the next fiscal' year. The House re-
duced the appropriation to $30,000. The Senate
have restored the estimate. The Committee of
Ways and Means originally reported the estimate
of the Department, bat in accordance with the de-
cision of the House, they now recommend a non-
concurrence in the amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth-amendment:
Page 32, line fifteen, increase the appiopropriatioa to
$165,493, so that the paragraph, as amended, shall read:
For wages of workmen and adjusters, $105,493.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This is for the
mint at San Francisco, California. The House,
it will be recollected, reduced the estimate, which
the Senate has restored. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Page 32, line twenty, strike out "$22,000." and insert
"$40,000;'* so that the paragraph, as amended, shall read:
For wages of workmen, $45,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That is for the
assay office of the city of New York. The Sen-
ate have restored the estimate which the House
reduced. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Page 33, line one, strike out "$15,000," and insert
" $34,000so that the paragraph as amended shall read:
For wages of workmen, $31,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That is the ap-
propriation for the wages of workmen at the mint
of New Orleans. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment of the Senate restoring the estimate
cut down by the House.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Strike out the following clauses from the bill:
" Territory of Oregon.—For salaries of Governor, three
judges, and Secretary, $12,500.
" For contingent expenses of said Territory, $1,500.
" For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officer5;, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, $20,000."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. These are the
appropriations for theTerrkory of Oregon, which,
since her admission as a State, are rendered un-
necessary. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend a concurrence in the Senate amend-
ment striking out thejg appropriations.
The amendment concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Strike out " §1,5(10," and insert " $6,500," in the follow-
ing clause ot the bill:
" For contingent expenses of said Territory, $1,500."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Insert as follows :
Foi deficiencies in the contingent expenses of Kansas,
being the amount incurred during theadmuustiation of gov-
ernment by J. W. Denvei on that account, $0,275 22.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman,
these were expenses incurred by Governor Den-
ver beyond the appropriations made for that pur-
pose, while he was Governor of that Territory, in
his efforts "to preserve peace and prosperity in
Kansas. The vouchers have been submitted to
the Department. They say there is no objection
to their payment; that the expenses are reason-
able; but that there is no appropriation out of
which frhey can be paid. The appropriation, how-
ever, does not quite conform to tlie statement of the
Secretary of State, and the Committee of Ways
and Means have instructed me to move that the
amount be changed so as to make it conform.
Mr. GROW. I would inquire of the gentle-
man, if the same kind of expenses were not in-
curred, by Governor Geary? If so, I am against
this amendment, unless both claims can be in-
cluded.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is for a differ-
ent kind of expenditure.
Mr. GROW. I know that Governor Geary
has a claim to the amount of several hundred
dollars.
Mr. LETCHER. There is a further amend-
ment which the Committee of Ways and Means
directed to be offered to this paragraph, making
it apply not only to Governor Denver, but to the
other Governors who have preceded him in that
Territory. There is a letter from the State De-
partment, which I have not here at this moment,
giving the precise amount due to each. I sup-
pose the fact that the other names are not inserted
in the Senate amendment was a mistake on their
part.
Mr. GROW. Do you propose to put in any
other names ?
Mr. LETCHER. We propose to put in the
names of the others.
Mr, GROW. Then I have no objection to the
amendment in that shape.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. My recollection
differs from that of my colleague on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I think the claim
of Governor Denver himself amounts to about
the sum contained in the amendment of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. LETCHER. I think not. The letter of
the Secretary of State will show, as soon as I
can get it.
Mr. HOWARD. The State Department re-
ported two kinds of deficiencies in the Territory
of Kansas. One was what they called contin-
gent expenses, and the other what they called
extraordinary expenses.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; but it is the con-
tingent expenses we are now providing for.
Mr. HOWARD. That is true. According to
the letter of the Secretary of State, Governor
Geary has a claim for extraordinary expenses, of
Mr. GROW. I would suggest that this amend-
ment be passed over informally, until we can get
the letter of the Secretary of State.
The amendment was informally,passed over.
Eighteenth amendment:
Strike out the following paragraph:
" For salaries of the Attorney General, and tlie clerks and
messenger in his office, $14,967."
And inseit in lieu thereof, as follows:
For salaiies of the Attorney General, and assistant, and
the clerks and messenger in his office, $14,367: Provided,
That the Attorney General, in place of six clerks now em-
ployed in his office, be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point one assistant, learned m the law, at an annual salary
of $3,000 ; two third-class clerks, at salaries of $1,600 each;
and one second class clerk, at a salary of $1,400; and that
the said Attorney General be authorized, when necessary,
to employ temporaiy clerks: Provided, That the allow-
ances to mk'Ii temporary clerks shall, in no one year, ex-
ceed $1,000 : Provided, al<:o. That all moneys hereafter
drawn out of the Treasury, upon the requisition of the At-
torney General, shall be disbursed by such disbursing officer
as the Secretaiy of the Tieaeury may designate.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will state that
this amendment does not in any manner increase
the expenses of the Department for clerical force,
but simply allows the Attorney General to regu-
late his force in his own manner. On the con-
trary, the sum appropriated for his expenditure
hereafter is something less than that heretofore.
Instead of having so many clerks, thoy are to be
fewer in number; while the salaries of some of
them are to be increased. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
that amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. I am opposed to the Attorney General be-
ing represented by proxy. He is selected because
of his character and capacity and legal knowledge
for the discharge of the duties confided to liim;
and I have no idea of hts having an assistant to
whom he may delegate the management of his
business. Let him have his clerks, and let them
gttend to drawing up his briefs. I am opposed
to this indirect mode of upsetting the law.
Mr. PHILLIPS. It is not contemplated to
create any such officer as the gentleman refers to.
It is not contemplated to give the assistant any
