1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
oceanic canal, with its commercial advantages,
was an ostensible, rather than a real object; but,
sir, there is no concealing the fact that this con-
sideration did operate upon the country at large,
however little it.may have influenced our Gov-
ernment. Sir, at the time this treaty was negoti-
ated,so intensely was the publicmind fixed upon
our Pacific, possessions, and, above all, upon the
immense mineral developments in that region,
■which each succeeding day magnified almost be-
yond conception—where gold see'med to grow
as in the garden of Hesperides—that this treaty,
which appeared to facilitate a connection between
ocean and ocean, and thereby to enable us, al-
most by stretching forth the hand, to seize upon
the glittering treasures of the Pacific coast, left
us unmindful of its ulterior political effect. And
as Atlanta, though fabled for her fleetness, yet
pausing a moment to grasp the golden fruit, was
distanced by her competitor, so we, too, intent
upon the golden treasures that suddenly dazzled
our vision, have permitted a rival to stride be-
tween us and the goal of our ambition, who now
threatens to distance us in the mighty race for
empire.
I have endeavored, sir, to look at the question
of the abrogation of this treaty calmly, and to
give all due weight to such suggestions of my
own mindas'seemei} to be obstacles to that course;
but I must say, sir, in all frankness and candor,
that those suggestions have not for a moment
been able to outweigh, or even to poise in the
balance, the important considerations of State pol-
icy that imperatively demand its abrogation.
But it is sometimes said that war would be the
consequence; that we are unprepared for war;
that England, with her five hundred battle-ships,
would blockade our harbors, bombard our cities,
"and sweep our commerce from the ocean. If it
has come, sir, to this, that there is potency in an
argument of this character, then have we sun^£,
indeed, to the lowest depth of degradation; a
degradation which has but one parallel in history.
It is to be found in a chapter of Livy, wherein he
recounts the capitulation of the Romans to the
Gauls, and when the former even dared to re-
monstrate against the false weights of the Gauls,
being thus made to pay a greater price than the
treaty called for, Brennus, the Gallic chieftain,
threw his sword into the scales with the exclama-
tion, " Woe to the vanquished
Sir, hard as this treaty was to bear, we have
borne it. Dear as was the pricc we were to pay,
as the consideration on our part, we have paid it
•—the price of diminished influence; the price of
curtailed empire and dominion; the price of hum-
bled pride. And now, sir, when we object to the
false measure of construction that England would
apply to this treaty, and which would make our
burden under it greater than we could bear, we
are told that war will be the consequence. Sir,
be assured that such contumely will be losented
in this case as in the parallel I have cited; not, in-
deed , in the person of a Camillus, but in the proud
and independent spirit of a free people. The Amer-
ican people will never submit to it, sir; not though
England's armies were as many as her acts of ag-
gression, and her navies more numerous than the
treaties she has ruthlessly violated. _
There is, sir, but one further question for atten-
tion. Can we abrogate this treaty without a vio-
lation of good faith ? For myself, sir, I do not
doubt it. I prgsume no man doubts it seriously;
I have not even heard it mooted. There can be
no umpires between sovereignties. Each must
judge for itself—must be its own umpire. And,
sir, as our own umpire, and trying this case in
foro conscientim, we could not do otherwise than
justify this proceeding on our part. Above all,
'sir, let us act m this matter at once. Every day's
delay redounds to our disadvantage. Ceniral
America would have been Americanized ere this
had it not been for this treaty. Under its opera-
tion, and in order to carry it out, our vessels have
been boarded and attached by the officers .°f°"r
Governmentafter their decks were noisy with the
tread of immigrants, their canvas already filling
with the breeze, and their prows turned towards the
narrow land of the tropics. Letus then atonce ab-
rogate this treaty, plant ourselves upon the Mon-
roe doctrine, and trust to a righteous cause and
the invincible spirit of our people for the conse-
quences. ,
Sir, a word more and I shall have done. Ine
State of Virginia is about to erect, in Holywood
cemetery, a monument to the memory of James
Monroe. Under the supervision of her present
distinguished Chief Magistrate, we may expect it
to be worthy of the object it seeks to commemo-
rate.
Let us, as the Representatives of the whole
Union, imitate her example. Let us do it, sir, not
by building a temple of iron or of bronze; not by
developing in the marble its latent forms of beau-
ty; nor yet by peopling these walls through the
genius of the pencil, with images almost .starting
into life. But let us do it by incorporating into
our foreign policy, as a fundamental principle, the
doctrine already consecrated by his name. Sir,
let this Administration commit itself at once and
unreservedly to the Monroe doctrine. And,-sir,
let it enforce it. Let it do this, and it may pro-
claim to the world, not in the spirit of classic fancy
and poetic license, but in the language of sober-
ness and truth: " Exesi monumentwn, otre peren-
nium"—"I have built a monument more enduring
than brass." A monument whose majestic out-
lines will be visible through the reflecting telescope
of history long after Holywood cemetery and its
Gothic temple shall have been forgotten, and the
very spot which is now the receptacle of the illus-
trious dead shall have perhaps become the habit-
ation of the living.
Mr. GIDDINGS obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the gentleman
from Ohio does not desire to proceed to-day, I
would like to proceed to the consideration of an-
other appropriation bill.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will say that it is always
my wish to aid the Committee of Ways and
Means in the discharge of their duties; and I will
yield if it is the general understanding that I shall
have the floor to-morrow.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Ohio would undoubtedly have the floor when-
ever we shall resume the consideration of the Pres-
ident's annual message. 1 propose that, for the
time being, we shall lay that aside and take up
for consideration the diplomatic and consular ap-
propriation bill, under the expectation,and under
the hope, that the members of the committee will
.confine their remarks to the subject-matter of that
bill.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman consents that we shall go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to-
morrow, upon the President's message?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I think there is
a special order in Committee of the Whole, to-
morrow.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Is it the intention to take
the President's message out of committee for the
present ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Not at all.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I yield.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move, then, to
lay aside the President's message, and take up the
bill I have indicated.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that the
committee rise, in order to proceed to the business
before the House before we go into committee
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Georgia will permit me to say that the gen-
tleman from Ohio only gave way that an appro-
priation bill mightbe taken up at this time. I sup-
pose the gentleman from Oliio would prefer to
proceed now, if that is not done.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia was rightly entitled to the floor to move that
the committee rise. If he insists upon the motion,
the Chair will put the question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the gentle-
man from Ohio does not prefer to go on now, I
insist on my motion.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Ohio, I un-
derstand, is willing to yield to the appiopriation
bills; but if they cannot be taken up, he prefers
to go on this evening.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I with-
draw my motion."
THE ISSUE ITS HISTORY.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chairman, two days
since my friend from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,]
took occasion to call attention to the great issue
which now divides the people of these States. I
listened to him.with unusual pleasure. I fully
accorded with his views. It is certain that one of
our political organizations holds that ft State or a
Territory when forming a State constitution, act-
ing within our Federal powers, may authorize
its people" to enslave a portion of mankind, doom
them to live without knowledge, to grope „^heir
way to physical death amid the darkness of moral
and intellectual night! The other party emphati-
cally denies those doctrines, declaring that human
governments are limited in their just powers by
the law of eternal right and wrong, and can im-
part to no. man authority or moral right to rob,
enslave, or murder his fellow-beings; that the ob-
ject and duty of governments are to protect every
human soul m the enjoyment of life, liberty, and
happiness.
These positions are antagonistic. The gulf that
separates the Republican and Democratic parties
is broad and deep; one reasoning and acting for
freedom, the other for slavery, it becomes impos-
sible for then} to agree on any collateral question.
The President, in his message, has spoken for
his party. In the first paragraph, he recognizes
the dogma that human souls may be enslaved and
transformed into property; and the entire message
constitutes'an argument for extending th| curse
of human bondage. If his predicate be correct,
his efforts to acquire Cuba and parts of Mexico
and Central America cannot be wrong. Indeed,
his labors in behalf of the foreign and domestic,
slave trade are based upon the doctrines of his
party; and those men who are now engaged in
bringing African slaves into Georgia and other
southern States must stand or fall with the party
whose doctrines they support; for if slavery be
right, the slave trade cannot be wrong.
I have often spoken on this subject, and do not
intend to enlarge upon it at this time. I have de-
fined the issue thus briefly for the purpose of call-
ing attention to some incidents m that train of
events which developed this issue with the same
moral certainty with which effect always follows
cause.
I am led to the discharge of this duty from the
consideration that I have long participated in
those incidents, and have been somewhat familiar
with many of the measures which have conduced
to the bringing of this great question before the
country. 1 am also induced to do this from the
consideration that many honest men are desirous
that the Republicans shall modify, change, or aban-
don their doctrines.
It is certain that our principles were promulgated
in the Declaration of Independence: tnat the sign-
ers of that firstcharter of American liberty declared
that all men are endowed by their Creator with
the unalienable, the abstract right to enjoy life,
liberty, and happiness; and that the framers of
the Constitution, recognizing this primal doctrine,
ordained " that no person shall be deprived of
life, liberty, or property, without due process of
law.'.' Our doctrine seems to have met with uni-
versal approval, except by the Tories of that day,
up to the year 1791; and the first denial of it by
any Whig was published by Thomas Paine, in
his essay upon " the Rights of Man," wherein he
declares that " whatever a whole nation chooses
to do, it has a right to do." No person can fail to
see the identity of this doctrine with that now pro-
claimed by the Democratic party, alleging that the
people of a Territory, in framing a constitution,
may, without injustice, authorize slavery if they
choose. The doctrines of Paine and of the Dem-
ocratic party are identical in denying that human
governments are limited by the law of eternal right
and wrong. They agree that the people of a na-
tion or State may, if they .choose, authorize mur-
der, robbery, and piracy; for all these are em-
braced in the term " slavery."
But this doctrine of Paine would probably have
passed unnoticed by the statesmen of that age,
except for a tacit approval by Mr. Jefferson, who
carelessly expressed a desire that the work might
be reprinted. The approval, however, referred
to the work as a whole, and not to this particular
dogma. But this circumstance called out John
ftuincy Adams, at that time a young lawyer of
Boston, who, in a series of well-considered arti-
cles, exposed the error of Paine, and clearly de-"
monstrated the limited power of human govern-
ments showed their inability to change the
natural or innate character of any act; that mur-
der, or piracy, or robbery, is inherently wicked
and criminal, rendered so by the immutable law
