344
®r JK Js
..t C>  
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
of rightand Wrong, and must retain their inherent
wickedness, though ten thousand human statutes
pronounce them just, and authorize their commis-
sion; that the legitimate powers of government
extend to the protection, and not to the destruction
of man's inestimable rights. This vindication of
the self-evident truths promulgated in the Dec-
laration of Independence, and repeated in the Con-
■ stitution, was published while most of the signers
of that great charter of liberty, and most of the
framers of the Constitution, were living. It em-
anated from-the son of one of the most distin-
guished of those patriots. It attracted the atten-
tion of General Washington, then President of
tfie IX'trited States, who soon after tendered to
young Adams a foreign mission. Every person
will see the perfect identity of the views pro-
claimed by Mr. Adams and those avowed by the
Republican party.
The institution of slavery was then acknowl-
edged to be wrong: In the language of Henry
Clay it was " looked upon as a curse—a curse to
the slave, and agrevious curse to the master," a
crime which they were constrained to tolerate, but
could not justify.
The people of the free States regarded it as a
relic of the more barbarous ages, unsuited to
Christian civilization, and they repudiated and
abolished it.
But the southern States suffered it to remain
undisturbed until it became chronic, and men be-
gan to look round for arguments in favor of its
continuance. Those of more desperate character
began to deal in slaves, making merchandise in
human flesh their regular vocation. Planters be-
gan-to look upon these crimes as common, became
familiar with them, and eventually justified their
.perpetration by what they termed the necessity
of surrounding circumstances. Of course, they
viewed'northern men, who advocated universal
freedom and justice to all, with distrust, and soon
after with determined opposition. This feeling
became so strong as to defeat the election of Mr.
Adams to the Presidency in 1828, although his
previous administration had been able, pure, and
patriotic.
It was the good fortune of that renowned states-
man to have lived at the time when the Declara-
tion of Independence was promulgated. 'He had
mingled freely with the patriots who devoteil their
lives to the supportofits " self-evident truths;"he
had drank deeply at the fountains of liberty; he
had fully imbibed the spirit of that heroic age.
Soon after his defeat in the presidential campaign,
he became amemberofthis body; and while here
he adhered most strictly to the doctrines of the
Revolution, and strove to develop the real issue
which then existed between slave and free labor.
While the slave power was constantly persecuting
him, endeavoring to prostrate his influence, he
was laboring to bring out to the public view the
secret doctrines and motives which controlled
its a'dvocates. If gentlemen will consult the de-
bates of this body during the time he served here,
or his biography, they will find that he was con-
stantly endeavoring to develop the precise issue
now existing between the Republican and Demo-
cratic parties. I may be permitted to cite an in-
stance. In 1S44, the Legislature of Massachusetts
sent to this House a memorial, asking an amend-
ment of the Constitution, so as to apportion the
representation in Congress according to the free
population of the several States. It was referred
to a select committee of nine members, some of
whom were regarded as among the ablest states-
men oftheSomh. As chairman, Mr. Adamsdrew
up a report. It was based upon the self-evident
truths, that all men have equal right to live, to that
liberty which is necessary to acquire knowledge
and attain happiness. Itwasreau to the commit-
tee and considered maturely. Of the eight mem-
bers besides himself, I alone signed this report;
but no one denied its doctrines. He and I had
hoped that Governor Gilmer, of Virginia, and ;
Other southern members would have had the moral j
courage to admit or deny its principles; but they
evidently feared to do so. j
I will give another instance illustrating his con- 1
fidence m the truths of that instrument. When
southern men had long been in the habit of threat-
ening a dissolution of the Union, some people of
Massachusetts became tired of the bombast, and
_ sent a petition to this body praying Congress to
take measures for the peaceful and immt-diute
separation of the States composing-our Confed-
eracy. Its presentation by Mr. Adams created
great sensation in this body; and a resolution of
censure was immediately offered: and the aged
patriot was forthwith arraigned at the bar of the
House. The enemies of freedom were loud in
their exultation; they fully expected to prostrate
his influence. A distinguished and eloquent son
of Kentucky was appointed to manage the pros-
ecution. Some of Mr. Adams's friends faltered;
others became alarmed, and made indecent haste
to deny all sympathy with him, and publicly to
repudiate his doctrines; but these things did not
move him. A deep and absorbing interest per-
vaded this body and the community generally.
Every member was in his seat. The spacious
galleries were crowded to their utmost capacity.
Against him were arrayed Gilmer and Wise and
Cooper and Johnson, and a host of distinguished
men from the slave States. Marshall led the as-
sault in an able and effective-speech, showing, to
the apparent satisfaction of all southern mem-
bers, that Mr. Adams had been guilty of treason
to the people and to the Government of these
States, by presenting the petition.
As Marshall closed, the distinguished states-
man rose from his seat: his movements were de-
liberatei and his whole bearing was dignified.
His form was erect under the weight of nearly
four-score years. There he stood, venerable for
his age, for his great learning, for his important
services, for the high honors bestowed on him.
He entered upon no argument: he put forth none
of that teruble invective which had so often
caused his enemies to tremble and turn pale: he
merely called for the reading of the " first para-
graph in the Declaration of Independence," and
the Clerk read that portion which sets forth the
natural rights of "all men to life, liberty, and
happiness:" and with unusual emphasis he read
that part which declares " governments to be con-
stituted among men to secure the enjoyment of
their rights;" and when he had read the sentence
which declares that, "whenever any form of gov-
ernment becomes destructive of these ends, it is
the right and the duty of the people to modify
or abolish it," Mr. Adams stopped him, and in
a loud, distinct, and solemn voice, repeated the
last member of the sentence, then turning to the
Speaker, he declared t( if there be any princi-
ple dear to the American heart it is the right of
the people to modify or abolish their Government
whenever it becomes destructive of the liberties
or happiness of any portion of its inhabitants."
And having avowed these doctrines as the basis
of his vindication he boldly challenged them to
the issue. Every person present felt the strength
of his position. XIis stalwart foes were suddenly
prostrated. His persecutors were confounded:
not one of their number could bo persuaded to
admit or deny those great truths.
It is also due to the truth of history to say that
other members sympathized with Mr. Adams,
and assisted him m these efforts, in a greater or
less degree, according to the interest which they
felt in the subject. Among those most active
were Hon. William Slade of Vermont, Hon.
Seth M. Gates of New York, and at a later per-
iod, Hons. John P. Hale and Amos Tuck, of
New Hampshire, and John G. Palfrey of Massa-
chusetts. Indeed, I shall not soon forget the ex-
pression of the aged patriot, when his learned
colleague (Mr. Palfrey) closed his first able
speech in favor of human rights; the counte-
nance of the " old man eloquent"seemed radiant
with hope as he exclaimed ( " thank God the seal
is broken; the seal is broken; Massachusetts is no
longer silent." The lovers of liberty m this body,
saw at that period most clearly, that men holding
the doctrine of the republican fathers, would nev-
er seek to wield the power of Congress, or of the
Federal Government, to enslave mankind, or to
deprive them of those rights with which the God
of nature had endowed them. They well under-
stood that the real issue was based upon primal
truths, although southern men would not, nay,
dared not acknowledge it. Mr. Adams labored
through life to bring out the real facts to the pub-
lic view. It was his ruling principle which ex-
hibited itself strong1 in death. I visited him while
prostrate upon what was then supposed his death-
bed.' In the silent chamber, I sat beside the dy-
ing patriot. His lamp of life seemed flickering
in its socket: his voi'e'e was feeble', but his w'o'rds
were earnest. I told him that his physician
feared to have him converse upon any subject
likely to excite emotion. Looking me full in the
face, said he, '' 1 am on the verge of -eternity; I
shall never meet you again in this world; I must
talk;" and he proceeded to say that he had no
hope for the perpetuity of our Government, 6r
for the liberty of our people, except that which
was based upon its return to the doctrines on
which it had been originally founded; and he ex-
horted me to exert whatever influence I could for
the attainment of that object. He subsequently
lingered awhile between this and the spirit-
world, until the kind angel whispered his release
to a higher sphere.
Mr. Chairman, I am at times led; in my own
mind, to compare the anxiety of the dying Adams
to form the present issue, with that of some living
politicians to abandon it. He, however, had the
benefit of great experience. He saw and knew 1
that the slave power wielded the Government; that
the interests of the institution guided the legisla-
tion of Congress and controlled the executive ac-
tion; it made and unmade our United States Bank;
it fostered our domestic manufactures, and thin
made war upon our manufacturing interests; it
dictated a protective tar iff, and then repudiated
the policy; it encourageds then abandoned the
iron interest, just as the prosperity of slave labor
seemed to require. And when from this forum
members endeavored to give information to the
people, their hps were sealed by gag rules; the
freedomof debate was stricken down,and thenght
of petition denied, that slavery might be encour-
aged. Every measure and policy of Government
was made to bend to the interest of that institu-
tion. These things were clearly seen by Mr. Ad-
ams and his cotemporaries; and their efforts to
bring out those important facts to the understand-
ing of the people were constant and unyielding.
To me it was then incomprehensible how any man
could expect that the Government would do justice
to the laborers of our free States while its whole
patronage and influence were exerted in favor of
the most arrant despotism towards the laborers of
the South. Some southern members were more
consistent. They boldly asserted that labor must
everywhere be compulsory; that both in the North
and South the capitalists owned the laborers;
that the influence and powers of the Government
should, therefore, be exerted for the protection
of capitalists, and leave them to take care of the
laborers; and they wielded its powers for that
object. I was then, as now, incapable of compre-
hending how an issue in regard to the tariff, or
upon any other collateral question, could effect a
radical reform in our Government. The neces-
sity of basing our political efforts upon the essen-
tial truths avowed by our republican fathers was
most obvious.
I had assisted in trying the experiment of uni-
ting men of conflicting principles for the purpose
of carrying the election in 1840, and driving the
Democratic party from power. I labored earn-
estly for the election of Harrison and Tyler, be-
lieving that if we succeeded, we should, among
other reforms, regain the freedom of debate in
this body. After the result was known, and while
the President elect was on his way to this city, I
made an effort to speak on the subject of slavery.
I was met at every step by slaveholders and by
gag rules, but I succeeded. My friends regarded
my effort as successful; as an achievement. But
the President, whom I had assisted to elect, ex-
pressed his abhorrence of all attempts to agitate
the question of human rights; and when, after
his arrival, I called at his quarters to pay him the
customary respect, he gave me such unequivocal
evidence of his indignation, that I was constrained
to surrender my own self-respect, or to withhold
all further manifestations of respect for him.
While he lived, his influence was exerted in favor
of the gag-rules—in favor of slavery; and the next
year I was publicly censured and driven from my
seat in this body, for avowing doctrines which
no slaveholder dare deny; but they united with
northern servilesto censure me for uttering truths
on which no man of reputation presumed to take
issue. This occurred under a Whig Administra-
tion, for whose election I had labored most earn-
estly; and by a House, a large majority of whose
members belonged to the party with whom I had
always acted. These facts illustrate the fallacy
of uniting conflicting element's merely t'o ca'rry an
