1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
election. They show that -when the Executive
thus elected assumes any definite policy in regard
to slavery, the party at once dissolves into its
original elements, and the various factions turn
their weapons against each other. The disband-
ment of the Whig party in 1841 left no remaining
doubt on the minds of independent thinking men,
that a political party to become permanent must
base its organization upojn immutable fruth; and
the failure of President Tyler to carry out the
views of the party who elected him, constituted
an important step towards the development of our
present issue.
Mr. Clay, the Whig candidate in'1844,was
committed to our doctrines; but by surrendering
his opposition to the annexation of Texas, he lost
the support of a portion of the northern vote, and
was, therefore, defeated. His failure constituted
another lesson to politicians, against the policy of
uniting political opponents for the mere purpose
of carrying an election.
The annexation of Texas, with the avowed pur-
pose of extending and eternizing slavery, consti-
tutes another important chapter in the progress of
events, showing that the Democratic party then
acted upon the doctrines bow avowed; while they
evaded every effort to compel them to show their
colors.
In 1848, the two great parties in their national con-
ventions, and in theirpiatforms, carefully avoided
any issue upon the subject of slavery. But such
was the popular feeling, that a new party was
formed; and although it did not adopt the rights
of mankind, enunciated in the Declaration of In-
dependence, as the basis of its organization, it
founded its claims to support upon its devotion to
freedom. Its numbers were respectable, and so
many votes were drawn from the Democratic party
that the Whigs elected their candidate. But the
new Administration, upon its entrance into office,
was beset with the same difficulties which sur-
rounded that of General Harrison in 1841. Gen-
eral Taylor could find no doctrine nor policy on
which he had been elected,-or to which he had
been committed. Of coursc the conflicting ele-
ments were unable to unite; they separated, and
the party disbanded, and the necessity for select-
ing immutable truth as the basis for a political
organization became still more apparent.
At the assembling of the Thirty-First Congress,
some eight members separated from the old
parties, avowing their determination to vote for
no man to the office of Speaker who hesitated to
pledge himself so to arrange the committees as to
secure respectful reports upon northern petitions
in regard to slavery. Both of the leading organi-
zations saw that this would at once develop the
great issue which they feared, and they rejected
the proposition. Under those circumstances no
candidate could Command a majority of the
votes, and after a contest of three weeks they
united in a resolution, declaring that the member
receiving the highest number of votes should be
elected. The Democratic candidate was thus
elected, and the Whig party actually died by its
^efforts to avoid all examination of the cause which
defeated its measures. From that day it appears
only in history. But it were in vain for historians
to record transpiring events, if statesmen, politi-
cians, and people close their eyes to the obvious
teachings of these examples, and strive to main-
tain a political party composed of discordant ele-
ments, with no common principle on which all can
unite.
The advocates of liberty had greatly increased
in 1852. Their national convention was charac-
terized for its dignity and the high moral and po-
litical character of its members. Its platform of
principles was more elevated and statesmanlike
than had been previously put. forth by any polit-
ical party. Butas neither of the old organizations
openly denied the truths of our Declaration of In-
dependence, the friends of freedom forbore to re-
iterate them, as such reiteration would constitute
no issue with either of the other parties.
They had denounced all agitation upon the sub-
ject of slavery; indeed, they avoided making any
issue between themselves. Neither denied any
doctrine or policy which the other asserted; and
this timidity determined many of their members
to take a more distinct position, whenever an op-
portunity should be presented. The people gen-
erally felt it unbecoming intelligent men, unwor-
thy of the descendants of our revolutionary sires,
to fear the investigation or the public discussion
of human rights.
Fortunately, at'that time the people who had
settled in Kansas were calling for a territorial
government. That region had been solemnly con-
secrated to freedom; and the right of its inhabit-
ants to life, liberty, and property, was again to be
recognized or denied by Congress. It appeared
inevitable that members of this body must be
driven from their hidingplaces. I had, for some
years, looked to that period with hope and ex-
pectation that it would bring out to the public view
the issue between liberty and slavery. But the
chairman of the Senate's Committee on Territo-
ries, feeling the difficulty of his position, and de-
sirous of retaining the confidence of his constitu-
ents, and at the same time to avoid a conflict with
the slave power, determined to adhere to the old
expediency of evasion; yet he appeared undecided
and vacillating. He reported his bill to organize the
Territory, then moved its recommitment, changed
it, and re-reported it; and finally resolved on de-
nying the right of Congress to enforce within our
Territories that provision of the Constitution
which declares that " no person shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property, without due process
of law;" and to assert in opposition to this dis-
tinct declaration that the people of a Territory
may, if they choose, deprive a portion of the
human family of life, liberty, and property—may
rob them of their intelligence, their manhood.
This doctrine being so modified as to limit the
powerof excluding s\a.very to the convention which
might frame their State constitution, became, for
the time being, the avowed doctrine of their party j
leaders; and, after the lapse of more than sixty \
years, the dogma put forth by Mr. Paine in 1791 !
was avowed m the Senate, and by individuals of
the party throughout the nation. The advocates
of this atheism attempted to sanctify it by calling
it" popularsoveieignty,"and"&rguedthatapeop!e |
when forming a government may authorize piracy j
and murder and robbery, if they choose to do so; :
that the right to enslave our fellow-men consti- I
tuted one of the very elements of " self-govern-1
ment.,} j
This avowal of unlimited tyranny without ref- !
erence to the Constitution or to that eternal law
of right and wrong, which was ordained by na-
ture 's God, so aroused the people at the elections
in 1854 that the Democrats were left in a minority
in this body.
But the Opposition was composed of conflicting
elements; some were slaveholders, some Ameri-
cans, but most'of them were Republicans, >They 1
could not unite in the clcction of Speaker, or on
any subject touching slavery. The Republicans >
adopted resolutions pledging their support to any ;
member who would so arrange the committees as 1
to secure respectful reports on northern petitions 1
in regard to slavery, precisely as the advocates of ;
freedom had done in 1849. The Democratic party !
and fourteen Americans discarded this reasonable 1
proposition; but those factions could not agree !
with each other, and a contest unequaled in our j
political history followed. For nine weeks the
conflict raged, until a distinguished Republican !
from Massachusetts was made Speaker; and it '
seemed that the whole nation must have seen the
necessity for bringing the radical question of hu-
man rights before the people for decision. The i
Democratic party, in 1856, when assembled in
general convention, officially avowed the doctrine
proclaimed by their leaders in 1854. Thus, by .
the force of circumstances was that party driven, !
step by step, after more than twenty years' resist-1
ance, to take a definite position in regard to the ,
greatestqueslion which everagitated the Christian '
world. These circumstances had been created by
Adams and Slade and Gates and Palfrey and Hale
and King and Allen and Wilmot and Root and I
Durkee and Julian, and other members of Con- :
gress, and by societies and lecturers and editors
who had labored among the people, to drive the '
advocates of oppression to an avowal of their doc-}
trines. i
To effect this object, I had toiled for many years, j
I had, in this body, asserted the doctrine of man's j
inalienable rights, and called on gentlemen of the
Democratic party to admit or deny it; but I had
called m vain. I had traveled and spoken in thir-
teen States; I had written essays and newspaper
articles; I had compiled a volume of romantic in- ;
cidents showing the secret workings of the slave ||
power. These had been gathered with gre&fc labor
from more than two hundred documents reposing
in our library under the accumulated dust of mamr
years. To expose this moral and political ian-
delity, I had encountered southern opposition and
northern distrust; and I greatly rejoieedto see that
party compelled to avow its doctrines; for I "well
knew that the avowal of its principles would show
that its days were numbered.
_ When the Republicans met in national conven-
tion, in June- 1856, but one alternative lay before
them: they were constrained to take position upon
the undying truths promulgated in the Declara-
tion of Independence, and perpetuated in the Fed-
eral Constitution, or to discard those doctrines,
repudiate the Constitution, and unite with the
Democratic party. The platform of the Repub-
lican party was a necessity, rendered imperious
by circumstances. So obvious was this necessity,
that in the committee appointed to draw up a con-
fession of political faith not a member seemed to
entertain a doubt upon the subject. I was my-
self one of the committee, and speak from actual
knowledge. The entire platform, as it now stands,*
was adopted by a unanimous vote, and reported
to the convention, which adopted it without a dis-
senting voice.
The issue thus formed was afterwards confirmed
by the Supreme Court, acting as the agent of the
slave power. That tribunal, unable to contra-*
diet or evade the language of the Declaration of
Independence, insulted the intelligence and com-
mon sense of the people by gravely deciding that
the signers of that instrument said that which they
did not mean, and intended that which they did noP^
say. But that decision transferred the issue to the
record. It has passed into history, and will re-
main subject to the inspection of future genera-
tions. Our party was founded on these doctrines.
By the inherent force of these principles it has
increased beyond all precedent. The Republican
States now include two thirds of our free popula-
tion. This platform was framed and adopted by
a convention authorized by the people, and must
remain until another convention of like powers
shall assemble. Men who deny these doctrines
may vote with us, preferring our organization to
that of the Democratic party. We should treat
them kindly; encourage them in every proper
manner; but we cannot claim them as Republi-
cans while they deny our essential doctrines.
Men who believe in, and adhere to, our princi-
ples, do not propose any modification of them;
and those who do not believe them suiely have no
nghtto demand a surrender of them.
*The following is a copy of the Republican platform
adopted, at Philadelphia, June 18,1856:
"Tins convention"of delegates assembled in pursuance
of a cull addiessed to the peoplw of the United States, with-
out legaid to past political differences or divisions, who are
opposed to: The repeal of the Missouri compromise; to
the policy of the present Adrmmstratfon ; to the extension
of slavery uito free termoiy; in lavor of the admission of
Kansas as a free State; of restoring the action of the Fed-
eial Government to the piineiples of Washington ami Jef-
ferson ; and for the purpose of presenting candidates for the
ofiiees of President and Vice President, do resolve:
" 1. Resolved, That the maintenance olthe principles pro-
mulgated in the Decimation of independence, arid embodied
in the Federal Constitution, are essential to the preserva-
tion of our republican interests, and that the rights of the
States must and shall he preserved.
" Resolved, That, with our republican fathers, we hbJd
it to be a self-evident truth, that all men are endowed with
the inalienable right of liberty and the pursuit ot happiness,
and that the primary object and ulterior design of our Fed-
eral Government were to secuie [to secuie the enjoyment
of] these rights to all persons under us exclusive jurisdic-
tion ; that, as our republican fathers, when they had abol-
ished slavery in all our national territory, ordained that no
person shall be deprived of life, libern, or property, without
due process of law, it becomes our duty to maintain this
provision of their Constitution, against allattempts to violate
it for thp purpose of establishing slavery hi the Territories of
the United States, by positive legislation prohibiting its ex-
istence or extension thetem. That we deny the authority of
Congress, of a Territorial Legislatuie, ot any individual, or
association of individuals, to give legal existence to slavery
in any Territory of the United States, while the present
Constitution shall be maintained.
3. Resolved, That the Constitution confers upon Con-
gress soveteign power over the Territories of the United
States for their government, and that in the exercise of
this power it is both the right and the duty of Congress u>
piohibit in the Territories tho&e twin relics of barbarism—
polygumv and slavery.
"4. ilesoZrci, That, while the Constitution of the United
States was ordained and established by the people in order to
fonn a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domes-
tic tranquillity, provide for the common defense, atid se-
cuie tho We^ings of hbeity, and contains ample provisions
for the protection of the hie, liberty, and property of every
citizen, the dearest constitutional rights oi the people of
