1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gross for all the public documents printed by our
order. I earn not where this printing goes to,
who is benefited by it, or who is injured by it. If
it is the purpose of Congress, it it is their honest
intention to avoid the necessity of paying double
composition, I ask that tin* amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana shall not he adopted.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman says,<( Suffi-
cient unto the day is the evil thereof.}> I concur
with the gentleman entirely m that; and propose,
by non-concurring m the amendment of the Sen-
ator, to let the next Congress settle the matter for
themselves.
Mr. HOUSTON. The evil I complain of is
upon us already, and I propose it shall be avoided
for the future.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to. The question recurred on fhe amend-
ment of the Senate, as amended.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and Messrs.
John Cochrane and Andrews veie appointed.
The House was divided;and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 68, noes 63.
So the amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Pec. 5. slml lo U fui'kor evactC'1. That the Seovpt'try of
the Inteuor b-\ and'iie n hereby, directed to cam-o the an-
imal repoit <>i tins (Jonnnis-nonct of Patent-: on mechanics,
lieieaitei to be m.ide to the irei.aie «u>d Us,u*e of R'-pre-
sentat've^, to ho pn pan d and .«ubmitrrt i in mic'i nr.inneras
that the plate* and diawmpj n'-*ce.--:uy to illu-tiata each
s>ubject serial! be ni>eited~o as to com pine ;!) •; entire lepoit
in one volume, not to eceeud eight bundled pagoj.
Mr. PHELPrf, of Missouri. The Commfttee
of Wavs and Moans recommend a concurrence.
Trie amendment was concuried m.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move tliat the
amendments of the Senate be laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
INVALID AND OTME El PEN'S! W.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to take
up the amendments of the Senate to House hill
(No. GC2) making appropi iations for the payment
o( in valid and other pensions of the TJninul States,
for the year ending 30th June, loGj. There are
only thiee amendments. I am veiy des^^us that
the House shall act upon tho amendments acted
on in committee, in oider that they may be sent ,
early on Monday morning to the Senate, that com-
mittees of confeience may bo appointed. \ do
no; piopnse to take action io-mgnt on mo -Navy
appropriation bill.
Mi. GIIOW. Doc*? the gmsth-mao propose to
rise after the amend me t'tri of the Senate to the
pension bill have been octvd on?
The motion of Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, was
agreed to
Mr. LOVEJOY moved that the committee rise.
The committee refused to rise.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. ] hope, by gen-
era! consent, that the general debate will be tci pa-
lliated and the debate confined to five minutes.
Mr. SEWARD. V object.
Tlie first amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
In the tolio'vm? p.u agruph, i educe tne rpproni'intion from
.5 {O.uUD in 0U0
u Foi penMotn under r.ct-s of the 18th March, ISIS, loth
May. lfcJS. and 7th June, lc-3.}, £ lo,wX).;<
Mr. PfiELPo, of Muir,oui L That amendment
ought to be defVri >d until the secondanviuim'-nt
is etcted on. it stan-ls or fal's on ih.it amendment.
That second amend "hunt proposes to transfer the
payment of pensions to tho depositaries desig-
nated under the act of IS 16. It i* proposed to
transfer the payment of pensions to postmasters,
&c. If that be done, then this amount ought to
be reduced.
Mr SEvVARD. I move that those officers be
requf/ed fo give bond itnd secuiity.
A Mr-Mr-^it. They do that now.
Mr. ISL7iWALIO. No, sir; not for this money.
The (pK.'tien was taken on the Senate umcid-
meiit;ai!u it i.ms coneuuud in.
Second amendment:
Add The to tl:" hill
the j-t da
M'^lOl)-,
a i.<e e nv 111"
"u:,iie-l'".\ i
. r",d u>
u.-i rn> !l <>'
■,e p..
reeol'.c'
puUn* i.
•or'. •'
 ''d i.i
i'trmi iiTid nft >r
V J lor the [Hie-
. Mtoji.-hed,
i]i>" t: ^h,A
-ai'i euion ot
etLl,..:!,, Ui<Ji: of
tr.ui- ei,
• e. til \>:_'lM ,
6. arid in :he nruniei ;>i --enbed In sh.n net- /J)0
u'da1. however. T!:at the -aid olTieeis '•hall tsoi h? allowed
any addition t! romp Miration f-v th<> d!-.rlhu<*e of the duties
impos-ed on them hv the sa.d  i.uh section ot the act afote-
saith a;- heiem piof-cnbrj.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missonti. I ask to have
read the sixth section of the act providing for the
bettei organization of the Treasury, and for the
collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disburse-
ment of tlie public levenue, so that the commit-
tee mav understand the amendment.
The section was read, it relates to the duties
of Treasurer of the United States, treasurer of
the Mint of the United States, treasurers, and
those acting as such, of tlie various branch mints,
collectors of the customs, surveyors of the cus-
toms, acti !£ as coilectois, assistant treasurers,
receivers of public moneys at the iand offices, and
posrmasfers.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouti. An inquiry has
been made, whether, if the duties of pension agent
weie transfened to the ofRceis named in this sec-
tion of the act, tlie Government would have any
security from them in the event of a misapplica-
tion of the funds ? The section of the law just
read, provides that these officers shall perform
every fiscal duty that may be imposed upon them,
not only by that act, but by any other act of Con-
gress, and that they shall be responsible in case
of the misapplication of funds. There is, there-
fore, a liability fastened upon them, under their
present ofnciaf bonds; and that liabjfey would
also apply to their duties as pension agents. j
Mr. SEWARD. Does the bond given by a j
postmaster cover the duties of pension agent? !
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. His bond is |
drawn in coniphancp with this law, as well as
with tl'o Pes'" Office law.
Mr. yEWARD. The bond of a country post-
mostei won'd not cover the amount that would ;
pass thrc-ivh hi ? ha,%d",under this amendment.
Mr. CLARE il COCHRANE? I see timt it
is provu!'"] th.it no additional compensation shall
be p.od for this seiviee. I as!; the chairman of
the CommiMee of Ways and Means, whether that |
exehidt.^ ec d,,-,i compensation for clerk hire? :
Mr PHELPS, of Mism-iih. Itdois.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. YVdi them be j
any objection to inserting the words "clerk j
hlie r" j
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. None whatever, j
These pension e^-nts ate now allowed, as com- ;
pensation for disbuising, a sum not exceeding j
two per cent, on the amount disbursed. They j
receive no compensation for clerk hire; nor is it j
supposef' by din committee that additional clerk 1
hue will be retpuied by the officers to whom it is I
proposed to twinsfer the duties. They have i
mne!y to examme the vouchers presented, and !
to puy on tnose voneln-rs the sums to which the \
pensione1 s are entith d. i
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. "Well,put in '
this hrni'at!o:i ab-mt clt  k hire. !
Mr. HOWARD. The section has a general !
limitation already; hut if the words " clerk iiiie" I
areins'rted, the limitation will be specific, not )
genera1 j
Mi. HUG-TIES. T desire to call the attention i
of the commuter to ?o'r>o objections which I have ,
to this amendment, a^d which, it seem? to me,
are conclusive against it. In the first place, sir, '
thcreisa technical objection to it. It docs not
projiei ly decci ibe tlie act to \/hich it refers. There '
is no such act as r desc ihes. It refers to "an act;
to provide tor the orgamzurion of the Treasury," |
&.C., w'nLica> the tii'e of tho act is " An act for
i t! kj bet-er oi '\^o ;z ilion of the Treasuiy,'' &c.
I The dr-script ,ou of the act, therefore, is imperfcct 1
; and m(,>n tec.t.
i lint, .sir, sapjiose the act were correctly de-
| scnbed, what docs thisamondmo^t propose todo?
; To abohsh pension agencies, and to devolve the
; payme'- o'' 'Wisioneis, in futute, on certain ofH-
i ceis ae1.ltd. in the ?ux'l: ^e(,r:on ot the act refened '
: to. Y/no are uiese .' tfe'eis ? Ti.w^treis, collect- 1
; or-,; .s,Uii'i others. 2\->vv, I respeeti'ni'y
1 suhni't to the comm.free, that tin.- i.miter ot pay- '
l m:; out r.ens.ci.s lequirt-s cou^iueiahlo skill and
I exneiiee"'- 'i'i C'-i <;ie fosms to be ob>Lrved*,
1 puOiic nan"iVh to be handled: ^nd a considerable
amoeiit <-f t ..s;'Or.s hiht\* so l.\' I or.ie. 1 object to 1
. any enCvCti ii-ut wiuch confers ,-:s every coun'ry
: pottmaL.;-'!' t'i-> of peiusnu.s. Whu is to '
i designe.to the particu iar postmaster who is to per- '
i form th j duitt.-, w uli m a given district of country? .,
Tjiisftct does not do it; nor does, it show howi&is .
to be done. There are many districts in the coun-
try where there is no sub-treasurer, or othef of ;he
officers mentioned in .the law, excepting postmas-
ters; and if this amendment-is adoptee!, the
ment of these pensions must heeessarily.falltBto
the hands of a great many of the .cojuntp.}Cpo9^
masters, who aie utterly incompetent to perform
the duties imoosed on them by this-act-.. 1 .t *]*'
Mr. PHEffrS, of Missouri. I will explain 'to
the gentleman from Indiana why the evil res'ultg
which he anticipates will not flow from the fdo^r
lion of this amendment. In the first place,Ht does
not propose to make each postmaster, or each col-
lector, oreach assistanttreasurer, a pension Eigent.
The Secretary of the Interior is now requirecLby
law to appoint some person to discharge the duty
of pension agent at places designated by law. If
this amendment shall be adopted, he will have no
power to change tlie location of the pension agen-
cies, but he will confer the appointment of pen-
sion agent on the postmaster, the collector, or the
assistant treasurer—whichever he pleases—at the
points where, by law, the pension agencies are
located.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I received, some days since,
a letter from the pension agent at Boston, ou this
subject. I ask the gentleman from indian^to
allow it to be read.
Mr. HUGHES. I yield the floor fai\that,pur-
pose.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Boston, January 24, 1859.
Dfa.r Sir: J heard, a few days bincp, tli.it il e bill from
the Senate, niukm? appropriations for invalid pension®, pro-
pc^ed to aboSijJi pension agencies, and fiave payments made
rtl tlie sufwiea--iines.
There are oiiiy sixsith-trcasuries, all m tlie large cities; and
iT*-t ot tnom on the sea side.
Tiieie aie fifty one pension agencies, disti i bated carefully
all «>ver Uie States, so ;is to accommodate the pensioners-
\V«, make, n\ Boston, ftotn fifteen hundred to two thou-
sand payments yeaily, for Massacbu^etts alone. We are
pud a peicemage not to exceed, in any one case. j$l.000,
e\ei pi u its'n the same man i« navy and privateer and ma-
rine a^ei.t, never to exceed .for both offices, £1,500—no clerk
hir*-v, no olhce lent, no fuel, nothing allowed us.
It require-* n'i tiic tune, ftom January to Januaiy, for one
man, and someumes two. to do the work.
Change it, and the cleik hue and ex'ra expenses will be
very nearly as much in tlto ^nb-trea,-ury.
But the objection Ives to tlie gierit difficulty from the dis-
tance and expense of tins pooie-t of all oilier classes of people
in getting their money. Think or a man sending, twice a
j ear, some five, si.\, «tntl even ten hundred miles, toreectvea
pittance of ten or twenty dollars, with papers. ot>en inaccu-
rate, to be returned to him and made over again. This hap-
pens to us a hundred umes a year. '
I am so curiam that tins bill has been parsed in the Sen-
ate, without any practical knowledge on the subject, that I
am anxious your attention should be called to it before His
too late.
With great respect, truly yours,
ISAAC O. BARNES.
lion. Cat.vin C. Ciiafffe.
Mr. HUGHES. The remarks that the gen-
tleman from Missouri has made in explanation
of this proposed amendment do not obviate the
objection to it at all. Here is the law which is
proposed to be applied to this matter:
'■'•Ami he it further enacted. That the Treasurer of the
United States, the Ueasurerof the Mint of the United Stares,
the treasure!;*, and tho.-e acting as such, ot the various
branch mints, all collectors of custom-:, nil surveyors of
customs aotins al?o as coilectois. all ii>^i--iaiit troa-nrcisj
all leceivoi.-. of public money at land offiees. all postmas-
ter, and all public ofiiceisof whatsoever character, be,"
swc.
Now, sir, of all the classes of persons enu-
merated in this act, there is but one class that is
to be found m every district for the payment of
pensions, and that class is the postmaster.*. I
prefer to leave the discretion of tlie Secretary of
the interior unlimited, so that he may select from
all men with reference to qualifications, instetid
of tying him down to the class of postmasteis.
1 pr.t the question to every member of this com-
mittee—<i'id let each one answei it,for himself—
how many postmasters have you got m your dis-
trict that you would like to see turned into pen-
sion agents ? 1 say, sir, that the postmasters of
the country, as a class-, are not remarkable for
intelligence, for literary attainments, or for any
of those qualifications that aie necessary for the
payment of pensions. 1 speak of Uie postmas-
ters of the small town.i.
The compensation now allowed to pension
agents is only two per emit, on the amount of
money they pay out, and can never exececi
^1,000.
Mr. CLAY, 1 desire to ask the gentleman
