1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
from Indiana whether he means to apply these
general and sweeping remarks about the postmas-
ters of the United States to the postmasters of the
State of Kentucky?
Mr. HUGHES. Oh, mo; Kentucky is an ex-
ception to alt general rules. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARNETT. I suppose the gentleman's
remarks apply to the postmasters in his own dis-
trict.
Mr. HUGHES. I make no sweeping remarks.
X say that postmasters are appointed with refer-
ence to the duties of those offices, and not with
reference to the discharge of the duties of pension
agents? I know more about the postmasters in
my own district than I do about those in other
districts; and, if gentlemen are sensitive about
this matter, I will confine my remarks to that dis-
trict. I do not want to restrict the Secretary of
the Interior to that one class of men in the selec-
tion of pension agents.
Mr. CLAY. I accept the explanation which
the gentleman has made.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I move that
the committee rise. It is manifest that we cannot
get through with this bill to-night.
Mr. HUGHES. If it is the wish of the com-
mittee to rise, I have no objection.
Mr. STANTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw his motion, and let us
see if we cannot, by unanimous consent, apply
the five minutes' rule to these amendments.
Mr. HUGHES. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to go on, and I will close my remarks
in a minute or two.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to consider the five min-
utes' rule as applying to these amendments.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Indiana to allow us to go into the
House and stop this general debate.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 have no objection.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move that the committee
rise.
Mr. SEWARD. I am willing to withdraw my
objection to applying the five minutes' rule
Mr. BURNETT. Then I withdraw mi
tion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I object to that rule
being applied.
Mr. HUGHES. Well, Mr. Chairman, I will
proceed and finish my remarks as briefly as pos-
sible. Pension agents, under the present law,
only receive two percent, upon the amount dis-
bursed by them, not in any case to exceed $1,000.
The duties performed by thorn are important;
not so much for themselves or for the Govern-
ment, as for the pensioners; and I object most
earnestly to throwing those duties into the hands
of nobody knows who, but certainly, in many
instances, into the hands of persons not qualified
to perform them.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have a very few
words to submit upon this proposition, and I
think I can submit nil of them within tlie rule
which gentlemen have asked should be adopted.
It seems to me that this amendment of the Senate
is crude, and inadequate to the accomplishment
of any wholesome reform. Instead of being re-
form in the right direction, it will only serve to
confuse those who attempt to administer the law.
What is proposed to be done? Why, that differ-
ent officeis, of different districts, shall administer
the law. What officers? Why, sir, all public
officers of whatsoever character, in any State,
place, or vicinage, are to be qualified to perform
those duties now devolving upon pension agents.
In one place there is a collector, a surveyor, a post-
master, and other public officers. Which of these
officers is to discharge the duty?
Mr. HOUS TON. This amendment of the Sen-
ate is evidently based upon the hypothesis that
the Department will designate the officer.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There is no such
hypothesis expressed. The whole pi ovision bears
upon it the impress of manifest erudeness attend-
ing upon hasty legislation, and reform under pan-
ics. Sir, to whom is the pensioner to go to de-
rive his pension ? Is he to seek the collector; is
he to seek the postmaster; is he to seek any other
public officer? Is he to travel from Dan to Beer-
sheba, and waste all his pension m hunting for
ly mo-
tile man by whom it is to be paid > Mr. Chair-
man, we have a debt which we owe to our pen-
sioners, as well as to our constituents, who are
expecting reform at our hands, and do not let us
commit grave errors and inconsistencies while
attempting to derive for ourselves the reputation
of reformers. But what more? In the latter clause
of this section is this proviso:
Provided, however, That the said officers shall not be al-
lowed any additional com pensation for the di&charge of the
duties imposed on them by the said sixth section of the act
aforesaid as herein prescribed." 4
Well, Mr. Chairman, cannot they employ an
additional clerk ? Is there a proviso against that?
When you have taken the performance of thesev
duties from your pension agents, do you suppose
the assistant treasurer in New York, with his
hands full of business at the present time, is go-
ing to perform the duties of pension agent for the
whole State of New York? You now pay your
pension agent there $1,000 a year, but I tell you
that $2,500 will not pay for the additional service
the assistant treasurer will employ. It is not re-
form; it is not economy; it is simply injustice
towards the pensioner—manifest,shameful,and
extravagant—under the guise of reform.
Mr. GOODWIN. I simply desite to make an
inquiry in regard to the amendment now under
consideration. It provides, as I understand it,
that this pension fund may be disbursed by post-
masters. Now, the postmasters are already ap-
pointed; and their bonds and securities are fixed
by law. What I desire to know is, whether there
is any provision by which their bonds are to be
inci eased in case this money goes into their hands?
For instance, take the case of a postmaster wher
has given bonds for the faithful discharge of his
duties as postmaster, is he to be constituted a pen-
sion agent, with thousands and thousands of dol-
lars of Government money going into his hands?
I want to know whether there is any provision by
which additional security can be required of him
for the safe-leeeping of this additional money ?
Several Members. There is not.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Si:<\ il. Jlnd ho U further enacted, That, ill ill cases of
application lor the paymnnt ot pennons to nualids under !
iho peveial lawn of C'ongro-.s panting pensions to invalids,
iho affidavit of two siliceous or phvMCianp, whose credibil- ■
iiy as such !-hall be certified bv the magistiate befoie whom |
the affidavit i> made, Mating the continuance ol the disn- j
biliiv foi w'neh tlx* [tension wns onginally gianted, (do- I
MTihirij; it,) and the iai<> of Mich di<aln!ityat the nine of j
making; iho affidavit, shall accompany tho application of'
the lirat payment, winch shall fall due upon a day in the [
lieoal year for which provision is made herein, to be declared ;
by the Secretary of iho Jntciior, and at t^e end of every two j
years thereaUei; and if, in a ease of continued disability, ,
it «hall bo stated at a rata below thatfor which the pension ■
was oiigmally gianted, the applicant shall only be paid at |
the rate staled in the affidavit: Provided, That, where the ]
pension shall have been onginally granted for a total disa-
bility, in consequence of the loss of a limb, or other cause t
which cannot, either in whole or in pan, be removed, the i
above affidavit shall not be necotsary to eniitlo the appli- |
cant to payment. |
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee j
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence. ;
It provides, only, that there shall be an exam- j
ination of tho pensioner, by a reputable surgeon j
of the vicinage, as to whether disability continues i
or is removed. The Commissioner of Pensions !
tolls us that, oftentimes, the disability is entirely
removed, and yet a pension stiU continues to be -
paid. It is wrong. j
Mr. KELSEY. I do not know but that this j
section is right, if it be worded so as to make its ;
meaning clear. As it stands, there are several j
portions of it which have no meaning. Let me |
read it: j
five 0. JJnd f>o itfuither enacted, That m all oa^es of;
application for the payment of peiiMons to invalids under j
the several laws of Congress granting pen>ions to invalids, !
the alfidavit of two suigeons or physicians, \vho>e credt- !
bihty as nuch shall be certified hv the magistrate before .
whom the affidavit is made, seating the continuance of the
disability for which the pumion was originally gianted, (do- ,
bribing it,} and the rate of such disability at the tune of 1
making the affidavit, shall accompany the application of the
first payment— 1
Now I come to the point I refer to: '
—which shall fall due upon a day in the fiscal year for j
winch provision is made herein, to be declared by the Sec- :
retary of the Interior,— I
I confess I am puzzled to know [laughter] |
what that means. I want it sent to some com- j
mittee that will make it intelligible. That t\nded
with a comma.. It goes on: |
—and at the end of eveiy two years thereafter; and if in a I
case of continued disability it shall be stated at a rate belovr
thatfor which the pension was originally granted, the ap-
plicant shall only be paid at the rate stated in the affidavit:
The colon seems to end that part of the amend-
ment. I think we ought to send the amendment
to the committee of conference.
Mr, LETCHER. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That where the pension shall have been ori-
ginally granted for a total disability, m consequence of the
loss of a limb, or other cause which cannot, eitherin whole
or in part, be removed, the above affidavit shall not be ne-
cessary to entitle the applicant to payment.
Mr. Chairman, I do not agree with the gentle-
man from New York, that the best place in the
world to make a correction is a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. KELSEY. I do not think it is the best
place; I think it is the only place left us.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not think so. J have
had some little experience, and my observation
has been that it is mucli better for the House to
correct errors itself, than to send them to the com-
mittee on conference, which necessarily disposes
of them in an hour, and is, more or less, regu-
lated by a sort of compromise, giving a portion
to the Senate, and retaining a portion for the
House. I do not see, so far as this section is con-
cerned, that there is any difficulty in understand-
ing this provision. Let us see the part the gentle-
man objects to:
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That in all cages of
application for the payment of peiiMons to invalids under
the several laws of Congress granting pensions to invalids,
the affidavit of two surgeons or physicians, whose credi-
bility as such shall be certified by the magistrate before
whoin the affidavits is made, statins the continuance of the
durability for winch the pension was originally gianted,
(describing it,) and the rate of such disability at the time of
making the affidavit, shall accompany the application of
the first pnymenf, which shall fat I due upon a day m the
fiscal year for which this provision is made '.lerem, to I e de-
clared by the Secretary of the interior, and at the end of
every two years thereafter.
Is there any difficulty about that? After these
parlies are examined by ihis surgeon, and that
report is certified to the Department, and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is called on for payment,
is there any difficulty in ascertaining, when that
payment is ordered, that it is the first payment;
and is there any difficulty in ascei taming that the
next payment shall be two years thereafter, ac-
cording to the terms of this law ? It seems to me
that the whole thing is perfectly intelligible, and
that it is a proper amendment, which ought to be
adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE. I agree with the gentle-
man from Virginia in respect to the phraseology
of the amendment. But I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to explain a portion of the proviso. It
reads:
Provided, That where the pension shall have been origin-
ally granted for a total disability, in consequence ot the
lofc-i ol a limb, or other cause which cannot, either m whole
or in pan, be removed, the above affidavit shall not be ne-
cessary to entitle the applicant to payment.
1 ask what it is ? It is:
In consequence of the loss of a limb, or other catioc,
winch cannot, either m whole or in part—
I<* it that the limb cannot be removed ?
Mr. LETCHER. That depends on the man
himself.
Mr. FLORENCE. If it is the part, what part?
and if the cause, what cause ? [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. Does the gentleman object
to the cause, or part of the cause? I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to strike out the word
" two."
Mr. Chairman. I will detain the committee but
a moment. This amendment is wrong if it
amounts to anything at all, it does nothing more
than what can be done under existing laws. There
is no necessity for further legislation.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know what
authority the gentleman has for 'stating that the
Depaitment can discontinue a pension ? *
Mr. HUGHES. My authority is the public
statutes of the country, which the gentleman is
presumed to know.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman refer to
them '
Mr. HUGHES. I resigned my position as
teacher of law some time ago, or I should be
hanpy to instruct the gentleman.
Mr. LETCHER. I doubt very much whether
the gentleman is competent to instruct.
