m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
- i It is undoubtedly true, that some who desire to
defeat the Democratic party desire to modify the
Republican platform; and it is equally certain
that no man who desires the success of our doc-
trines will advise us to abandon their support. It
must be obvious that every effort to change our
position tenuis to our defeat, though it may not
te so designed. Our troops are in the field; our
enemy is before us; our ranks are serried, and
ready,for the conflict; and he must be a secret
enemy*or a doubtful friend who" would advise
qjs* to .change position in the face of the enemy,
.who is ready to charge so soon as he sees us
- begin, to waver.
Of thechavacter of the issue thus formed, I may
be permitted to remark, that no other ever hfs,
and I think no other ever will, take so deep a
-hold upon the American mind as that which re-
lates to the natural, the inalienable rights of man-
kind. These constitute the basis of the Repub-
lican platform now, as they did in 1776. The
devotion of the American people to liberty then
proved invincible upon those battle-fields where
they met the enemies of freedom at the cannon's
mouth; and it will not grove less efficient at this
.day, when th.c conflict is at the ballot-box. We
are not only stimulated by our love of liberty, by
all the sacred recollections which cluster around
the deeds of that heroic age; but wc have sworn,
* at the altar of our country, that " no person"
"under our jurisdiction "shall be deprived of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of lav/."
Allegiance to the Constitution, to human nature,
and to God, constrain us to maintain our repub-
^ lican doctrines.
I speak of the fundamental truths which con-
stitute the basis of our political faith, as they
constituted the basis of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. These truths are immutable and un-
changeable as their Divine Author. Thoy must
forever remain the basis of our action, while the
Constitution shall be maintained, or the party
shall exist. On matters of policy, our platform
may be changed to suit occasions as they arise;
but the great central truth on which we all unite,
must remain unchanged: the constitutional pow-
ers of Government must at all times be wielded,
to preserve every human soul under its exclusive
jurisdiction in the enjoyment of the rights which
God has bestowed on him.
To this doctrine there can be no modification.
There is no neutral ground between right and
wrong) between liberty and slavery. Every human
Kansas have been fraudulently and violently taken from
them > their territory lias hern invaded by an armed foice;
spurious and pretended legislative, judicial, and executive
officers have been set over ihecn, by whose umii ped authoi-
ity, sustained by the iruhtaiy power of the Government,
tyrannical and unconstitutional laws have been ermetcrl and
enforced; the njrhisof ihc people to keep and bear aims
have been iufimged ; u-st oaths of an extiaordmaiy and en-
tangling naitne have"been imposed, as> a condition of exei-
cisitig the right of suffrage and holding office ; the right of
ail accused person to a speedy and public tiialbv an impai-
tta! jury has been denied ; the right of the people to bo t-e-
cuie in then' per ons, house*, papers, aud < ffeots, asan^t
unreasonable searches and seusmcs has been violated; they
have been depwved of life, hbcity, and property, without
due process of law; that the fiecdom of speech and of the
press has been abridged; the right to choose their lepresent-
atives has been made of no effect; murder?, jobbei te?,aiid
arsons, have been instigated and encouraged, and the of-
fenders have been allowed to go unpunished ; that all these
things have been done with the knowledge, sanction, and
procurement of the present Administration 5 and that for
this high crime against the Constitution, the Union, and
humanity, we arraign the Administration, jtlie President,
his advisers, agents, suppoiters, apologists, afid acccssoties,
cither before or after the facts, before the courmy, and be-
foie the world; and that it is our fixed purpose to bring
the actual peipotrators of these atrocious outrages, and
tneir accomplices, to a suie and condign punishment here-
after   * * ■****, * n
"7. Resolved, That a 1 ail road to the Pacific ocean, by
the most central and piactieal route, is imperatively de-
manded by the interests of the whole country, and that the
Federal Government ought to render immediate and efii-
cient aid in its construction, and, as an auxiliary thereto,
the immediate-construction of an emiyiantroute on the line
of the railroad.
" 8. Resolved, That appropriations by Congress for the
improvement of rivers and haibors, of a national character,
required for the accommodation and sccunty of our exist-
ing commerce, aie authorized by the Constitution, and
justified by the obligation of Government to protect the
lives and property of its citizens.
<;9. Resolvedy That we invite the affiliation and cotipei-
ation of the men of all parties, however differing from us in
other respects, in support of the piinciples herein declared;
and, believing that the spirit of our institutions, as well as
the Constitution of our country, guaranties libeity of con-
science and equality of rights among citizens, we oppose
all legislation impairing their security
being is entitled to live, to that liberty which is
necessary to unfold his moral nature and prepare
for Heaven. And he that is not with us on this
point must be against us. And when politicians
suggest that the Republican party shall abandon
this primal truth, I reply, there is a million of
electors in these States who will not abandon this
doctrine of the Constitution, this faith of our re-
publican fathers. Men who have labored to bring
out this grea«t principle ten, fifteen, or twenty
years, will not suddenly abandon it, face to the
right about, and again submit to the domination
of the slave power. They will not be deceived
nor defrauded of their votes. They will sustain
no man for the office of President or Vice Presi-
dent because they do not know whether he is
right or wrong; but candidates, to obtain support,
must show by their past action or present pledges
that they stand unconditionally upon these primal
doctrines.
I am aware that our opponents charge the Re-
publican party with abandoning their platform,
because members of this body voted at our last
session for theamendrnent to the Lecompton con-
stitution in order to defeat that infamous measure.
Even the President, in his message, repeats this
charge. For the benefit of that high functionary,
and others, I wMl say that members of Congress
did not make the Republican platform, and they
cannot unmake it. The people who framed it will
see to its preservation. True, the President has
cause to complain. We left our fortress, and, by
strategy in the open field, we captured his Le-
compton host. But it is not usual for prisoners
thus to complain of the superior science of their
captors.
it has been objected that a political party can-
not stand upon moral and religious truth. I re-
ply, it cannot at this day stand without such basis;
The progress of Christian civilization has demon-
strated that the popular mind can be no longer
satisfied with mere questions of policy, while the
Government is made to sanction the most arrant
despotism, and encourage crimes of the most fla-
grant character.
We do not say the black man is, or shall be,
the equal of the white man; or that he shall vote
or hold office, however just such position may be;
but wc assert ttfat he who murders a black man
shall be hanged; that he who robs the black man
of his liberty or his property shall be punished
like other criminals. We deny that crime de-
pends upon the complexion of him against whom
it is committed.
Sir, our Government should have led the na-
tions of earth in this glorious work; but it is now
too late for us to aspire to that proud position.
The Emperor of Russia is afctlus time engaged
in freeing the slaves of his empire, while our Pres-
ident is seeking the extension of human bondage.
England long since repudiated African slavery.
France imitated the noble example. Several Mo-
hammedan princes have shown themselves better
Christians than American statesmen, by abolish-
ing slavery and the slave-trade in then-dominions.
Even phlegmatic Holland is in advance of us in
the great cause of emancipation.
But it now appears to be generally expected,
both North and South, East and West, by states-
men and people, that the Republican -party will
come into power at the next presidential election;
nothing can prevent this but their own divisions;
and it 13 proper that we should forewarn the peo-
ple of Cuba, and of Mexico, and of Central Amer-
ica, that if, by any means, they come under the
jurisdiction of our Constitution, its provisions will
be enforced; and that" no person among them shall
be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without
due process of law." Having sworn allegiance
to the doctrines of the fathers, we are expected to
carry them out in good faith.
Mr. Chairman, from childhood I have mingled
with the people, i know their love ofjustice; their
devotion to liberty. The great American'heart beats
in sympathy for the oppressed; for justice to our-
selves and to mankind. The popular voice demands
the exercise of our constitutional powers to drive
oppression from our Territories, from our ships
while sailing upon the high seas, from this District;
to exclude it from all support by Congress, by the
Executive, by our courts; to condemn it as an
outlaw^ and that the legitimate powers of Gov-
ernment shall be exerted for freedom. Give the
people an opportunity, and they will elect a Pres-
ident and "Vice President, a Senate and House of
Representatives, pledged not merely to these pur-
poses, but to put forth the moral influence of our
nation to drive oppression from the earth.
To the attainment of this objget my official la-
.bors have long been directed. Those labors are
now drawing to a close; and I shall soon surren-
der the cause, so far as I am officially concerned,
to other and abler hands. My political pathway
has been rugged; beset with difficulties. 1 have
been constrained to meet many of my fellow-
members in intellectual conflict, and at times those
conflicts have been severe; but i am not conscious
of having assailed any man except in self-defense;
and I separate.from my opponents without a feel-
ing of unkindness; indeed, if my desire, my ear-
nest prayer, could avail, they should all be just
and wise, and pure and happy. Here for many
long years I have counseled with friends and com-
batted opponents. The scenes through which I
have passed rush upon the recollection as I am
about to bid adieu to this arena of my political
life. I shall leave it with emotions, but not with
regret. I shall bear with me to private life many
interesting recollections of the great contest which
gives character to the age in which we live. And I
beg to assure you,Mr. Chairman and gentlemen,
that whether in public or in private lifl, in pros-
perity or adversity, whether living or dying,my
heart's desire and prayer to God shall be, that
every human soul may enjoy that liberty which
is necessary to protect and cherish life, attain
knowledge, and prepare for Heaven; and, when I
shall have passed away, let my epitaph announce
that I hated oppression and wrong—that I loved
liberty and justice.
CONSTITUTIONAL OBLIGATIONS.
Mr. BOWIE. I had not the slightest idea, Mr.
Chairman, of participating in this debate when I
entered this Hall to-day. My friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Jenkins] has laid down the true policy
which the Government ought to pursue in refer-
ence to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Giddintgs] has discussed the
policy of the Rcpublicarf party. But I intend to
speak of the great progress which our Republic
ought to make—to speak of the genius and the
spirit of the Constitution of the United States,
which is now on its onward progress. No power
on earth can stop it. You and I may quarrel about
what sort of domestic institutions we should have.
You may prefer to enslave white men, while wo
prefer to enslave the African race. That is a mat-
ter of taste—it is not a matter for political discus-
sion. You may not choose to have Africans as
slaves. We do. You may take as many white
men as you please to toil and labor in an inferior
and degraded occupation. O11 our side, we say
we will not enslave any wliiteinan whatever. Wo
abominate the idea of white slaves. We go to
Africa, and her sable descendants, when we want
to make slaves. And for myself, I want none but
their descendants in this country. But still, the
cotton, tobacco, rice, sugar, and hemp plantations
of the South and Southwest want, and must have*
African labor. In truth they are the only gen-
eration of men who ought to serve the Anglo-
Saxon race. Mr. Chairman, there was a time—I
recollect it well—when to make allusion on this
floor to the question of slavery would call up
every Hotspur of the South. But now we have
any number of anti-slavery speeches; and they
fall upon our ears without even the ripple of an
emotion. We have listened to you Black Repub-
I beans most calmly. We have been amused at the
| zeal and earnestness in which you seem to be so
' much delighted, and have so well reveled in all
your extraordinary effusions. If you choose to
indulge in a spirit of hatred and animosity and
vcngeance against southern men, I can only say
I do not admire you for these sentiments. I my-
self would advise the cultivation of very different
feelings. I would plant and water flowers which
should exhale no poison, but should only bring
to us odors of unmixed and unadultered purity.
Now, why should all .this be done? We have
heard enough about slavery and Kansas. The
man who attempts to create feuds between indi-
viduals is a scoundrel; and he who attempts to
create feuds between States is no patriot. We
are all dependent on each other, in all and every
one of the daily pursuits of life. Mr. Chairman,
there is a spirit of evil and a spirit of good in this
