1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
world of ours. Other men may Invoke, if they
please, the spirit of evil; but, for myself, I prefer
to invoke the spirit of good.
I heard the speeches of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] and of Mr. Washburn,
who led (iff in a speech of yesterday.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order in calling the gentleman by name. He
should refer to him-as>the member from Maine.
Mr. BOWIE. Well, sir, the gentleman from
Maine, since you make the point; but you, Mr.
Chairman, alone made it, and it would have been
otherwise unnoticed. I was struck with the re-
marks which he made on the platform of that
party which my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Nich-
ols,] in his speech of yesterday, denominated
the colored Republican party, but which I have
been in the habit of designating as the Black Re-
publican party, and who now call themselves
plain Republicans. Sir, that party is composed of
the followers of John Jay and of old John Adams,
and of all those who were in lavor of the alien
and sedition laws m 1798; they are the descend-
ants of those men who were in lavor of expelling
foreigners, and punishing men who spoke disre-
spectfully of existing poweis. Show me a Know
Nothing or a Republican, and I will show you
one who is a lineal descendant, in opinion at
feast, from the old Federalists of those days.
Some men, sir, are squeamish about names; they
would rather be called Know Nothings than Dem-
ocrats.
. My old and venerable friend from Ohio has re-
ferred to that glorious old party to-whicli he and
I once belonged, and to the time when he and I
were united under the flag of the Constitution of
the country—a flag that protected the interests and
rights of all the people of this country, from one
end to the other, and made it one great Union.
When my friend speaks of it as a ereat party, I
can tell him that my heart reechoes his prais'es of
its power, its virtue, its constitutionality, and its
nationality—at that day at least. When theWhig
party was a tiuly national party, a party of the
whole country, i hugged it to my bosom, and in
1852 1 was on the electoral ticket for General Scott,
wiih two of my Ktiow-Noiliing colleagues on the
other side of this [louse. Ah! politics do make
strange bed-fallows of us all. Arid how swift has
been the change ? 1 want the attention of my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.] I call him my friend,
for he is an honest man; I believe him to be a
pure man, and a good man, but he will allow me
to say that his goodness and his purity are run-
ning into an exceedingly refintd channel. But he
must remember that we are sometimes too good.
" We till ow our arrow o'er the house, and hit our
brother." If he chooses to associate with the Afu-
can race, I do not dispute his right to do so, nor
do I dispute his taste. "De gu-nibus noil est dUpu-
tandum." I can only say, I cannot do it; ajid you,
Mr. Chairman, cannot do it; nor can an"gentle-
man on this floor whose taste is a" lee11 e " dif-
ferent from his. I have no objection to his doing
as he chooses, or saying what he pleases—not the
slightest; but the gentleman mistakes if he thinks
that now, in this enlightened day, the southern
people are at all oflended, or feel even sensitive
about his rhapsodies and jeremiads on the s,ubject
of slavery. We have lived to see the time when
these things would have rufiled our tempers; but,
thank God, we live in the nineteenth century; that
great age of improvement and progress, in which
error and falsehood, detraction and slander, may
roam at large, piovided reason and truth are left
to combat them. Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of
the Constitution of my country; and whenever
the hour comes, from whatever quarter it may, be
it from the North or the South, that seeks an in-
vasion of it, if God spares my life, I will myself,
plant a battery m front of its friends to put down
all and every one of its enemies. I regard the
safety of the South to be only under this great and
generous Constitution of our forpfatheis. Oui
hopes, .our safety, and I may say, our only sheet-
anchor, are in the Constitution ot our count! y. in
the event of a refusal by you Abolitionists to en-
force its just provisions, we of the South, through
the instrumentality of the Federal Government,
can turn the Federal guns upon you. i ou will
then become traitors, and we the patriots of the
land. . „ , „ • • i .
In respect to the operation of the fugitive s.ave
law, should you Abolitionists refuse to carry out
its provisions, as was once done at Boston, we
shall have the power of the Constitution-on out-
side; and we shall have, besides till-, I ho pleasure
of pointing the guns of the Federal Government
against the enemies of constitutional freedom.
I fear that among the first who will fall in that
fearful struggle will be the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn.] [Great laughter.] Tiiat is,
if he " stands up to the rack, fodder or no fod-
der." [Renewed laughter.] Oh! what a great
tiling it is to have the flag of our country flying
over our heads when we are fighting for the pres-
ervation of our rights! Sir, if dismemberment
is to come, let it come. But let it come from the
North. The South will have none of it. We
will stand by the Constitution, and we mean to
make you Abolitionists, by the power of Federal
guns, if need be, stand by it also. We will have
all our forts, all the Army and Navy, which be-
longto the Constitution, keptin readiness for you,
and for any occasion of disaster to our constitu-
tional rights. We will—this Government will—
enforce the fugitive slave law, even though it be
at the point of the bayonet. We will put troops
in the court-house, as Pierce did in Boston. We
will put them wheqfcver they are necessary; and
we will execute the laws, let them be violated in
Georgia or in Massachusetts, in Maryland or in
Virginia, North or South.
But, Mr. Chairman, what a glorious Govern-
mwt this is that we are thus, even now, talking
about throwing away. Gentlemen, you need not
bo alarmed, bur difficulties will, 1 trust, all sub-
side. The South is patient, calm, and ready to
listen to any and everything you may say about
her; and when you have diuie uttering yourslan-
i ders about her, she call say they are like " big
lies that soon die away;" like fish out of water,
they llounder, and flounder a while, but soon die
for the want of aliment. That statesman of the
South who now gets angry at any ill-natured re-
marks which may be made by gentlemen from
the North in regard to slavery", is unwise,in my
judgment, and consults but little the best interests
of his constituents.
Sir, but for the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] and those of the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] I should
not now have said one word on this subject.
My own opinion is that the question of southern.
slavery is becoming less exciting every day and
every year, and will finally die out, if lelt to it-
self. We have certainly other great and leading
questions which may well divide the two gieat
political parties of the countiy.
Now, sir, I wish to call your attention to some
suggestions which have occurred to my mind
about our foreign relations, i hold war to be
the most horrible state m which a nation can be
involved. I believe that war would be peculiarly
injurious to the planting portions of the Union,
simply because it would prevent the exportation
of their agricultural products. But no matter
what may be the consequences, I say I am m fa-
vor of war whenever our rights are invaded by
any foreign Power whatever. _ -
Now, a word in regard to Central An^cnca. It
has been argued that wearu bound to maintain the
Monroe doctrine. What is the Monroe doctrine?
Does it mean that we arc to fight every nation
upon the face of the globe who undertakes to
I maintain its own possessions upon this continent,?
Why, sir, when Mr. Monroe sent his message to
Congress, announcing what is now called the
i Monroe doctrine, Great Britain owned the same
[ possessions she now owns, Snd has ever since
owned them; and they amount to more than one
third of North America. At that time she owned
her West India Islands, and she owns them now.
France owned her West India Islands, and she
owns them now.
Brazil was then, as now, an empire; governed
then, as now, by an Emperor installed into power
by regular hereditary descent. Did he mean to
say that monarchical principles and monarchical
governments should not set foot upon this soil?
No; because the fact was then existing that they
aheady existed here. Sir, Mr. Monroe meant in
that message nothing more than this: that the
monarchies of the Old Woild should not unite to
put down the progress of republican institutions
;n the New. In that sense we acknowledged
the independence of Mexico in her contest with
Spain, and in that sens# this Government has
always taken the foremost steps in .maintaining
the right of self-government and self-protection
in the republics of this continent. Do you sup-
pose that the United States would have recognized
the independence of the South American repub-
lics against Spain if the South American provinces
proposed, instead of republics, to erect there Sep-
arate monarchies ? N"o,1sir. It was only because
it was proposed to erect republics there, that wo
acknowledged their independence. And Mr. Clay,
the glorious leader of the Democratic party,in
1812, in the House of Representatives, and who,
as suchleader, conducted that party triumphantly
I through the war with Great Britain, from the be-
ginning to theend of it, by voting troops and muni-
tions of war—which I am sorry to say others did •
not do—at a later period of his life carried that
same great principle of independent republics in
Central and "South America; a principle which 1
hope will still be maintained by the Democratic
pany of this day, and brought to a triumphant
result. According to the Monroe docirine we /ire
to maintain and support the republics of Mexico
and Central America, and all others upon this
continent. We are to stand by them, and to sup-
port them; not to seize upon them, and appro-
priate them to ourselves. J believe that a repub-
lican form of government is like an angel of light,
revealing the will of Heaven to all the down-
trodden people of the earth. It will win its own
way; it will coilquer, too. "Not, sir, by blond'or
bv force, but by tile seductions and the enchant-
ments of its uwff goodness; no people need fear
the spread of republican government. Noneneed
attempt to foster its spirit or to quicken its estab-
lishment by fillibusterism, or by any other vio-
lent means whatsoever. Sir, it will take care of
itself. It is very enticing, and will conquer its
enemies wherever it may seek to go. It may go
into the wilderness alone and unattended, but it
will overcome all obstacles, and, as 1 sincerely
believe, finally rest upon the. bosom of the woild.
Sir, I am not opposed to emigtation in any form
or shape whatever; emigration! frqm the North
or fiom the South, from the East or from tho
West.
I would like to see emigration from the South,
as well as from the North, to climes congenial to
each; but, sir, you cannot, wit li my consent, allow
emigration from the North into the Territories of
the Union, with the view of making them freo
States, and thus counteract what Iras been called
the slave power, and yet foibid emigiation from
the South, even if maile for the purpose of pro-
ducing an equtiibrum of political power. Sir, the
men of New Orleans and Mobile, of Charleston
and Baltimore, or of any other southern or
northern port whatever, must be allowed to emi-
grate to whatever country they may please to go,
even as Daniel Webster said, " with arms ill their
hands." You must not treat such men as pnates,
to be captured on the high seas by your ships-of-
war. If you do, you yourselves become bucca-
neers and picaroons, lit subjects of the penalties
of international law. Sir, i't cannot be believed
for a moment that the South will ever consent
that you should use the Navy and the Army for
the purpose of suppressing emigration from their
borders, when emigration from the North may
go anywhere it pleases. Sir, I am quite sure that
Central America is a rich and fertile country, fit
for civilized people, whether they come from the
North or from the South; and, I must confess, I
should like to see it Americanized. I should like
to see that done, sir, but not by force. The sim-
ple and peaceful means of emigration alone will
accomplish everything that is desirable in this
respect. .
Sir, I am opposed to fillibusterism in all its
forms and shapes; but yet I am not willing to stig-
matize emigration from the South by the name
of fillibusterism. I want my northern friends to
undeistand that; I want the Executive to under-
stand that; and I want, also, the Attorney Gen-
eral to understand that. Whatever may have been
his opinions m times past, or whatever they may
be in the future, lie must not call southern emi-
grants pirates; lie must not call simple emigration
to Nicaragua or Costa Iiica fillibusterism, even
though the emigrants go with arms in their hands.
We have as much enterprise at the South as you
have at the North; and all that we ask is an equal
chance. You from the North have found welcome
upon the hospitable shores of the South. Thtra
