1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to have the Senate's
amendments to the Army appropriation bill, re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
invalid pension bill.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the Senate's amendment to the bill (H. R. No.
662) making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending June 30, 1860.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let the first and
second amendments be considered together, as
they are intimately connected. If the second
amendment should not be adopted, thefirst ought
not to be, and vice versa.
There was no objection.
First amendment:
" Strike out tlte word " forty," and insert in lion thereof
the word "sixtoen," j-o that the clause will read:
" For pensions under acts of the 18th March, 1818,15th
May, 1828, and 7th June, 1832, §16,000."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence in the
amendment.
Second amendment!
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, Tlmi, from and after
the 1st day of July, 1659, the present agencies for the pay-
ment of pensions bo, ami the same are hereby, abolished,
and that the duties heretofore performed by ihe age.nts shall
he discharged by the otfic«rs named in the sixth section of
i he act emitted " An act to provide for the organization of
ihe Treasury, and for the collection, safe-keeping,transfer,
.md disbursement of the public revenue," approved August
6, 1846, and m the manner prescribed by that act: Pro-
vided, however. That the said officers fhall not be allowed
any additional compensation for the discharge of the duties
imposed on them by the «aid sixth «eetion of the act afore-
said, as herein proscribed.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
" Mr. MAYNARD called for a separate vote.
The question was taken on boih amendments;
and they were severally non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it fuither enrnted, That in .ill eases of ap-
plication loi the payment of pensions to invalids under the
several laws of Congri^s graining pensions to invalids, the
affidavit of | wo smgeons or physicians, whose credibility m
surh shall be certified by the magistrate before whom "the
affidavit is made, ^rating the conimtiance of the disability
for which the pension was originally gianied ("describing it)
and the rate of such disability at the nine of making the alii
davit fciiall accompany the application of the fust payment,
which Khali fall due upon a day m the fiscal year for which
provision is made herein, to be decl.ued by the Secretiny
of the Interior, and at the end ol every two years thereaftoi;
and if m a cane of continued disability it shall be slated at
a rate below that for wImcIi the pension was originally
granted, the applicant shall only bo paid at the rale stated
in the affidavit: Provided, That where the pension shall
hava been oiigmallygianted for a total disability, in conto-
quenco of the Io.-js of a limb, or other cause which cannot,
either in whole or in part, be removed, the above affidavit
shall not be necessary to entitle the applicant to payment.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence in this
amendment.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the House will not
concur.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yens and nays.
Mr. FENTON called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, called for tellers
on the question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Foster and
McQ,ueen were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 76, noes 52.
Sotheamendmentof the Senate was concurred
in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, moved to reconsider the votes by which
the amendments were concurred in or non-con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. PHELPS, of Mis-
souri, (at nine o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed to Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 98, 1859.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
Saturday.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make a suggestion
to the Senate about the Journal. It is very im-
portant that we should save as much time as we
can to attend to business which is indispensable,
and it seems to me that by reading the proposi-
tions that were acted on, and stating the result of
the vote, we shall get all that is necessary and
proper on the Journal. Unless there be objection
on the part of some Senator, I hope that course
may be pursued.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason
in the chair.) The Chair will understand that to
be the sense of the Senate unless objected to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I should be
very glad if the Senator from Michigan would
repeat his suggestion.
Mr. STUART. It was this: that instead of
reading the yeas and nays, and the amendments,
the Secretary should state the result.
Mr. KING. I call for the reading of it right
through. I think it will take less time to read it
than to talk about it,and it is proper thatit should
be read.
The Secretary finished the reading of the Jour-
nal, and it was approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented thirteen memorials of
citizens and iron manufacturers of Philadelphia,
and other parts of Pennsylvania, approving of
the bill introduced by the Hon. Graham N. Fitch,
for the use of iron in the construction of the public
works; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. LANE presented a petition of citizens of
Oregon, praying the establishment of a military
post on the Des Chuttcs river, at the crossing of
the new emigrant route, and the construction of
a military road from thence to Scottsbuig and
Fort Umpqua, by wayaof Eugene City; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of Fran-
cis M. Green and Henrietta L. Green, children
of Lieutenant Colonel John Green, deceased, late
of the Army, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
SANTILLAN LAND GRANT.
Mr. BRODER1CK. I ask leave to present a
petition of eight or nine thousand citizens of San
Francisco county, California, praying the enact-
ment of a law providing that in case of the final
confirmation of the Sautillan grant, a bill of re-
view may be filed therein, and the proofs and dep-
ositions of Santillan may be taken m any foreign
country, and used therein, on clue notice to the
parties interested.
It la a memorial of very great length. I will ask
for the reading of the letter of the chairman of the
meeting, which will answer every purpose. It is
a short letter, and I hope it will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
No. 117 Washington street, San Frvncisco,
California, February 5, 1859.
GfNTi,r.MfcN . In behalf of the inhabitants of the city and
county of San Francisco, of the honor and credit of our
State, and of the direct personal interest of at least fifteen
thousand of jour constituents, and as the officers of a mass
meeting ol citi/.en.- ; and, as a general committee, by them
appointed, we carnc.-tly and respectfully requestyou both,
or whichever of you shall first receivc it, immediately to
prcfent the accompanying petition of between eight and
nine thousand genuine name?, to the Senate of the United
States, and to obtain, if possible, the immediate action of
Congress in leply thereto; and to enlist the cordi.il cooper-
ation of the whole of our delegation m the frame bchait.
By reference to the ca>e ot Bernardo Sanipheynae and
for in a Mimlar case.
We are, gentlemen, very re>pecrfiillv,your obedient ser-
vant^ II. i\ CORN,
President of the mats-meeting and of thr general committee.
FRANCIS FOE,
Secretaiy, <3'c.
To Hon. William M. Gwin and Hon. J"). C. Uroderick,
Se7iators of the United States from California.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will state, for the in-
formation of the Senate, that this case is now be-
fore the Supreme Court of the United States on
appeal. The petitioners are very sure that if the
case is reopened, they will be able to prove that
it is a fraud. For that reason 1 move the refer-
ence of the petition to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and I hope that they will make a speedy
report upon it.
Mr. GWIN. I suggest to the Senator from'
California that I think the object will be accom-
plished by referring it to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims. It is a private land claim cov-
ering a portion of the city of San Francisco,
which contains fifteen or twenty thousand inhab-
itants. It has been decided in the court below,
and is on appeal. Subsequent testimony has been
discovered, and the petitioners believe that if it
can be opened, they can defeat the claim in the
court below. It comes up here to the Supreme
Court on a writ of error. I do not think the Ju-
diciary Committee can interfere in this matter,
inasmuch as it is pending before the Supreme
Court: butif itgoes to the Committee on Private
; Land Claims, I should'suppose, from the practice
| of the Senate, that that committee would author-
i ize a reinstitution of the suit, it being a private
1 land claim, in the court below.
| Mr. BRODERICK. I have no objection to
j its reference to the Committee on Private Land
i Claims.
j Mr. MASON. I think it very clear, from the
I showing of both Senators, that it should go to the
( Committee on tho Judiciary. It is to interfere
. with the judicial action upon a case m the Supreme
; Court. It is a question of general interest to the
• judiciary and the judicial organization. 1 know
I nothing of the merits of it; but I think it should
1 go to the Committee on the Judiciary,
j Mr. GWIN. Either will do; I do not care
' which.
1 Mr. BRODERICK. Let it take the reference
first proposed, to the Committee on the Judiciary
It was so referred.
PAPERS^VITHDUAWJV.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That Mary Featherstone havo leavo to with-
] draw lier petition and papers.
| REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY,from the Committee on Commerce,
! to whom was referred the memorial of ship-own-
' era, and others interested in the commerce of the
i lakes, asking for a light-house on Drummond's
Island, asked to be discharged from its further
1 consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Galveston,
Texas, asking for the improvement of the chan-
nel of West "Galveston Bay, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
letter of the Secretary of War, communicating
Captain Simpson's report and map of wagon
road routes in Utah Territory, reported that the
letter and accompanying report be printed; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. YULEE,from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post roads, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 25) authorizing the
Postmaster General to revise and adjust the ac-
counts of Kimball and Moore, and Moore and
Walker, reported it, with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referied the memorial of Henry L. Good-
win, praying to know by what authority a box-
hole tax is cxacted by the Post Office Depart-
ment, and praying to be released from the same;
a memorial of the Penny Post Company of Cali-
fornia, praying indemnity for losses sustained in
consequence of the refusal by the officers at the
post office at San Francisco, by direction of the
Postmaster General, to deliver to them letters and
| packages addressed to their care; a report of the
, Postmaster General, in answer to a resolution of
! the Senate calling for certain papers in relation to
, alleged malfeasance in office on the part of the
, postmaster at San Francisco, communicated to
the Senate June 8 and June 12,1858; the petition
of Joseph E. Cole, praying the establishment of
a line of mail steamers between Baltimore, in the
United States, and St. Thomas, in the West In-
dies; the memorial of John Gardner, for himself
and his associates, praying that the Postmaster
General may be authorized to contract with them
