mm
the commsmmAL globe.
January IB,
are men from Maine and from New Hampshire
and from Massachusetts even, in my own county;
and, so far as my observation has gone, I have
seen none of them adverse to the institutions of
the South. They are an industrious, honest, and
patriotic people; and' we and- they, all of us to-
gether, stand by the Constitution of our common
country, as the only shield and. defense of our
common rights.
' Sir,.!? believe that fifty thousand men from New
York, and thousands more from Maine, New
Hampshire, Massachusetts, and Connecticut,
may be induced to emigrate to Central America.
It is a land where frost is neverseen; the cotton and
the sugar-plant grow there luxuriantly. Coffee
and rice and tobacco, even oranges and lemons,
limes, pomegranates, and dates, and every plant
or fruit that a rich tropical clime can grow, are
of spontaneous growth, and may be cultivated in
perfection there. It is now owned by half-breed
Spaniards and mongrels of Indians and negroes.
Then, why should not enlightened emigration—
the great anglo-Saxon emigration—seek its way,
by peaceful means, to .this new field of enterprise
and wealth ? I can only say'that you cannot get
me to assent to that proposition that such an emi-
gration as this is in violation of any law, human
or divine. Oh,- sir, how men do ever fling to
their old habits ! The anglo-Saxon race is, by
nature and habit, an emigrating race ! How we
do encourage our own conceits, and believe in our
own merits !
My friend from Maine [Mrf Foster] asks me
to suspend my speech, and to give way to a mo-
tipn to adjourn, that I maycontinue my remarks
in the morning; but I prefer not to do so, for I
■want to say what I have to say now.
Mr. FOSTER. The gentleman will allow me
to say that I asked him to close his remarks now,
because I wish to hear them, as other gentlemen
do, but am obliged to leave the Hall now. 1
should like to hear,thc gentleman's speech in the
morning.
The CtIiV.IR.MAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Maryland has nearly expired.
Mr. BOWIE. Then, sir, I will go on. I find
. menherc, Mr.Chairman, coming from the South,
talking about filibustering in spite of France and
England, and, if necessary, going to war with
these Powers. Sir, I will not involve my people
or your people in a war if I can avoid it honor-
ably, because war is the most wicked and disas-
trous of all acts that a sovereign Power can corrr-
•mit. Sir, 1 regard a state of war, as all publicists
do, as the last remedy to which nations ought to
resort, and only to be justified by pressing neces-
sities of defense, either of honor or of sovereignty;
and yet, if it becomes necessary in defense of
either the honor or the liberties of my country,
I would vote for war to-day. But, sir, it is not
for men who choose to expatriate themselves, and
to renounce the allegiance they owed to their
country, to involve the country from which they
fled in any wars whatever on their account. No,
sir, no; I cannot agree to that. In the last war
with Great Britain, she claimed the right to search
our vessels for British seamen, on the principle
" that once a subject of the King of Great Brit-
ain, always a subject." That is pretty much the
doctrine they assert now. Notwithstanding the
difficulty which some publicists have started, that
there is no way of establishing the nationality of
a vessel except by exercising the right of search
or visitation, I say that the granting of that
right would be infinitely more harmful than even
the violences that might be committed under the
flag.
I would never, for a moment, sanction the idea
that any nation has the right to visit and search
our vessels for any purpose whatever. We are
our own police; and if constabulary powers on
the high seas are needed at all, we must see to it
that our own officers do their duty.
Sir, if the naval officers of Great Britain or
France, or of any other nation, should think that
any vessel sailing under our flag is engaged in an
unlawful traffic or enterpuse, let them take the
responsibility of attempting an arrest. But, so
help me God, I will never grant the right of search.
The code international has provided no tribunal
from whom a search.warrant can be obtained in
any such case; and as tbo law is written, let it
stand.
But,.sir, I find that this question has assumed
somewhSt of a sectional aspect, men from the
North generally voting to sustain the course of
Commodore Paulding, in reference to Nicaragua
and the seizure of Walker, and southern men gen-
erally taking the opposite view. This, sir, arises
from the prevalence of the idea shadowed forth in
the speech of the gentleman from Maine, and in
the speech of the gentleman from Ohio, this morn-
ing, that it would be a southern victory, and that
Central America would be a southern acquisition.
Now, so far as that is concerned, I can onlyjsay to
my nortliern friends that I believe that nine tenths
of the emigration to Central America would be
from the ports of Boston, New York, and Phila-
delphia, and would be of northern men. I be-
lieve that, sir. Southern men are not apt to emi-
grate. They are content to live upon-their own
broad acres in the sunny South, surrounded by
the blessings they already enjoy. Bui the north-
ern people are prone to emigrate, and the history
of our country shows it. I have a living evidence
of that fact before me, in the person of my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynarb,] a son of Mas-
sachusetts, who early in life went down to the
sunny South and is now here an honored Repre-
sentative of a great, a prqgd, a noble southern
Commonwealth. As to the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn,] I am satisfied that he is a very
clever man, though I do nothke his speech much.
I think there is a little of the devil in it—a little
of the evil genius of the world. [Laughter.] This
evil genius has to find a lodgment somewhere,
and I think a little of it has lodged in him and a
little of it in my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,]
too. It floats in the atmosphere every where, and
it takes up its residence in those by whom it is
inhaled and becomes a part and parcel of their
systems. Thank God ! my lot is notamong such.
1 love to dwell in peace and harmony with all
men. 1 like the North and the South to come to-
gether and shake hands and hug each other to
their bosoms in eternal friendship. I am satisfied
with ourlawsastheystand,and withourUnion as
it is. I want no change. Let aTl the speeches that
have been let off here for mere political effect and
for political purposes, stand as an eternal monu-
ment to the folly and wickedness of those men
who would attempt to dissolve this Union. I, sir,
shall continue to stand where I now stand, with
the Democratic party of the Union, maintaining
the integrity of the Union, and the necessity of
cairying out every provision of the Constitution,
and holding to the strictest and most solemn ac-
countability before Oie tribunals of the world all
those who violate its principles in any respect
whatever.
Mr. Chairman, I did not intend to have entered
into this discussion at all, and I have made these
desultory remarks solely for the purpose of show-
ing my discontent with the opinions expressed
by the gentleman from Maine and by the. gen-
tleman from Ohio. Let them revel in all their lux-
ury of hatred and animosity to the South. It is a
delightful revelry! You hate me; you hate the
South ! For what do you hate me ? For what do
you hate the South? Have we given you any cause
of offense ? And yet you arc eternally and everlast-
ingly upbraiding us. If I were not a semi-philoso-
pher, indeed if I were not a good-tempered man
too, such abuse would rankle in my bosom, as it
has done in the bosoms of some of my friends. For
what purpose arc you eternally doing this thing.
Is it to help a party? Why cannot you get some
other issue ? Something or other connected with
the great finances of the country, with the public
economy of the country, with abuses of admin-
istration, or something connected with the pow-
ers of the Federal Government, in reference to
subjects not so excitable as that of slavery ? For
after all, slavery is but a form of human labor, and
you know it. And besides, sir, it is as much the
duty of the North to provide some form of labor
for the African race on this continent,now some
four millions in number, as it is the duty of the
South. It will not do to say they must go free,
without at the same time providing for them a
means.of living by protected labor. If a state of
slavery suits them, and they are happy under its
operation, you of the North have no right to
complain, and, indeed, true philanthropy would
requiie you to hold your tongues. What differ-
ence is it to you what form of labor we adopt?
You may have white people to wait upon you, if
you please; I**prefer to have Africans.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] said
this morning, and so did the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Washburn] yesterday, that they
planted themselves upon the eternal principles of
the Declaration of Independence, that " all men
are created equal, and endowed by tlfeir Creator
with the inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness." Now, sir, I will not say-
that Mr. Jefferson, in using this language, told a
•lie. .1 will not use offensive expressions; but
everybody knows that, even as an abstraction, it
is not true in any sense whatever. We will take
it from the start. "All men are created equal."
We know just the reverse of that to be true.
Adam and Eve were the only persons ever created
by the great God of heaven and earth. All the
rest of mankind have been generated, and not
created. Sir, there is a wide difference between
generation and creation. I leave to philologists
the task of defining that difference. Created!
Men, women, and children, are not created now,
"&ir. They are born, they are generated; genera-
tion takes place, and not creation. Who ever
heard of creating a child? The abstraction, there-
fore, is false in fact, and it is in theory.
Again: we are told they are created e«ual. Now
thiffis not true in fact or theory; some are born
males, some females, and the book of Genesis
tells us that the female is the weaker vessel; then
again some are born blind and halt and maimed,
while others are strong and healthy and vigor-
ous. This abstraction, then, is equally false with
the first. But we are endowed with the inalien-"
able rights of life and liberty, says the Declara-
tion of Independence. Not a word of truth in it.
What rights are inalienable ? Certainly neither
life nor liberty; for the law can confiscate both,
as is done every day—we hang men for murder,
and we imprison men for various offenses. If
life or liberty were inalienable these results could
not take place. Now, sir, I suppose that Mr.
Jefferson meant merely to say that all men were
equal in their civil and political rights; but even
these, if equal at first, may be lost and transferred
in the mutations of power and of civil govern-
ment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX obtained the floor; but yielded to
Mr. AVERY, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Unio/i had had, according to order, the state of the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the annual message of the President of the
United States, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at four o'clock and fifty minutes,)
the iftuse adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Januar0fl3, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. J. A. Harrold.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
' PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the me-
morial of the Rev. John Sellwood, praying remu-
neration for losses, injuries, and expenses, oc-
casioned by the attack on American citizens at
Panama, on the 15th of April, 1856; which was
referred to-the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. THOMPSON, ofKentucky, presented the
memorial of Eliza G. Townsend, widow ofMajor
David S. Townsend, of the Army, praying a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of Moses
Taylor & Co., and Mora Brothers, Navarro &
Co., owners of property destroyed by fire in
Baxter's bonded warehouse at New York, pray-
ing to be allowed the benefit of the act of 28th
March, 1854; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. ICING presented the petition of Benjamin
Willard, praying remuneration for losses occa-
sioned by the declaration of war in 1812, and com-
pensation for his services as a commissary during
that war; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
