352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13;
floor on the railroad bill; arid we want to dispose
of it to-day. I should not object but for that
reason.
Mr. HALE. Yery well; let it go.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.,
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S.JsTo. 65) to*authorize the President of the
United States to contract for the transportation
of the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war,
Army and Navy supplies, and all other Govern-
ment service, by railroad, from the Missouri river
to San Francisco, in the State of California, the
pending question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Haklan, to strike out "34" and insert
"37," in the amendment of Mr. Wilson, which
is to strike out, in t>he ninth and tenth lines of the
first section, the words, " the most eligible route,
reference being had to feasibility, shortness, and
economy," and insert, " the shortest practicable
route between the parallels of latitude 340 and
43°;" so that the section will read: .
Be it enacted, fyc., Tliat the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to enter mto
a contract for the transportation of the mails, troops, sea-
men, munitions of war, Army and Navy supplies, and all
other Government service, by railroad, from a point on the
Missouri river, between the mouths of the Big Sioux and
Kansas rivers, to San Francisco, m the State ot California,
on the shortest practicable route between the parallels of
latitude 34° and 43°.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator from Texas
will allow me a moment. I find that I am re-
ported this morning to have said that I preferred
the bill introduced by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davis;] and in the report of my re-
marks, perhaps there is something that would
bear that impression. I only meant to say that
I agreed with him m the general purposes for
which the road was to be constructed, but I do
not agree to the provisions of his bill. I shall
vote for a bill to fix the termini with some dcfinite-
ness, and, to some extent, the route of the road.
I shall not leave it to the contractors or the Post-
master General.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, if it had not
been for the lateness of the hour last evening, at
which the honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Iverson] concluded his remarks, I should then
have taxed the Senate for a short time; butas the
usual hour had arrived for our adjournment, I
thought it proper to defer what I had to say until
this morning. Before proceeding to notice the
remarks of the honorable Senator, 1 desire to afford
him an opportunity of giving a more explicit ex-
planation to one expression which he used in
relation to myself. When he referred to the course
which I had pursued in the Senate on former oc-
casions, he spoke of my "antecedents." If the
gentleman will be so kind as to explain to me the
full scope of that observation, I shall be better
enabled to compass my view of the subject. I
should be glad if the Senator would think proper
to explain what he meant by my " antecedents,"
as he twice used that term in the course of his
remarks.
Mr1. IVERSON. Well, sir, I meant simply
this: as far as my observation of the Senator's
political course had gone—and it covered a num-
ber of years—I understood him upon all occa-
sions, in season and out of season, to be crying
hosannas to the Union; and I meant, in connec-
tion with that, the remark which I made, that
when, in the face of the northern aggression, in
the face of the rapid and powerful march of the
spirit of abolitionism in the northern States, and
the dangers to which the institutions of the South
were subjected by it, I heard a southern man
constantly singing praises to the Union, and de-
nouncing everybody who should call it in ques-
tion under any circumstances, I suspected that
he was endeavoring to make himself a popular
man in the North, for the purpose of reaching
high political position.
Mr. HOUSTON". Mr. President, the honora-
ble Senator need not repeat the whole of his ex-
position of that particular icmark of his, for he
has heretofore .been very explicit; and I intend,
in the course of my observations, to advert to that
particular part of his speech. He has not in-
stanced any particular occasion to which he in-
tended to apply the term " antecedents;" no vote,
no action of mine, by which I have gone out of
the way for the purpose of lauding the Union, or
condemning any gentlemen who had thought con-
trary to me on that subject. I have combated
opinions that I thought heretical, and I am al-
ways ready to combat them—whether they be in
accordance with northern or southern views; but
not for the purpose of making personal assaults
or reflections on gentlemen. If my antecedents
arc looked out, it will be found that they have
been entirely consistent. I know to what the
gentleman must necessarily have referred, as he
made the remark in connection with his allusion
to th&recent defeats which I have sustained. The
reference must have been to my vote for the or-
ganization of Oregon, my vote for the admission
of California, and my vote in opposition to the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. All these votes were in
strict accordance with the instructions that I de-
rived from my own State, and under the Consti-
tution of the Union and the Democratic measures
of this Government; so that in them I am sus-
tained. But if my advocacy of the Union has
caused my immolation, politically, as the Senator
says, I exult and triumgh in that as the most
glorious antecedent of my existence; one that 1
hail with pride and consolation as an American;
because I have always looked to the Union as the
sheet-anchor of our safety and our national gran-
deur and prosperity. If for that I have been
strickendown, I rejoice atit; I shall consider my-
self a blessed martyr; and I should endure that
martyrdom a thousand times were the alternative
submitted to me of office or abandonment of the
Union.
But, sir, the Senator suspects that I or any
southern man who advocates and sings peans to
the Union is in pursuit of the Presidency. I
can assure the honorable gentleman that it is
the last thing in this world that I would accept,
if it were tendered to me; and for his satisfac-
tion, and that he may not hereafter anticipate
any rivalry on my part, in any aspirations that
he may have, I withdraw myselffrom all compKi-
tion by the assurance, that if every political party
of this Union were to tender to me this day the
nomination for President, I would respectfully
decline it. I have higher, nobler, tenderer duties
to perform. I have to create a resting-place for
those who are dear to me as the people of this
Union, and who form part of them. These are
the duties I have to perform. If there is aught
of public service that remains to me unfinished,
I am not apprised of it. My life has been meted
out to sixty-five years; and forty-five years of
that life devoted to my country's service, almost
pontinuously, should entitle me to an honorable
discharge. I claim that discharge from my coun-
try. I claim that, having performed every duty
which devolved upon me with fidelity, I ought
to be permitted to retire from this Chamber in
accordance with my heartfelt desires, with a con-
stitution, thank God, not much impaired, and
with clean hands and a clean conscience, to the
retirement where duties are demanded of me as a
father. So, the defeat of which he speaks was
no disappointment; and, by way of explanation,
that the gentleman may be more perfectly satisfied
with my position, I will say, that iiad my lamented
and honorable colleague, General Rusk, remained
with us, by the providence of God, on the 4th
of March last 1 should have vacated my seat and
retired to the walks of private life. A man who
has combated so many difficulties as myself,
who has been engaged in constant commotion, in
turbulence, and m scenes of upheaving difficul-
ties, should seek a respite at the close of his life,
if his span should be meted out a few years, to
create a homestead for his family, and a place of
rest for himself. So, sir, I hope the gentleman,
on this point, will be perfectly satisfied that I have
no aspirations ungratified; I have no expectations,
as a recompense, to look for, for my devotion to
the Union. It is an inherent principle in me; I
gave evidences ofit many years ago. 1 have periled
everything for that and for the protection of the
frontier of the honorable gentleman's State, in
early life, when disunion wasa word not known
in the vocabulary of politics in America. That
was an evidence that I gave then, of devotion to
the Union; and I need not point to the spot in the
South which I watered with my blood to defend
this Union. What I have done since, I care not
to recount; but I know that, without reference to
the Presidency of the United States, I was en-
gaged in struggles that tended to the perpetuation
of this Union, as I believe, though I was then in
a separate community of men. We gave national
existence to Texas, that she might become a part
of this great Confederacy. I there gave renewed
evidence of my devotion to the Union, and to the
institutions of the United States. Sir, there a
spark flashed upon the world, the consequence of
which has created a revolution that is still on-
ward, and will continue to affect this whole globe.
Until time shall merge in the ocean of eternity,
its efects will not be arrested. It has opened a
World, and we came forward and were incorpo-
rated into tbis Union. It was not a small terri-
tory; it was an empire and a Republic of itself,
which had passed through every crucible of triivt
and of difficulty that would test men's souls and
try their nerves. This was not to secure the
Presidency of the United States; nor'did it look
very possible then that aspirations of that kind
influenced me or any other Texan. Certainly it
is not so plausible as Jo suppose that, by con-
triving the separation of these States, the honor-
able gentleman might have aspirations to gratify,
which, it might be presumed, could not be so well
compassed in the Union, considering the intracta-
ble character of the northern people. Their affin-
ities might not be such as to be commanded readily
in advancing the gentleman to the Presidency,
and he migh t think it expedient to have a dissolu-
tion of the Union, and a new confederacy formed,
in order that he might turn a jack and secure the
game to himself. [Laughter.]
Sir, I trust I have always had higher and holier
aspirations than those connected with self. If my
ambition were notinordinate, it ought to be grati-
fied and fully satisfied with the number of posi-
tions thatl have filled, as responsible and import-
ant, relatively, as that of the Presidency of the
United States; surrounded by difficulties, over-
whelmed by menacing millions, without a friend
to succor or sustain us. Sir, I have had to wade
through difficulties and through scenes of anguish
and of peril with a gallant people—none have ever
been tested to the same extent—without resources,
new, unhoused, surrounded by all the inconveni-
ences and perils of a wilderness, surrounded by
savage tribes, with the feelings of nations alien to
us. Sir, we have had these perils to pass through;
and loyal to one section of the country, I was loyal
to all. When Texas was annexed to the United
States, it was not to a southern confederacy, nor
in anticipation of one; she was annexed to the
Union; and as a Union man, I have ever main-
tained my p'osition, and I ever shall. I wish no
prouder epitaph tct mark the board or slab that
may lie on my tomb than this: "He loved his
country; he "was a patriot; he was devoted to the
Union." If it is for this that I have suffered mar-
tyrdom, it is sufficient that I stand at. quits with
those who have wielded the sacrificial knife.
But, sir, it has not estranged me from the people
I represent. The gentleman says 1 have no right
to represent them on this floor; that I have been
repudiated. That forms a justification for him,
I suppose, when speaking of the entire South, to
embrace the little section of Texas and represent
that too, while he excludes the actual represent-
ative from any participation in the duties of his
station. I admit the great ability of the gen-
tleman, and his entire competence for the task.
He speaks of the whole South as familiarly as if
he were speaking for it; and, in contradistinction
to the whole South, he speaks of Georgia as " my
own State." Well, sir, that may.be aH right;
Georgia may have but one man ill it for aught I
know. [Laughter.] I have not been there for
two years; but it did seem to me, having heard of
distinguished personages there, some that have
occasionally illumined the Senate by the corrus-
cations of their genius and their profound ability,
that really Georgia had some other representatives
on this floor and in the other House than the hon-
orable Senator himself.
Can the gentleman suppose that any little mar,
as he would think it to be, in not reelevating me
to a situation, in thig hody, would inflict the
slightest mortification on me ? Not at all. I do
not believe that it was intended in the act to com-
pliment me, by any means. I believe it was de-
signed to pretermit and to rebuke me; and the
means to do it were afforded, because the persons
who were then in power and controlled the presses
and political influences in the State had been
pampered, and nourished, and cherished by the
means which my late colleague, General Rusk,
and myself, procured for the State, the $5,000,000
