nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 28,
appointed, aci- was oi'£aniKfi a force
to rcpg! un invadws: army which he was satisfied
would advance upon Texas. A rendezvous had
buen established, at which the drilling and organ-
ization of the troops, was to lake place, and offi-
cers were sent to their respective posts for the
purpose o.f recruiting men.. Colonel Fannin was
appointed at Matagorda, to superintend that dis-
trict, second m command to the General-in-Chief;
and he letnained there until the gallant band from
Alabama and-Georgta visited that country. They
were volunteers under Colonels Ward, Shackle-
ford, Duvall,.and other illustrious names. When
they arrived, Colonel Fannin,- disregarding the
orders of the Commander-in-Chief, became, by
countenance of the council, a candidate for com-
mander of the volunteer*. Some four or five hun-
dred of them had arrived, at! equipped and dis-
ciplined; men of intelligence, men of character,
men of chivalry and of honor. A more gallant
band never grafted the American soil in defense
of liberty. He was selected; as*d the project of
the council was to invade Matamoras, under the
auspices of Fannin. San Antonio had been
taken m ld35. Tioops were to letnam there. It.
was a post more than seventy miles from any
colonies r settlements by the Americans, it was
a Spanish town orcuy, with many thousand pop-
ulation, and very few Americans. The Alamo
was nothing more than a church, and derived its
cognomen from the fact of us being surrounded
by poplars or cotton-wood tree s. The Ahum) was
known as a fortress since the Mexican revolution
in 1812. The troops remained at Bexar until
about the last of December.
The council, without the knowledgeof the Gov-
ernor, and without the concurrence of the Com-
mander-m-Chief of the army, had secretly sent
orders authorizing Grant and others to invade
Matamoras, some three louidted miles, I think,
through an uninhabited eounuy, and thereby to
leave the Alamo in u detenaeless position. They
marched off, and left only one hundred and filty
effective men, taking some two hundred with
them. Fannin wustoumie with them from the
mouth of the Brazos, at Copano, and there the
two forces were to unite under the auspices of
Colonel Fannin, and weretu proceed to Matamo-
ras and take possession of it. The enemy, in the
mean time, were known to be advancing upon
Texas, and they were thus detatchmg an ineffi-
cient force, which, if it had been concentrated,
would have been abki to resist all the poweis of
Mexico combined. The Commander-in-Chief was
ordered by the Governor to repan immediately
to Goliad, and il the expedition auireptuiously
ordered by the council should proceed to Mata-
moras to take clnuge of it, under his conduct it
was supposed that something might be achieved,
or at least disaster prevented.
The council, on the 7tli of January, passed
an ctSict creating Fannin and Johnson military
agents, and investing them with all the power of
the country, to irnpiess property, receive troops,
command them, appoint subordinates throughout
the country, and effectually supersede the Com-
mander-in-Chtef in ins authority. As I said be-
fore, he was oidered to repair to Copano. He
did so. While at Goliad, he sent an order to Col-
onel iNeiii, who was in command of the Alamo,
to blow up that place and fail back to Gonzales,
making that a defensive position, which was sup-
posed to bo the furthest boundary the enemy
would ev< r reach.
Tins was on the 17th of January. That order
was seeieily superseded by the council; and Col-
onel, Tiavis, having relieved Colonel Neill, did
not 'blow up the Alamo, and retreat with such
at tides as were necessary for the defense of the
country; but remained m possession from the
17th ol January until the-last of February, when
the Alamo was invested by the force of Santa
Anna. Surrounded there, and cut off from all
succor,the consequence was they were destroyed;
they fell victims to the ruthless feelings of Santa
Anna, by the contrivance of the council, and in
violation of the plans of the major geneial for the
defense of the country.
What was tne fate of Johnson, of Ward, and
uf'iMu.nsr They had advanced beyond Copano
previous to forming a junction with Fannin, and
they were < ut oil. Fannin subsequently arrived,
and auemp^'d to advance, but till back to Goliad.
When tiie Alamo fell, he was at Goliad. King's
command had been left at Refugio, for the pur-
pose of defending some families, instead of re-
moving them. They were invested there; and
Ward, with a battalion of the gallant volunteers
of whom I have spoken, was sent to lelieve Kins:;
but he was annihilated. Fannin was in Goliad.
Ward, in attempting to come back, had become
lost or bewildered. The Alamo had fallen. On
the 4th of March the Commander-in-Chief was
reelected by the convention, after having laid
down his authority. He hesitated for hours before
he would accept the situation. He had antici-
pated every disaster that befel the country, from
the detached condition of the troops, under the
ordeis of the council, and the inevitable destruc-
tion that tiwaited them; and to this effect had so
leported to the Governor, on the 4th of February.
When he assumed the command, what was his
situation? Had he aid and succor? Hehadcon-
ciliated the Indians by treaty whilst he was su-
perseded by the unlawful edicts of the council.
He had conciliated thirteen bands of Indians, and
they remained amicable throughout the struggle
of the revolution. Had they not been concilia-
ted, but turned loose upon our people, the women
and chddren woula have perished in their flight
arising from panic. After treaty with the Indians,
lie attended the conventions, and acted in the de-
liberations of that body, signing the declaration
of independence, and was there elected. When
he started to the army, the only hope of Texas
remained then at Gonzales. Men with martial
spirit, with \ve!l-ncrved arms and gallant hearts,
had hastily rallied there as the last hope of Texas.
The Alamo was known to bo m siege. Fannin
was known to be embarrassed. Waid, also, and
Morns and Johnson, destroyed. All seemed to
besoeak calamity of the most direful character.
It wnstundei those circumstances that the geneial
started, and what was his escort' A general-in-
ch ief, you would suppose, was at least surrounded
by a staff of gallant men. It would be imagined
that some prestige ought to be given to him. 1 fo
was to produce a nation; he was to defend a peo-
ple; he was to command the resources of the coun-
try; and he must give character to the army.
He had, sir, two aids-de-camp, one captain, and
a youth. This was his escoi t m marching to the
headquarters of the army, as it was called The
provisional government had become extinct: self-
combustion had taken place, and H was utterly
consu mrd.
The general proceeded on his way and met
many fugitives. The day on which he left Wash-
ington, the 6th of March, the Alamo had fallen.
Mo anticipated it; and marching to Gonzales as
soon as practicable, though his health was infirm,
he arrived there on the 11th of March. He found
at Gonzales three hundred and seventy-four men,
half fed, half clad, and half armed, and without
organization. That was the nucleus on which he
had to foi m an army and defend the country. No
sooner did he arrive than he sent a dispatch to
Colonel Fannin, fifty-eight miles, which would
reach him in thirty hours, to fall back. He was
satisfied that the Alamo had fallen. Colonel Fan-
nin was ordered to fall back from Goliad, twenty-
five miles to Victoria, on the Guadalupe, thus
placing him within striking distance of Gonzales,
for he had only to march twenty-five miles to
Victoria to be on the east side of the Colorado,
with the only succor hoped for by the general.
He received an answer from Colonel Fannin, stat-
ing that he had leceived his order; hod held a coun-
cil of war; and that he had determined to defend the
place, and called it Fort Defence, and had taken the
responsibility to disobey the order.
Under these circumstances, the confirmation of
the fall of the Alamo reached the general. Was
it policy to give battle there against an over-
whelming force, flushed with victory and the
massacre of the Alamo? Was it wisdom in him
to put upon the hazard of a die three hundred
and seventy-four men, in the condition in which
his troops were, against ten thousand choice, vic-
torious troops of Mexico, backed by a nation of
eight million people, when he had only to rely
upon the voluntary casualties that might exist to
sustain him ? What did he do when he first went
there ? Ho ordered every wagon but one to be
employed in transporting the women and children
from the town of Gonzales, and had only four
oxen and a single wagon, as he believed, to trans-
port all the baggage and munitions of war belong-
ing to Texas at that point. That was all he had
left. He had provided for the women and chil-
dren; and every female and child left but one
whose husband had just perished in the Alamo;
and, disconsolate, she would not consent to leave
there until the rear guard was leaving the place;
but invoked the murderous hand of the Mexi-
cans to fall upon and destroy her and her chil-
dren.
Though the news of the fall of the Alamo ar-
rived at eight or nine o'clock at night, that night,
by eleven o'clock, the Commander-in-Chief had
everything in readiness to march, though panic
raged, and frenzy seized upon many; and though
it took all his personal influence to resist the panic
and bring them to composure, with all the encour-
agement he could use, he succeeded. An example
of composure himself, he at "last got the excite-
ment allayed; but not until twenty-five persons
had deserted and carried panic with them to the
eastern section of the country, as far as the Sa-
bine, announcing the fall and massacre of the
Alamo, and the massacre of the troops. He fell
back, but fell back m good order.
An incident that I will mention, of the most
unpleasant character, occurred on leaving Gon-
zales. On that night, about twelve miles from
there, it was announced to the general that the
Mexicans would suffer; that a barrel of gin and
a barrel of wine had been poisoned with arsenic,
and that, as they came to consume it, it would
destroy them. 1 presume no man ever had such
feelings of horror at a deed being perpetrated of
this kind, from which all the waters of the Jordan
could not cleanse the reputation of a general. But,
fortunately, the rearguard, without direction, set
fire to the place on leaving it; and, at Peach creek,
fifteen miles from that place, ere day dawned, ex-
plosions were heard, which produced some ex-
citement in camp, where it was supposed to be
the enemy's artillery; but the general rejoiced in
( it, as he knew, from the difference in the explo-
| sion,that it was not artillery, but the poisoned
liquor. That is one instance that occurred, among
other distressing events.
At Peach creek, fifteen miles from Gonzales,
he met a reinforcement of one hundred and twenty-
five men; but out of these one hundred and twenty-
five men, ere morning twenty-five had again de-
serted, owing to the teiriblc details that were
brought of the massacreof the Alamo. With that
addition his force only amounted to four hundred
and seventy-four men that remained with him.
The next day he met a detachment of thirty-five
men, and anticipating that ho would make a stand
at the Colorado, as he found it impossible to make
a stand at Gonzales, appointed an aid-de-camp,
Major William T. Austin, and dispatched him
for artillery to the mouth of the Brazos, for the
purpose of enabling him, on arriving at the Col-
orado, to make a stand—for he had not a single
piece of ordnance, not a cartridge, or a ball. The
aid-de-camp departed with an assurance that
within seven or eight days he would have it on
the Colorado, at Season's. In the mean time, and
to show that the general was not a fugitive, or
that he was not disposed to expose any one to
hazard, he was informed on the Nevada, fifteen
miles from the Colorado, that a blind woman,
with six "children, had been passed by, as she
was not residing on the road, but off at a dis-
tance. lie immediately oidered two of his aids-
dc-camp, with a company of men, to go and
bring her up, and made a dilatory march until
she joined them on the west side of the Colorado.
He then halted at the Colorado for days, until
the last hoof and the last human being that was
a fugitive had passed over. He had permitted
none to remain behind, exposed to the ruthless
enemy.
There he remained until the news of Fannin's
disaster came. Fannin, after disobeying orders,
attempted, on the 19th, to retreat; and had only
twenty-five miles to reach Victoria. His opinions
of chivalry and honor were such that he would
not avail himself of the nightto do it in, although
he had been admonished by the smoke of the
enemies' encampment for eight days previous to
attempting® retreat. He then attempted to retreat
m open day. The Mexican cavalry surrounded
him. He halted in a prairie, without water; com-
menced a fortification, and there was surrounded
by the enemy, who, from the hill tops, shot down
upon him. Though the most gallant spirits were
