THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1859.
New Series No. 23.
granted by Congress, of which there remains to-
day not one bit of gold dust in the treasury of
Texas. We gave them the means of controlling
the political condition of that State, thinking we
had placed men in power who hud claims upon
its confidence and respect. Whether it was a
wayward fit, or whether it was a considered thing, i
I care not. It a/Forded mc an opportunity of re- ,
tiring to tWe situation that 1 desire; and it has not I
alienated my affections in the slightest fiom the j
people of Texas. They have no honors to con-
fer that I would accept; still they are the people .
that I need not say I love. I cheiish them, and
their interest is to me a dear interest, because with
their destiny my posterity are identified.
These are the reasons that control me, Mr.
President, and they shall ever control me. Those
men had no power to inflict moitiiication on me,
and their act was exceedingly grateful to mc be-
cause it solved a problem which had never been
solved before. It had been insisted upon that
Texas could not get along without my services;
but they have demonstrated to me that they can
get along without my services, and I am exceed-
ingly glad of it, because it shows their increasing
prosperity. ^Laughter.] But, sir, whilst the con-
stitutional term which remains unexhausted to mc
shuli endure, I will continue faithfully to discharge
my trust to them, and 1 have made a gam if they
should porchancc have made a loss, and I will
avail myself of that advantage withoutlcaving the
Senate with a single regret, or, I hope, a harsh or
ungentle fee'ino- towards one gentleman wilhm the
scope of my view. 1 would not cherish a wish
of unkindncss to the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia; and if truthfully he can reconcile the course
which he has adopted to himself, he will meet
with no rebuke from me. But rebuke and vtndi-
.cation are different things.
It is possible that I may be able to extend cour-
tesy to the gentleman m my seclusion or retue-
mcnt at home, m my humble way of life—for
none of the blandishments of wealth or elegance
\ have ever surrounded me in life. Hardy and rug-
ged in my nature, both physically and intellec-
tually, I have always been ready to meet and
combat the inuomemences of life, f have known
how to abound, and I have known how to want.
1 have known what it is to frel exultation, and 1
have icalized abasement. Whatever Providence
has allotted me, that I have learned to be conten-
ted with, so long us my honor is untarnished.
The honorable gentleman may find it, ere a single
year runs out, convenient in an excursion to
Texa^, after some political events have taken place
in Georgia, to call and spend a social time with
me, realizing that foi tune is a capriciousjade, and
that politics are " mighty unsaitm." [Laugh-
ter.] Should the gentleman come, I promise him
the bread of peace, the reception of welcome; but
still he cannot indoctrinate me with the principles
of disunion. That I announce. That is a subject
that shall be ruled out of our social intercourse,
while it meets my unqualified condemnation with-
out attaching it to the gentleman himself. [Ap-
plause in the pillories.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order !
Mr. HOUSTON. I take the Globe, and ex-
pect to have them ail filed away, and 1 may oc-
casionally tiy to refresh my reminiscences, and
regale myself by adverting to some scenes that
have been exciting in the Senate of the United
States, and throughout the nation. I shall hope
-that they are things that have been, but are not;
for no sound will" be so delightful to me in re-
tirement as tohearthatthe Union is more closely
bound together every day, cemented by affection
and reciprocal kind offices; and that that crimi-
nation and recnnnnation which has existed here-
tofore, has died away; that all agitation has sub-
sided, and is forgotten; that like one great family^
in a grand migration to a happier condition of
national existence, we are marching hand in hand,
and that our people feel one common cause,
one common home, and one common fraternity
throughout the broad Union.
Rut, Air. President, notwithstanding the gen-
23
tleman's characteristic amenity and politeness,
his great amiability of disposition, and his bland
kindness of demeanor, I am satisfied that, when
he gave utterance to these sentiments, he could not
have been m earnest, and that they were merely an
ebullition of the moment—nothing more. He says:
'•The Senator talks about the Union and sinus hosatmas
in in pr.iw. £ have heard rho-e son as r-nns; before , and I
inn-r Kiy that f have nevei heaid them sun^ by a southern
man w ithout suspecting at once that his eye. was upon the
Pte-iduitey of thy United States."
Sir, that would argue, if I were disposed to be
suspicious—but I am very unsuspecting in my
nature—that the gentleman who is ready to draw
deductions from the conduct of others, was always
looking at that prize himself, and that on the least
indication, as he believed, of a similar feeling in
others, he was ready to dctect it and sot it down
to their account rather as an offense than as a
commendable quality. Again:
" It may requite a great deal of chatitv. looking af the
antecedents ol that Senatoi, and the lemaik-, he im< made
here to day, 10 suppose, although tn> pohm al hie I1- about to
end, that he ha* not io-t M-rhr o! tint long and hngrnny
hope ol Jus—the great foiiy of his itfe."'
Now, sir, I might call on the gentleman for
some evidence of that, but I will not do it. \ do
not believe it is tangible, and 1 do not wish to oc-
cupy time unnccessaiily; but, really, I have never
endeavored to chalk out a course of policy in my
life, with reference to the Presidency, that seemed
half so significant as to premise the dissolution
of the Union and the fommtion of a southern re-
public; foi that tv\uiy indicates ulterior views on
thcpait of the Semuoi, with a mind that was
suspicious—not with me! Again:
S?n, it i- thi> vciy intciiMiy of r'eelm^ which the Sena-
tor from Texa-5 has «o louir exhibited lot the Union, over
and at tin* s.vnhe.' of the inieie-t-; of own section, that"
the people of hi- tfiato have d'-em-d to put him in retire-
ment: and, for one, L cannot but rejoic.; at that decuion.-''
I should like to know what seeufice of the in-
terests of my eountiyl have ever caused. Was
it, for sacuficing my country that I was immo-
lated ? or that 1 whs pi"lermitted is a better ex-
pression, for I consider it no sacrifice without
some loss of life; and 1 am not hurt. [Laughter.]
The cry was '' abolition, and the three thousand
preachers," because I advocated their light of
petition to the Senate of the United States. These
were the charges made against me: opposition to
the Nebraska bill, voting against the repeal of
the Missouri compromise. I am satisfied that
it was done, not altogether regardless of the cir-
cumstances that then existed, for it was known
that about the time the .Nebraska bill was intro-
duced, when it was not contemplated to repeal
the Missouri compromise, in Providence, Rhode
Island, I made a solemn declaration that I would
vote against the bill, and resist it while 1 lived.
Then the alternative was suggested, " let us bring
in the repeal of the Missoun compi omise, and
Houston either is bound to reUaet what he lias
avowed publicly, or to vote against the repeal ol
the Missuuu compromise, and that will put him
down, by raising the cry of abolition ogamst him.
lie will have to vote witn gentlemen who uie ultra
in the North, and that will put him down, by
identifying h tm witil them. Besides, the Admin-
istration of the Government, with all its patron-
age, with all the newspap-T press, and with the
cry of Democracy, shall overwhelm this man,
and he is no longer an obstacle: and it we have
suspected he had ins eye on the Presidency, this
will kill him at home, and then he will be killed
abroad." There is a connotation in thatpait of
it, and lam much obliged to them for it.
I do not interfere with politics out of the Hous^
or in the House, any moie than I can help; but J
see that it is complained that the northern De-
mocracy is routed and broken down. I announced
in thp discussion of the Nebraska bill, that if you
dared to repeal the Missouti compromise, it would
be giving the adversaries of the Democracyin the-
North a weapon with whicit they would discomfit
and beat them down: that it was not mutaming
the northern Democracy; that it was hterolly
butchering them. Has it not b-"-?n so - And what
has the South gained by it? The result is that
within a brief space of time, two States that would
have been Indian territory, will be added to the
North. It has placed Missouri in such a situation
that she must of necessity yield to the surround-
ing influences, and add another State to the
North. I shall not enlarge upon this; but that is
what the South has gained. J forewarned them
of the impending evil, and for that I was stricken
down, so far as political influences could, be
biouglu to bear, I was pretermitted; and these
weie the offenses that 1 had committed. But the
southern vision is becoming clear; the beam is
being taken out of their natural eyes, and they are
beginning to comprehend fully the extent of tho
benefits (lowing from that kmd of dispensation. I
opposed that repeal. I could not agree with gen-
tlemen who advocated the measure of repealing
the Missouri compiomise, sanctified by so many
Demociaticassooiations, by the approval of Mon-
roe and his Cabinet, of Jackson, of Ptffk, and of
all the illustrious men; approved by all; rejected
by none; not even a mooted question in the com-
munity. Its repeal was concocted here, and from
■ here it was radiated throughout the country with
the eclat of a Democratic Administration, as a
Democratic measure.
I Hut did that sanctify that curse to the South ?
■No, sir; it could not con vert it into a blessing; that
, was impossible. If some gentleman oftheNoith,
who is co.inicleied ultiaiu politics—the gentleman
1 from Manaachusetts, or from New York, or from
■ Ohio—had introduced a provision to repeal the
[ Missouri compromise, what reception would the
! proposition have met in the South? There was
^ not a maji in the whole South who would not
! have grasped his'weapon of war and rushed to
the scene of combat, and been willing to have
| fallen upon that line in vindication of southern
| rights. Well, sir, did it sanctifyit as a measure,
■ of blessing to the South, that it was introduced
i not by a southern man, but by a northern man
i with southern principles15 When he introduced
I it, it was adopted by the South and by both the
I existing political parties which had but a few
! years before solemnly abjured the reagitation of
| the slavery question, in their political conven-
; tions. Their solemn pledge was disregarded; the
j torch was applied to the magazine of agitation;
1 and what has been the condition of the country
| from that moment to this but agitation unneces-
! sarily produced, for political ends and to manu-
facture Presidents5 That was all of it, and the
South is yet the sufferer; and I pray God that
: deeper calamities may not fall upon her. That
j measure is the initiative of misfortune to the
South.
These may have been my antecedents; but
they are such as 1 am proud of; and I only rcjriet
i did not triumph and enforce them with ability
sufficient to have produced a trembling in this
Chamber, to make gentlemen weak in the knees
who resisted the conviction thai flashed upon
;every mind.
I em sine I need not dwell upon this subject;
but I will make a further rematk to the honorable
gentleman, who on a former occasion classed me
as a party by myself. From that I latherderived
some consolation, because 1 knew that according
to my estimate, I could not have been in bad com-
■ pany if 1 v/.Te by mysjf, [laughtci.] and that no
dmicnby could arise between niyseltand my com-
panions. [Renewed laughter.] We should hai-
monize periecuy. I see discord in othei political
partus, 1 see e. great want of harmony; I see
•Muuds" and "softs," politically in the same
pai ty, not exactly harmomzing;some gointr ahttlo
too far, some not going far enough; some going one
road, and some another: some rather kind to
banks, and otlv-rs a little friendly to internal im-
provements, beyond the standard that General
Jackson fixed.
1 am a Union man. The great champion of tin*
Union was Andtew Jackson. To Inni descended
fn>m the fathers of the Rt public, in a direct line,
■ the principles upon which he stood: and his dec-
■ Juration, The Union; it must and shall be n«-e-
