1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1435
there with him, ho remained yi th.it situation all
that night and the next day, when a flag nf truce
whs nt rented; he entered into a capitul ition, and
was tr>k<-n to Goliad, on a promise to be returned
to the United States with all associated with him.
In less than eight days, the attempt was made to
roassacrc him and every man with him. I believe
some few did escape, most of whom came after-
wards and joined the army.
The general fell back from the Colorado. The
artillery had not yet arrived. He had every rea-
son to believe that the check given to General
Sesma, opposite to his camp on the west side of
the Colorado, would induce him to send for rein-
forcements, and that Fannin having been massa-
cred, a concentration of the enemy would neces-
sarily take place, and that an overwhelming force
would soon be upon him. He knew that one bat-
tie must be decisive of the fate of Texas. If lie
fought a battle and many of his men were wounded,
he could not transport them, and he would be
compelled to sacrifice the army to the wounded.
He determined to fall back, and did so, and on
falling back received an accession of thiee com-
panies that had been ordered from the mourn of
the Brazos. He heard no word of the artillery,
foi none had reached ther<>, nor did it ever start
for the army, and it was years before he knew
that his orders had been countermanded, and his
aid-de-camp withdrawn from him. lie wishes to
cast no reflection upon the dead. I shall not
ente> into that; but the gent-rat's oiders were not
executed; they were counteimanded; and the op-
portunity of obtaining artillery was cut off from
him. He marched and took position on the Bta-
zos, with as much expedition a?i was consistent
with his situation; but at San Felipe he found a
spirit of dissatisfaction m the troops. The Gov-
ernment had removed east. It had left Wash-
ington and gone to Harrisburjr, and the appre-
hension of the settlers had been awakened and
increased, rather than decreased. The spirits of
the men were bowed down. Hope seemed m have
depaited, and with the little band alone lemained
anything like a consciousness of strength.
At San Felipe objection was made to marching
up the Brazos. It was said that setdeman!« were
down below, and persons interested were there.
Oxen could not be found for the match, in the
morning, of a certain company. The jreneral
directed that they should follow as soon as oxen
were collected. He marched up the Brazos,and
crossing Mill Creek,encamped there. An express
was sent to him, asking his permission for that
company to go down the Brazos to Foi t Bend,
and to remain there. Knowing that it arose from
a spirit of sedition, he granted that permission,
and they marched down. On the Brazos, the effi-
cient force under his command amounted to five
hundred and twenty. Ho remained there fiom
the last of March until the 13th of Apiil. On his
arrival at the Brazos, he found th;\t the rams had i
been excessive. He had no opportunity of oper- j
ating against the enemy. They marched to San i
Felipe, within eighteen miles of him, and would j
have been liable to surprise at any time, had it j
not been for the high waters of the Brazos, which
prevented him from marching upon them by sur-
prise. Thus, he was pent up. The portion of
the Brazos in which he was, became an island.
The water had not been for years so high.
On ai riving at the Brazos, he found that the
Yellow Stone, a very respectable steamboat, had
gone up the river lor the purpose of transporting
cotton. She was seized by order of the general to
enable him, if necessary, to pass the Brazos at
•my moment, and was detained with a guaid on
board. She remained there for a number of days.
The general had taken every precaution possible
to prevent the enemy from passing the Brazos
below. He had ordered every craft to be de-
stroyed on the river. He knew that the enemy
could nothave constructed rafts and crossed; but,
by a ruse, they obtained the only boat that was
in that part of the country, where a command
was stationed. They came and spoke English.
The boat was sent over, and the Mexicans sur-
prised the boatmen, and took possession of it.
Those on the east side of the river retreated; and
thus Santa Annaobtamed an opportunity of trans-
porting his artillery and army across the Brazos.
The general anticipated that something or the
kind must have taken place, because his intelli-
gence from San Felipe was, that all was quiet
; there. The enemy had kept up a cannonade on
tue position across the nv&r, where over one hum
. dred men were stationed. The encampment on
■ the Btazos was the point at wbmh th« fitst piece
of aruiiery was ever received by the army. They
• were without munitions; old horse shoes, and all
' pieces of iron that could be. procured, had to be
j cut up; various things were to be provided; there
j were no cartridges and but few balls. Two
j small six-pounders, ptesenicd by the magnamm-
j ity of the people of Cincinnati, and subsequently
j called the " twin sisters," were the first pieces of
j artillery that were used in Texas From thence,
j the march commenced at Donoho's, three miles
j from Groce5s. It had requited several days to
! cross the Brazos, with the horses and wagons
i Genetal Rusk had arrived in camp on the 4th
i of April. He was then Secretary of War—Col-
! oncl Rusk—and as a fi lend of the Commander-m-
- Chief, he was received, lie was supei seded, and
; Mr, Thomas was acting Secretary of War. He
.remained with the anny. The Commander-in-
' Chief camped three mile.* Aom the Biazos timber,
and with unusual vigilance preserved the forces
together, only a few deserting. They were then
j east of the Fhazos, and the settlements weie east
j of them. He remained only that night. The road
from San Felipe, situated below the army on the
\ Brazos, led to eastern Texas or the Sabine. The
i road to Hamsburgcrossed itatrightanglesgoing
south. The genotal had provided a guide ac-
quainted with the country, as it was a portion in
which he had nevei been. The morning came.
Ai rangerneuts were made early. Some embar-
rassim nts arose for want of animals for artillery;
hut soon they were in ietidiness, and as the troops
filed out in the direction of Harrisburg, without
an intimation being given to any one, two com-
panies that had been stationed at San Felipe, and
below that, on the Bra/.os,and ordered toconcen-
tir.te at Donoho's, arwved. The officers were
sullen and refractory; they had " not eaten."
Some coi;\ei sation took place. They asked if no
fighting was to be done. They were told, fight-
ing was to be done; they need not be uneasy about
that; the enemy have crossed below. At that
moment a negro came up and said, he had been
made a prisoner by the enemy and was released,
and announced the fact that Santa Anna had
crossed the Stazosand was marching to Harris-
hutg. These companies were ordered into line.
One of them obeyed; the other objected to going,
as they had had no refreshments. The whole
management, and the entire responsibility ofevery
movementatth.it time, devolved upon the gen-
eral. He told the refiactory captain, whom he
had known for many years, to march directly to
the Tiinity and protect the women and children <
if the Indians should prove tuibulent; and, at all
events, to kill beef for them, and sec that their
supplies were suilieient. The general acted upon
no orders given to him during the campaign; but
assumed the sole responsibility of all his acts.
The march to Hamsburg was effected through
the giealest possible difficulties. The prairies
were quagmired. The contents of the wagons had
to be carried across the bogs, and the empty
wagons had to be assisted in aid of the horses.
No less than eight impediments in one day had
to be overcome in that way. Notwithstanding
that, the remarkable success of the march brought
the army in a little time to Hamsburg, opposite
which it halted. Deaf Smith, known as such—
his proper name was Erasmus Smith—had gone
over by rafts with other spies, and, after crossing,
ai rested two courieis and biought them into camp.
Upon them was found a buckskin wallet, contain-
ing dispatches of General Filosola to General
Santa Anna, as well as from Mexico, and thereby :
we were satisfied that Santa Anna had marched j
to San Jacinto with the elite of his army, and we ■
resolved to push on. Orders were given by the :
general immediately to prepare rations for three
days, and to be at an early hour in readiness to ;
cross the bayou. The next mornmg'we find that
the Commander-in-Chief addressed a note in
pencil to Colonel Henry Raguet, of Nacogdoches,
in these woids:
"Camp at Harrisburo, rfpril J9, 1836.
u j?ir : This mormon we :ircj in preparation to meet
Santa Anna, it h the <mh ehMiee of paving Texas-. From
time to time. I have looked tor n'uiioia uieiu- m vain. The
convention adjourning to linnMiuig, M.i nek junta ihtough
out the country Texas could have staited at least lour
thousand men. We will onty have about seven hundred
to march with, besides the camp guard. We gotocon-
quor. It is wwlom, growing out of necessity, ro meet the
enemy now; even, eoiisfderfttum enforces It. No previous
oeeafion would justify it. The troops are in fine spirits,
and n«nv is the time for action.>' * * - *« *
" W o «?hnU use our best efforts to fight the enemy to such
advantage will insure victory, though odds are greatly
against us. 1 leave the result in the hands of a wise God.
and rely upon His providence. - * .<-*
My coiintrv will do justice to those who serve he$
J he nghu tor winch we fight will be secured, and Texas
fico. '
; This letter was signed by the Cammandemn-
j Chief. : '
i A crossing was effected by the evening, and the
I line of march was taken up. The force amounted
. to a little over seven hundred men. The camp
j guard remained opposite Hamsburg., The cav-
! airy had to swim across the bayou, which is of
' considerable width and depth. General Rusk re-
j mained with the army on the west side. The
■ Commander-in-Chief stepped mto the first boat of
j the pioneers, swam his horao with the boat, and
j took position on the opposite side, where the en-
! erny were, and continued there until the array
| crossed. The march was then taken up. A few
j minutes, or perhaps an hour or soof daylight only
remained. The troops continued to march until
the men became so exhausted and fatigued that
tlrny were falling against each orfher in the ranks,
and some falling down from exhaustion. The
general ordered a halt after marching a short dis-
tance from the road to secure a place in a chap-
paral. The army rested for perhaps two hours,
when, at the tap of the drum given by the gen-
eral, they were again on their feet, and took up
the hue of march for San Jacinto, for the purpose
of cutting off Santa Anna below the junction of
the San Jacinto and Buffalo bayou. If was ne-
cessary for Santa Anna Lo cross the San Jacinto
to unite with the' Mexicans in Nacogdoches
county, and incite the Indians to war. Santa
Anna had piovided a boat through the instru-
mentality ofTexans who had joined him, and was
in readiness to cross. He had marched down to
New Washington, some seven or eight miles be-
low the San Jacinto, and was returning to take
up his march eastward. After sunrise some time,
the army having halted to slaughter beeves and
refresh, the signal was given that our scouts had
encountered those of the enemy; eating was sus~
pended, everything packed, and we wero on the
march. We marched down to the ferry of San
Jacinto, and there halted. There was no word
of the enemy. About half a mile or a mite up.
the bayou, where the timber commenced, we fell
back and formed an encampment in the timber,
so as to give security from the brow of the hill,
as well as the timber that covered it, at the same
time running up the boat which he had provided,
and securing it in the rear of our encampment.
That was the position taken. The artillery was
planted in front, for it had never been fired, and
the enemy were really not apprised that we had
a piece. The troops were secured so as to expose
none, but the few> artillerists, to view. There
were bur eighteen of them, and nine were assigned
to each piece. The enemy, within about three
hundred yards, I think, took position with their
artillery and infantry, and opened fire from a
twelve-pounder. It continued until evening. It
did no execution, however, with the exception
of one shot. Colonel Ncill, of the artillery, was
wounded, though not mortally. That was the
only injury we sustained. At length Santa Anna
ordered his infantry to advance. They were ad-
vancing. when our artillery was ordered to iire
upon them; but they being so much depressed, it
passed over their heads and did no injury; but
they returned in such haste and confusion to their
encampment that it inspirited our troops, and
caused the welkin to ring.
Upon our left, a company of infantry was, by-
Santa Anna, posted in an island of timber, withm
one hundred and fifty yards of our encampment.
An officer desired the general to let him charge,
which was readily conceded. He wished to, and
did, make the charge on horseback, though not
in accordance with the general's opinion, it
proved a failure; which will be explained here-
after.
The enemy, after receiving some injury from
the discharge of our artillery, fell back to the
heights of San Jacinto, and commenced fortify-
ing.
In the evening, the general ordered a recon-
