1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ordered Colonel Bennett to go aVound to the cap-
tains and men of Sherman's regiment, to see what
their spirits were; whether they were chcerful,
and whetherhe thought them desirous fora battle.
Colonel Bennett reported favorably. They were
ordered to parade. The plan of battle is described
in the official report of the Commander-in-Chief,
to be found in Yoakum's history, one of the most
authentic and valuable-books in connection with
the general affairs of Texas, that can be found;
m which nothing is stated upon individual respons-
ibility; everything in it is sustained by the offi-
cial documents.
With the exception ofthe Commander-in-Chief,
no gentleman in the army had ever been in a
general action, or even witnessed one; no one had
been drilled in a regular army, or had been ac-
customed to the evolutions necessary to the man-
euvering of troops. So soon as the disposition
of the troops was made, according to his judg-
ment, he announced to the Secretary of War the
plan of battle. It was concurred in instantly.
The Commander-in-Chief requested the Secre-
tary of War to take command of the left wing, so !
as to possess him of the timber, and enable mm
to turn the right ving of the enemy. The gen-
eral's plan of battle was earned out. About all
the silly and scandalous charges made against
the general, as to ordering a halt during ilie ac-
tion, and after he was wounded, leaving the field,
1 will examine the facts, known to the army, and
every brave man in it. 1 will, as authority, refer
to the report of the Secretary of War, General
Rusk, and see what he says m relation to that.
Jn his report to the President, ad interim, he says:
" Major Genetal Houston acted with great gallantry, en-
couragingIns men to the attack,and heroically chained, in
irout ol the mlantry, within a lew yaids o! the enemy, re-
ceiving at the &ume time a wound in hit> leg.''
This is the testimony of Genetal Rusk, in re-
lation to one of the calumnies that have been
brought forward and paraded by the maligneivs of
the Commander-in-Chief. Again, to show that
the general was not laggard throughout the action,
we find the attestation of as gallant a man as lives,
General Benjamin McCulloch. He says:
" At the battle of San Jacinto, I was in command of one
piece of artiHeiy. The firofioin it opened upon the enemy
about two hundred yards distant. We advanced after each
discharge, keeping in advance ot the mfanlty, until we were
within less than one bundled yards of then breastwoik. at
which time I had aimed the nun, hut vva? del.ned in tiring
for a moment by General Hou-ton, who p.\s>ed actOss,
some thirty yards in front of the gun, and wa« at that time
nearly that distance m advance of every man in that pait
ofthe field. Afier tliic-, I saw him advancing upon the en-
emy, at lea-n one third of the distance between the two
armies, in front of Colonel Builes>on\s regiment, when it was
not more than seventy or eighty >auN Aom the enemy's
breastworks. About tiin tune, the enemy gave way, and
the route became genera!.
"My recollections of the battle of San Jacinto.
« ben. Mcculloch.
l( February 28, ! 8.")8."
Now, I merely read these documents to show
the refutation which is given to tlresc calumnies,
and that they may become a recoid, and placed
in the annals of the country while I am living,
and not leave it to other hands to finish a work
which Providence has accorded to me. I will, in
concluding this point, read the testimony of Gen-
eral Rusk, to show that the Commander-in-Chief
remained on the field, and continued in pursuit of
the enemy until his horse, pierced with five balls,
fell under lnm.
Extract from a letter of General Rusk to Wil-
liam R. Stout, relative to the conduct of General
Houston, in the battle of San Jacinto:
"As to the halt spoken of, I know of none oidered by
Genial Houston, except at the hog, or quagmire, alter the
Mexicans weie defeated and in full retreat. At that point,
I met with the general for the fir««t time after he was
wounded. The men were entangled and in confusion ; the
genetal ordered a halt to form the men."
From this time no hostile gun was fired. The
last detachment of the enemy immediately sur-
rendered. This was not in the onset of the action;
but when it was over. Mr Sherman displayed
his prudence in the onset of the action, and se-
cured hts person beyond the reach of danger.
Thus far, Mr. President, I have referred to doc-
umentary evidence that may be relied on, to es-
tablish the conduct of the general, which may be |j st , ^
found in one of the most authentic histories of \ hts appearance being line, the general appointed
Texas; one written with good taste, succinct and jj him a member of his staff. Shortly after, reports
instructing in us chaiacter, and giving a good ij came on very detrimental to him. The general
idea of tlie object for which it was designed— !i was not apprised of them, and ordered him to
Yoakum's History of Texas. It is a work with
which the Commander-in-Chief had no connec-
tion,never having seen a page of it in manuscript
in his life. His object has not been to write history,
or to supervise its composition. His only object
has been to vindicate himselfagainst the calumnies
that have been brought forward, and got up re-
cently, for the purpose not only of attacking him,
but assailing every man who was friendly to himj
and that by individuals whose malignity has been
bitter; whose hostility to the cause of Texas, and
to everything like the establishment of good gov-
ernment, has been notorious and proverbial in
Texas. The author of this almanac, Willard Rich-
ardson—1 must immortalize him—if reports be
true, and I have no reason to doubt them, had he
been assigned to his proper place, would have
been dignified by a penitentiary residence before
this time, owing to the peccadilloes with which he
waschargcd. Although theyhavebeensmothered
and done away with, his character is not vindi-
cated to the woild. He still goes on from sin to
sin, from abuse? to slander. Sir, I have no dispo-
sition to ammadvett more: but could the charac-
ters of these individuals, and the motives which
prompted them, be known, it would not have
been necessary for me to occupy the time of the
Senate on this occasion; or to give a thought to
what has transpired, in relation to the Comman-
der-in-Chief of the at my of Texas. I find, how-
ever, that bitter, that undying hostility to him,
that will not perish even with his life; and 1 have
no doubt the very creatures that are hunting him
now, would hunt him, if they could, beyond the
grave. No longer than last night—and I regret,
exceedingly, to advert to it—I received a letter
from a respectable gentleman in New York, con-
| taining an item that I must pay some attention to.
j i hate these trivial things; but yet they bear an
I import with them that seems to claim my atten-
j tion. lie says:
Fort Chester, West Chester County, New York,
FeWuary 21, 1809.
My dear General : Chagrined and mortified, I sit down
to tell you of the burning disgrace that has, tins evemni,',
been given to your well-earned fame, lteverend Jame-j H.
Perry. D. I)., of Now York, delivered m a lecture m the
Methodist Episcopal Church this evening, the most bitter
ieinark-< respecting >our bravery and honor, thatevei passed
human hps. The subject was " The ba'tle of San Jaeinio:
its causes and consequences." Mr. Perry mloimed his
large and intelligent audience that lie was piompted by p.t-
tiionc motives to enlist in the Te.\an cause ; that he visited
you at your camp, with iettei* of introduction, and was ad-
mitted a member of vour staff. Without repeating the de-
tails of the battle, in which he took occasion to say that
every aduancc movement ofthe army was without your eon-
sent, and only made by the wiser and more patriotic mani-
festations ol the army, in which you weie obliged to acqui-
esce, he closed by a peroration that astonished and wounded
[ eveiy person present He said - "I wi*h u to be understood,
| tor I* speak what I do know, that the battle of San Jacinto
| was fought, and the victory'was. achieved in spite of Gen-
era! Ilo iM.on ; arid the wieath that now encircles his biow,
as the hero of that battle, has not in it one trreen leaf."
1 would not, my dear general, call your attention to this
subject, but toi the reason that the details of the lecture ure
to lie given elsewhere at the North ; and being a young man
at the time the battle was fought, my whole theory of the
" causes and consequence*," and the p.irt taken by your-
self, has been utteilv destroyed, so far as the reverend doctor
could do Mav J inquire if you remember James II. Perry
as your aid-de-eamp, and what the part he took in the battle
of San Jacinto? Your answer will not only gtatify me,
but hundreds who listened to the defamations of yimr hon-
oied and eheredied renown.
1 am, very sincerely, your attached friend,
General Sam Houston.
Now, Mr. President, for twelve years this gen-
tleman has been sedulously engaged in defaming
i the character of the Commander-in-Chief, or at-
i tempting to do it. I was apprised of it before,
j Gentlemen of his denomination, of high respect-
ability, assured me that a stop would be put to it.
j I see that he has broken out in a fresh place. It
| is necessary that I should give some of my knowl-
i edge of lus character.
I He came to the camp on the Colorado, with lot-
! ters of introduction from the President and other
i members of the Cabinet, to the Commander-in-
i Chief, recommending him as a graduate of West
I Point, or having been a student there. Being a
! good-looking gentleman, plausible in his manner,
j unembarrassed by diffidence, not very cultivated,
would do very well for a soldier or olficer.
drill Colonel Burleson's regiment. Colonel Bur.-,
leson objected to his drilling; his regiment, for _the
reason that he did not consider him a man of good
character; that he had come to New Orleans with
his wife, or some other woman, as,was reported*
and taking a free yellow girl from the Nprth, h§
had attempted to dispose of her, as a s|ave,.in tfi§
South; and some difficulties originated Trom^tfie,
fact. His" patriotism" that he speaks,of, w,hjich
caused him to enlist in the cause of TeXag,^
rather suppose, from the influence ot disagrgea-^
ble circumstances, prompted him to seek a ref-
uge in Texas. He came there. That was the
reverend gentleman. He continued there, in his
position as staff officer, until the arrival of the
army on the Brazos.
An order was given by the general that no one
should communicate from camp without the com-
munication passing the general's eye; and, when-
ever an express was to leave camp, the letters
were to be brought to him, so that he might know
that nothing detrimental to the army should go
out, or that anything necessary to be concealed
would be disclosed to the world. An express
was about to start. A letter of Major Perry that
then was, was brought to the general. It was
seated. He opened it, and found it contained the
grossest defamation and slander of himself; he
sent for Major Perry; he gave the letter to the-
assistant inspector general, and told him to read
it to Major Perry; ft was so done. Major Perry,
when asked by the Commander-in-Chief what he
thought of it, observed, it was stronger than he
imagined, and may be it was wrong. He then
«aid, "Go to your duty, sir; I do not care for all
the spies in the world, if they will tell the truth."
Perry remained in camp, still attached to the
staff, and when they arrived at Harrisburg, he
passed over Buffalo bayou with the spies. On the
march to San Jacinto, he was taken under suspi-
cious circumstances—having left the line of the
Toxans. He was taken by Captain Karnes and
private Seacrist, of the spies, and brought to the
general. They reported that he had changed his
horse's caparison, also his musket for an escopet;
and they believed he had communication with the
enemy. The general ordered him to be disarmed
and sent to the guard fire. Karnes said, " Gen-
eral, are you not going to execute him ?" " No,
Karnes," replied the general, " I have no leisure
at this time to look into the matter." "Sir,"
said ho, " if we had known that you would not
have instantly executed him, you would never
have been troubled with him; he is a traitor and
a spy."
That was on the 20th. He remained under
guard until the morning of the 21st. He sent the
general a message, which is not precisely recol-
lected. The general gave orders to restore his
arms, giving him an opportunity to wipe off the
stigmalhathehad placed upon his character, and
gave him leave to go into the battle; whether he
did or not is not known to me. When I heard
of his conduct, the general might have appre-
hended that he would have been the first object
for him to assassinate; but he defies a traitor, a
spy, or an assassin, if he can confront him. This
is the Rev. James H. Perry, D. D. His letter
from the Brazos shall be published after 1 return
to Texas. It shall appear in the New York
Herald. It will vindicate all 1 have said.
He says, in his letter from camp, that the gen-
eral was not in the habit of drinking ardentspirits,
but was a confirmed opium eater. I believe there
never wasoneof them cured, and thegenerallooks
very little like an opium eater. His correspondent
was the notonous Robert Potter, of North Caro-
lina, who was Secretary of the Navy in Texas.
The genera! had no hand in making him so. He
was the gentleman with whom the reverend doc-
tor corresponded. He acknowledges himself liis
spy and pimp upon the geneial; and they were a
most worthy pair.
These are some of the circumstances that I have
felt it my duty to state in vindication of the Com-
mander-in-Chief. I think it is a duty that a man
owes, after he has passed his life pretty much in
the service of his country, and is about to retire
from that service, that he should do a little ted-
ding up, and airanging of matters which poster
ityTnay not'so well comprehend without expla-
nation. I will call the attention of the honorable
Senate to one fact; and I will ask why was the
