1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MS
but as it has a political bearing, it is legitimate,)
in answer to the allusion made by the honorable
Senator from Georgia, says that " his defeat in
the Slate of Texas did not rest upon his political
course in Congress, but that it was from an ex-
penditure of means which he had the honor to pro-
cure, in part, for the State, which were improperly
used by the Democratic party in procuring his
defeat." This is news to me.
Mr. HOUSTON". My colleague will permit me
to remark that that was'not what I said, nor what
1 meant. I did not say that the Democratic party
had done so.
Mr. WARD. You said the partyin power?
Mr. HOUSTON. I said the party in power.
Mr. WARD. Then, sir, I claim that to be the
Democratic party in Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON. I mean the Austin State
Committee.
Mr. WARD. In reference to the political as-
pect of Texas, and the course which has been pur-
sued by my honorable colleague, I can sayHhat
he is personally popular in that State, and has
many warm ppluical friends; but he must allow
me to differ with him as to his course as their rep-
resentative in Congiess. I am free to say that his
coursc did not meet the approbation of the people
of Texas; and but for that fact, and his digression
fi om the Democratic faith, he would have retained
his seat, in my humble opinion, upon this floor.
This much is due to the people of Texas, and I
say it in the very best feeling—for personally we
are friendly^but I know these to be the facts of
the case; and as I was in the Legislature during
that period, it has been brought forcibly to my
mind, and the Legislature intimated its charge
against him by resolution. The acts to which he
aliudes as having been charged upon him by the
honorable Senator from Georgia, which excluded
him from this body, are within my recollection;
and they are as stated. I say this much to place
Texas in a proper light before the country, be it
right or wrong. I claim that it is right; but these
are the facts of the case.
I shall not, on this occasion, use an argument
to prove the political position of Texas. Texas
has answered for herself. What are the facts in
the case? Why> sir, they elected a Governor by
a large majority of ten thousand votes, who spoke
the sentiments of what is known as the southern
State-rights party, in the strongest language pos-
sible. They elected a Senator to succeed my hon-
orable colleague, speaking the very same senti-
ments, and who has ever done it. In 1855, they
elected a Representative here who claimed to be a
Democrat, when he was, m fact, the nominee of
the Know Nothing party. After serving one
term, he went home and put his name before the
people again, after having made long speeches in
the other end of this Capitol against the interests
of the South; in one of which he said " that he had
lather see Kansas burned to ashes,and the earth
rocked by an earthquake like a cradle, and every
slave swept from the fields of the South, than to
see this Union dissolved." This sentiment was
arraigned against him in his canvass on the next
race, and what was the consequence ? The people
swept him from the political field of that country,
so far out of it that he has never been there since.
These are the views entertained by Texas in
relation to State-rights, and the rights which they
claim«under the Constitution; which they claim
as rights, and not as favors. If they are rights,
we demand them. If we have no rights, the
sooner we know it the better. I am opposed to
the discussion of this question. Discussions
have ended where they commenced. They con-
sume time and money to no purpose. I believe
that when unconstitutional aggressions are made
upon our rights, action is the thing—dignified
and prompt action. Let us deiine what our
rights are, and act upon them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I really regret that my col-
league has found it necessary to object to any-
thing that I have said; for it was not my inten-
tion, but the furthest from it in the world, to raise
any controversy with him. 1 admit what he says
with regard to the gentleman who is now Gov-
ernor of the State of Texas. I suppose he is a very
clever gentleman; I have very little personal ac-
quaintance with him; buthisantecedents,I think,
were of the character stated—he was a State-rights
man. i furthermore believe that the Lieutenant-
Governor was also of the same politics. But, sir,
the question of State-rights, or whatare more com-
monly called southern rights, was never raised in
the canvass over the State that I ever heard of.
If that question has ever been made there, I have
not heard of it. The question that dccided the
contest was Nebraska and anti-Nebraska; and
such was the heated condition of it, that it was
really exciting. An anecdote will illustrate this.
There was a man who had a very fine son whom
he had not seen for some time. He hailed him
one day and said, "Come in, my good fellow,
come in." " I have not time," was the reply.
" Come in; the old woman has a fine boy ten days
old; come in and see him; and I have got the
biggest name for him you ever heard of in your
life." "What is it," he inquired. "Anti-Ne-
braska," was the reply. " Yes," said he, " Anti-
Nebraska. He is a greater man than General
Jackson or Bonaparte ever was." [Laughter.]
He went in; and in the Bible he had inserted "Anti-
Nebraska. " It shows you the inflamed state of
the public mind, caused by the Nebraska bill and
the repeal of the Missouri compromise. That
was the issue, and also my action on the petition
of the three thousand pieachers.
I did not intend to impugn the principles of my
colleague. I know that his life is one of spotless-
ness and patriotism; and I have never thought of
impugning him; and on reflection he will admit,
I presume, that State-rights lias never been made
an issue m our State. He will admit, also, that
the chairman of the Democratic committee was
but a few years in the State when he was elected
chairman of the DemociaticStatecommittee, and
that that gentleman had been a disunion editor in
Mississippi, and was a member of the Nashville
disunion convention. He will admit that, I am
sure, and that isali I want admitted, in our State
that has never been made an issue: but whenever
the question arises of union or disunion, then it
may be tested fairly. I do not know how itwili
come out, but I can guess. I assure the honorable
Senator, however, that my intention was not to
cast the slightest reflection on him; but I said that
since the money of which I spoke was granted
to the State, the application of it had been placed
in certain hands, and that in a few years it was
exhausted, and politics had taken a different turn
within that time. There was no charge, that I
know of, exhibited against m^, but that of voting
with gentlemen of the North who were obnoxious
to the reprobation of those in the South. That
is the whole of it. I had no intention of reflecting
, either on the Executive of the State or the general
i politics of the State, for they did not enter into
' the election. Nor did 1 intend to reflect, in the
slightest degree, on my honorable colleague, for
he is very acceptable to me.
i Mr. WARD. I do not wish my honorable col-
league to undo stand that I take a position in favor
of dissolving the Union in round terms; but I do
say, in connection with that, if we are to compro-
mise ali the rights we have under the Constitution,
! or permit them to be violated, we will take the
■ rights we have as Stfttes in preference to the Union;
bccausc it will be noUmon without those rights,
i We are disposed to cling to the Union as long as
' the Union will protect and preserve our mstitu-
: tions. We claim this protection; and if it is dis-
' regarded by the Federal Government, I say it is
no Union, and there is no pleasure in it. I voted
| for the annexation of Texas, and voted font with
: all my heart. I was anxious for the alliance. I
! was proud the day it succeeded. Rut while I en-
! tertain these feelings, does ltargue that our rights
: as southern States are to be compromised, and
! we are still content to bind ourselves to that Union
| which is oppressing us * I say, when that day
i comes, I shall regret it as much as any man on
; tins floor; but, rather than submit to the repeated
! violation of our constitutional rights, it is better
! to be out of the Union.
| Mr. HOUSTON. I have no hypothetical
: cases, no supposititious cases, to put to the Sena-
' tor at all. I have only this to remade, that 1 hope
' my honorable colleague does not suppose I would
submit to any infraction of our rights. I make no
distinction between southern and northern rights.
; Our rights are rights common to the whoIeUmon.
: I would not see wrong inflicted on the North or
; on the South, but I am for the Union, without
! any " if" in the case, and my motto is, " it shall
| be preserved."
j Mr. WARD. I will only remark to my hon-
orable colleague, that there is a difference of that
" if" between us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. GWIN. I will suggest to the Senate that
in my judgment it would be better, temporarily,
to withdraw that amendment, in order that the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler] may
have an opportunity of amending the bill in re-
gard to an important portion of its details, which
will not affect the question of locating the route.
I think that the friends of the measure will find
it to the advantage of the bill to have the details
as to the means to be applied to the building of
the road perfected in accordance with the views
of those who intend to advocate the measure, be-
fore the question in regard to the location of the
route is voted on. I therefore hope this amend-
ment will be temporarily withdrawn, until the
Senator from Pennsylvania will have a vote on
the proposition which he has submitted.
Mr. COLLAMER. I had intended, Mr. Pres-
ident, to wait until this bill was perfected and put
into its ultimate and final shape, before express-
ing any particular opinion in relation to it; but
in the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] yesterday, he suggested
that if amendments—the amendment under con-
sideration, for instance—were adopted, if the bill
were not left in all its essential features as the
committee reported it, it would be a failure; and
these amendments, however designed, would ne-
cessarily, if adopted, effect the defeat of this bill.
Now, ph, after lemarks of that kind made by
that Senator, who was a member of the commit-
tee that framed and reported the bill, and es-
pecially after the remarks made by the honorable
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Hari.an,] in regard to
the position that he considered the Senators from
my part of the country occupied in relation to this
measure, and the responsibilities that rested on
them, I ftdt myself no longer at liberty to keep
entire silence about it.
The great object and purpose, Mr. President,^
professed to be had in view, and desired to be ef-
fected, as I understand, is a connection with the
coast of the Pacific at San Francisco; a railway
communication which shall connect the Golden
Gate, the great emporium of the commerce of the
Pacific, with the Atlantic portion of the United
States. That is the point to be effected; but if
the bill is so shaped that in the opinion of any
Senator it will not and cannot effect that great pur-
pose, certainly he must vote against it, following
his own convictions. I shall endeavor to coufine
the range of my remarks to compaiatively a few
points.
The first one is this: What are the provisions
of this bill in relation to the route which the road
is to take ? I do not think that saying it is to start
between the mouths of the Big Sioux and the Kan-
sas rivers on the one end, and that the other term-
ination is to be at San Francisco, determines
the fact that this road will actually be effected be-
tween those two points by the means which this
bill points out. That, in my mind, depends
very much on the route it may take; and, to my
view, the terminations do not at all define the
route to be taken. I remember a good old gen-
tleman who insisted upon it that "there was one
great excellency of the town in which he lived:
that you could start from there and go anywhere
in the world. He seemed to think that the pecu-
liar excellence of his place. I think just so about
the starting here between the Big Sioux and the
Kansas; you can go anywhere on earth.
We have to examine this bill for the purpose of
seeing what security we have for the route to be
taken, and fiist, whether it really furnishes any
sufficient security at all. I must acknowledge thai
after an examination and a reexamination of this
hill, since the dialogue between the honorable
Senator, the chairman of this committee, [Mr.
Gwi.v,j and the honorable Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] a few days ago, I have found
myself at a loss about the meaning of it, and I am
still at a loss on further examination. We aie
told in the first section of the bill that the President
is to contract for the carrying of the mail, and
other transportation service of the United States,
" on the most eligible route, reference being had
to feasibility, shortness, and economy." These
