as#
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
words have been repeated and dwelt upon by gen-
tlemen over and over again. I ask how is the
President to know, by what means is he to come
at the point ofascertainihg which route is the most
feasible, practicable, and economical? is he at
liberty, by the words of the bill, to make a con-
tract without knowing where the road is to go ?
Is it intended, by this bill, to be made his duty
to make a contract for a route without knowing
where on earth it is to be located except at its
termination ? If so, these words are a delusion, a
fraud, and a deception. They carry the idea that
the President is to make a contract on some route
that is feasible, that is economical, that is prac-
ticable', and yet gentlemen tell us, " no, he is to
make a contract,'' and the men who construct the
road are themselves afterwards to make the road
where they please between these termini.
WelJ, if they are to make the road where they
please, how is the President to carry out the pro-
vision which directs him to make a contract for
transportation on the most feasible route ? Both
these things cannot be true; and they are not
true. In the nature of things, they are both in-
capable of being trite; and therefore it is a decep-
tion andadelusion. If the firstsection beintended
to carry out the idea which is suggested, it should
rend thus: " that the President is authorized and
directed to make a contract to carry the mails,
&c., upon sucii route as the said contractors shall
themselves select." Does it read so ? Certainly
not. Does itmean so? If it does, it is duplicity—
intentional duplicity. No, sir; notwithstanding
ail that gentlemen have said, the true meaning of
that language is to leave the matter in the control
of the President. It is to be constiued in connec-
tion with the fifth section, to which we are re-
ferred on this topic; but that, after all, means the
same thing; for, in the fifth section, after provid-
ing for bids to be put in, it says that the Presi-
dent shall make a contract "in pursuance of the
provisions of this act for the construction of said
road." Ho is to make a contract winch is to be
in pursuance of the provisions of tins act; and
what are the provisions of this act? That he
shall contract for transportation on the most feas-
ible route. Who is to determine that? Certainly
he cannot make a contract for a feasible route
without knowing what the route is; and when he
knows what the route is, he must decide whether
it is feasible, or he will not perform his duty ac-
cording to the bill. That is the fair construction
of this bill. If it does not mean that, it moans
this: that the men who takojthis contract are to go
where they please with the road, and make the
line through the valuable lands as far as they
please, and take as much of them as they please.
I take it that no one can suppose that is really
meant, or that any man in his senses can expect
to vole for a bill like that. No, sir; the true con-
struction of it, the whole being together, is, that
the President shall make a oontiact on aioute
that he rcgaidsthe inu.st feasible; and those who
put in bids are to make their bids to carry into
cffect this provision of this bill.
Having said this much in relation to this part
of the bill, I wish to call attention to another point
connected with it, and that is, how much are we
to pay ? When we talk in this bill about various
routes, I presume we mean routes across the coun-
try from here to the Pacific. Now, what are we
to pay to those who may build the road when it
shall 'he constructed? The second section pro-
vides; that the contract shall contain a <e hmita-
11oii that the piice to be paid" for transpoi tation
%( shall not m any event, either of peace or of war,
exceed the sum which in time of peace has been
heretofoie paid for similar so i vice of equal amount
upon any existing route." That is to say, we
are to pay as much (for I take it they will never
bid for any less than we offer) as it has cost here-
tofore to carry provisions from here to Utah,and
from Utah to California. The bill declares that
it is not to exceed what we have hcretofoie paid
upon the existing routes; so that, after all, if we
get a load made which bhall Uansport anything
tor us, wo ate to pay as much as the transporta
tion costs now. I do not sec exactly how we are
to ^i1 > much by that, unless it is in speed. How-
ever, I do not wish to detain the Senate in rela-
tion to that point, but I come to the question,
where is this road to be?
Clear it ;s,"that this bill as it stands here now,
this bill as we now have it before us, intimates
that you may have this road in any part of the
country between the two oceans, between the
termini mentioned, north or south. But upon
what ground is it sustained ? We have had more
than one, two, or three speeches from the honor-
able Senators from Texas, for instance, directly
for the bill, and against confining it more than it
is. It has been argued before us by the hour,
with learning and ability, that they want this bill
passed, to make a road down on the thirty-second
parallel. They tell us that is the best place for it,
that that is the shortest, the cheapest, and the best
route. Then may we not suppose that this bill is
to effect that ? It is advocated for that purpose. I
think the ground taken by the honorable Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] the other day, has
much in it which we should call to rnind. As I
have already contended, this contract will be
made, at all, for some particular route, and it
ought to be; and the President cannot execute his
duties under the first section of the bill which di-
rects him to make a contract on the most feasible
route, unless he has a particular one selected.
Now, the question is where, under this bill,
will that be likely to be? I know this bill puts
it afloat, delivers it over to the chapter of acci-
dents. Nothing can be told by it, and I under-
stand it is considered the great excellence of the
bill that it is thus submitted to the chapter of ac-
cidents; because it is going to securc votes from
the very uncertainty which it contains, and we
are warned against giving certainty to it for fear
we shall lose votes. That is, we are told, in effect,
u if you will settle anything honestly, and tell
what you mean, you cannot get votes for it; it is
only by cheating people that you can get along
at all."
Well, sir, where will the road be likely to go
under this hill? Where do gentlemen expect it
will go ? Two years ago we passed an act pro-
viding for an overland maii from the'Mississippi
to San Francisco. It was granted under the
avowed purpose of feeling the way for settlements,
making it the road for emigrants, establishing and
promoting settlements all along the route, so far
'as it was capable of being done; and it was con-
sidered that the best way would be to leave it to
those who should bid for carrying the mail, to
select their own route. They were deeply inter-
ested in it, it was said, and would be likely to
seek and find out and pursue a route where some
sort of settlement could probably be obtained; but
what was done ? The great leading feature of that
measure was like this, but what came of it ? How
did it result? Was that line established on any
route that any bidder pointed out? No, sir; it
was established on a route on which, as the Post-
master General tells us in his report of last year,
there was no bid (or it, where nobody wanted it
to 2:0; but he fixed it there, and then the parties
said they would go there, inasmuch as he ordered
it. When that mail was once carried through,
there came forth what I suppose we have ail of
its read, the very elegant production of the hon-
orable Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin] eon*
giatulating the woild on the success of the gieat
enterprise. 1 supposed the enterprise was to be
one which was to promote the object professed
to be had in view at the time the act was passed;
namely, the settlement of the country. I hold in
my hand the report of the gentleman who came
over with that mail on its first trip, in which he
gives us the distances of the various positions
along the line, and the condition of the country,
mile by mile, over the route; and I wish to call
attention to it. He came from the Pacific this
way. We all know that the gieat deseit of this
country lies west of the Colorado. U lies in Cal-
ifornia, beginning at the head of the Gulf, and
spreading wider and wider as you go up the Col-
orado and its branches;and there is the very great-
est difficulty probably in getting across the desert
part of the country. As they come to that point,
and are approaching towards Fort Yuma on the
Colorado, from the west, I wish to call attention
for a few moments to his journal:
" Palm Spring*,9 miles; Can<-so Cieek,9; Indian Well?,
(without water,) 31 ; Alamo Mueho, (w itliout watwr,) 25 ;
Conk's YVfliSj (without watet,) 22; J'iJot Knob, 18; Fort
Yuma, 10."
Thus, before you get to the Colorado river,
there are spaces of fifteen, twenty, twenty-five,
and thirty miles at a stretch, without water. Now
we the Colorado, and, without going into
particulars, I will say we get to Tucson, which is
nearly half-way between the Colorado and the
Rio Grande. Let us follow the line for a moment
from Tucson:
Tucson to Seneca Springs, (without water,) 35; San
Pedro, (without writer,) 24; Diagnon Spuugs, (without
water,) 23; Apache Pass, (without water,) 40; Stein's
Peak, (without water.) 35 ; Soldier's Farewell, (without
water,) 42; Ojo de Vaea, 14; Micmhie'ts Riv^r, 16 ; Cook's
Springs, 18; Pecaeho, (without water.) 52 ; Foit Fillmore,
14; Cortonwoods, 55; Franklin, 22—Total, 360 miles.
Time, b2 hours."
Of these three hundred and sixty miles, there ,
are three hundred short of water, except at dis-
tances of thirty or forty miles from point to point.
Now, we pass over the Rio Grande, a$d get into
Texas, coming this way:
'•Franklin to Wnco Tanks,,?1'); Oanodru*, 3f>; Pinery,
(without watei.) 5S; Dolawaie Spangs 24 ; Camp,
40; Emigrant Uio^ms. 65; Ifurae Head Crooner, 55;
Head of Concho, ^ without watei.j 70; Gias>e Creek, 21;
Fort Chruibourno, 30—Total, 428 imlos. Tnno, 116 hoard
and 30 imnuto:*. "
For four hundred miles of (his distance there
is no water within thirty mites, from stretch to
stretch. This is the official return of Mr. Bailey.
How can a man stand and talk to me about hav-
ing established a mail route through such a region
which is to become an emigrant road, and to en-
courage the settlement of the country ? And yet,
with great caie, the Postmaster General reported,
a year ago, that, on a careful meteorological ob-
servation, it was actually found to be warmer
down on that route than any wher^north of it,
which he thinks quite sufficient to mduce its es-
tablishment there; and, after overriding all the
bids, he established this very route as the route
of emigration. With a bill which certainly can
carry this road there, and when influences did
carry the mail route there, who can doubt where
this railroad will go under the present bill? and
what is the puiposu, when speech after speech
is made; after all we have experienced under the
provisions of that act, in which we are told that
this is the very place for it to go?
I believe I am not over suspicious in my dis-
position; but, after what I have experienced un-
der the act for a mail route, and after what I have
heard said about this measure, and after I perceive
what the nature of this bill is, I can merely say
that I am utterly opposed to the passage of any
bill which will attempt to make a road m such a
place; and 1 will not vote for a bill under which
it can be. made in such a place. I am sensible
that the honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis] has submitted an amendment by which he
proposes to go from State to State; and he is in
favor of this very thirty-second parallel route.
What does that mean ? It is to make that route,
I suppose, from the end of the proposed Texas
road until you strike, if you please, the Gulf of
California, or the Colorado river that empties into
it. There you will strike the line of California,
and come to the great desert. Has anybody any
idea of going fuithei on that route p No serious
man ever thought of it. We are told, to be sure,
by the honorable Senator from Texas, that from
Fort Yuma to San Diego is about two hundred
miles; but every man knows that it is perfect
mountains of desolation; a mere bed of rocks.
Nobody ever thought of going there. No, sir;
the object is to make a road on the thirty-second
parallel,and to make if, if you please, to the Gulf
of California, or to Fort Yuma, on the Color-
ado, where you strike navigable water; and one
gentleman assures us that, really, that country is
connected now; that Guaymas,down there, is con-
nected with San Francisco by steam navigation.
So it is with China—that is, steamers can run
there; so they can to China; and I suppose it is
just as much connected with one as with the other.
It is strongly intimated that it is not going any
further, and tins bill is only wanted to get it there.
And why is it that all at once we find a recom-
mendation from the President to take possession of
Sonoraand Chihuahua? Because they run down
on the Gulf—He on the side of the Gulf of Cali-
fornia. It is that we may, as the papers state, get
a chance to make a road across the bridge of Mex-
ico, as it is called, between the two oceans, and
land lower down at Mazatlan. Why is it that
we find all at once one of our armed vessels—the
sloop-of-war St. Mary's—at Guaymas, very op-
portunely there, it is said, to protect surveyors?
What surveyors ? I suppose to protect the rail-
way, to get it ready by the time we take posses-
