1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
try; that under their influence and their exertions
the nation will be blessed, the people happy, and
the perpetuity of the Union secured to the latest
posterity. [Applause in the galleries.]
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 712) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, I860; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident had approved and signed, the 26th instant,
the following acts and resolution:
An act for the relief of William H. Russell;
An act for the relief of Mary Bainbridge;
An act for the relief of William F. Wagner;
An act to protect the land fund for school pur-
poses, in Sarpy county, Nebraska Territory;
An act to authorize settlers upon sixteenth and
thirty-sixth sections, who settled before the sur-
veys of the public lands, to preempt their settle-
mehtfe; and
A joint resolution for the relief of Michael Pap-
preniza.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone all
prior orders, and take up the bill making appro-
priations for the Post Office Department.
Mr. GWIN. I do not suppose that the Post
Office Committee are ready with their amend-
ments.
Mr. IiUNTER. I have seen the chairman, and
he is ready with his amendments.
Mr. GWIN. I did not know that.
Mr. GREEN. I am in hopes that we shall not
take up that appropriation bill. We have time
enough to pass it. 1 want one hour for the con-
sideration of territorial business. I shall only
ask one hour. The business of the Territories is
very pressing, and I therefoie appeal to the Sen-
ate to give me one hour for territorial business,
and if any subjects shall give rise to debate, I will
allow them to pass over. Territorial bills ought
to be acted on now, in order that they may reach
the House in time for the consideration of that
body.
Mr. HUNTER. I hone that we shall take up
the appropriation bills, llow are we to do the
business, unless we consider them at once 3 1
must press my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Virginia,to postpone all prior
orders, and proceed to the consideration of the
Post Office appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 872) making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office Depait-
roent, dining the fiscal year ending June 3l)th,
1860, which had been reported from the Commit-
tee on Finance with amendments.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was on page 3, section two, to strike out
the following proviso:
" Provided, That the sums heretofore appropriated for the
erection of the po*t office buildings, which shall lemani in
the Treasury unexpended at the close of the present fiscal
year, are hereby le.ipprupuatedto the objects to which they
are now applicable by law.1'
Mr. HUNTER. Here is a large amount of
appropriation which has been foimerly made for
these post office buildings, and it is provided in
the bill as it came from the House, that thoy shall
he reappropnated. In regard to those buildings,
the Committee on Finance thought that it ou^ht
not to be reappropnated, and that it was well
enough to stop it, and they have accordingly
moved to strike out that proviso. I believe the
rcappropnation of this money will lead to large
expenditures which are unnecessary, and I hope
that the Senate will concur with the committee in
that amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. What are the post offices?
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot name them. They
are the general post offices that have not yet been
commenced; but this we do know, that out of the
large cities we ought not to have buildings put up
at the expense of the United States.
Mr. BELL. I ask the Secretary to read that
amendment a^ain.
Mr. HUNTER. It provides " that the sums
heretofore appropriated for the erection of the
post office buildings which shall remain in the
Treasury unexpended at the close of the present
fiscal year, are hereby reappiopriated to the ob-
jects to which they are now applicable by law."
This amendment only provides that it shall not
be reappropriated. The object is to prevent the
money getting into the surplus fund. In regard
to those which are commenced, I suppose there
is no danger of the money going into tne surplus
fund. Those that are not commenced might, and
I think ought, to go there. At any rate, I wish
to take the sense of the Senate upon them.
Mr. BELL. I want to hear the amendment
read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. BELL. I think we should hear some bet-
ter reasons for striking out this provision than
have been stated by the honorable Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] You will remember,
sir, that a debate arose upon this subject at the
last session. It was then supposed that the omis-
sion to include in the estimates of the Treasury
the sum necessary to execute the law under which
these works were required to be constructed, was
justified by the exhausted condition of the Treas-
ury, which compelled a resort not only to the is-
sue of paper money in the shape of Treasury
notes, but also to a permanent loan of a large
amount. Then, it was contended that it was un-
reasonable to press the construction of works
which might be dispensed with for the present
without material injury to any public interest.
Well, sir, that reasoning was acquiesccd in by
gentlemen fi om those Statesand localities in which
public works of this description had been author-
ized; and they made no further efforts to secure
a provision for their immediate construction; but
insisted that the question should be understood
whether or not it was designed to defeat the ex-
ecution of the laws authorizing these works alto-
gether, by suffering former appropriations to go
to the surplus fund, as some of them would at the
close of the ensuing fiscal year. Those of us
whose constituents had an interest in the question
acquiesced in the expediency of delay, under the
existing embarrassments of the Treasury; but, at
the same time, it appeared to me and others that
the course puisued by the Secretary of the Treas-
uiy, if it should bccomo the practice of the Gov-
ernment, and if Congress sanctioned such an ex-
ercise of discretion as he assumed upon that
occasion, it would, in effect, be the recognition of
a dispensing power in the Executive Departments
of the Government.
When you come to look at the question, what
greater right had the Secretary of the Treasury
then, than at the present session, to say that it
was inexpedient to execute a subsisting law of
the country? We were told then, and there was
reason in the suggestion, that it was not expe-
dient to press the construction of those works
which had not already been commenced; but we
protested against the idea of allowing a dispens-
ing power to the Executive in any case whatever.
Congress alone was authorized to say what should
be done or what should be omitted.
Some of these public buildings were ordered to
be constructed in Tennessee, some in New York,
and in other States, according to the will of Con-
gress. Some gentlemen threw out the suggestion
that these public buildings were not necessary to
the public service, and that they ought never to
have been authorized by law; but, nevertheless,
the idea was disclaimed at that time, that there
was any intention to defeat, the execution of the
laws which provided for the construction of these
works, muck less to sanction the exercise of a
dispensing power in the head of a Department.
Now, however, it seems that the object at that
time, as one gentleman has since avowed, was to
let these appropriations lie over until they would
fall into tne surplus fund, and then to defeat the
execution of these laws, by refusing to inappro-
priate.
As to the expediency or the utility of these pub-
lic buildings, authorized at Nashville, Knoxviile,
and Memphis, in the State of Tennessee, and at
various points in other States, it is not my pur-
pose particularly to speak. That they would be
of some public utility, none will deny. That the
public interest imperatively demands that these
buildings should be erected, without further de-
lay, I will not maintain; for several decades yet-
to come, the public interest may not suffer great
detriment without them. But, still, there have,
been, for many years, receipts from customs
Nashville, and at other places where it is pro-
posed to erect these buildings; apartments- for.
holding the court# of the United States and offices
for the safe-keeping of the records have to be pro-
vided; post offices (some of them large distrib-
uting offices) are established in several cities and
towns where these buildings are required to be
constructed; and there is no pretense for the as-
sertion " that they are called for by no public in-
terest." •
I do not propose to take up the time of the Senate
by going into a discussion of the question whether
these public buildings ought, or ought not, to be
erected, at suitable points, in every State of the
Union. This Government is, by the Constitu-
tion, bound to perform various and most import-
ant functions, which require the use of buildings
in the States—court-houses, custom-houses, and
post offices, besides such public grounds and
buildings as belong to the military and naval es-
tablishments. How are these to be provided?
They can be hired or rented, it is true, as has been
the general practice; but, nevertheless, is it not
contemplated by the Constitution that the Federal
Government shall be independent, and shall carry
into execution all its powers, and perform all its
functions, through its own instrumentality, ex-
cept in cases otherwise specially provided for?
Gentlemen may say that the Federal Govern-
ment has no right to erect a building in any State
without the assent of the State. It has no right
to exercise exclusive jurisdiction over any grounds
or buildings without the assent of the State; but
I know of no limitation upon the power of the
Federal Government, to exercise the rights of an
owner or proprietor of any buildings within the.
States that may be found needful; and when the
Union shall be so far consolidated as to give
assurance of permanence; when the progress of
population and improvement in the States shall be.
such as to indicate the most eligible and conve-
nient localities for holding the Federal courts, there
would seem to be eminent fitness and propriety
in erecting suitable buildings for their accommo-
dation. For the same reasons, and founded on
the same policy, custom-houses should be erected
wherever the extent of the commerce of the place
shall make it expedient, and post office buildings
in every populous and flourishing town or city.
Until a comparatively recent period, it has been
the practice of the Government to hire houses for
the accommodation of its courts, and offices for
the custom and postal service, in the large as well
as in the smaller cities in the States. Of late, how-
ever, it has been found more convenient—in some
instances, perhaps, it was thought to be more
economical—for the Government to erect its own
buildings in many of the most commercial and
populous cities of the Union—some of them in
the eastern and western States, as well as upon the
Atlantic coast. Several of them are already com-
pleted; others are unfinished, but progressing to-
wards completion.
Now, sir, with what justice or propriety, or
upon what pretext, can gentlemen who do not
object to these buildings in the large cities on the
sea-board, and who have not interposed to pro-
hibit the erection of others in many of the cities
of the interior and West, demand that no further
appropriations shall be made for similar objects ?
1 believe that all the public buildings in the States,
for which appropriations were made by the last
Congress, were in accordance with the plan
adopted by Secretary Guthrie, who classified the
cities and towns deemed of such magnitude as
might justify appropriations for such objects.
Some of them belong to the second, and, perhaps,
others to the third class, as designated in the
plan of the Secretary. Some of those belonging
to the second and third classes have been com-
menced, and, it is conceded, must be finished;
while others in the same classes, which, from ac-
cidental causes, have not been commenced, though
equally meritorious, must be abandoned. Is this
just or reasonable ? Nashville, with a population
of thirty thousand inhabitants, cannot be consid-
