1859.
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
sion of that country, so that we can make it. I
do not say that there may not properly be at some
time railroad from the Gulf of Mexico to the
Gulf of California; but 1 simply say our purpose
now is to go to San Francisco, not to make that
other connection; and if that is not our purpose,
if really gentlemen do not entertain any such pur-
pose, then this bill is merely looking one way
and rowing another. It is intended under the
pretense of keeping our eye constantly on the
game, to lose sight of the direction ot the gun al-
together.
I have to be sure, understood, and do now un-
derstand that the great mass of the people in the
Atlantic part of the ¥nited States, and especially
the northern portion of them, have a desire for a
railroad connecting San Francisco with the At-
lantic region of the country. They expect it to
be built, desire it to be built; but if any man has
really supposed that that road, when built, could
sustain itself by its freight and passengers, he must
be more demented than any man 1 have ever heard
of, who undertook to talk about it. A road may
be made from a coal mine, or a stone or marble
quarry, to the place ofshipmcnt, and may sustain
itself; but no road was built for the carrying of
passengers and freight that ever was maintained
by the business between the termini. You cannot
build a road,two hundred miles long, and you
cannot find a road of two hundred miles in Amer-
ica, to-day, that can maintain itself by the mere
business between its termini. It is the way busi-
ness that sustains the roads. Here there is no
business afier you get some two hundred miles
from the borders of Missouri; and the idea that
we are to be deluded into a notion that a road can
be built to sustain itself, or that we can got capi-
talists to put money into that road with the hope
of getting the interest of it back again in the busi-
ness it shall perforin, is all childish and Chimeii-
cal.
But, I agree with the honorable Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] one the members of
this committee, in his speech. There is a great
object here; and when great objects are to be ef-
fected, important means must be used. The pro-
visions of this bill are lame and inefficient to the
purposes designed; and yet, after all, 1 say this:
gentlemen ha\e struck out this plan, and if they
will confine the road to a central route with a
fair latitude, such as is proposed by the present
amendment, I shall vote for the bill; not because
I believe it will build a railroad to San Francisco,
but because I believe it will begin it. Before a
road is ever made between these two great sec-
tions of the continent, this Government will have
to spend money; but out of pure respect and def-
erence to the opinion of those gentlemen who
have most examined the subject, and have pre-
sented this bill; and out of deference and respect
to the wishes of the people in that section of the
country to which I belong, I will say I will not
defeat it. If, however, you leave it to float as
broadly, and deliver it over to as many chapters
of accidents as it now contains in the shape it
now possesses, 1 cannot vote for it for any con-
Kideiation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
to the amendment of the Senator fiom Massachu-
setts.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me one moment. I
wish to add a single word to what I said before,
and it is in relation to the line on the thirty-fifth
parallel. That line may possibly, in my view,
be executed until you strike the Colorado. Be-
yond that, it is the same route as the one that goes
on the thirty-second; it lias the same deseit, and
has the fame impassable difficulties.
Mr. GIliiEN. I merely desire to correct the
Senator from Veimont. The route on the thirty-
fifth parallel to the Colorado has been fully ex-
plored, and found to be a good one. West of the
Colorado, it is not the same as the route of the
thirty-second parallel; it is three hundred miles
north of it. The one—the southern route—goes
to Fort Yuma; but the route on the thuty-lifth
parallel, after it crosses the Colorado, goes up to
the Mohave river. I suppose the Senator meant
to be understood as saying it was the same chai-
acter of country.
Mr. COLLAMER. The same character of
country, and it strikes into the same route as it
passes on.
MrJGREEN. <It never touches the same route
until it strikes the Tejon pass. There they meet,
and from that up is found to be -as good a country
as there is in any portion of California for the con-
struction of a railway. One word more. This
proposed amendment limits the selection to but
one single route, and.it is equivalent to saying it
shall be that alone—the route on the forty-second
parallel. As 1 remarked yesterday, it is exceed-
ingly uncertain whether that route be passable or
not, when you get as far west as the Sierra Ne-
vada. *
Mr. BRODERICK. Mr. President, it was my
intention to have remained in my seat and silently
to have listened to the discussion of this bill, and
I would not have taken the floor now, but for re--
marks made yesterday. 1 have been following
the lead of my colleague, willing and anxious to
vote for any proposition he might recommend to
the Senate, to secure the construction of a Pacific
railroad; but as I intend to vote for the amend-
ment which has been offered by the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] it would be as well, per-
haps, for me to explain the reason for that vote.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] stated
yesterday, that he considered that amendment as
fatal to the bill. I do not. I shall vote for it in
order to carry out the great purpose of the bill.
Sir, if this bill is not a cheat, the road under it
will never follow a southern route across the
thirty-second parallel of latitude. It will be seen
by an examination of the map, that after it reaches
the Pacific on the thirty-second parallel, it will
have to run up through the State of California to
the thirty-eighth parallel—that is, six degrees of
latitude northward; and from St. Louis, by that
route, the distance is very nearly three thousand j
miles. I would ask Senators, particularly those I
on this side of the Chamber, whether they intend ;
to vote for the construction of a railroad by the J
Federal Government, through the State of Call- j
forma, a distance of more than six hundred miles
to San Francisco, and to appropriate $12,500 a ,
mile for that purpose. 1 do not believe that such :
a proposition would receive a vote on this side, 1
even'from the Senators representing southern«
States, who are in favor of a Pacific lailroad, for
it is known that one half of them are opposed to
the construction of any railroad to the Pacific.
1 have sat here quietly, and heard deeenptions
given of two routes which have been much spoken
of; one that is to find its terminus at Guaymas on
the Pacific,and_the other, the northen route, which
is to find its terminus at Vancouver, or Seattle.
Of those two routes, I prefer the southern route
terminating at Guaymas rather than the northern
route to Vancouver, for the reason that by it, the
distance to San Francisco is practically much
less; and the voyage from G uaym&s to San Fran-
cisco can be made more easily than the voyage
from Vancouver to San Francisco. But, sir, I am
opposed to both those routes, and really in favor
| of building a railroad to California. If I favored
I a road to Mexico, I should select the route along
the thirty-second parallel of latitude; but as I am
| not in favor of a road to Mexico, but in favor of
- a road to California, i am for the middle route—
j the only practicable route to California, tor the
! purpose of informing the Senate as to the char-
! acter of the land on this route, between the Mis-
i soun river and the South PabS, I will read tvom
t a report made by Mr. Lander, a very sensible
' gentleman, now in the employ of the Government,
who explored the rout*, and who, I believe, lias j
the confidence of the Administration.
" An expeiicnce of ovei filteen year*. of the building
\voilease, weai. dcpieciation, and renew nl oi railways, lias i
remitted it evident to m< that no e-uinate ol fli'  co^t ot a
pcimancnt road over a route of'neaiiv two Jhnu-and miles
of Inoken surface can be deemed reliable. and that the de-
sideratum oi" overland communication by tail and fcteam .
power mii't take place by tho^e iiu'eular but pmcres^ive
steps bv winch the practical talent ot ihi- nation has .-o re- ,
pearedly solved the vaiious experiments and necesfcilics ot |
progress.
" The route to the South P«i«s by the main Platte valley
penults the adoption of modes of consu action which will ■
cover the liability ias-t leiened to, tor n can be developed
i by rai'ways without mateual leduetton of the natural sur- ,
; lace of the earth." !
| I desire especially to call the attention of the j
I Senate to what follows: !
; a.\ railroad -mted to military and mail transportation can I
1 reach the waters ol s^Qlt Lake ao.i the J^ait .Lake Citj in
' three years troin th'J time or its eoimmmconienr, if foi- ■
i wanted With the u-ual eneigv of American movement?, and -
! under a proper piogramme tor overcoming the ditiiculUea ;
t of construction. '
" From die mouUi of the JPIatte river to the base of tire
Black Hills, a distance of over five hundred miles, as before
desci ibed, the route of the South Pass is a flat plain of gravel
substrata, rising at an inclination of about eight feet per
mile, and without a break in surface towards the .moun-
tains. The lower end of the river valley is fairly wooded
witii the cotton-wood. Nearer the mountains, the foothills
are well timbered "With cedar, yellow pine, and fir. Excel-
lent building stone is abundant along the line, and large coal
fields occur at various adjacent points, and at the eastern
extremity. Upon this flat plain rails can be laid without
grading. The superstructure can progress at the rate of one
mile per day, or faster, if circumstances justify the addi-
tional expense. A light railroad, over which trams can pass
with facility, and even at high rates of speed, wouid thus
reach Fort Laramie in Jess than thrpe years, and become
the initiative or preliminary step toward the building of a
railroad of a more ponderous class, either for-the transpor-
tation of .Pacific commerce, or as adapted to the increased
business of the line when developed by settlements.
"By extending the cheapest practical means of moving
military supplies and troops to Fort Laramie, laying an iron
road which can be woiked by locomotives and supersede
wagons, without embracing the more elaborate triumphs of
steam power, and gaining many attendant advantages, we
also take the simplest and most effective step towards solv-
ing the experiment of an overland railroad to the Pacific.
There is no invidious selection of a route by Jegislatior>,be~
cause the only loute graded and ballasted by act of nature
is adopted. This route is of national position for military
defense in time of war; because, while providing means of
transportation to Utah, California, and Oregon, it is located
at a distance from the frontier, and cannot easily be assailed
by an enemy.
" No practical engineer or railroad superintendent would
advise the immediate furnishing of this road throughout its
length to Fort Laramie. It should be provided with turn-
outs and watering stations, but with no costly or ponderous
works to entail cost. Tite first one hundred miles nearest
Missouri river might easily be provided with a small equip-
ment for daily >crvicc. The foams could on occasion work
the whole length of the line. The line could be kept in
surface t hi oughout its le w t h without daily workage ol' loco-
motives ; for it would afibid like conveniences to those of
a canal m of navigable waters to Jocal emigration by being
provided with light freight cars, these cars to be diawn by
the animals of the population seeking location for settle-
ment along the line, i^or the low tolls charged for the use
of such cars, the company couid afford to keep thejine in
surface. Thus for mail and imhtaiy use, the route would
ahvnvs be ready for the passage of trains up the road. It
would be for the interest of the population to protect it,
without reference to the other modes of protection hitherto
stated. The danger of destruction of a imhtaiy railroad is
the very lea->t of the many aiguments made against it. Al-
though a permanent tailroad is a class of tine peculiarly
pregnable to the most insignificant means of attack, a com-
mon line of supeMruetuie, light rail, fiat chair, hook spike,
and plain crows-tie, extended over a flat gravel plain, is
readily renewed, and if the line of communication is
broken, can be relaid at a few hours' noucc."
Having traveled lately from San Francisco to
the Missouri river, I can give an equally favora-
ble account of the land lying near the forty-sec-
ond parallel of latitude upon the other side of the
South Pass, and from thej-e until it strikes the
eastern boundary of California. By tins route
from St. Joseph through Noble's Pass to Benicia,
which is thirty miles from San Francisco, the es-
timated distance is one thousand seven hundred
and twenty-five miles. It is thus divided: From
St. Joseph to Fort Kearny, two hundred and
twenty-live miles; from Fort Kearny to Fort
Bridger, five hundred and ninety miles; from Fort
Bridger to Benicia, nine hundred and ten miles;
making in ail one thousand seven hundred and
twenty-five miles. This is the direct route across
the continent from St. Joseph to Bemcia, in Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. President, I should like very much to see
a Pacific railroad bill passed at this session; and
if the amendment of the Senator from Iowa does
not prevail, I am willing to accept the, bill reported
by the committee as it stands; but I think,if we
are not to be cheated, we had better confine this
road between the thirty-seventh and forty-third
parallels. The South is not very anxious for a
railroad, even along the thirty-second parallel of
latitude; for New Oilcans is as near to San Fran-
cisco, bv the Tehuantepec route, as she would be
if such "a load were constructed from San i ran-
cisco to Port Yuma, and then around by the way
of St. Louis to New Orleans. And, sir, I think
that, within the next two or three years, the time
between New Orleans and San Francisco, by way
of the Tehuantepec route, will be brought within
ten or eleven days.
1 regret very much that I have felt constiamed
to say anything in regard to the bill. 1 expected
my colleague to have defended it, because he
made, or at least he read to the Senate some days
since, a very long, printed speech, occupying
nearly two hours; but since that time he has not
been as watchful as ho was before the reading of
his speech. I suppose he took it for^ranted that
liis speech convinced every Senator upon this
