THE CONGRESSIONAl GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,D. <3
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1859.
N^w 9Ti •
may be found in the public offices and in the various
employments, jobs, and contracts, at the disposal
of the President and heads of Departments. But
the thpusandsof offices and employments, of vari-
ous grades and descriptions, under the control of
the President, fall far short of the army of expect-
ants and resolute claimants of what they consider
a just remuneration for their services; and it is held
just and fair that the first recipients of Executive
favor shall, after a reasonable term of enjoyment,
give place to others having equal pretensions with
themselves to participate in the public spoils.
Sir, whatare the further results of this prac-
tice ? The most certain and.inevitable effect of it
is the constantly increasing tendency to the mul-
tiplication of offices and employments not needed
for the pubjic service. When a new Administra-
tion has made its apportionment among its parti-
san supporters and followers of the thousands of
offices and employments in'the Post Office De-
partment, in theL^qd Office service, in the Indian
service, and in the revenue and customs service,
thousands of good.and true party veterans are
still unprovided for, many of whom cannot af-
ford to wait the slow operation of the rotation
principle for their reward. What then is to be
done? New offices and employments must be
created,wherever a plausible showing of utility
can be made. And when this source of supply is
exhausted; when you have got Congress to create
as many new offices as they shall deem discreet;
when the Postmaster General has carried his dis-
cretionary power of appointment to an extent
which he may not dare to exceed; when in like
manner the Secretary of the Treasury has exer-
cise^ his discretion in the multiplication of em-
ployes to the utmost verge of safety; and there
still remain hundreds, not to say thousands, of
unrewarded partisans, who will take no denial-^-
what i$ the next resource? To give out jobs to
the most importunate and influential among them;
give them large and liberal contracts for supplies
of various kinds to the various branches of the
public gervice, allowing a large margin for profit,
sometimes with an understanding that the profits
shall be shared with others whose names are un-
known in the,contract. It is not uncommon to
hear it said, now-a-days, that such and such a
BHaa has made his fortune out of a single Govern-
ment contract.
Then again, if it was a subject that was pleas-
ant to the ears of the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter,] I should like to call hjs
attention to some facts in the progress of extrav-
agance in the public expenditures, which he now
so earnestly deplores, i do not know how far
th&honorable Senator is implicated in them; but
I know that I have not found hina a stern oppo-
nent of the policy of converting every branch of
the public service into sources of available pat-
ronage in rewarding partisan followers. He has
not opposed, if he has not supported, the exten-
sion of the patronage of the Government, by hand-
ing over to civil employes every branch of the
military or naval service of the country, that
does not necessarily require the supervision of
military or naval officers. The transfer at the
armories at Springfield and Harper's Ferry, that
took place a few years ago, may be taken as an
example of the general tendency to the multipli-
cation of unnecessary officers and employes. Al-
though these establishments were not said to be
improperly conducted-, although no abuse was
alleged; no neglect of duty; no waste of the pub-
lic money; yet, being under the control of engi-
neers who were officers of the Army, they brought
no strength to the party in power; the patronage
which attached,to the superinlendency could not
be made subservient to political purposes, and
Congress handed them over to civil appointees of
the President.
Now turn to your navy-yards. I said before,
that 1 had come to the conclusion, from some
slight investigation, that from a million to a mil-
lion and a half dollars could be annually saved iu
the naval service, but for this eating canker in our
system. I believe I would be justified m saying,
91
that $2,000,000 could be'retrenched iii that branch
of the service, under a proper administration of
it. How can this be true? Your naval officers
are governed by regulations so precise, and sub-
ject to such responsibilities, that they can adpiit
of no abuse, no misapplication, no profligate ex-
penditure, of the moneys assigned to the .objects
of their superintendence. They can give "no
countenance to those parties which, in effect, con-
vert the navy-yar.ds into political nurseries, as
civil employes can. So gross have become the
aduses and indulgences in these establishments,
under the direction of the civil appointees of the
Government, that the work done upon the public
vessels costs more than fifty per eentM upon an
average, than similar work would cost under the
superintendence of private ship-builders.
I allude to these things at present pierely to
suggest to the honorable Senator from Virginia,
and those who think with him, that we ought to
cutoff these appropriations for the building of
custom-houses, court-houses, and post offices;
that they have before them a wider field for re-
trenchment, and that they can make still greater
reductions than these,if they have but the bold-
ness to undertake the work.. 1 wish to point thenii
to a path in which they can save the country from
the wasteful and prodigal expenditure of millions,
instead of the thousands which they now propose
to withhold from the objects for which they wer.fi
once appropriated.
Sir, I do not mean to go further into this sub-
ject; but it seems to me, as I have' before stated,
that the evils alleged in General Jackson's in-
augural address, exist now in a ten-fold greater
degree than they did at that time, if indeed, there
were any evils of the kind then; but if they did,
I want to know what cause, which disturbed the
rightful course of appointments then, and placed
or continued power in unfaithful and incompetent
hands, has been counteracted ? I want to know
what single abuse, which had brought the pat-
ronage of the'Federal Government into conflict
with the freedom of election, has been corrected?
General Jackson, a't that period, thought that the
true and only effective remedy for such evils was
to remove all the public officers except such as'had
supported his election,'and to Jill the vacancies with
his own friends. 'I will not say whether such
a course, at this day, would remedy the abuses
which now prevail, or not; but 1 fear that the
time has gone by when any radical change can be
effected in the maxims and principles upon which
the patronage of the Government is now admin-
istered. I believe, sir, we have passed the time
when it is possible to effect so'great a reforma-
tion; but there is hope,'though all cannot be ac-
complished that may be necessary to the restora-
tion'of the Government toils original purity, yet
that something may be done to arrest the fur-
ther progress of abuses and corruptions, which
threaten to destroy all confidence in the ulfimate
success 6f our free system of government.
Mr." STIJART. 1 do not rise for the' purpose
of going into the questions that have been made
by the honorable Senator from Tennessee; but,
in passing, 1 will only remark that, if there is
anything settled in regard to the political affairs
of this country, it is the right of the President to
make removals, and the whole question is re-
ferred to his views of expediency.
Mr. BELL. Will the honorable Senator allow
me a moment ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. BELL. I did not pretend to gainsay that
that question was settled. I did not deny that. I
said, on the contrary, that the doctrine was too
well established, and that the practice under it was
too wel 1 established;thatevery Administration felt
bound by it, and that no roan could expect re-
form in that particular, because no one could ever
rise to power if he disavowed the principle; and
it is doubtful whether the administration of any
President eould be sustained in Congress, or in
the country, if he disavowed the doctrine.
Mr. STUART. Friend or foe, m a political
sense, it makes no difference; the question hi Set-
tled in the policy of thiacountry.' But, sir,T rose
for the purpose of speaking.more practieallyto the
question before the Senate. It is proposed by* the
Committee on Finance to strike out the proviso
to the second section of the bill, because they
say that the striking of it out wt!l affect only
those appropriations the expenditure ofwhich haa
not been commenced, and will not affect appropri-
ations that are in process of expenditure. That is
a subject,'in respect to which, however well the
committee may be advised* the Senate cannot be
advised upon the reading of this provision. "The
literal readiag &f it would cut off every one otf
these appropriations not expended at the end of
two,years.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say. the finance
Committee were advised that it would operate on
none other. In conversation, I suggested that, in
my opinion, it was probable that would, be the
effect.
Mr. STUART. I propose io amend the pro-
viso so as to make it paean that exactly. . I kav 
no objection, where an appropriation was made
two years ago, and the expenditure of jt Jias not
been commenced, to allow the generai provision
of law to act upon it and let It lapse to tire
Treasury; but where the appropriation is in pro-
cess of expenditure, I think-it would be very
wrong to do t%t; and thereforal propose, instead
of striking out the proviso, to add to it these
words:
■" In all esses where the expenditure of. snch .appropria-
tions has been commenced.-*'
Tflfen the whole proviso wiH- read thus:
Provided, That the sisms heretofore appropriated forth®
erection of the post office buildings which shall remain in
the Treasury unexpended at the close of the present fiscal
year, are heieby reappropriaied to tlteobje^ts to which jihey
arc now applicable by law, in ail cases where .the expend-
iture of sue.li appropriations has been commenced:
That will leave the expenditure to be proceeded
with to the amount of the money already appro-
priated , and will leave to the discretion of the De-
partment which has superintendence' of the ex-
penditure what it now possesses; But .to strike
out the proviso, and let ail the money that lias
been appropriated for post office ejections,any-
where in all the States lapse into the freasury, at
the end of two years, would do manifest injustice.
Many cases, and I do not knowbutin most cases,
the .appropriation for a post office building has
been in connection with other purposes—for a
custom-house, court-house, and post office, and,
in some instances, for a court-house and post of-
fice. The buildings are in process of erection.
In many cases, only the lot has been* purchased.
The Department is prepared to go on with the
amqunt of money appropriated. If the proviso is
stricken out, and there be no other provision of
law to gave these appropriations, every one of
them will soon lapse into the Treasury. I should
be willing, as at present advised, to agree that,
where for public reasons there had been no com-
mencement at all within two years of an expend-
iture for this purpose, that appropriation fiiignt
lapse, and the question of the propriety of the
building itself again be brought to'the attention
and submitted to the discretion of'Congress;" but
not so where the Secretary lias commenced the
expenditure of the appropriation; and by adding
my amendment, that will be the precise limitation
of the reappropriation. It cannot be carried to
any case where the Secretary has not commenced
the expenditure of the appropriation.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Michigan,
who is generally exceedingly clear in his percep-
tions, I think,'is under some little misapprehen-
sion in regard to the state of fhese appropriations.
Suppose anysuch proviso had been inserted: how
would these appropriations stand ? The appro-
priations—both those the expenditure of which
had not been commenced, and those which had
been commenced—would have taken the usual
course of the law". What is the usual course of
the law? 'That at the end of two years they pass
to the surplus fund. Now, all We propose by
striking out this proviso, is to leave these appro-
