1442
TBE CON<&ItESSmNAL GLOB£.
February 28,
priatiQBS, ,T*{h§re theVex'isjing law would leave
til em; but here is a proposition from the House
of Representatives to intervene &nd say that theie
appropriations shall have two years longer to en*
dure before they shall be carried to the surplus
£iind. WJjaf nefuliar meritjs there in these ap-
PFOpriaiionsrtnat we should give them two years
longer, beftrfe" they revert to the surplus fund,
th'atr we give to'any other appropriations ? I be-
lieve, however, in point of fact, it will be found
that, in all cases where the buildings have been
commenced, the Department has expended very
nearly the amountappropriated;and, if the Senator
■will turn to the report of the Secretary of theTreas-
ury in regard to the public'buildings, he will find
that to be so, I think. But, whether that be so
or not, the whole effect of striking out this pro-
viso is to leave them where the general law leaves
them; that is to say, they will not revert until
they are two years old; and, if they will not revert
until they are two years old, why should we in-
tervene by.positive legislation to say they Shall
have two years more before they shall revert,
thus giving to them a longer life than we give to
any other class of 'appropriations' I think it
■would be better to strike it out. With the Sen-
ator's amendment, it would certainly be better
than as it came to us; but it seems to me that
■what is politic and expedient is, not to interfere
■with the matter, but to strike out the proviso, and
leave these appropriations where the law leaves
them.
Mr. IvING. I should think there were other
reasons than those that have been suggested,
•which ought to be taken into consideration in act-
ing on this matter. I shall vote sustain this
proviso; not that I think, under ordinary circum-
stances, in the present condition of the Treasury,
any such proviso as that introduced into this bill
by the House of Representatives, would be re-
quired, or would be proper; but it is my jud^tnent
that when Congress passes a law like that which
made appropriations for these buildings, in which
not only"is money appropriated, but the Secre-
tary is posiiively directed to purchase a site and
go oil with the building, it ought not to be left to
the discretion of the head of a Department to say
•whether he will go on with the work or not; but
he ought to obey the law. At the last session of
Congress, it was understood, in various ways, that
the Secretary of the Treasury regarded the con-
dition of the Treasury ns such, that he was dis-
posed, wherever he could dispense with an ex-
penditure, by postponing it, to do so, and that he
desired to hold these appropriations in abeyance,
regarding himself bound, however, to commence
the work within the time which Is fixed by the
statute, so that by no act of his should the appro-
priation fail. That I understood to be the determ-
ination then.
Now, the provision which the Senator from
Michigan interposes is one which I desire to
discusj the meaning of. According to my under-
standing, it would save the appropriation for a lo-
cality in which I am interested; because there a
part of the appropiiation has been expended for
the purchase of asite; but 1 do not, for that reason,
think that 1 should assent to such an amendment,
if it would leave this whole matter open to the
discretion of the Secretary, which I think is the
very worst form in which our Government can
be administered. When laws are passed, they
should be equally binding on the President and
his Cabinet as on the humblest citizen of the coun-
try, and tliey should be executed. I understand
it to be the judgment of the Secretary of the
Treasury that he has no discretion to select one
building, to commence its construction, and omit
another, so that by lapse of time the law is abso-
lutely repealed. It would, in fact, be giving to
the Secretary of the Treasury the veto power. If,
by omitting to execute the law at the termination
of two-or throe years, the money lapses, it is a
total defeat of the act of Congress. I do not under-
stand that any such right is claimed by the Sec-
retary.
Now, sir, there is a reason for this proviso,
which results from the very condition of our
finances' ltjias been introduced by the House of
Representatives, I presume, on consideration,and
probably for that reason. In the present condi-
tion, of the Treasury, it simply enlarges the dis-
cretion as to the time of commencement by the
Secretary of the Treasury from the two years
limited'by the first act to four years; and I think
myself it is a very reasonable provision. I think
I shall vote for the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Michigan, but shall vote against
striking out the proviso, even if it be so amended.
I think it unjust to strikeit out. I shall vote to
let all these appropriations stand upon a fair and
equal footing. I have 110 disposition to press them
at inconvenient periods; but I think the law ought
to be fulfilled, and I think this proviso is a' rea-
sonable one, extending the discretion of the Sec-
retary to a period within •which our financial con-
dition may enable us to proceed with these works.
I believe that within that time the Treasury will
have the means to go on with these buildings
without any inconvenience to the public service;
and I shall vote against striking out the proviso.
Mr. PUGH. I will say to the Senator frojn
Michigan that the expenditure of these appropri-
ations has been commenced in every case but one,
and that is the case of the post office building in
Cairo, and that is the most meritorious of the-
whole of them.
Mr. KING. Have the buildings been com-
menced, or the sites purchased ?
Mr. PUGH. The buildings have not been
commenced; but the expenditure of the money
has been commenced by the purchase of sites, or
otherwise. I have before me the finance report',
showing that, with the exception of the building
at Cairo, Illinois, part of the money has been
spent in every case, so that the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan amounts to nothing.
Mr. B1GLER. I must vote to strike out this
proviso, because of the state of the appropriation
at Philadelphia. There the lots have been pur-
chased, and arrangements made to progress with
the building; but, as 1 understand the case, be-
fore it will be practicable to expend the money to
construct the buildings, the remainder of the ap-
propriation will go into the surplus fund. There
is not now sufficient time, from the date of the
original appropriation to the period when it must
go to the surplus fund, to complete the building;
and in the midst of the progress of the work, as
I understand the law, the balance of the appro-
priation will go into the surplus fund, and there
will be 110 remedy except by a new appropriation.
If the amendment of the Senator from Michigan
will meet that case, I shall vote for it.
Mr. KING. If, as the Senator from Ohio
states, there is but a single case, that of Cairo,
concerning which I know but little, I hope the
Senator from Michigan will withdraw his amend-
ment. It is unnecessary to make a single excep-
tion.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from Ohio has
examined the reports, as he says, and finds that
my amendment would only affect a single case, or
a case or two, I will not press it.
Mr. PUGH. So far as it appears from the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, there is
only one case which it would cover.
Mr, STUART. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. TRUMGULL. I wish to make a short
statement of the condition of these appropriations.
I shall vote against striking out this proviso, not
because I think the buildings should be con-
structed at this time, nor that 1 would vote to con-
struct them now, but because I am unwilling to
give my sanction to any such assumption of
power as has been made 011 the part of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. He claims, by our si-
lence, that we have indorsed his assumption of
power. I have before me his last annual report,
made December 6, 1858, in which he says:
No new buildings have been begun since the adjourn-
ment of Congress. In my last report [that was in Decem-
ber, 1857] I culled the attention ot Congress to the fact that,
owing to the condition of the Treasury, tile Department had
postponed the Imikhng of a portion of the public works au-
thorized by previous acts of Congress. To have commenced
i them, at that time, or at any period since, would have re-
! quired the borrowing of the means to construct them. The
j silence of Congress on the subject indicated their approval
I of the policy."
! He says the silenee of Congress; at its last ses-
I sion, indicated us approval of the policy of the
i head of the Treasury Department in refusing to
i carry outtlieactof Congress in regard to theerec-
I tion of a portion of these public buildings. I want
[ to know where the Secretary of theTreasury got
! a dispensing power; where he got a power to dis-
I criminate what buildings he would construct, and
■ what ones he would not? By what authority is
it that he Commences one building, and refuses to
commence another authorized by law; and then
claims that Congress has sanctioned this discrim-
ination on his part- because of its silenc^? And
he places this upon the ground of the want of
funds. Now, sir, I say that, by his own report,
that is not true; it is an afterthought. The offi-
cial records show the state of facts to be this; the
acts providing for the construction of these pub-
lic buildings were passed, not at the last session
of Congress, but two years ago, when the'Treas-
ury was full of money. This proviso is not in-
tended to apply to any law passed at the last
session for the construction of public buildings,
but the law passed two yea'rs ago. How wero we
off for funds then? On the 30th day of June,
1857—months after the law had been passed re-
quiring the construction of these buildings—there
were 817,000,000 of money in our public Treas-
ury—so much money that the Secretary of the
Treasury did not know what to do with it; and
as late as the fall of the year, I think, down to
October, 1857, the Secretary of the Treasury, in
order to get rid of the surplus funds which he had,
went into the market and paid as high as fifteen
per cent, premium to buy up the bonds of the
Government not yet' due. With what face, then,
can he come before Congress and say he sus-
pended carrying out that act of Congress for the
wantof funds, when he had $17,000,000 of money
months after Congress had directed him to use it
for the construction of these buildings; and when
long after that he was in the market buying in the
indebtedness of the Government, before it was
due, at the most extravagant premium ?
Let us place this conduct upon its true ground,
which is simply that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has taken it upon himself to construct just
such buildings as*he thought proper to construct,
without carrying out all the laws of Congress;
and now a motion is made here to go on and com-
plete such buildings as have been commenced.
Is a building which has been commenced through
the favoritism of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to be constructed, and those he has neglected to
commence to be abandoned ? The question is 1101
now about the propriety of constructing these
buildings; that is not for the Secretary of the
Treasury to determine. When Congress passes
a law directing a work to be done, he has no dis-
cretion about it; he must carry out the law. I
readily admit that, if he is directed to construct
a building and has no money with which to do
it, of course he cannot do it; but is that the fact
here ? It may be the fact now that the money in
the Treasury is not sufficient to justify it, although
there may be millions of money in the Treasury
at this time; and I believe the Government has
not, at any time since these acts were passed,
failed to meet its obligations; but it is not true
that there was not a large amount of money in
the Treasury for a year after the acts passed re-
quiring the Secretary of the Treasury to construct
the buildings. I say now, it is a false excuse to
set up that the reason was because there was no
money; for the appropriation was made at a time
when there was plenty of money.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have but a word to say on
this matter. The debate last year explained the
whole transaction. These gentlemen do not seem
to carc anything about the facts of the case. They
restate identically the objections which have been
answered fully and completely in the debate, and
they suppose that the country has forgotten the
facts in twelve months. These appropriations
were for the fiscal year 1857-58. They could
not be expended by law without buying sites and
getting the jurisdiction released by the States, and
in many cases getting the title examined into;
ninety days after the fiscal year commenced in
which the money was to be expended, and when
the requirements of the law had been fulfilled as
to but very few of these appropriations, the con-
vulsion came on, the money in the Treasury ran
short. A part of the appropriations, out of which
these custom-houses wero to be built, was the
i revenue of that fiscal year. It is true, there was
an unexpended balance of $17,000,000 in the
Treasury at the commencement of that fiscal year.
That, together with our receipts for the year, was
the fund out of which all the appropriations were
to be paid. During that year, those revenues fell
$05,000,000 short. Then the Secretary of the
Treasury did not have money enough for all the
