1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
set
worthless, and I am opposed to printing any more
of them. "While the gentleman has stated his
case—and I presume that it is his intention to
move that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table—yet, sir, he does not tell us any par-
ticulars which justify us in ordering the printing
of this report of a geological survey. He tells us
that the Secretary of War and the Commissioner
of the General Land Office recommend its publi-
cation. He tells us that the survey has cost over
forty thousand dollars, and that the printing of
fifteen hundred copies would cost $7,140. He tells
us all this, and yet, sir, he does not tell us that
the work contains one particle of information val-
uable to the country; that there is in it anything
valuable either to the Territories of Washington
and Oregon, or to the people of the remaining por-
tions of the Union. I am opposed, on principle,
to the publication of books by the Government.
We publish fifteen hundred copies now, and it will
not be long before we are asked to print extra
copies. Tins has been the history of all such
workswhichliave heretofore been published. The
usual number, when printed, has been invariably
followed by orders to print extra copies. Why
should we publish a single copy of this document?
Where will this information go? Who will read it?
How many will consultand exammeit5 his true
that it maybe said that $7,000 isasmall sum; but
the reasons which have been stated for the pub-
lication of this work are not such as commend
themselves to my approval.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, I did not yield for a
speech, but for a question. The gentleman from
Kentucky inquires whether this document con-
tains anj' valuable information ? I answer that it
does; and mfoimation, sir, that, until the making
of this report, was never brought to the attention
of the country. Let mo, in this connection, ask
the Clerk to read an extract from the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. It will,
I think, satisfy the scruples of the gentleman from
Kentucky.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The lepoit of I)r Evans disclose:? the ie«mUs of Iih le-
eonnoi^pance and explorations, dining turn >car^ and a half,
highly lavouiblo. Ku-li enal Held-, of semi-intuminon^ coal
have b'jen found in vanou-- places on Pngct Sound, at Coo.-e
bay, and oihei navigable wuteis, and in oUut inland places,
of an inexhaustible <j\tent; he ha- also diseovciod,on ;i large
tnbutaiy ot the Columbia nvei, mountains of limestone,
maible, cxp-mn. &c
" The scivices rendered M the urologist to the oountiv,
in the exploiatton ol va*t ranges ot Orison and Washing-
ton Territories and come of their localities hitherto unvw-
ited by scientific exploieis. have been highly commended
«by lepeated Iffislaiive ievolutions m Oiofjon and Washing-
ton Weiutories, and great I v appi eciated In persons engaged
jn comtneieial, agi leitituial, and mining pin^uit^, who have
urged the impoitance ot ecological exploiations by Dr.
Evans; and, con-uienng his labors eminently ireful m a
scientific point of view, as well of subserving the inter-
ests of the Pacific khore, by indicating the localities ot the
country possessing mincnil and agiienltui.il wealth to our
rnterpri&ing citizens, who^e commendation^ oi ih. EvansS
exploiattons-, m the opinion of this oliice, 'ue worthy ol the
approbation and io-tering care ot thi< Government.
" Tne upshot of the matter k-< bmiiythis- citbei wliaf
has been done in the way of exploiatton and (iovclopment
of coal deposits under appiopuatioih* by Congie-s i- to go
for nothing and icmam useless, or be hiought to light ju
pioper form, as piopo#.ed by fm ther appropriations, to cjo-e
the business and make the results available.
" The effect of the latter nieasuie will be to open up new
sources of trade to active industry in the e.\ti action and die
of eoal on the Pacific ; thoieby lurm-hing tl'.e inateiial lor
piopulston, essential in our lapidly i^owin'i stea.n coai-
mciee on the Pacific, at cheap iaies; mste.ni of iho enorm-
ous cost of the nuiele imported from the ea-t
Even m this tespect the measure Will contribute emi-
nently to the advantage of that distant pottnm of our tun-
foiy, whn&t it wiii buhseive the m tercets of the whole coun-
trj."
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The Secretary of the
Interior, in a letter of the 30th ultimo, writes thus:
l have formed the opinion that the publication of the
report would t'Mid to develop the agricultural and nmieial
lcources of the Teiritones bouleimg on the Paciilc."
The Secretary of War writes in this wise:
WmiDfpartmknt, _
wa?iiin(.tu.n, j'iinuny lcos.
Sir: In leplyfo youi icque^tfor myvi<n\> respecting
the publication of the repoit of Dr. John Lvae-s, J have to
sttoe that the examination of Dr. E\ atise.\ tended o\ci hues
twenty lour thousand mile-in length, einbuicnigthe regions
tiaveised by the loutc explored lor «l Pacific railroad near
the paialiel ot AT north latitude : that collections have been
made along all the lines passed over ot the prevailing rocks,
mmeials,and soils,wluch, m connection with other mtoima-
tron gathered, exhibit the eharactei and capabilities ot tne
regions explored, their fitne^ for occupation and settle-
ment, ihe lacihues they alibi d for the eonstiuction ot rail
and common toads; all of which I regard of veiy great value,
not only in connection with the pioject of constructing a
railroad to the Pacific, but with the military operations of
the country.
The itineraries and topographical sketches of Dr. Evans
likewise give useful information. For these reasons, I es 
teem the publication of this repott to be important.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN J3. FLOYD.
Secretary of fFar.
IIon. John G. Davis, House of Representatives.
Mr. RUFFIN. I wish to ask the gentleman
what is the estimated cost of the publication ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. For printing the usual
number of copies, fifteen hundred, the estimated
cost is $7,140. That is the motion we are now
considering.
Mr. RUFFIN. I ask the gentleman whether
it was not stated last session that the cost would
be $26,000?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That was for print- i
ins; five thousand copies. It is a matter for the !
future consideration of the House, whether extra !
copies will be ordered. |
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am not much in favor of i
having books printed by order of Congress, as j
you will bear me witness; but I think that this is !
an exception to the rule. I have examined the, j
matter carefully, at the last session of Congress '
and at the present session. Having said this j
much, 1 move  j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before the gen- !
tleman makes his motion, I desire to ask him 1
one question. I understood him to say that the ;
making of this survey and report has cost the .
Government ^44,000,and that the repoitcontains :
very valuable information. Will the gentleman ,
who made this survey and report take the copy- 1
' right, if we give it to him; or will any publisher 1
in the world print it? If so, it can be hud, so far :
as 1 am concerned, with great pleasure. ,
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I have not presented
that question to Dr. Evans, and I do not intend .
to do so. It is none of my business. My busi- j
ness is to present this case, as a member of the i
Committee on Public Lands. I have done so, 1
and now, m conclusion  j
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to know from the :
gentleman whether the work is finished, because
i I understood from Dr. Evans, at last,session, that I
he had stopped the work m consequence of the i
printing not having been ordered by Congress, j
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The work is finished. 1
It is contained in one volume. I
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like to I
know the size of the work. Of how many pages !
is this volume to consist} j
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I have the informa- ;
tion here, but I cannot put my hand upon it. I j
understand tiiat the volume is to he about the size i
of Dr. Owens's geological repoit. j
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 will answer the question j
of the gentleman from Virginia, if he will permit j
me.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I shall be glad to ;
hear the gfntif'ttian. j
Mr. JNICMOLS. Tin* book makes four hun- !
dred and fifty pages of letter prrs>, twenty-five of ;
engravings, aud two maps. That is the extent j
of the woik
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. WW1, is it finished r
Mr. NICHOLS. It is finished, and is now in ;
tlio office of (he Superintendent of Public Punt- !
nig.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understood the gen- j
tleman from Indiana to state that he did not ,
know whether the work was finished. I desire :
the gentleman from Ohio to state whether it is or j
not, |
Mr. DAVIS, nf Indiana. I stated emphatic- i
ally that the woik is complete. It is now before .
the Committee on Public Lands. '
Mr. RUFFIN. As I opposed this matter m '
committee, I want to s'ate in the House my rea- ■
sons for doing so. I hope the gentleman from ,
Indiana will not moke his motion without giving
others a chance to be heard. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I should be very ;
glad to accommodate the gentleman, but I see j
that the mutter is ^oing to ope-n up a discussion
that will consume the whole day. J
Mr. RUFFJN. I promise to detain the House !
but a few minutes. 1 think that, as a matter of 1
courtesy, I ou^ht lo be heard.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understood the gentleman j
to state, a short time that the expense otXhe |
printing would be $7,KU, and no rnoit. I would i
like to ask the gentleman from Ohio what was
the cost, per volume^ of printing the Pacific rail-
road reports?
Mr. NICHOLS. They averaged nearly one
hundred thousand dollars per volume, counting
the extra and regular numbers.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. On that I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Andrews,
and Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
ayes thirty-seven; more than one fifth of the mem-
bers present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. For the purpose
of having a test vote on this question, wiH the
gentleman from Indiana withdraw his motion to
lay on the tabic, and let the vote be taken on the
motion to reconsider? That will save time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, declined to withdraw
his motion.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 87; as follows:
YHAS—Messrs. Adram. Ah), Andrews,--Arnold, Bennett,
Bilhnghm?t, Bingham, Blair, Bti<«, Biaytort, Burhnsrame,
CfW, C.ivAtmuirh, Chaffee, ltera Clark, Horace F. Clark,
John B Ciaik, Coffaw Cousins, Oonnns, Covode, James
Ciat^e. ('tuns, Davi> of Indiana, Dawc*, Dewart, Dnnmiek, >
Podd, Dtoloe, Kn^lisli, Eu>tis, Fairisworth, Femon, Gid-
dinu>, Gilh->, Goodwin, Giang<?r, Gtegg, Lawrence W.
Hall, ll.ulan, lla-kin. Hatch, floatd, Horton, Howard,
Hughes. Iluyler, Kent). Kelft y, Ivnapp. .Jacob M. lumKet,
JiCavh, Letdy, ijom'joj. m.utoon, Ma>nard, Montgomery,
Morgan, Mot nil, K.iwaid Joy Morris, Freeman II. Morse,
Mui tay, Ntehol-., OJtn. Palmet, Parker, Pike, Pottei, Pottle,
Pu'viance, Reilly, Kicaud, Rifcluc, UoMnns, Roberts,
K<>3<'e, Scott, rica<inj;, Jnd -on VV. Sherman, Samuel A.
Smith, Spitmor, Stanton, Jame-* A Stevvai t, WiJIiatu Stew-
art, Tappan, Tliomp^on, Underwood, Wade, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwaiadcr C Washburn, lilhim J3. Wa&libumc*
Is r,H'l Washbtun, and Woodson—U4.
NAVS—Messrs. Ander>on, Atiiui«, Bark^dale, Bishop,
Bocock, Rotihtnn, Bowie, Boycc, Branch, Butflnton, Bur-
nett. C'?uut!u-i>, Cackle, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cock-
crill, Cox. Ciawfoid, Cuiry, Davis of Mississippi, Dean,
Dowdel), lillinu, Foley, Ko.-tei, Garnett, Gartreli, Gilmer,
Greenwood, Groefrbeok, Kobeit B. H.ill, IIaui>, llawkin^,
llH'km:m, liopkins, Houston, Jenkins, Jexvett, George W.
Jones, Owen Jones. Kent, KilgOre, John O. Kunkel, Landy,
J^awrence, Letter,MeUueen, Iltimphiey Marshall, Samuel
r*. M.ushnlt, Mih^, Miller, Mill-on, Moore, Isaac N. Mor-
ris, iVihlafk, Pendleton. John S. i'liulps, Powell, Rejidv,
Keagan, Ritttui, rtatulufjie, Ravage, Henry M. Shaw, John
Siu'iman, Mioiter. Robert fcjmnli,' William Bnnth. Stall-
wo'ih, Stophru-, tfteven-on, Tlno'ei, Tompkins, Trippe,
VaUaridicham. Vance, Wd'ktn^, White, Wilson, Winslow,
Wood, Woitendyke, Auguatua R. Wugnt, and ZolUcoffer
—87.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Ponding the vote,
Mr. BLISS said: I desire to state that I have
been detained at home by the illness of myself
and family. During that period I have paired oft*
with Mr. Warren. But I understand the terms
of that pair to extend only to political questions,
and I am, therefore, at liberty to vote on this ques-
tion. I vote "ay."
Mr. FLORENCE asked leave to vote, having
been outof the Hall, attending to business of his
constituents, when his name was called.
Mr. DEAN objected.
Mr. FLORENCE. If I had been in the Hall
when niy name was called, I would have voted
i t ^ TT "
aJ '
The vote was then announced as above.
MARTIN PATTEN HADINE-
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill for the relief of Martin
i>dtteu Ilciditio, of Pontotoc county, Mississippi;
which was rend n first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUGHES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a hill to iepeal secuou nineteen of an act
entitled l' An act- making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending Juno 30, 1859," approved June 12, 1858;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Expenditures in the
State Department.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. UNDER.YvOOD. I ssk the unanimous
consent of the Hou.se to introduce a bill for the
