1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL&Bfc.
expenditures. With expenditures of $80,000,000,
and receipts of $50,000,000, what became his duty
and the duty of the executive Government ? It
was to select those objects which wereof the first
public importance, and leave the others until
money came into the Treasury. He could not
make money. There was not money enough for
all: he hiust omit some. Then, I say, the discre-
tion became'& duty, a high duty, to select those
objects of public expenditure most necessary to
carry on the Government, and leave the others.
This case was argued, I rccollect, last year, be-
tween the Senator from New York [Mr. King]
and myself, and I got the statement from the
Treasury and read it from my desk; and it stands
in the debates of that year, showing hoVcven his
own post office happened not to be commenced at
that time. That is all there is in it. As for this
talk about a dispensing power, and the Secretary
of the Treasury selecting favorite locations, all
that has been answered, and answered officially,
and the answer never has been assailed, and can-
not be. These are wholly unsupported charges,
which gentlemen choose to make in their place as
Senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator may state
that they are unsupported chargcs, but let him put
his finger on a charge that I have made that is not
supported, if he can. Is it not true that these
buildings were directed to be constructed, and the
appropriations for the purpose made, two years
ago? Is that unsupported? Look to your acts
of Congress. Is it not true that there were
$17,000,000 in the Treasury on the 30th June,
1857? Is that unsupported ? Look to the reports
from the Department itself. What charge is un-
supported ? You may make these general asser-
tions that charges are unsupported, but the rec-
ords are here.
But the Senator from Georgia says that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury had not money enough. I
concede that, if he had not money to do the act,
he could not do it. The Senator says, if there was
not money enough for all objects, he could dis-
criminate. I deny that. He has no dispensing
power. It is his duty to go on while the money
lasts, and come to Congress and represent the ne-
cessity for more if itis insufficient; but what does
he say in his report? He says:
"Owing to the condition of the Treasury, the Depart-
ment has postponed the building of a portion of the public
works authorized by previous acts of Congress."
Not of all, but of" a portion." Now, I say he
has no right to make any such discrimination. He
should have gone on with the works, and all the
works, that (Congress directed to be constructed.
He should have discharged his duty, and have
looked to Congress, which provides the means, to
have furnished him means to carry out its laws.
I look on it as the assumption of very dangerous
and unwarranted authority on the part of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to commence a portion of
the public buildings which he is directed to con-
struct, and leave the rest, on the assumption that
there would not be funds to do it. He says it
would have required the borrowing of means to
construct the buildings. What if it did? Was
that any business of his? Congress may borrow
the money, if itis proper; but, because it requires
the borrowiugof money, is he to exercise a su-
pervisory power over Congress, and say what
laws he will exccute, and what not? I apprehend
not; and the exercise of no such power oug^t to
be tolerated for a moment by Congress.
Mr. PUGH. I believe that I do not stand in
the attitude of any particular friend of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; but it seems to me that the
assertion of the Senator from Georgia is literally
true, that the charge made by the Senator from
Illinois'is wholly unfounded. These appropria-
tions were made, some of them, in 1856, and they*
were subject to a proviso:
" Provided, That no money hereby appropriated shall be
used or applied forthe pui poses mentioned until a valid title
to the land for the bite of such buildings, in each case, shall
be vested in the United States, and until the State shall
al&o duly i el ease and relinquish to the United States the
right to tax, or in any way assess, said site, or the property
of the United States that may be thereon during the time
that the said United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.'5
It was the will of Congress that not a cent
should be used at the time the appropriation was
actually made, but should be used at some future
time; and these conditions carry the whole case
clear'past the time of which the Senator from Il-
linois speaksj and the Secretary of the'Treasury,
in submitting this question to Congress, for he
accompanies his own report with the report of
the engineer in charge, uses this expression about
the buildings not commenced:
" For many of these works the appropriation is insuffi-
cient; others are without appropriation for sites, and all
were without the customary ten per centum for contingent
expenses, as detailed in my last annual report. Before these
works can be properly commenced, appropriations for fur-
nishing sites and contingent expenses will be required, as
well as additional appropriations where the amounts are in-
sufficient to complete suitable buildings."
That was the information given, and I say it
was the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
pause when he ascertained how these appropria-
tions were made, that it was a pure oversight in
Congress at the time they were made. They
were thrust in as these amendments are \fpon an
appropriation bill at the end of the session, in the
Senate, and agreed to by a conference commit-
tee. They never passed the ordeal fairly of either
House, certainly not of the House of Represent-
atives.
But, sir, that act contains another proviso, that,
so far as the custom-houses are concerned, not
one of them shall be commenced at any port
where the revenue does pot exceed the cost of'
collection. I«have here, in the Secretary of the
Treasury's report, a table for the year ending
June 30, 1857, which was the very largest year
of our importations and the largest year of our
income from customs—much larger than the year
when these appropriations were made. I find
here that at Ogdensburg, New York, the net in-
come for that year was $2,076 14 from customs,
the net income from the post office $.2,639 33,
making the total $4,715 37, and for that $110,000
was appropriated. If that is anything but sheer,
wanton extravagance, I do not know the force of
terms in the English language. It is a shameful
appropriation, and there is no excuse for Sena-
tors to sustain it on any pretense. The money is
not spent; it ought never to have been appropri-
ated; the appropriation ought to be repealed.
Stop this extravagance, and stop it now.
Next comes Perth Amboy, in New Jersey.
There the excess of the cost of the collection of
the revenue over the receipts of the year, was
$2,940 06, and the net income from the post office
§384 11, and the total cost of collection over the
revenue from both was $2,556 15. Twenty-four
thousand dollars was appropriated for a building
there. That is another case of inexcusable ex-
travagance, and it is our duty to repeal the appro-
priations at once.
Then there is Knoxville, Tennessee, t believe
that was the subject of quite a discourse this
morning. The total revenue collected there was
$18,091 14, and how was it made up ? Eighteen
thousand and eighty-five dollars and thirteen cents
was the amount of revenue collected on railroad
iron in bond. That is,one railroad company paid
the whole of it, and when the railroad was made,
all the revenue was gone. The income from the
post office there over its expenses was $1,942 31,
and the whole number of days that the United
States courts sat there in the year was forty, and
for that place you appropriated $96,800 for a
building.
I might go through the list which is on page
125 of this year's Report on the Finances, show-
ing that you have authorized a total of appropri-
ations to the amount of $1,101,458 23, where the
whole net income'of the Government from post-
ages and customs and everything else is only
$19,505. The Secretary tells you, in addition,
and the engineer in charge of the works tells you,
that even the amount you have appropriated is
totally insufficient, that he cannot erect the build-
| ings on any plan for that money; and what is the
object of pressing it now? It is to force him to
commence, not with any idea that these amounts
will do it, but you commit this Government to a
bottomless abyss of extravagance. For places
where you have $19,000 of income, you propose
to expend $1,101,000 for buildings to start with,
and nobody knows where it will end.
Now, I say it is totally in vain for Senators to
attempt to cover it up by any collateral pretense.
It is an attempt to compel the expenditure of this
money. I recollect the amendment authorizing
these buildings. I believe I stated last session
that I voted for it, under a misapprehension, and
that I had been ashamed of,my vote ever Since;
and I should have moved a kreconsideratibn,:but
that I was told it wduld^&e t'hrWn put oir & con-
ference; but, like a conference
legislation, it was much yihjesej[ supposed.
I think the Secretary of the;T?easury' has1 done
his duty, and 1 wish we had all otherpu blie offi-
cers to do theii* duty as fearlessly' When they
find that Congress has appropriated m&ney tinder
a mistake, under the supposition thai tfte^#crtn
which they name is sufficient to accomplish nKe
work,- and it turns out not to be sufficient,! tfcifrk
it is a wise thing and a just thing, for whhft a
public officer ought to be eulogized; thatlie pauses
and refers it back to us for' consideration.- 'He
did it at'the last session, and it was debated heife
at great length. Senators attempted then to torn-
pel the Secretary to go on. I believe the Senator
from Tenhessee says they acquiesced under it.
They acquiesced because they were defeated in
this body by a decisive vote, and'I hope they will
be defeated again. This is the Post Office appro-
priation bill, and the House arhendmentis simply
to continue the appropriations for; post office
buildings another two years. TheV will lapse
with the 30th of June, and I am glad of it. If
"this were the miscellaneous appropriation Bill,
that would cover the whole of them, 1 would bring
in an amendment to repeal every one of these, ap-
propriations; and wherever a site has been pur-
chased, I would sell it.
There is no excuse for this Extravagance, I
recollect to have seen, during the last summer, a
report of a speech delivered by (he Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] in which he held up
this Government and the Administration to great
responsibility for maintaining certain ports of col-
lection where the amount collected was notequal
to the expense of collection; and yet he is here
to-day endeavoring to force us to expend more
money in just such places. I have no doubt that
there are a great many custom-houses where the
revenue collected is not equal to the expense of
collection; and I have no doubt that there are a
great many where, there ought to be retrenchment.
There are others which are established, I think,
rather for the purpose of preventing" smuggling:
those we shall have to keep up at any expense;
but here there is no excuse for these appropria-
tions. We ought never to have made them. I
suppose that, take it as an original question on
this report, they could not command the vote ot
any Senator in this Chamber, unless he was a
Senator of the State where some of the money
was to be expended. Now we know the facts;
and instead of meeting our responsibilities, and
saving this money to the public for the public
service, we attempt to go about by pretending
that it is some assumption of extraordinary power
on the part of the Secretary of the Treasury. It
is none; and, for my part, it js so seldom that I
find any of the executive officers standing boldly
up against extravagance, that I thank the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for what he has done; and,
as long as he keeps on in that course, he can
depend on my vote at least.
Mr. KING. I do not know that I am sur-
prised at the remark of the Senator from Ohio,
that he is obliged to the Secretary'of the Treas-
ury for undertaking to set aside the laws of the
country, and arrest their execution. In my view,
it is the-duty and the business of that Secretary,
as it is of every officer of this Government, to
execute the laws; and he has no right to interpose
his arbitrary discretion, on the ground that Con-
gress has legislated wisely or^unwisely, to exe-
cute or not execute the laws according to his
will; and I do not understand, that in this matter
the Secretary of the Treasury is disposed to as-
sume the power which the Senator from Ohio
would seem willing to give him, and which lie
eulogizes him for exercising/ This Government
would become a tyranny, a mere despotism, if
the Executive Departments had the power to ad-
minister the Government without regard to the
laws passed by Congress, and to execute or re-
fuse to excute those laws at their will, and ac-
cording to their discretion, of their propriety or
impropriety. That is the doctrine in Turkey,
where the Sultan makes the law according to his
discretion.
That, however, is a point which does not really
touch the merits of this question. Iam obliged to
the Senator from Ohio for calling the attention of
