1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 28,
the Senate to the case of the custom-house at Og-
densburg. I have had, and still have, considerable
inclination to free trade. I gave my lahor and mv
efforts in the other House to procure a drawback
bill to promote intercourse between the Canadas
and this country, and I endeavored to obtain the
passage of legislation by which we should have re-
ciprocal free trade with the Canadas. 1 favored and
approved the adoption of the reciprocity treaty,
though it was riot what it ought to have been. It
was partial and unequal, giving to the Canadians
the right to sell their.surplus products in our mar-
kets, while the schedule of articles which were
passed free between the two countries excluded
nearly all the articles.which they desired to buy
and we desired to sell, and it was thus, pretty
much, opening our ports to their produce for sale.
I acquiesced in that, unequal as X knew it to be,
because I ho.ped.it would lead to an enlargement
oif the schedule,.and an increase of the number of
articl.es which should come in free. Now, if the
Senator from Ohio had looked at the returns from
the port of Ogdensburg a year or two before the
year which he^cites,which was after the operation,
of tliis treaty had commenced, he would have
found that the duties received there were fifty or
sixty thousand dollars, and the trade has probably
increased three-fold since the treaty went into
operation.
Mr. PUG^H. The statistics which I gave were
for the year 1857.
Mr. KING. The treaty was made in 1854, and
of course that was after the treaty. The treaty
abolished the duties. The importations at that
porthave probably been increased three-fold since
the treaty was made, but they now come free, they
pay no uutyl Still they must be entered; the cus-
tom-house business must be done the same as if
they paid duty. I have, at the present session of
Congress, introduced a resolution, on account of
the regulations which have been adopted in Can-
ada, directing a.n inquiry into tli? operations of
this treaty, lhave not examined this matter par-
ticularly, but I know that at Ogdensburg a very
large amount of duties was collected, and it has
fallen off in consequence of the treaty, and the
regulations which have been made in Canada have
contributed to diminish the revenue.
It is over two years ago since the appropria-
tions were made for these buildings, and now
gentlemen say that they should be taken away
from that part of the country, because the cus-
tom-houses do not yield sufficient revenue, when
by your own action you have diminished that
revenue. It is most unjust and unequal that what
this Government has done to diminish the rev-
enue there shall be assigned against it, and that
appropriations made under previous contempla-
tions of its condition and its collections, shall be
taken from it; while it shall be left to do the busi-
ness which it was required to do when it paid large
sums, to the Government. The people on our fron-
tier feel aggrieved by the fact that, since the re-
ciprocity treaty went into operation, the British
Government for the Canadas have levied a much
larger amount of duties than stood upon all arti-
cles not enumerated in the schedule of the treaty
at the time it was negotiated; so that the little
wooden and iron manufactures, and a vast deal
of trade which went on there with a moderate and
reasonable duty, has been pretty much cut off.
Tile Canadians come into our porta and sell their
produce free of duly, though our people have the
same articles in abundance. The operation of the
tieaty is such, tli.it the articles which come in
fiee are puncipally those of which we, ouiselves,
have a surplus. The Canadians come across the
river into our markets, in competition with our
own people. While we should be willing to take
their competition if they would take ours, and
thus have a reciprocal trade, we are dissatisfied
•with the condition of things which has resulted
from the treaty; and surely it would be unkind
in Congress to visit upon us penalties, in addi-
tion to what you have already imposed upon us
by the provisions of the treaty. If you will ex-
amine the previous returns, 1 think you will find
that, in some years, the Ogdensburg custom-
house received duties to the amount of fifty or
sixty thousand dollars.
Mr. PUGH. Do I understand the Senator to
say that the duties there were ever $50,000?
Mr. KING. I have understood that in one
yem they reached a® high as $80,000.
Mr- PUGH. I have the reports for 1852,1853,
and i854,andin no instance did the gross amount
exceed $30,000.
Mr. ICING. I have not examined it myself,
though the books are before me.
Mr. HUNTER. I will ask the Senator from
New York.if the year when the importation was
so large, it was not owing to the importation- of
railroad iron ?
Mr. KING. I do not know; I refer gentlemen
to the books; and I say that the regular ordinary
trade there to-day is three times more than it was
when the reciprocity treaty went into operation.
I feel it my duty to state these facts, to represent
the condition of things; .and whatever shall be
the judgment of Congress on this subject, we shall
submit. If they shall visit us with any penalties,
1 rather think we shall be able to stand it; but it
appear#to me that this course of conduct is most
unjust and unkind.
The Senator from Georgia says this subject
was discussed last year. According to my un-
derstanding of the case, every statement which
the Senator from Illinois has made in relation to
the power of the Secretary of the Treasury, is
sustained by the statutes and by the documents.
The Senator from Georgia himself showed, last
year, that the Secretary had proceeded to ascer-
tain the amount of duties at eacfc port which
came within the provisions of the act of Congress
requiring him to proceed to construct the build-
ings; and haVing ascertained that, the site was
purchased, and he said, " Now, if you want the
buildings erected, vote the money." I told him,
that I did not know but that we might go about
our neighborhood, and raise the money by sub-
scription. I was desirous then, I am desirous
now, of giving the Government funds by taxation
—by levying on the imports of the country duties
which shall enable it to pay its expenses; but
the majority said, no; they would not do that-,
they wanted to borrow money. Well, they bor-
rowed $40,000,000; and what have they done
with it? I asked them how much they wanted.
1 remember that, in the discussion last year, they
said, " Give the Secretary of the Treasury the
money, and he will execute these laws." As the j
Senator from Illinois has said, when these laws
were passed, the Secretary had an overflowing '
Treasury. But the Senator from Georgia, last
winter, desired to interpose, and make an issue
different from the merits of the case. The course
of his remarks was calculated, if not designed, ,
to make an issue between the Secretary of the
Treasury and myself, as though I were attacking
the Secretary of the Treasury. I said then, that
when | wished to do anything of that sort, I
would attack him directly. I spoke of his duties
under the law; and I spoke of the obligations of
i all the officers of the Government to carry out
the laws; without intending to speak personally
of them. The present Secretary of the Treasury,
it was then said, did not design to exercis: any
discretion of this sort; that he had proceeded
with this matter as fast as he could do; that he
was going on; that he had a year yet; and that
it wus not proper to come in, and make complaint
that the Secretary was not executing thj law,
when he was proceeding to execute it as rapidly
as lie could; and upon that ground, this attempt,
so far as 1 was concerned, was abandoned. My
opinion now is, that, without any action of
Congress, the Secietary of the Treasury will
deem himself bound to execute these laws. I
certainly will not, in anticipation,charge a delin-
quency of so gross a character as a deliberate
purpose to defy the laws, and assume a dispensing
power. I will not say, that an officer of the Gov-
ernmentdehberately undertakes to expend money
in one place and not in another, where appropri-
ations aie made by Congress. I do not believe
the Secretary entertains any such opinion. It is
my judgment, that he will go on and execute
these laws within the time, and that the money
: is in the Treasury for it.
I I understand that this provision of the bill does
: not extend to custom-house buildings. In Og-
' densburg tile building is to accommodate the Uni-
; ted States courts, the custom-house, and the post
I office; but this provision of the bill, as I under-
I stand, lelates only to the post office buildings. I
| have not regarded it necessary, and I have not in-
tended topropose any action of Congress on this
! subject. I have believed that one law of Congress
is just as obligatory as half a dozen to the same
purpose and effect; but the result of this provision,
if it be passed, and for that reason I desire to vote
for it, is simply an extension of that discretion
which the Secretary of the Treasury may exercise
of executing the law within the time in which, by
the legislation of Congress, it is provided he may
execute it. I think this is a wise provision which
has been introduced by the House of Represent-
atives. I do not want legislation by conference
committees, and I think it better to retain this
provision in the bill, and in good faith to go
on and carry out this legislation; and I am not
disposed to inquire into the merits of the va-
rious appropriations which were made for these
buildings in many of the States two or three year?
ago. It is enough for me that they were made,
and that the law required the buildings to be con-
structed, and that money was in the Treasury
more than enough to construct them at the time
when the law was passed. I have not been dis-
posed to make any great outcry or imputations
upon anybody; but difficulties have fallen on the
country, the Treasury has been embarrassed, in
common with the business of the whole country;
and for that reason, as has been assigned, there
has been a disposition to let it lie; but when, under
cover of such declarations made a year ago, an
effort is now made to undertake to push this mat-
ter off entirely, it justifies at least a suspicion or
apprehension that the design deliberately to set
the law of Congress at defiance may have been
entertained at an earlier day. But I trust no such
thing will be carried out. I hope this provision
of the bill will be retained. Having done my
duty, I am willing to leave the subject to the dis-
cretion and justice of this House and the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, this is not
the first time that I have observed persons, when
pressed with a question, raise a smoke about
something else in which to escape. The Senator
from Ohio has gone into the propriety of the con-
strucuon of these buildings. That is not the
question before Congress; the question here is
about appropriating money to carry out a law of
Congress; the question we are discussing is as to
the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury to
execute such lawsofCongressashe thinks proper,
and to omit to execute such as he thinks improper;
and we have had the extraordinary spectacle of
a Senator rising here and thanking the Secretary
of the Treasury for setting at defiance a law of
Congress, because the Senator says it was an in-
judicious law! If the Secretary can set aside au
injudicious law, he can set aside a judicious law.
It is against his right to judge at all, m any case,
that I protest; and I am astounded that a Senator
can be. found to thank.the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for exercising an unwarranted authority of
this kind,because he thinks a law was an injudi-
cious one. Sir, I will not inquire whether the
law was judicious or injudicious. It is enough
for me that thus it is written iu the statute-book
of the country; and I will recognize no authority
in any officer, whose duty it is to execute the
laws of the country, to set aside their execution
because, in his opinion, a law is injudicious. I
may agree with the Senator from Ohio as to the
impropriety of the law; and he has referred me
to a speech I made, in which I complained of the
extravagance of ihe Government in the collection,
of its revenue. Sir, I stand by it; it has been ex-
travagant; and he cannot go further than I will to
bring the expenditures of this Govei nment down
to wliat they ought to be; but I am not disposed
! to allow him to escape trom 'the real question here
by raising any such issue as that. Now, I want,
in a very few words, to put both him and the
Senatorfrom Georgia right; and we sha'l see how
plain a tale will dispose of the argument of both
of them.
I happen now to have the statutes before me,
and 1 am sorry not to see the Senator from Geor-
gia here. He stated that the Secretary of the
Treasury had but ninety days during the year
the appropriation was made, within which to pur-
chase, and to proceed to the construction of these
buildings, and that there was not time to do it.
The Senator from Ohio read, I believe from the
Secretary's report, a passage in which he stated
!j that, in some instances, the money was not ap-
!j propriated for the purchase of sites, and that the
usual ten per cent, was not appropriated forcon-
tinoencies. A reference to the law will very easily
