1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the standing committees of the House,
winch, at the last session thereof, were authorized to em-
ploy clerks, be authorized to employ clerks for the present
session, at the same rate of compensation : and that-their
compensation be from the date of their service.
Mr. DEAN objected.
FISHING BOUNTIES.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from New
York will give me his attention, I will propound
an interrogatory to him. Will he tell the House
what has become of the Senate bill for the aboli-
tion of fishing bounties, which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce at an early day of the
last session ? Does that committee intend to bring
that bill before this House, and give the Represent-
atives of the people opportunity to say whether
or not they will do away with this heavy tax upon
the pockets of the people? Is itthe design to sup-
press this bill ?
[Loud cries of " Order! "]
Mr. WASH BURNE of Illinois. I call the gen-
tleman to order. The chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, unless by order of the committee,
has no right, under the rules, to state what has
been its action.
Mr. HOUSTON. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I thought the Speaker, and not the gentle-
man from Illinois, was here to preserve and con-
trol the order of the House.
CHANGE OF VESSELS' NAMES.
Mr. COMINS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back Senate bill (No. 32) to repeal
an act entitled "An act authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to change the names of vessels in
certain cases, "approved 5th of March, 1856, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. COMINS. I desire to say a few words
before a vote is taken on this bill. It is well known
that frequent applications are made to Congress
for the enactment of special laws authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to change the names
of vessels in certain cases. So frequent were these
applications in the early part of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, and so great oftentimes was the de-
lay in getting bills through both Houses, it was
deemed expedient that a general law should be
passed authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to change the names of vessels, m certain
cases, and under such rules and regulations as lie
might adopt. It was under these circumstances,
prompted by the requests of many merchants,
that the law of 1856 was passed. It was supposed
the Secretary of the Treasury would adopt strin-
gent regulations, and act with extreme caution in
each and every case which might arise. But such
does not appear to be the case. In reply to a res-
olution which I had the honor to offer on the
16th of March last, with especial reference to the
change of name, and loss, of the late Central
America, alias the George Law, by which hun-
dreds of our fellow-citizens found a watery grave,
the Secretary of the Treasury has submitted the
following letter:
Treasury Departmfnt, April 8, 1^58.
Sir : For reply to the resolution ofthe ilou«e of Repre-
sentatives of the 16th ultimo, lequestmg the Secretary of
the Tieasury " to communicate to the IIou>e of Rcpie&ent-
auves the number of vessels, the name« of which have been
changed undei the act of Match 5th, 1858, entitled ' An act
authorizing the Secretaiy of the Tieasiiiy to change i1r>
names of vessels in certain case als-o, by whom such
vessels were owned at the tunc of the change of name, and
how many of such vessels have been lost or foundeied at
sea ; and also the reasons assigned tor changme the name of
the late United States mail steamship k Geoige Law5 to that
of Genual Amencn,5I have the honor to tiansimt heie-
with a statement prepared by the Register ofthe Tieasmy,
containing alt the mtoi mation callud for by the n;Bolution
in the possesion ot this Depaitment.
Theie were no specific reasons assigned for changing the
name of the steamer " George Law;" but due notice of
the application for change of name was published once a
week lor foui weeks m the New York Shipping and Com-
meicial Li^t, in compliance with the regulation of the De-
partment, under the act of March 5, 1836, auihnrmng the
Soctetary of the Tieasury to change the names ot vessels
1Dfam%ryfespectfully, IIOWELL COBB,
Sccrctimj oj the Treasury.
JJon J. L. Our. Sjicaker House of Representatives.
It appears, by the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, that the regulation which he adopted
was, that due notice should be published oace a
week for four weeks in certain newspapers, and
that no special reason for a change of name was
required. But it is due to the Secretary of the
Treasury to state, that immediately after he was
informed of the impositions which were being
practiced upon him, he countermanded his regu-
lations, and has, since that time, refused,in most
cases, applications under the act of 1856, and
expressed a desire that the law of 1856 should be
repealed.
The Committee on Commerce have unani-
mously recommended the passage of the Senate
bill which I have just reported.
Mr. STANTON. I confess, Mr. Speaker, that
I can see no reason why we should take this sub-
ject out of the hands of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. in times past, we have been annoyed by con-
stant application for leave to change the names of
particular vessels; and I never could see the rea-
son why some general law could not be made
authorizing it to be done without a special act of
Congiess. This power has been held by the Sec-
ictaiy of the Treasury for some years, and i do
not know that any evil has resulted from it.
Mr. WASHBtJRNE, of Illinois. I will state
to the gentleman the reasons why it has been
determined by the Committee on Commerce that
this law should be repealed. Under the law, as
it at present exists, there have been a great many
applications for the change of name, that have
come within the rule laid down by the Secretary
of the Treasury. I hold in my hand a statement
showing the number of vessels, the names of
which have been changed, that have been lost.
The number is very large. When an old vessel
gets a bad name, its owners come to the Secretary
of the Treasury, and have its name changed.
False lights are held out to the public, and people
are induced to intrust themselves and property to
these vessels, which, had the vessels retained their
original names, they would not have done. The
Secretary of the Treasury, the merchants and
ship-owners of New Yoik, who have seen the ill
effect of this law, are all unanimously in favor of
its repeal. When occasion arises for the change
of names of vessels, it can be done here in Con-
gress. There has never been any trouble in regard
to that matter.
Mr. STANTON. If there be any reason why
care should be taken in changing the names of
vessels, and if there be any well-founded objec-
tion to the change, that objection is much more
likely to be known to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury than to Congi ess. If a ship-owner has a spe-
cial reason, owing to the character of a ship, for
a change of name—if the change be sought for
the purpose of practicing a fraud upon the public
—the facility for imposing on Congress is a thou-
sand times greater than for imposing on the Sec-
retary of the Trea^iry. Congress always passes
such a special bill without anybody knowing
anything about it; but it will not be so easy to
impose upon an officer whose special duty it is
to inquire whether a good reason for the change
exists or not. If any fiaud i  practiccd in regard
to the change of names of vessels, it is for that
very reason that we should leave the matter to
the Secietary ofthe Treasury. But I should be
glad to know why a ship may not be lost as well
under one name as under another ? If it turns out
that ships whose names have been changed are
lost, will the gentleman fiom Illinois explain to
me why they would not have been lost if they
had retained their original name, so that I may
understand the objection to change of names?
Mr. WASIiBULtNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man will recollect the loss of the Central America;
does he know the original name of that vessel?
Mr. STANTON. Yes, I do.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What was
it?
Mr. STANTON. The George Law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Exactly; and
would the gentleman, with the reputation that the
George Law had, have intrusted his life and prop-
erty in the Central America, had he known her
original name ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will the gentle;
man from Illinois permit me to say a word here ?
For one, I have no objection to the passage of
this bill; but yet I am conscious that this general
law is sought to be repealed because of a fright
into which some have fallen because of the loss
ofthe Central America. Now, 1 know &omething
; about that case; and I can inform my friend on the
Committee on Commerce that the ship called the
; Central America,which had been previously called
! the George Law, was as stout and staunch a ship
I as floated on the ocean. She was not an old ship.
| She was about three years old. - Her name was
changed merely from the caprice of her owner.
Very many times before her name was changed,
she carried a larger number of passengers than
she carried on the ill-fated occasion w^ien she be-
came involved in a gale and went to the bottom.
It does seem to me that very possibly some pro-
visions of law ought to be enacted which would
render it impossible for frauds to be perpetrated
| on the public by changing the names of ships. I
| have no objection that it shall be enacted in a law,
I that in respect of old ships their names shall not
j be changed. In regard to the (Jentral America,
| that ship was a new one; was staunch; was well
built; but she perished in a gale. Now, when-
ever we legislate under fright, we legislate wrong.
I can see no reason why a ship that is staunch
and strong is any more likely to perish under one
name than under another.
Mr. RITCHIE. Why, then, are the names of
vessels changed?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Because it very
often happens that the owners of a ship, from
mere fancy, desire to change her name. And I
appeal to the experience ot^ the House whether
any special application for the change of name of
a ship has ever been refused. Now, I do not ob-
ject to the passage of this bill, but I do insist upon
it that the gentleman from Illinois shall not, in
speaking with respect to a calamity that has fallen
everywhere, and nowhere with more severity
than on those who lost nearly two million dollars
of capital in the shjp wreck, characterize what was
a new ship as an old one. But the subject-mat-
ter is too trifling to induce me to interpose my ob-
jection to the passage of a bill which would never
have been suggested but for the fright into which
some gentlemen have fallen.
Mr. STANTON. I have no objection in the
world to the passage of this bill, except for the
inconvenience which would result to Congress
from the constant applications of persons to have
the names of vessels changed. We all know that
every man who wants to get the name of a ship
changed, no matter for what purpose, whether
honestly or dishonestly, could come here and get
a special law, if there was no other mode of doing;
so; because no such application was ever refused
in this House. There seems to be no reason why
the application should not be granted, and there-
fore no member interests himself in the matter.
I think, myself, that this is a very small matter;
and I ask the previous question on the third read-
ing of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered; and, under its operation,
the bill was read the thitd time.
Mr. COMINS moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
i main question ordered; which was on the passage
! of the hill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for tellers.
I Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Cogh-
' rane, and Clark of Connecticut, were appointed.
! The House divided; and the tellers reported—
j ayes 78, noes 42.
I So the bill was passed.
| Mr. COMINS moved to leconsider the vote by
} which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
i the motion to reconsider upon the table.
j The latter motion was agreed to.
! NEW REVENUE-CUTTERS.
Mr. LANDY, from the Committee on Com-
1 mcrcc, reported a bill authorizing the President
■ of the United States to procure two steam reve-
nue-cutters, one to be stationed at the port of
! Philadelphia, and the other at the port of New
Orleans; which was read a first and second time,
lefened to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commeice, reported adversely
upon the following resolutions and memorials;
which wetc laid on the table, and the committee
