1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445
dispose of that. Here is the act of Congress,
passed on the 18th of August, 185G. After going
on to appropriate for the construction of a build-
in £ at Ogdensburg, Dubuque, Galena, Spring-
field, Illinois, Rutland, Vermont, and various
other places; it contains this section:
" Anil be it farther enacted, That the several sums men-
tioned m the preceding ?ecnou of tins act, as the cost of the
Imildtng.-i therein auUionzed to be constructed, together
With ten per cent, thereon to cover the compensation of
architects, superintendence, advertising, and other con-
tingent expenses, and ao much as may be required to pur-
chase puuabie tites tot said buildings-, be, and the same are
hereby, appropriated for the purposes aforesaid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Here is ten per cent, appropriated for all these
contingencies, and what becomes of that excuse ?
The law is positive. Let me read it:
"Sec. 18. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
be, and he is hereby, authorized and dneated to cause to be
constructed the following buildings."
Horp is the mnnriate of the law which the Sena-
tor from Ohio thanks the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for disobeying; and from this hiejh place the
people of this country are taught to disregard the
laws of Congress, and Senators are ready to thank
a man for disregarding them. Sir, when such
doctrines shall be taught and obtain in the country,
what are we coming to? -Does it depend upon
the mere caprice, will, or judgment, or discretion
of an officer, whether he will execute a law, or
submit to a law ?
When was this money appropriated ? The
Senator from Georgia says there were but ninety
days from the beginning of the fiscal year for
which the money was appropriated, before the
money in the Tieasury was exhausted. These
appropriations were not made for the fiscal year
1857-58, but for the fiscal year 1856-57, The
appropriations were made in August, 185G, for
the year ending on the 30th of June, 1857. The
appropriations for that year were not made until
late in the summer of 1856. Congress was in ses-
sion that year to a late period, and made appro-
priations for the fiscal year 1856-57, after the year
commenced; and the act from which I have read
is "An act making appropriations for certain
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1857." It was passed
in August, 1856. Was there not money in the
Treasury during the whole of that fiscal year?
Why, sir, th$re were §17,000,000 of money in the
Treasury on the 30th of June, 1857, when the
fiscal year expired, during which the Secretary
was directed to construct these buildings. Now,
do you tell me that he had no money ? Not only
had he $17,000,000 at the end of the year—a much
larger suiplus than at any former period—but for
more than a year after this appropriation was
made, the Treasury wasoverfiowing with money.
The Secretary of the Treasury was directed to
erect these buildings out of the appropriations for
the year ending the 30th ofJune,1857; and is the
fact that he had no money m 1858 or 1859 any
excusc ? What, now, becomes of your pretense
that there was not time; that there was nothing
for contingent expenses, or to buy sites with ?
Let us come back to the real question, and it is
simply this: The Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Guthrie, who was then in office, and his succes-
sor, have not thought proper to carry out the act
of Congress;and that is the question 1 am discuss-
ing, and not the propriety of erecting these build-
ings. 1 will not go into that. I think it quite
likely that I should vote with the Senator from
Ohio to repeal the law requiring their construc-
tion. Ifl thought with him that they ought not
to he constructed, I certainly would vote with
him; but that is not the question now in issue.
The law is upon the statute-book requiring the
work to be done. The Secretary comes in here
with a report, telling you that he has not thought
proper to do it. It is no excuse to me.. I would
hold him to the execution of the law. If the law
is an improper one, let us repeal it.
Mr. PUGH. Now, that we may see what is
the question, I ask the Secretary to read the pro-
viso of the House of Representatives which it is
proposed to strike out.
The Secretary read, as follows:
'"Provided, That the sums heretofore appropriated for the
erection of the po<«f office buildings, which shall remain m
the Treasuiy unexpended at the clu&e of the present fiscal
year, are hereby reappropnated to the objects to which they
are now applicable by la\v.,f
Mr. PUGH. That is a complete answer to the
assertion of the Senator from Illinois. The prop-
osition before the Senate is to appropriate the
money for these very buildings; and yet the Sen-
ator rises to pretend that the propriety of employ-
ing public money for these purposes is not be-
fore the Senate. It is the question. It is the
question from which the Senator endeavored to
escape. The proviso is to reappropriate this
money for these purposes. That is the question;
and when the Committee on Finance recommend
us not to appropriate the money, not to persevere
in it, the Senator from Illinois, instead of address-
ing himself to that question, raises a false charge
against the Secretary of the Treasury. The ap-
propriations, so far as they are contained in the
law which he read, were made m August, 1856.
That does not embrace ail of them. That law con-
tained an express proviso that the money should
not be used until a site had been procured, the
title examined, and acts of the Legislatures of the
several States passed releasing the right of taxa-
tion; and I say that not a single one of these ap-
propriations was brought to that condition that
the Secretary of the Treasury could by law use
one cent of the money during the time that Mr.
Guthrie was in office. When did the Legisla-
tures of the States meet?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Legislature of Illi-
nois met before Mr. Guthrie went out of office.
Mr. PU.GH. Did the Legislature of Illinois
cede the right of taxation ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They did pass a law in
accordance with the requirements of the act, and
the Secretary of the Treasury purchased a site,
and paid for it.
Mr. PUGH. They may have done it, possi-
bly, in regard to the building at Springfield; but
ji we know that there was a controversy by which
!i it appeared that a year had elapsed before they
; did cede the right of taxation over a portion of
j the public buildings at Chicago.
! Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know when the
i1 purchase was made; but the Legislature met be-
h fore Mr. Guthrie went out of office, and passed a
j! law ceding the jurisdiction, and the right of tax-
Si ation at Springfield, and I understand the pur-
l! chase has been made, and the property paid for.
11 Mr. DOUGLAS. If my friend from Ohio will
permit me, I can explain that matter. An appro-
priation was made by Congress for the building
at Springfield, and at the same time, I think, a
very large additional amount for the building at
Chicago, which required enlargement. The en-
largement at Chicago required an additional lot to
be purchased, so that the building would extend
over it. The jurisdiction was not ceded over that
additional lot in Chicago, and has never been
ceded, unless it has been done within the last few
weeks, by the Legislature that has justadjourned.
The work went on at Chicago without a cession
of jurisdiction at all; but at Springfield there was
a cession of jurisdiction by the Legislature, The
fact is, then,' that the work was not carried on
where thejurisdiction was ceded; but was prose-
cuted where there was no jurisdiction ceded.
Mr. PUGH. That has all been before the Sen-
ate heretofore. The mistake was in supposing
that the act of the Legislature, in reference to
Chicago, included the whole property. I was not
speaking of any case in Illinois, in particular, but
of all these cases. I do not know at what time
the different Legislatures met, but you observe
the requirements of the law—the cession is to be
made by the Legislature, the property is to be
purchased on proper examination, and the title
is to be certified by the Attorney General. The
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] complains
that in all this list of public buildings, the money
was not expended before the 4th day of March,
1857, when Mr. Guthrie went out of office. I say
it was impossible. Then Mr. Cobb came in.
Now suppose—which I do not for a moment be-
lieve, and I think it was shown to the contrary at
the last session—that the buildings had been in a
condition for Mr. Cobb, the moment he came into
office, to go on with the work. In ninety days,
as the Senator from Georgia truly said, the Treas-
ury was almost bankrupt,or atleastit wasbrought
to such a condition as required every prudent of-
ficer to husband his resources. This was a thing
not foreseen by Congress; and then he submitted
to us, at the last session, this very question, and
the attempt was then made to compel him. to go
on with these buildings, and Congress refused it.
Congress did indorse the conduct of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the only reason why the law
was not repealed was, that we knew the appro-
priations would soon lapse and that would be the
end of them. It is because they are soon to lapse;
it, is because we are to be relieved of this extrav-
agance, that the proviso is now put in this bill to
reappropriate the money; and instead of facing
that question, instead of bringing your profes-
sions of retrenchment to the true test, to know
whether^you will justify this expenditure of the
public money, an attempt is made to raise a cloud
of dust, and talk about the Secretary not execut-
ing the law, when he had no money to execute
it with, and you gave him none. I say he had
none at the time to execute it, under the statute,
and he told you last session he had none; that hfr-
was compelled to borrow money for the ordinary
business of the Government. I say it is acharge
unsupported in any particular, notwithstanding
the assertion of the Senator from Illinois and the
Senator from New York; and it is so utterly with-
out foundation that I can imagine no reason for
it except to avoid the real question which the Sen-
ator from Illinois shows himself very dexterous
at. The real question is, shall we appropriate
this money again for this extravagant purpose?
That is the question upon which I intend that
these gentlemen who profess retrenchment shall
give us their votes upon the record.
The Secretary has never set aside the law, he
has never repealed the law; he has executed the
law as far as he could execute it up to the time
when his money failed him. He told Congress
that the money had failed him, and the attempt
was then made to compel him, like the Hebrews
of old, to make bricks without straw. It failed.
Now, at this session of Congress, when these ap-
propriations are to fail, as they ought to fail;
when the Government is to be saved from this
outlay; instead of meeting the question, whether
we shall appropriate this money out of the Treas-
ury to carry on these buildings, we have a tirade
about the assumption of power by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the Senator from
Ohio must have forgotten what took place at tha
last session. I remember the discussion last year
about the Ogdensburg custom-house, and I paid
some attention to the remarks of the Senator from
Georgia and the Senator from New York on that
occasion; and if he will look to the papers as they
were read last year, he will find that in that case
the site was purchased in August, 1857. The
Secretary of the Treasury was advertising in the
following October, two months afterwards, that he
would give sixteen per cent, premium for the
bonds of the United States. Two months after
he purchased a site for this building at Ogdens-
burg, he was advertising in the newspapers that
he would purchase the stocks of the United States
at sixteen per cent, premium. The Senator from
Georgia said last year, " if you want these build-
ings erected, furnish the money." I alluded then
to the fact which I have stated, and said it was a
mistake to suppose that the Treasury was out of
money for these buildings at that time.
Mr. PUGH. He might have bought the site,
and not have the title certified or the jurisdiction
ceded.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Secretary would not go
on and pay money for a property, unless he had
the title, I presume. At the beginning of the last
session we gave the Secretary $20,000,000 of
Treasury notes. I do notsupposeit was intended,
when these appropriations were made, that all
the moneys should be expended in one year. I
suppose it was meant that, like all other buildings,
they should go on gradually. I inquired last year
of the former Secretary of War, the Senator from
Mississippi, whether an executive officer was not
bound to carry out and execute these laws, and
he said he was. I do not wish to hold people to
a very rigid accountability when their money un-
expectedly fails them; I do not think that is wise;
but I think it is useless to undertake to say,that
a Secretary of the Treasury, or any other execu-
tive officer, has the right to set aside the laws, and,
by management,let the appropriations die. I do
not know whether the provision we are now con-
sidering would actually oblige the Secretary to
expend this money this year; I do not suppose it
would. 1 understand the proposition to be, that
he may expend it according to his judgment d«r-
