THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
of the country should revive. It is now reviving.
Thfe importations up to the present period, since
the 1st of January test, almost equal the importa-
tions from the 1st of January, 1857, to the same
date in that year. It is supposed that the reve-
nue this year Will'be fully equal to the revenue of
1857, after deducting, of course, the deficiency
resulting from the change in the'tariff.
Now that the business of the country is be-
eoming prosperous again; bow thatour revenues
are increasing, it may of may not be proper to
mate such appropriations. The Secretary sub-
mits that- question to us. He says, " will you
make such appropriations? 1 haveiio money in the
Treasury to provide for themj if you desire to re-
new these appropriations you must provide the
means; although business is reviving, I have not
ret funds; if, however, you thinkproper to do it,
submit the whole matter to your discretion, and
for your judgment." And yet Senators on the
right and on the left arraign the Secretary of the
Treasury; charge-him with being contumacious
in his conduct; charge him with disrespect for
legislation; and to listen to them one would sup-
pose he had done something worthy of impeach-
mefit. In my judgment, his conduct has been
wise, prudent, and becoming a man holding his
high official position in the Government. I ad-
mire it; I approve it; I heartily sustain it. I will
go further; and in relation to the particular amend-
ment before us, I say that I see no reason- for re-
newing the appropriation. I concur with the
Senator from Ohio: 1 am glad it is about to lapse,
and I hope it will not be renewed.
_Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from Louisiana
has made a very able argument in defense of the
Secretary of the Treasury, bu-t it is not so able
in that respect as it is in assailing other people.
I have never arraigned the Secretary of the Treas-
ury about his estimates; but when Senators un-
dertook to base calculations on his estimates, I
have asked them whether they had any confi-
dence in what he had done already ? I have always
said that I did not blame him for making mis-
takes,because his estimates were made undersuch
Circumstances that no reliance could be placed
on them. The Senator says 1 arraigned him for
not constructing these buildings. 1 did not. I
stated what had happened last year when it was
announced that the title forthe lotatOgdensburg
had been fixed out in August, 1857, at a time
when there was plenty of money in the Treasury,
and when the Department did not apprehend any
crisis.
I do not believe that we ever had, or ever shall
have, a Secretary of the Treasury—certainly not
the present one—who, if he did not want to erect
a building, could-not find a good reason, and if
he does find a good reason, that answers the pur-
pose; and if he has friends here they can argue
his case very plausibly. The ground I take is,
that when we supplied money that year, we sup-
plied the money as much for that law as any other
law, and yet he continually says there is no money
m the Treasury, and has been none all the time.
The Senator from Georgia told us the other day
that we are flush, that we shall have §7,000,000
over next July.
Mr. TOOMBS. Leaving out these appropria-
tions. {
Mr. SIMMONS. Leaving them out or putting ,
them in. . i
Mr. TOOMBS. Not putting them in. '
Mr. SIMMONS. These appropriations, I un-
derstand, are only about half a million.
Mr. TOOMBS. Two millions. I
Mr. SIMMONS. I guess not; but I have not ,
added them up; but suppose they are $2,000,000; \
take that from the $7,000,000 which the Senator
says we shall have on the 1st of July, and there
will be $5,000,000 still left. Then, the difficulty
is not as to the money. I am not contending that
it ought all to be spent at once. I have not said
that it was not wise to limit the expenditures, per
annum, under a tight money market. What I
complain of is, that an executive officer should
assume to select out particular laws that he will
not execute, and particular ones that he will.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask the Senator,
then, what he would have the Secretary do ? He
was ordered to execute both laws; he could not
execute both.
Mr- SIMMONS. I should like to know why
he could not?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Simply because he had
not the money. The Senator says he finds rea-
sons for not building. It is a great deal easier
to find reasons for'not building than money to
build.
Mr. SIMMONS. There has been no time,
since we passed the Treasury note bill, that the
Secretary has not been amply supplied with mo-
ney; for, before he issued the whole of those
Treasury notes, we gavehim a loan of$20,000,000;
and he did not negotiate the last of it until eight
or nine months after the-loan was authorized.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator must recollect that
the loan of $20,000,000 was for another fiscal
year. He did not have any $40,000,000 of loan
in any one year.
Mr. SIMMONS.i He was authorized to issue
that loan, if I recollect right, at any time he
needed money, fie negotiated one half of it last
August, and the other half this winter. I am not
complaining that he negotiated it too soon or too
late; but I say he has had money in his posses-
sion , or the means to raise it, ever since we passed
the Treasury note bill. I have never undertaken
to arraign him or complain of him for hi^ esti-
mates. I have merely alluded to the fact that he
made a statement on the 8th of December, 1857,
that he had money enough to last to the 1st of
July next, and would have four or five million
dollars left, and I have said it was singular that
he should come here, in a single week after that
and ask for $20,000,000 to carry on the Govern-
ment. 1 presume no man will pretend that there
was any such alteration in circumstances, between
the 8th and 15th of December, a year ago, as to
cause such a difference in the estimates of receipts.
There was a very sudden change. Of course,
everybody must know, at least it is-natural to
suppose, as I did, that the first report was made
for circulation in the country, and the other was
brought in sooner, perhaps, than he expected
when he made the regular report. I know that,
in times of embarrassed commerce, it is difficult
to make exact estimates; but I know further, that
nothing happened between the 8th and 15th of
December, to cause such a difference as $20,000,000
in the estimates of receipts. I do not propose to
prolong this debate. I think it is better to con-
tinue these appropriations without any direction
about expending them.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall be allowed
to take the question. There area good many
amendments to be acted on,and surely we ought
to get through with this bill to-night.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not at all sympathize
with my friend from Virginia, as to the import-
ance of taking a vote at once, because this Post
Office business is one of the greatest questions we
have before this Congress, in- my judgment, and
I think it ought to be thoroughly understood. I
do not think we could spend the time better from
now until Friday, than in determining the great
questions connected with this postal bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the nextamendment
will open up an interesting inquiry on that sub-
ject. Jt proposes a limitation.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, I want to say a word
in reference to the Treasury on this proposition.
My friend from Rhode Island has particular ideas,
and there are some people here who have got
them. They want to make a necessity for public
taxes. I do not. It is not worth while for us to
deceive one another. We are all grown men,
above thirty years of age. We need not cheat
one another, and it is not worth our while to at-
tempt to cheat our constituents. I have very
rarely, I regret to say it, an occasion to commend
the stringency of the Executive Departments.
The present Secretary of the Treasury is a gen-
tleman from my State. He is my friend. lie is
a good man; a true man, who wants to carry on
this Government upon the very best principles;
and there is no act he has done, connected with
the Treasury Department, that I do not approve.
I wish some other people would understand the
disinterestedness of this declaration. When he
took possession of your Treasury Department,
at the beginning of the last fiscal year, he had the
control of $17,000,000. He believed, according
to the general impression of the country, that he
would have an abundance of money to go through
the fiscal year 1857-58. At the call of New York
and of New England and the whole North, and
against my judgment, as communicated to him,
he carried out yourexisting law by buying in the
outstanding debt at a premium. He was urged
to do it by the press of all your commercial cities;
he was urged to do it by those who represented
the great commercial classes. He was lauded all
over the northern country for doing it. I doubted
the propriety of it at the time. I did not believe
in it. 1 thought I saw more trouble in the future
than he did; but he being in this focus, being sur-
rounded by northern men, commercial men, ha
thought it was best to use the money in the sub-
Treasury,which was said to be lying idle, in order
to buy up the public debt, and relieve the bank-
ing and commercial classes. That v.'as bis error.
I do not pretend to say that I should not have
committed it myself, under the same circum-
stances. I think, with the same bad influences,
I should have done so; but being in a remote part
of the South at the time", standing on my own
•estate, looking on unembarrassed by the influences
around him, 1 judged differently; but I do not
pretend to say that I was wiser than he. 1 think
that if I were in the same position that he was, I
should have decided as he did. He was daily
and hourly besought by telegraph, by press, and
by people, to relieve the commercial classes of
New York. It was said that that was the high-
est interest of the Republic, and he spent that
$17,000,000 in that way; and he is called in ques-
tion for it this day. I doubt whether there was
a paper or a man in Rhode Island who did not
approve of the policy at the time. There is a
great deal of difference between observers'and the
men engaged in a fight; and those who are look-
ing on think they can do it a great deal better
than those who are engaged, especially after the
action has taken place; and that was the trouble
here. He spent $17,000,000" to relieve the coun-
try,"that is the cant phrase, as it is just now
" to relieve labor." My friend from Pennsyl-
vania says fifty or sixty thousand people are out
of work, and we ought to put them to work. He
has the fallacious idea in his brain that we must
furnish .work for those who have no work. Sir,
Government cannot do it, and never did it. There
never was a Government in the world which dill
not ruin the people they attempted to benefit by
such a course. Governments do not regulate
wages.
In October, 1857, when the convulsion came
on, the Secretary of the Treasury found himself
with $80,000,000 of appropriation, and that ap-
propriation was based upon the $17,000,000 of
surplus and $56,000,000 from imports. The im-
ports did not come; the money did not come; he
did not have it. When he found that his money
was insufficient, he looked and saw that he had
$80,000,000 of appropriation. He-found an ap-
propriation for a custom-house in Tennessee, a
custom-house in North Carolina, and post offices
where, God knows, they ouglit never to haife
been, and never could have been obtained but by
combinations which ought not to be sustained by
this body. I do not say anything about the North;
I am speaking now of the South—my country;
I am passing my censures on my own. The Sec-
retary found that he had $80,000,000 to supply
out of $50,000,000 of money in the Treasury.
What was he to do? What was his duty ? What
was the du ty of a patriot and an honest man ? He
must maintain the Government; he must main-
tain it at home; he must maintain it abroad; he
must keep it in operation. A custom-house was
not important in North Carolina;acustom-house
was not necessary at Knoxville; because, you
might go into the railroad office and pay your
duties; for I understand there never were any im-
portations there except of railroad iron, and it
was easy to step up to the counter in the railroad
office and pay every dollar of the duties. By met
spending the money for that custom-house, the
Secretary could save $110,000. As a wise, honest,
and just man, he said, " I will carry on the Gov-
| eminent of my country; I will maintain its Army;
I will maintain its Navy; I will maintain its for-
eign relations; I will spend what is necessary to
keep the Government in motion ; but, in this great
calamity, I will cu£ oft" those things which can be
best spared; I will cut off the custom-houses at
Ogdensburg, at Nashville, at Knoxville, and at
Raleigh." Did he not do right? Put it to the
people anywhere in any of those States, and, in
i my judgment, there cannot be found one man in
ten who will not say that he acted right. I say
