1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he acted right. I would have done the same thing.
I assume every particle of his action in that re-
spect, though 1 am not at all responsible for it.
I say it was proper for him to apply the money !
first to maintain the great interests of the Gov- i
ernment; to carry on its Army, its Navy, its ju- !
diciary,and its foreign policy; and to postpone ;
those things frhich might as well be done ten or
twenty years hence, or never done. He had
$80,000,000 of appropriations and but $50,000,000
of receipts, and he said he would expend the
$50,000,000 for those purposes necessary to main-
tain the Government. That is all the Secretary
of the Treasury did.
You gave him the sum of $50,000,000 to carry
out $80,000,000 of appropriations for things, some j
of which were never necessary to be done. Was
it important to the Republic that the Ogdensburg
custom-house should be built? Was it important
that a custom-house should be built at Knoxville
or Nashville? It might be a convenience; it might,
perhaps, be wise, if we had plenty of money; hut
when the question was presented to a public man
of this country, whether or not his Government
should come to a stand-still and carry out a
scheme of jobbers, he did not hesitate. He would
have been unworthy of my friendship if he had
hesitated. He did not hesitate for an instant; he
despises the clamor which is raised upon these
questions. So do I. There is no true man in
America who does not approve his conduct; not
an honest man, in my judgment, according to my
idea of ffonesty. I do not judge for other people;
I may have a peculiar sort.
I say that, when you tell him to spend $1,000
and he had but $900, it was his duty to spend the |
$900 for the public service, to maintain his Gov- ]
ernment; and not to spend the $100 for unneces- j
sary jobs. 1 think he did what became a states-
man and a Secretary of the Treasury. i
Among these appropriations there is one of |
$50,000 foracustom-houseand postofficein North j
Carolina. Mr. President, you are a North Car- ]
olinian, [Mr. Reid'm the chair,] and I am sorry I
to say that that $50,000 is worth the two votes j
from that State. Such is the distemper of the •
times that, if Senators can get an appropriatio-u j
for their own States, they are willing to override i
every other interest to obtain a mere local advant- j
age. The appropriation for Raleigh, I think, is ,
good for your vote, and that of my friend over the ;
way, [Mr. Clingman-.] That is one of the dif- j
ficulues we have in carrying on this Government; |
that $50,000 to one State will secure the vote of ;
two Senators for spending $2,000,000 in places !
where nobody believes it neccssary. |
My friend from Rhode Island wants protec- j
tion; he wants high tariffs and increased taxes. 1
So he goes for piling on these expenditures. The !
Republican party here speak constantly about re- j
trenchment; but go to any specific appropriation,
and you will find that fifteen out of their twenty :
votes are good for every appropriation that has !
ever been moved since I sat in this Chamber. '
There never was a day since I have sat here, and ^
there has been a Republican party", that any ap- :
propriation which was proposed was not good i
for three fourths of their votes. When you go to 1
the country, you expect to hold the Democrats j
responsible,although you yourselves furnish the .
principal votes to carry these appropriations. ;
God knows, if you would give us a better Gov-
ernment, if you would give us an Administration
that would bring us down to an economical basis, :
and spend no more than was necessary for the
proper wants of the Government, I would be con- '
tent with a bKck Republican Administration, for
I believe the worst of all curses is corruption. If
you could give me any indication that you would
manage the Government fairly and honestly, if,
your quarrel was not more about who should get
the pickings, rather than about the expenditures,
I assure you I would look with great compla- -
eency to the results of the future; but I do not see
it. i do not see the least prospect for retrench- ,
mentfrom you. Whatever there is that promises
to carry on this Government upon honest prin- ;
ciples, whatever there is that promises toprotoct
labor against legislation, I find in the Democratic
party. They are few and feeble; you beat me
every day, and J expect you will continue to do !
it. You may drive me out, not by your votes, ;
but by the mere disgust of finding that money is |
too powerful for a Government controlled like
this, and that you are unfit to manage the reve-
nues of thirty millions of people, as great and
prosperous as we are; and before God and my
country, that is my honest judgment. Local in-
fluences operate—I do not speak now of section-
alism; it is not sectional—it is just as well at the
South as at the North. Gentlemen have alluded
to-day to the New Orleans custom-house. I think
that wasa grand mistake. We havespent three or
four millions there. I thought they would give us a
custom-house; but when 1 was there two or three
years ago, I saw it was crank-sided, and I think
it was a very bad expenditure of public money.
My friend from Tennessee says there has been
more appropriated for that custom-house than
would build his custom-houses at Knoxville and
Nashville. Thatis true. That was a great abuse,
and I think his was; but I do not believe the coun-
try will gain anything by setting off"abuses against
each other, it reminds me of a friend of mine,
who pleaded a set-off in slander. [Laughter.] An
old friend of mine, who was a judge in Georgia,
had to try an action of slander. I brought an ac-
tion of slander for my client against one who had
spoken badly of him, and he pleaded, as a set-off,
that my client had said a devilish sight worse
things of him! It seems to me that setting the
New Orleans custom-house against the Tennes-
see custom-houses, is like a set-off in slander. I
want to cut them all off, and I take them as they
come. All abuses are natural allies, and 1 want
to take them as they come.
1 do not recollect that my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] was particulaily involved in this
custom-house business; but I will tell him a little
secret, between ourselves, as to how these appro-
priations happened to be made. Mr. Pierce
vetoed the Patapsco river improvement bill. I
stood by his veto, i was against the whole busi-
ness. When he sent that veto to the Senate, we
sustained it by one vote. A motion to reconsider
was made. It went on until about the last night
of the session, and then there was an anxiety, on
the part of some gentlemen fiom Maryland, to
have that improvement bill passed; and a very
nice little arrangement was made. I do not im-
plicate the gentleman at my right [Mr. Peauce]
in it, because I do not think he was a parry to it;
but Maryland had two Senators at that time. He
was not in the arrangement, for he never trades;
but it is not always that he has had gentlemen as
colleagues who have the same idea. We sustained
the veto of the Patapsco river bill. These very
custom-houses, which we are now considering;
were beaten, too. They passed over for a day.
A gentleman, then, from western Tennessee, a
friend of mine—Governor Jones—was interested
in these custom-house appropriations. A Senator
from Maryland, the colleague of my friend, said:
" I-will beat yourcourt-housesand custom-houses
unless you give us the river improvement bill."
The result was, that you reconsidered the vote
sustaining Mr. Piercers veto, and beat me in the
business; and thatis the way these custom-house
appropriations commenced. It was a traffic; it
was a trade; it did not have the judgment of the
Senate. They put in a sufficient number of States
to get enough votes; and I suppose they would
have taken me in, if I would consent to trade.
Very likely, they would have put in an appropri-
ation for Augusta, Georgia—and some of my
friends wanted it, so as to get me into the scrape;
but that is not a fair way of carrying on the Gov-
ernment, in my judgment. I have some old-
i fashioned notions, that this thing of bargaining
i in legislation will not do. They may be foolish
i opinions; some people say they are; but I would
j not go into it, and the result was, that when we
had sustained the veto of the President of the
United States on the Patapsco river bill, and
when these appropriations for custom-houses and
; court-houses and post offices were defeated, they
! were reconsidered, and carried by overriding the
1 veto of the Patapsco river bill, lhat is the whole
i truth about it.
j I have stated these instances, because I do not
, wantto attack gentlemen from theNorth. I wish
i it was true that they had the monopoly of this
i kind of legislation. I wish to God they had; but
| I cannot in truth and honesty say that they have,
! because I believe that $100,000, put in almost any
! State 1 know, from here to the Rio Grande, will
■ have a very mollifying effect in the Senate of the
United States.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have but a word or two
to say in reply to the Senator from Georgia.
In point of fact, much that he has said I approve
of'; but the Senator is mistaken on two points.
He is mistaken if he supposes there is any appro-
priation for a custom-house in North Carolina,.
Such is not the fact. There is an appropriation
for a court-house where a Federal court is
and a post office. • -
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope my friend understands
me. They are all of one sort. They proposed
to build a court-house in Illinois, at a pla<5e where
there never was a Federal court held, and put a
post office down in your country.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no doubt the Sen-
ator can find bad appropriations in Illinois and
other places. I do not mean to defend them. I
was about to say, however, that there is a court
regularly hofdenat Raleigh, and the Government
now pays considerable rent for a post office build-
ing there. Without knowing precisely how much
is paid for rent, I think it quite possible that an
appropriation of $50,000 will not lose the Govern-
ment any money. X supported it on that ground.
That, therefore, is-a mistake of the gentleman.
His second mistake i& in supposing that you and
I, Mr. President, if we shall vote for this proviso,
do so merely because it spends money in North
Carolina. I think that, as the Government .is
obliged to rent a post office, and obliged to renta
court-house there, it might as well make an ap-
propriation for erecting a proper budding, the
cost of which shall notexceed the amount already
appropriated.
Mr. TOOMBS. I tell my friend that I should
be sorry to suppose that $50,000 would carry tw^>
votes from North Carolina; but, as God is my
judge, I think it has something to do with it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CLiNGMAN. I have pointed out one
mistake which the Senator from Georgia has
made. While I do not affirm that he is oftener
wrong than I am, I am willing to compare my
record with his from the time we both entered
Congress, and see whose course is most economi-
cal. Atpresent, I will not interfere with the wishes
of the Senator from Virginia, whois very anxious
to get a vote on this question.
Mr. SIMMONS. Ail of us have some peculiari-
ties that render us subject to the attacks of the
Senator from Georgia. He says that I go for all
these appropriations, and for high taxes. Now,
I should like him to point out one of these appro-
priations that I ever voted for.
Mr. TOOM BS. I think it is the Administration
that wants high taxes. My friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Bigler] is the man. He wants
high taxes for an excuse; but I think you really
want an honest administration of the revenue ser-
vice. I take all back that I said about you, and
make the amende honorable.
Mr. SIMMONS. Very well; now as to my
State. The Senator says that m Rhode Island
we approved the conduct of the Secretary of the
Treasury in buying in the Government bonds. In
the first place, that sum of money never waa
spent. I think he only spent about three million
dollars for that purpose.
Mr. TOOMJBS. Five million dollars.
Mr. SIMMONS. Only $3^)00,000 after July,
I think. I believe some bond| were purchased
before he came in. I am sure it was not more
thaH $3,000,000. I have no doubt he did it under
a belief that he would relieve the evils of the sub-
Treasuries piling up money; and it is the wick-
edest thing, when there is no money in the coun-
try, to be locking up com in the sub-Treasury;
and yet he boasts continually about how well it
works. Every timo he makes a report he says
the sub-Treasury works admirably; and yet the
f Committee on Claims have had fourteen applica-
I tions this session to pay officers for money that
1 has been stolen from the sub-Treasury, but we are
! told we never lose a dollar by it. My friend from
j Georgia can make just as good a speech as if the
1 j Secretary had spent $17,000,000, because he spent
jj what he did spend in a good cause. X never have
'i voted for one of these appropriations, but there
!| is one thing X have said, and I repeat, that if we
' have extravagance anywhere, I would rather have
it in buildings than anything else; because then
we get something for it; but extravagance for of-
ficers is worse than useless, because you corrupt
the men as well as expend the money. I have
