THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 15, 1859.
New Series No. 24.
rect rule, would largely exceed its present amount, j
1 believe the committee have simply incorporated '
into this bill the present English rule of measure- j
ment, which was adopted by them m 1853, and !
which has been ascertained in practice to be a |
good rule. Why, then, shall we not adopt it if it 1
ascertains the exact carrying capacity of vessels ? ,
"Why not be exactly right, rather than be approx- ,
imately right? j
In one other respect this bill chances the ex- :
isting law; and that is, in respect to the collection •
of hospital moneys. To that question the gen- j
tleman from New York [Mr. Clark] addressed i
himself ably and elaborately. If I understand the ;
bill, it proposes to change the mode by which the ]
money shall be collected. According' to the pres- i
erit law, it is collected by the owners of vessels j
from the sailors. It has been ascertained that it i
cannot be collected in that way; and this bill pro- j
poses to charge those dues, not in the first place I
to the sailors, but to the tonnage of the country, ]
and make that tonnage responsible. In that way |
it can be collected. According to tlffc statement ,
of the chairman of the Committee on Commerce, |
only about half of the sum necessary for hospital i
purposes was collected under the present system, j
But I have no particular feeling in relation to that j
part of the bill. I feel, with the gentleman from ;
New York, a.-love for the sailor. My whole heart j
, goes with him, and my vote shall ever be found j
upon his side. I thought, when the gentleman f
from New York [Mr. Clark] was making his :
speech, he assailed rather the administration of |
the law than the law itself. I was touched by the I
monstrous conduct of the official in the case he •
brought forward to illustrate the bad administra- :
tion ofthc present law. 1, with him, will denounce '
that man, and would point the finger of scorn at j
})im as lon£ as I could find him; but because he i
was a bad'man, and would not admit the poor j
sailor to the rights to which he wasentitled, when j
sick and disabled, is that a reason why there should j
be no law? If the gentleman from New York can .
propose'any practical amendment by which the:
rights of the sailor may be secured, i assure him
that I will give that amendment my hearty sup- ,
port. I
In another respect this bill changes the present ;
law. The present law requires that three fourths
of the sailors on board of a coasting vessel shall
be American citizens, and in our foreign trade j
two thirds; and if the vessel do not carry that \
proportion of American citizens, the ship is sub- 1
ject to pains and penalties. This is ascertained
to be physically impossible. I believe that the j
highest estimate made only counts about ten out j
of a hundred sailors in our service as Ameucan i
citizens. So' you see that it is physically impos-
sible to have them; and that portion of this bill
having reference to this matter, if it shall pass,
will relieve the consciences, at least, of those who
have been in the habit of making singular cus-
tom-house oaths. So much, then, of the bill is,
good.
Next, sir, we come to the apprentice system,
upon winch my friend from New York has just
now poured out such a volume of objection. I
have not given this part of the bill the examina-
tion I intend to before casting my vote. It is, it
seems to me, a burning shame, that only ten men
in every hundred of those who navigate our mighty
commerce are American Citizens. Thisisa method
by which it is proposed to relieve thatevil. There
is* nothing involuntary on the part of the appren-
tice. It does him no harm. Every kind of guard
is furnished—indeed, it is stated that there are too
many guards—for his protection. It may be that
the ship-owner will think so, but I do not think
that there can be loo many. I would amond^the
bill as suggested by the gentleman from New
York, and ilx the use beyond or under which an
apprentice should not enter upon a ship; and, sir,
with that change, so far as apprentices are con-
cerned, the hill meets with my hearty approval,
unless, indeed, something shall be developed
against it of which I have now no knowledge.
1 confess that the involuntary part of it seems to
24
me to be a little harsh, and I do not know that
there is such an overwhelming necessity in the
country to Americanize our sailors as to justify
the putting of this part of it upon our ship-owners.
But may not there be a compensation resulting
from this part of the bill to the ship-owner? Does
he not get the steady services of an American boy,
not for one year, but for more than one year ? Is
he not relieved from the payment of wages? Does
not the tonnage of the vessel receive an abatement
from what is charged upon it, according to the
present law, for the hospital fund ? There are large
compensations which will flow to the ship-owner
under its provisions. But at present I shall not
commit myself for or against that portion of the
bill.
Mr. BRANCH. Before the gentleman leaves
that point, I would like lo ask him a question. As
I understand the policy of our laws, they afford
protection to the ship-builders by prohibiting the
use of foreign-built ships in the United States,
except under heavy burdens. There is also pro-
tection afforded to the ship-owner m giving him
a monopoly of the coasting trade. Protection, too,
is afforded to the American sailor, by requiring that
a certain proportion of sailors employed on each
vessel shall be American citizens Do I understand
the gentleman from Massachusetts to say that
the ship-owner, after he has token advantage of
the protection afforded to him by the law, deprives
the American sailor of the protection that the law
affords to him, by making false oaths ot the cus-
tom-house? Is that the common practice of ship-
owners of this country : Are they in the lmbit of
thus depriving American sailors of the protection
which the law extends to them ?
Mr. B (J R LIN G A MS. I make no charge. I
only state what i have heard is the practice. I
understand that at the present time it is utterly
impossible to meet the requirements of the law
in this respect. I do not know how the captain
gets round the law; bn^I learn that he does it in
some way or other. The s-.iioiv, I believe, take
the custom-house oath; and they may repiesent
themselves to the cupiaui to be American citizens,
when in reality theyaiu not. i seek for light on
this question myself. There js the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Mor..:;,] who 1.5 a practical
whip-builder and ship-siuior. at d probably the
only one 111 the House;.and he may toll us some-
thing on this point.
Mr. MOUSE, of Maine. It is not the owner
or the master who takes a false oath, but the
sailor goes to the custom-housr, gets ujs protec-
tion, and when he carries it to the master, the
master is obliged to receive it.
Mr. BRANCH. I seek only for information.
I represent no ship-owners. I want information;
and I seek it in good f.uth. I understand now
from the gentleman from Massachusetts and the
gentleman ftom Aluine—whether thcie cire false
oaths or not—that, undei the prae'aee, foreign
sailors are allowed to come m unJ deprive the
; American sailor of the pi election affoided inrn
by the laws of the country.
Mr. BURLINGAME. If there is any fault,
perhaps it should bechaiged to the custom-house
'officers. There is such an evil m nur practice as
has been icfened to, tuid so far as my vote will
go, I Will £*ve it to remedy it. I think this bill
marches in the rigiit direction.
Mr. FOSTERr 1 merely wish to ?ay this:
when ships are m foreign ports, oftentimes they
cannot obtain the proportion of American sailors
required by law, and thev' are foreed to return and
undergo the line [Mr. Burungame. Of fifty cents
per ton] imposed by the law. There was a case
of a ship which returned to New York under
those cucumstances. i would have called the at-
tention of Congress to it, if this bill had not been
brought up.
Mr. BRANCH. Then the result is, that while
the ship-builder and ship-owner get the protection
the law designed for them, the poor sailor, whether
by the fault of the captain or of the custom-house
officer, or of the foreign sailors, is deprived of the
protection the law assigned for him.
Mr. BURLINGAME. That is the evil which
I wish corrected; so that no hardship may fall -
anywhere.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. I wish to say in this •
connection, as my colleague [Mr. Foster"] 'has
left that matter unexplained, that our ships have
often to pay a fine in consequenceof being obliged
to bring home crews from abroad, of whom two
thirds are not American citizens. This is often
done. 1 know of one ship that has twice paid in
New York a fine of fifty cents per ton for this viola-
tion of the law; and as her tonnage was one thou-
sand tons, the fine amounted to $500 each time. If 4
it can be shown that American sailors could not
have been obtained, the fine is usually not im-
posed. But m these cases, although it was utterly*
impossible for the ship to have obtained American
sailors, the proper course, perhaps, was not taken
to prove it; therefore the fine was imposed. This
bill, I believe, proposes to relieve ship-owners from
this fine.
Mr. BURLINGAME. And so faritis an im-
provement on the present law.
Mr. GILMAN. 1 can give an instance of the
hardship of the law. 1 know a vessel whose crew
deserted at Elsinore. The captain could not bring
her home without getting a foreign crew. Of
course, when she arrived at the custom-house at
Boston, he was obliged to pay tho fine, rather
than have the vessel exposed to delay and loss of
property.
Mr. BURLINGAME. There is another pro-
vision of this bill which meets my hearty con-
currence. It is that which requires a special
license for a ship trading to the western coast of
Africa. I will not dwell on tl;is provision; but I
believe that under Jt, when a special license is
asked, the collector of the port will send inspect-
ors to examine the ship, and to ascertain the mo-
tive of her voyage. This is not a substitute for
the law as it at present stands. It does not change
the lav/ at all. But, if I understand it, this comes
in as an auxiliary to the present law.
There are other portions of this bill which meet
with my approval. There are still other portion^
of it which 1 have not yet fully examined, and to
which I am not prepared to say whether I will
sustain them ornot. But I will present to this bill,
and hope the members of the House and of the
committee will meet it in a like spirit, an attitude
of fairness. I desire that, substantially, it may
pass; and I trust that whoever shall submit his
criticisms upon it, will not do so in a spirit of hy-
percnticism, but with an honest and sincere pur-
pose of perfecting the bill. I presume that those
who are most in favor of the bill are perfectly will-
ing to submit to many amendments; to submit to
have it amended even so as to make it a simple
codification of the revenue laws. 1, for one, am
willing, if we cannot otherwise pass the bill, to
submit to amendments going as far as that; and,
if I understand the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Clark,] such is his attitude toward the bill.
He does not desire to destroy it.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. There are a few
good things in the bill.
Mr. BURLINGAME. The gentleman says
there are a few good things in it. 1 may perhaps
differ from him somewhat, and say that there are
many good things in it. And if, m regard to the
chapter about apprentices, he will draw up an
amendment that will perfect the system , and secure
the rights and interests of the poor sailor, whose
interests he and I and the whole House have at
heart, i will go heartily for his amendment. If
he cannot vote for the bill without striking out
all that relates to apprentices, and if it wiU be ne-
cessary to do so to save the rest ofthe bill, I will
perhaps go with him in that amendment. But it
was uot my purpose, Mr. Chairman, to enter
upon an elaborate discussion of this bill. I may,
when it is being read over by sections for amend-
ment, find many things in it which I will desire
to amend. It is a bill so long, and comprehend-
ing so many complex provisions, that we must
take much of it on faith. I shall certainly exam-
ine the bill as carefully as I can. I shall listen
