14512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
will silence this clamor from all directions; and 1
his constituents will be in no danger. |
I move to amend the amendment of the i1 in&nce |
Committee by adding to it: i
And also in regard to tlif* income and expenses of alt the I
mail routes in Uie United Siau-s. \
Mr. HUN TER. I should like to have that in-
formation. I do r ot think information can hurt
us at all; but how many clerks does the Senator
propose to have employed, in order to answer
that inquiry ?
Mr. TOOMBS. You have twice as many now
as you need.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the object aimed
at by these amendments is laudable enough, but
itdoesnotseem to me that they are exactly drawn
in the manner to elicit the legitimate purpose de-
signed. It is true, that some of our most expen-
sive and most important routes in the United
States produce very Uttle income. Take, for in-
stance, the large mail route from New York to
Philadelphia, and Philadelphia to Baltimore, and j
Baltimore to Washington.. Except in those cities :
themselves, there is very little postage received j
from those routes. Take the route from here to \
New Orleans, passing through Richmond and
Montgomery and Mobile. Except in those cities
the route furnishes very little postage, and its ex-
pense is very great; but it canies the great mail
connecting Louisiana and the lower part of the
Mississippi region of country, with New York
and the northern region. The amount of post-
ages received on a particular route, furnish no
criterion as to whether you can discontinue that
route with regard to the public service; but after
all, there may be probably a greatdeal of inform-
ation derived and good done m relation to many
routes in the United Slates, and especially coach
routes, and horse routes, by having this informa-
tion.
It is not exactly true, as I view it, that you can
tell how much is derived on each route. We for-
merly had a great deal of practice in that respect,
because it was the custom of the Department, un-
til the limitation which I mentioned was taken
off, when it was asked to increase the service on
any route, immediately to ascertain what was the
income of the route. Suppose a mail was sent
once a week: we immediately endeavored to as-
certain whether we could make it twice a week or
three times a week, by ascertaining what we got
upon it. We did that by first taking the amount
of postages received from the post offices upon ;
the routes. There would of course be connections j
at each end. We would take the income of the '
post offices on the route, and then deduct a pro >
rata, according to the importance of the mails term- j
inating at.each end of the route; and in this way
■we ascertained the income of each route. That
can be done in relation to all those routes which
are strictly local, which are for the benefit of the
region they supply; but when a route becomes a
part of j long line of service, the postage received
on it is no criterion at all. You must have that
route for the purpose of making up the. whole
line of your connection. Hut, in relation to local
mails and routes for local supply, you can ascer-
tain what is their income compared with the ex-
pense of transportation upon tlieiri. You cannot
compute their proportion of all the expenses of
the Department;^! would be difficult or impos-
sible to get at that, but you can get at the ex-
pense of transpoi tation and at the income of a
particular route, if it is merely a local one.
x\fter the limitation by which the Postmaster
General was confined to the income of the De-
partment was taken oft', I presume pretty much
all the service that was applied for was granted.
I do not think it was altogether, but it was pretty
generally. There is a species of service called
special service, which is let out for the income of
the route itself; but this is not among the adver-
tised service. That is called special service at
the Department, and has nothing to do with what
I am talking of. I say, in relation to thecontract
service of the Department, pretty much all that
has been asked for has been granted. They are
not in the practice now of looking at the route to
see whether there is any income from it. If this
limitation were put on, if the Postmaster General
were brought within a reasonable tether again, I
say he will look to the unproductive routes, as
he formerly did. That will bring him to it at
once. He will look at the routes,and ascertain
those on which he ought to diminish the service.
He will not discontinue a route merely for the
reason that it is unproductive; but he may take
off daily service, or tri-weekly service, or semi-
weekly service, from it, and reduce it to weekly
service, and not put us to the expense of keeping
up a daily supply on a route that does not really
need more than a weekly supply. That was the
way it was done before, and that is the way it
will be done again, provided he is limited down;
but without a limitation it never will be done,.and
he may make these examinations and report them
to Congress as much as you please, and nothing
will be done. There never was a line of mail
service in the United States discontinued by act
of Congress. Whenever they have been discon-
tinued, it has been the act of the Department, and
it always will be so. Congress cannot tell what
mails ought to be run and what not. Congress,
every session, makes a large list of post routes;
but the Department is not bound to set up service
on them. 1 undertake to say there is not' a mail
run 011 more than three fourths of the mail routes
of the United States to-day. There is more than
one fourth, and I think more than one third, of
all the routes which are declared -mail routes by
act of Congress, that have no mail on them to-
day. Some have had a mail, and it has been
taken off; some have never had a mail at all.
They are set up entirely in the exercise of the
discretion of the Department; but as long as you
give that Department all the money they choose
to use, they will set up everything; and not only
set up routes, but will increase the service upon
them to semi-weekly, tri-weekly,and daily, with-
out any necessity at all, or at least when the ne-
cessity exists only to a very slight degree, and
there is no income to justify it. I have no ob-
jection to having this report, but it will do no
good, becausc the action of Congress as to dis-
continuing service upon'mail routes is a thing
that never was done, and never will be done, in
this Government.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to collecting the inform-
ation. 1 can sec in it no other result than the
employment of a certain number of clerks to col-
lect that which will be as idle as if they were to
present to us columns of figures without any
meaning. It will be nothing but the aggregation
of abstract numbers having no relation concrete
to anything. To show that some route pays less
by one half than it costs to maintain it, is to show
nothing, because it conveys to us no idea of the
relations which that route may have as a middle
link in some chain of correspondence, a rural
link in a chain which connects two great com-
mercial cities-together. Take that link away,
and it will be impossible to continue the connec-
tion between those commercial cities.
Mr. BIGLER. Take the link from here to
Baltimoie.
Mr. DAVIS. That mightbe a very good illus-
tration, but there are many others much stronger
than that. When you get more remote from the
great commercial marts, you may find some link
of one or two huudred miles where the postage
received will be merely nominal, the letters pass-
ing over it to some distant point, and connecting
itself with a great commercial emporium, which
is the other initial point of the line.
I dislike the pioposition in another sense. It
is part of thatsystem which has,fiom day today,
been presented of discriminating between this
place and that place, one section or the other,
which was receiving more than it paid, in this or
that relation. It is entirely illusory. Reference
was made, the other day, to the State of Missis-
sippi^ not paying, in postage, as much as it re-
ceived in postal service. Gentlemen who make
these references forget that they select the only
thing from which the South derives any particular
benefit from the Federal Government. They
forget their own great navy-yards; they forget
their custom-houses; they forget the court-houses
which in modern times are erected within the
limits of the States for Federal courts. They for-
get the vast expenditures for fortifications which
surround every commercial city; they forget the
maintenance of the Army and Navy, from which
the interior States, the State of Mississippi, for in-
stance, receive nothing, ask nothing. They select
this single instance of mail routes, forgetful of all
the other expenditures which are received in their
own States, or, if not forgetful, at least concealing
them, and array the only thing on which they
could make a point, and continue from day to day
here with unjust discrimination. 1 have no taste
for this discussion, for this controversy. I do not
consider it in the interest of a particular locality
that a navy-yard is maintained there, or a fortifi-
cation built. I look upon them both as designed
for the common defense, to be sustained out of
the public Treasury; and so I do every mail route
within the limits of the' United States. It is a
subject of which the Federal Government have
charge. Out of the Federal Treasury they ought
to maintain it. To seek, in this spirit of econ-
omy, to find where some mail route pays less than
half the cost of transportation, and to strike it
down,.whilst you leave the other vast expendi-
tures standing, is gross injustice to the rural and
interior districts. As well might we inquire whether
some vast navy-yard, sustained at millions of ex-
penditure, was returning to the Government one
half the costof the annual benefits it conferred ott
the Navy? As well might we raise the question
whether the fortifications were bringing back one
half the expenditure of their construction and
maintenance? They are part and parcel, all of
them, of the great duties of the Federal Govern-
ment; and it is not statesmanship to attempt thia
discrimination in relation to a particular subject.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know whether my
opinions are statesmanship or not; but they are
entirely variant from those of the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi; and they are my own ideas.
I do not consider his views statesmanship at all;
and therefore, we stand fair on that point. He
does not consider my views, and I do not consider
his, as statesmanship. •
When you come to the question of the financial
operations of this Government, I start from avery
different stand-point from the honorable Senator
from Mississippi. When you speak to me of a
fortification, if you spend $10,000,000 for one in
Maine, and it be necessary for the public defense,
I do not expect to get one dollar from it. Why?
Because the public defense is a unit. Every man
in the Republic, and everydollarin the Republic,
is committed to the maintenance ef every other
man and every other dollar in it. It is not a ques-
tion of money. It was not the policy of our
fathers to make it a money question. We have
made no dollars from fortifications; we expect no
return from fortifications; we expect none from
public defense anywhere—none from the Navy,
none from the Army. The only question is,
whether, in a wise policy, such an establishment
both for Army and Navy as will defend us from
aggression from without should be maintained?
But when you come to the Post Office Depart-
ment, it stands on a different principle. In the old
Confederation, as the Senator himself showed, I
think, in a resolution which he read to the Senate
the other dav, the foundation of our policy was,
that the States gave Congress the power to levy
sufficient postage to carry on the postal service.
Postal service is no part of the national duty. It
is of no more importance to the people of the
United States that this Government should carry
my cotton, than that it should carry my letters,
or my books, or any other thing—my patent med-
icines, if I dealt in them. To maintain the Uni-
ted States against its enemies within and without,
to put up military establishments adequate to that
purpose, is just and proper, and according to the
fundamental principles of the Government; but
when you come to your postal system, it is to
distribute letters among the people of the United
States; and the principle adopted in the beginning
was, that the whole service should pay the whole
expense. That was not exactly abstract justice,
but it was in some sort an approximation to it. I
do not defend it on the principle of exact justice.
The true principle is, that every man should pay
for carrying his own letters; and so far as you
depart from it, you depart from my judgment of
statesmanship. The true ground is, that every
man should pay what it costs for carrying his let-
ters; and every departure from that principle is a
departure from the true line. It is not the case in
the public defense; it is not the case in forts; it is
not the case in ships; because there the benefit is
wholly indivisible; but when you come to mails
the case is different. The whole reason why the
mails were seized upon by the Governments of
the Old World, was to make the business a mo-
nopoly, as they did with tobacco, and a great
