1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
many other commodities, to make revenue to the
Government, or for favorites. The postal arrange-
ments of the Old World, in their last philosophy,
were a simple question of revenue. In this coun-
try we abandoned that notion, but we started on
the idea of making the service pay for itself. I
say that the people of the South, where the pop-
ulation is not so dense, and who write fewer let-
ters than the people of the North, ought not, in
justice, to put upon the labor of the North, the
manufactures of the North, the cost of transport-
ing their letters. If it costs more for us in the
South to transport our letters than we pay, let us
pay more. If it costs my people more, we ought
to pay it.
I look upon the idea of putting the Post Office
on the basis of the general public defense as-rad-
ically erroneous. In the present condition of the
country, I think we should notundertake to carry
letters at all; but I waive that; the policy of the
country is different. Inasmuch, however, as this
service can be apportioned to every man in the
United States according to the particular benefit
he receives from it, he should be made to pay for
that benefit. I regretted to hear the honorable
Senator from Mississippi and his colleague, and
my friend from Alabama, who is now in the
chair, [Mr. Fitzpatrick,] talk, the other day,
about what you are going to do with stages, and
tell us that there would be a loss to the people
who had stages and horses, as if that was any
part of the great operations of Government. I
say I would not exact tribute of one cent from
wealth or poverty, in any part of the United
Stated to aid me in any portion of my business;
it is not right. 1 would appeal to you on the great
principle of the Athenian ruler, when unjust ad-
vantages were offered to him, and he addressed
the people of Athens, saying," this is all true; we
shall get these advantages; but it is not just; I
do not want this from any enemy;" and, if I could
get the men of the North to put this service on
sound and just principles, I would cooperate with
them. I say the idea of making the Post Office
Department pay for caftying passengers in stage
coaches in Mississippi, or Alabama, or Georgia,
is all wrong; and it will not do for my friend from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to say that we of the
South pay more duties on imports than we get
benefits from this Government. We are not at
that business now. Let us settle that question
when we adjust the tariff. Let us fight one thing
at a time. If we pay more than our share, let us
argue it before the Senate and before mankind.
Now we are dealing with the Post Office; put
that on its own basis; but, when you start the
game that we must be compensated in the Post
Office establishment for what we lose by unjust
taxation by duties on imports, I tell my friend
from Mississippi if is not a game that our people
can play at; it is not a game for an honest people
to play at anywhere. Put the Government on its
true basis. Make the postal system sustain itself;
it did maintain itself from the days of the Revo-
lution to 1851, and actually brought money into
the Treasury. You cut loose from sound princi-
ples then,and you commencedthisgrand business
of running four-horse post coaches from one vil-
lage to another. It was done in my State. It
may do for a member of Congress to go to the
Department and say it would be a great conve-
nience to his constituents to run a coach from the
town of C to the town of D; that there are two or
three merchants or gentlemen in the towns who
occasionally want to travel; and that they will be
accommodated by having coaches. The great
mass of laboring people, in my judgment, are no
more interested in running stage-coaches from
Elkhorn to my town—thirty miles—than in run-
ning one from Concord to some other town in
New Hampshire. It is levying out of labor, it
is levying out of honest industry, that does not
use this national advantage, for the benefit of
those who do.
My view of this matter may not be statesman-
like, in the opinion of the Senator from Missis-
sinpi; but I think it is just. I am not a states-
man; i do not pretend to be. I think I have but
very little statesmanship; but I have some innate
ideas, i have some acquired ideas; and I do not
think, before God, that it is right for me to make
another man pay my expenses. That is my test.
1 do not think there were ever any better laws
than those of Moses. I do not pretend to be
wiser than he was, especially considering where
he got his information. I say, then, that although
we do profit by this postal service, although we
get stage coaches, especially from our present
Postmaster General, who, I think ought to be
stopped—I think every man in this country should
put his hand on him—it is not right that we should
do so at the expense of other people. He is a
very good fellow, but I tell you he is a wild man.
He things he carries civilization and progress in
his mail bags. He says he has civilized two
thirds of the continent. I am for stopping that
business. I want you to put. your hand on it.
If the President will not do it, you ought to do it;
for he has this day before you deficiencies to the
extent of one fourth of the entire revenue of the
United States fdfr the last year. I have no resent-
ments toward him. The difficulty I have is, that
he gives everybody everything, me included.
That is the whole trouble with him. This bill
before the Senate to-night proposes to give him
$10,000,000 for deficiencies in the Post Office ser-
vice of the United States for the present year and
the next; and he says that is not enough. He
says heretofore he has only asked for enough
until the next meeting of Congress; but, inasmuch
as the next Congress may be very much troubled
about particular ideas—may be sectional, and so
on—he asks for enough to carry him to the end
of the next fiscal year.
Mr. COLLAMER. If my friend from Geor-
gia will permit me, I wish to read the section of
the act of 1851, to which I referred.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. The seventh section of
the act of 1851, to which I referred, as taking
away the limitation on the Postmaster General,
is m these words:  
" Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no post office
now in existence shall be discontinued, nor shall the mail
servicc on any mail route in any of the States or Territories
be discontinued or diminished, in consequence of any dim-
inution of the revenues that may result from this act; and
it shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to establish
new post offices, and place the mail service on any new
mail routes established, or that may hereafter he estab-
lished, iri the bame manner as though this act had not
passed."
There, you see, he is forbidden to discontinue
the service.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not blame the Postmas-
ter General for that. The truth is, there is the
forbidden fruit u which brought death into the
world, and all our woe," in that act of 1851; but
the Postmaster General has gone on, in his dis-
cretion, enlarging the service. Since he com-
menced, he has added $5,000,000 of deficiency.
The old deficiency was but $6,000,000; since he
has come into office, he has put on $5,000,000
more. He has acted on the idea that this was a
great business of civilization, and he says so in
his report. He says he has civilized two thirds
of the continent by his mail service. I do not
know that four-horse stage post coaches do much
in the way of civilization by running through In-
dian nations. If they do, I think it is an expen-
sive business. It is something like the Indian
reservations, which cost more than they come to,
and therefore none of them ever get my vote. I
am not for civilizing Indians in that way.
But I come to the point. The southern States,
from their sparseness of population, do not pay
all their postal expenses. I say the whole mail
service of the South ought to pay its whole ex-
penses, and I am ready to put it on that ground;
and I say any other ground, in my judgment, is
a wrong ground. I am ready to put it there, as
one of their representatives. In my judgment, it
is the best ground. I know, on the other side,
we pay annually large sums of* money for foreign
mail steamers to New York. I would stop both.
I would put them on theft* postage alone, as we
did the packets in the olden times. I am not for
putting coaches on the Post Office Department.
This mail service has gone beyond anything that
it brings. We have gone so far that m this very
bill we appropriate $21),000,000. Seventeen years
ago, this was the whole expense of the Govern-
ment. In 1842, $20,000,000 covered the entire
expenses of your Government; and now we are
to spend $20,000,000 m thin bill for the Post Of-
fice alone, and $10,000,000 of that a deficiency.
I say the point to retrench is in the South. I ad-
mit that the Post Office Department is greatly to
her advantage, and-, as one representative of the
South-, I desire to see it cut off, and to limit, as I
intend to limit, this man to not one dollar beyond
the postal receipts.
■ Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President,, both th^Sen-
atorsfrom Mississippi object to this inquiry under
the idea that it can be designed for nothing else
than to lead to legislation which may put down
a great deal of the mail service of the country.
Now, sir, I say that we cannot tell to what n will
lead until we have the facts before us. I have
never meant to say that we should discontinue
every route that did not pay; because there orp
routes which are justified by other considerations;
than the mere amount of money which is received
from them. But I do mean to say that, as a whole,
the Post Office Department ought to be something,
like a self-sustaining machine; and that, in order
that we may be enabled to devise legislation-wh ich.
shall make it so, we ought to have all the facts
which relate to it. What precise use can be made
of this information after we get it, I do not now
pretend to foretell; but that it will be useful, 1 be-
lieve; because, when we come to see the state-
ment, perhaps we shall.,be able to ascertain the
general laws by which this system is governed.
JNfow, sir, so far from admitting that the South,
pays less in proportion to the service she receives
than the North, I maintain that it has never beea
proved, and cannot be proved from any data be-
fore us, that the North does pay more in propor-
tion to the service it receives than the South; and I
think the whole idea proceeds from a misconcep-.
tion into which gentlemen have fallen on all sides
—gentlemen to the left as well as to the right.
Why, sir, what is the Post Office Department?
It is a service which the Government sells to indi-
viduals for a certain amount. It sells the service
of transporting letters anywhere in the United
States, east of the Rocky Mountains, for three
cents a letter; it seils the service of transporting
letters from any part of the United States east, to
the Pacific coast, for ten cents a letter; and we
have no information by which we can tell whether
one section pays more than another; arid all those
statistics, which have been gotten up by the Sen-,
ator from Pennsylvania and others, are utterly
delusive. Take what seems to be the strongest
case—the State of New York. I throw out of
consideration the ocean postage, without which,
it is said, she cannot pretend to show that she
pays more than she receives. Throw that out of
consideration, and I say there are no data by
which she has shown, or can show, that she pays-
more than she receives. What is the service for
which she pays? Letters are prepaid; and the
service fop which she pays is this: the United
States undertakes to carry her letters, not only,
within the limits of the State of New York, but
to California and every part of the United States;
and how is it that gentlemen attempt to state the
account, in order to show that they pay so much
more than they receive in return ? Of course, if
they get more service, they must pay more moneys
but they say they pay more money, in proportion
to the cost of that service; and how do they show
it? They are to be charged with the service of
carrying their letters all over the United Stated}
but, in order to show that they pay more than
they are entitled to, they show that the cost of
carrying letters inside of the State of New York
is rather less than what they pay. To show
that, they would have to prove%that the cost of
carrying them all over the United States was less
than what they had to pay; but if you take even
that statement, and deduct the foreign postages,!
doubt if there is asingle State in the Union which
could show that it paid more than it received, in
the way of service; on the contrary, I believe that
information would serve to show this fact, which
is an important one: that the Government of the
United States has undertaken to perform a ser-
vice for which it is not remunerated anywhere;
that the cost of transporting these letters is less
than it gets everywhere—in the New England
States, m the middle States, in the southern
States, and in the western States. I believe, when,
we come to get the facts, it will be shown that
each pays much more nearly in proportion to the
service which is rendered to it by the United
States, than is generally supposed. It is not a
tax; it is a payment for service; but it operates
far more equally than the tax on imports. Per-
haps we have no service which is distributed with
more equality and justice than this; and, at the
same time, 1 believe it will be found to operate
