1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order on
that resolution. That is as much out of order as
it is to move to adjourn over.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent. The Senator from Worth Carolina
asks unanimous conseat for the present consider-
ation of that resolution.
Mr. HALE. I have not a word to say on that
ground.
The resolution was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF INDIANS.
Mr. SHIELDS. I submit the following reso-
lution; and ask for its consideration at the present
tj me:
Whciorts the Siou.t Lillians in the State of Minnesota
havo n largpr tmct of rountiy :i^;l rr^oivanon than 1= ncpc1'-
sary lor their use; and wheieas the Winnf'hasio Indian?-, in
the counties os Blue K mil and W as-eoa, in Die same State,
occupy a tmitoiy now ontneiy : mioumh-d by white set-
tlement*, and wlueh lc-otv.iuon near the ccntcr of the
mo<t densely populated di^inci of the State:'' Therefoie,
Resolved. That the rieeietciiv of the Inu-'uoi be respect-
fully ieque-ted 10 mtVum the Senate whetliei it is compe-
tent Oi expedient 10 lake any steps at the piesent time to
lemovc the Wmncba^oos from their piesent portion and
locate thorn upon a portion of the W'oux icr-ervation or oL-e-
wheie, and seeim; to caeh head of a family of botli nations
a tiuet ol land >u(Iieient for a laim; and if t-o, whethei any,
and \vh;ir. l.-'^ifjation is necesiaty to enable him to cfieet
that puipox-
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to the reso-
lution, but there is an affirmation of fact in it
which I am not advised of; and I do not like to
pass a resolution affirming a thing to be a fact
winch I do not know to be so. I have no objec-
tion to the inquiry, buttheiearc two directaffirm-
ations of fact there that I know nothing about. I
suggest that it be amended in that particular.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask for information in re-
* lation to tin so facts.
Mr. HALE. I shall not interpose any objec-
tion; but it is objectionable, because it alHi ras dis-
tinctly that thoco Indiums havo more land ti\an is
necessary for them. I do not know it, I will
not interpose, however, but I think it is objec-
tionable.
Mr. CLAY. I object to it? consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ohjiction being
made, the resolution lies over.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr, PI 'V/j P A T111C K asked, and by una-ni-
m'>us con^-e-it obtained, l.>ave to iohodiuie a bill
(S. No. f;11c)-to i Siabiisli a bne of mml sfoamers
from Niw Oi loans, or Mobile, t-> sundiy ports
therein mentioned, on the Gulf of Mexico; which
was read twice by its title, and l.-fVuvd to the
Committee on the Pest Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS; from tho Committee on Military
Affairs and the Miutj.-i, to whom was referred tho
lull (S No *215) for tho relief «>f the executor of
Brevet Bneadier G.'iieuil James K'inkkead, late
of tli*1 United Stales Army, reported it without
amendment; and submitted an adverse repoil,
winch was oidered to be mniud.
Mr. lVEItSUjX, fiom the Committeeon Claims,
to whom was reforiod tlie petition of Joseph
Probst, proytng the paymentof certain Continen-
tal scrip received by his father m paymentloi lus
services as a soldier in the revolutionary war,
with interest, asked to be discharged from its
fuither consideration.
He albo, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of John Beeson, pray-
ing a warrant for land on which he had settled in
Oregon, and from which he was driven; also, for
indemnity tor losses resulting n om the expulsion;
a^ked to be discharged fiom its further consider-
ation.
MESSAGE FR05I THE HOUSE.
A mes,<n;e from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Alllx, its Cieik, announced that the
House of lu-piesentativcs had passed a bill (PL
R. No. Tt'U) entitled "An act to authorize the
reiiistcmig of the schooner Enterprise, of Wilson,
New York," and a joint resolution (IX. it. No.
39) to aulhoiiii'1 the Secretary of the Treasury to
s< II a certain lot of land in the city of Petersbuig,
Virginia, beloiur.iii; to tin- United States; m which
the ' enem.o'ce ot tne Senate v.as requested.
enrolled bill sigm:d.
The in i-sagefuitherfinnoimeed that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 2) to repeal
an act entitled " An act authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to change the names of vessels
in certain cases," approved 5th March, 1856;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President.
REPORTS FROM PRINTING COMMITTEE.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is a report on the
table from the Committee on Printing, in relation
to correspondence respecting the capture of Wil-
liam Walker by Commander Paulding, which it
is necessary the Senate should pass upon.
Mr. FITCH. I have been seeking the floor
that I might move that all the reports made by
the Committee on Printing on the 12th instant be
concurred in.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee on Printing m favor of printing
the report of the Secretary of the Navy, commu-
j nicated tho 23d December, with .the correspond-
' ence relative to the capture of William Walker
by Commander Paulding; and the report was
agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to consider tho report of
the Committee on Printing against printing the
report of the Secretary of the Senate showing the
names of persons employed in his office.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to have some ex-
planation of that from some member of the com-
mittee. I should like to ascertain why there is
an adverse report?
Mr. FITCH. The document is quite a short
one, and'is simply for the action of the Senate.
We thought it utterly unnecessary to incur the
expense—although it might be small—of printing
the document, and multiplying copies, as we do
with Executive documents. If it is requiied for
the use of the Senate, it is easily accessible; and
beyond the Senate it is of no earthly use. It con-
tains only the mimes of the employes of the Sec-
< rctary's office, and their salaries.
! The report was concurred in.
; The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
| the Committee on Printing against printing fifty
I thousand copies of the addresses on the occasion
: of the icmoval of the Senate from its old Cham-
; ber; and the repoit was agieed to. •
| The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee on Printing in favor of printing
1 the message of tiie President relative to a decree
. and regulation respecting United States consular
, courts m China; and the report was agfeed to.
j The Senate proceeded to consider the leport of
the Committee on Printing in favor of printing
the leport of the Secretary of. War m relation to
the application ot certain land in the harbor of
New York, belonging to the United States, to the
use of the revenue department; and the report
was agreed to.
JAMES F. MORTON.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee to Audit and
I Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
I to whom was refened the following resolution,
report* d it without amendment:
He otic.}. That thoic be paid oat of the contingent fund
of tii" orn.ife. lo rim uido^' of J unes F Motion. late t-u-
pi'i)i!t"inirnt of fu.nacoe, the sum of £1.7) foi funeral ex-
1 petiM.-;, i  nd an amount equal to one quartet salaiy of the
decerned.
J.Ir. DIXON, i ask the Senate to consider the
| resolution at once.
I The resolution was, by unanimous consent,
rend the second time, and considered as m Com-
1 mittoc of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very ungracious to
object in any way to a resolution of this kind, and
I do not mean to do so; but several resolutions of
, this character have been passed since I have been
| in the .Senate; and, if such appropriations are to
he madi,, I think it would be a great deal better to
' have a general jaw piovidmg that, when any one
! of the family of any of our employes dies, the
, funeral expenses shall be paid by the Govern-
ment. This way of doing it is, to me, very ob-
■ jectionable; though I will not make any objection
in this particular case, unless some other gentle-
man does. A resolution similar to this passed a
few days ago; and I now call attention to it, that
we may have 110 more such resolutions.
Mr. "BIUNTER. It seems to jne that we had
better raise the question 011 this resolution. The
Sena tot fiom Illinois is right. If this is done, it
] ought to be a general rule. I ask for the yeas and
I nays.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to this resolution. It is for the benefit of
some very poor people—the family of a laborer
below here. He has died and left his* fatoily
without anything. We have, paid the expenses
of the funeral of other officers before, and I hope
there will be no objection to the payment of this"
small Sum now.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HUNTER. If this pass, it will establish
ageneral principle. We may as well know what
we are doing. 1 ask fof the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have sat here and seen-
passed in this body appropriations, if you call
them such, in the same v/ay and out of the same
fund—one a few weeks ago, in the case of the
late Assistant Doorkeeper, Mr. Holland; and
now when we come to the case of the family of
a poor man, who worked down in the lower
apartment, below the Senate Chamber, it seema
to me it does not become ua to hesitate and palter
very much about so small a matter.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Bell, Bigler, Bright, Brod-
ciick.Cameron,Chesnut, Clark, Clingman, Collamcr,Crit-
tenden, DK011, Ooolittle, Douglas, "Durkee, Fcssenden,
Fitch, Foot, Fostei, Hale, Hammond, Harlan, Kennedy,
Mason, Heul, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Simmons, Stuart,
W.ido. and Wilson—33.
NAYtf—Messrs. Brown, Oliandlot, Clay, Davis, Fitz-
patuck, Gteen. Hnntei, Iverson, Johnson Of Tennessee,
Km«,rolk,rugh, ltice, dhdcll, Trumbull, Ward, and Yule©
—17.
So the resolution was passed.
COMMANDER H. I. HARTSTENE.
Mr. HAMMOND. The Committee on Isfaval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of H.
I. Hartste e,a commander in the Navy, praying
that cettdin expenses incurred on account of the
baik Resolute may he allowed in the settlement
( of his accounts, have directed me to report a joint
i resolution, which I ask may he considered now.
I There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 70) for the relief of Commander H. I.
Hartstenc, of the United States Navy, was read
twice by its title, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It directs that the accounting officers of the
Treasury allow and pay the sum of $2,008 60 to
Commander II. I. Ilartstene, on account of extra
expenses incurred by him m restoring the bark
1 Resolute.
Tho joint resolution was reported to the Senate
■ without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
| a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
| REDICK M'KEE.
I Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
! Affair1?, to whom was referred the jointresolution
I (S. No. fi.'i) authorizing the settlement of the ac-
j counts of Jledick McKee, have instructed me to
[ report it without amendment. There is no writ-
| ten n port, because it comes within the class of
j cases heretofore allowed.
! Mr. GW1N. I hope thatjointresolution will be
| considered now. Precisely similar ones have been
! passed m other cases. It is merely providing for
' the settlement of the accounts by the Commis-
, sioner of Indian AOans.
j There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
! as in Committee of the Whole* to consider the
, joint resolution (S. No. G3) authorizing the set-
tlement of the accounts of Redick McKee. It
, authorizes the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to
audit and adjust, on equitable principles, his ac-
counts as late Indian commissioner and agent for
California; and appropriates a sum notexceeding
' $6,Gil 77 for thet purpose; but nothinginthe act
■ is to authonzc the payment of any claim or con-
tracts entered into by him, or drafts drawn by him,
! wherein otherparties may have claims against the
i United States.
j Mr. CLAY. I should like to have some expla-
i nation of this resolution. It would seem to me,
; on the mere reading of it, that it is a work of super-
' erogation, on the part of the Senate, to authorize
! the Secretary of the Interior or the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs to settle accounts on just and
. equitable principles. I should suppose he would
; do that at any rate; but I should like to have some
I explanation; I should like to know what the Secre-
