372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
tary of the Interior says on the subject, and have
some reason assigned why these accounts have
not been settled.
Mr. OWIN. Mr. McKee was one of the In-
dian agents originally appointed for California;
and in expectation of certain appropriations being
made, he made engagements there for the purpose
of supplying the force that was engaged with him
in negotiating Indian treaties. That exceeded the
amount of the appropriation. One of his colleagues,
one of the other Indian agents who had precisely
similar accounts, got a bill passed through the
Senate and the Hou^e of Representatives, unani-
mously, two years ago, to have his accounts ad-
justed. There are equally as much equity and
justice in this claim as in that. I hope the Senator
will not object to it, but that the Senate will pass
it at once.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed,•
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to move to take up the bill (H. R. No.
544) in relation to a railroad along Pennsylvania
avenue, in the city of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia. I presume it will take but a short time to
consider it.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope the motion to take up
that bill will notprevail. Itmust necessarily give
rise to discussion, it cannot pass this body with-
out very considerable discussion, although I do
riot desire to take part in the debate on it myself.
This is a day which is ordinarily set apart for the
consideration of private bills; and if this motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania does not suc-
ceed, I shall move to take up the Private Calen-
dar. I think,if we mean to do anything for private
claimants, it is high time we had commenced.
The session is half through, and not a single pri-
vate bill, with one exception, has been disposed
of by the Senate. There are more than one hun-
dred private bills on the Calendar, many of which
I know, from peisonal information, fire of a press-
ing character, which are just and necessary to be
passed. I think the Senate ought to proceed to
the consideration of those bills, arid devote at
least one day of each week (Friday) to them.
This bill is on the Calendar, and is no more, m
fact, than a private bill its-elf, for it proposes to
grant monopolizing privileges to a private com-
pany. I hope the motion to take it up out of its
order will not prevail.
Mr. HALE. Before I vote on this motion, I
want to ask a question of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. 1 ohnson.] I am told that, m the
early part of the session, he introduced a resolu-
tion for which I am very anxious to vote, and I
think a majority of the Senate are. J lefertoa
resolution in favor of retrenching and rcfmming
the expenditures of the Government. 1 think it
is lime that should be called up, and I shall vote
for that in preference to any other business, un-
less the honorable Senator has abandoned it
Mr. BROWN. For the very reason assigned
by the Senator from Georgia, 1 hope the Senate
will proceed to the consideration of this bill. That
it is to give rise to debate is, I think, a very suffi-
cient reason why we ought to take it up now. Cer-
tainly, the Senate is as much at leisure to consider
u now as it will be at any time during the session,
i want the question disposed of in some way. I
should not complain if the Senate refused to give
this fianchtse to any company; hui there is a
struggle going on about it, and the longer we post-
pone the bill the more feojing will arise out of it.
To-day is as good a time as any to take up this
question and dispose of it. If it should be post-
poned to next week, you would still discuss it;
and, unless the Senate is determined to do noth-
ing on the subject, but to leave it as it is, tins is
the very Lest time to dispose of it. I am peii'ect-
ly willing to lay the whole subject on the table,
or to take up the bill, and then test the question
whether any thing shall be done in regard to it by
a motion to lay it on the table, so as to satisfy
outside people what you are going to do.
(Mr. CAMERON. This bill passed the House
of Representatives last winter; it has undergone
.the examination of the Committee on the District
of Columbia in this body, and has been approved
by every member of that committee. Some of my
constituents are concerned in it, and I have had
charge of it during: the whole winter. I believe I
do not trouble the Senate often. I have no claims
here at all belonging to my State. I have no le-
gislation herethat I can reach. The great inter-
ests of my State are constantly put by. This
whole matter is for the benefit of members of the
Senate and of the House of Representatives, of
the people of the District of Columbia, and of ev-
ery citizen in this Union who comes here. Pas-
senger railways are found to be a great conveni-
ence and great comfort in the cities where they
are now used, and so they will be here. I want
this question disposed of. A great many persons
are contending for the light, under the lmpies-
sion that it is going to be a good speculation. It
is very easy to talk about monopolies. That is a
word that everybody has learned by heart, as a
parrot learns to talk. Everything that is brought
in that is unpleasant to a particular gentleman, is
said to be a monopoly, and therefore it must not
be examined. Now, Mr. President, if this is to
be a monopoly, let us look into it; let us see
where the wrong is, and who are going to monop-
olize, and who is to receive injury. I believe that
all will receive benefit from it. I will not say
anything more unless the bill itself is attacked,
and then I shall be ready to explain it.
Mr. IVERSON. I can see no reason why this
particular bill should have precedence of other
private bills on the Calendar. There are many
bills introduced for individuals which have prior-
ity over this bill, and which were introduced long
before this bill came to the Senate. I character-
ized thus as a monopoly. It is nothing more than
the gratuitous grant of a privilege which the Gov-
ernment holds in its hands, to private individuals
for their particular benefit; and because it is agia-
tuity on the part of the Government, they are to
have a preference over other private claimants
who have just demands upon the Government for
money which the Government has withheld from
them, and this bill is to be taken up and discussed
and passed in preference to them. There is no
justice m such a proposition. Under what obli-
gation is the Government to these individuals who
eomohere and ask this extraordinary privilege?
I do not say i am opposed to the bill. I am rather
inclined to vole for it as a matter of public con-
venience to the citizens of Washington, but surely
it can be considered as nothing more than a gra-
tuity to tfeosu individuals, and a gratuity of a very
extraordinary character, for everybody under-
stands that the privilege which is to be granted to
them will give them immense fortunes. It is a mo-
nopoly of a very decided and very enormous char-
acter—one which, if put up for sale at public auc-
tion to the highest bidder, would command a very
largo price to the Government. Now, I want to
know why the gentlemen who come here and ask
this^uxtiaoidinai y privilege fiom the Government,
m order to make fortunes for themselves, should
be entitled to precedence in the consideration and
attention of the Senate over just private claimants
who come here and ask n lutle pittance of the
Government, to do them justice on the claims
which they have presented, and on which action
has been had by the various committees ? I trust
the motion will not prevail; but that, if the Sen-
ate proceeds t.o the consideration of private bills,
this will stand on the footing of all other private
bills, and come up m its order on the docket.
Mr. CAMERON. Every bill that is acted on
here must have preference over some other bill;
one must come before another. I do not under-
stand, still, the argument of the gentleman about
us bemga monopoly. This railway is to be made
by private enterpnse, to be sure; but it is to be
for the benefitof the public. No individual enters
into any enterprise unless he expects to derive
some profit from it; and especially when he puts
his money into it. Now, why shall we refuse to
consider the bill and examine it? The gentle-
man's aigument might bo \eiy well against the
bill itself, but not against taking it up. There
was a little while ago before the Senate a propo-
sition which was of small amount, to pay for
huryms: a poor man in our employment,and yet
an objection was made to that, and I believe by
a gentleman on the other side of the Chamber.
He occupied the time of the Senate while he was
making the objection. We must do that on all
occasions, when we defend or oppose a bill. If
the Senate will permit the bill to come up, his ar-
gument then can apply very well. If the Sen-
ate vote it down, I shall submit, of course; but I
want it disposed of now. It will probably not take
so much time as it will on any other occasion.
Mr. MALLORY. This, I understand, is the
day devoted to the consideration of private claims.
There are some upon your Calendar which have
been at the doors of Congress for a quarter of a
century, doubtless founded in justice, and de-
manding the attention of the Senate. "We are
now called upon, however, to take up a particu-
lar bill, and set all these aside; and the Senator
making the motion furnishes us with no special
reason for so doing. The Senator from Georgia
has correctly characterized this bill as granting a
monopoly. It does propose to confer a special
privilege on three specified individuals by name,
for the term of twenty-five years; and will put
large fortunes in their pockets, or the pockets of
anybody who may receive that donation. The
bill, in its present shape, does not commend itself
to the Senate in such a manner as to lay aside the
countless claims that are here demanding our at-
tention, and proceed to consider that specially.
I trust the Senate will not take it up. If it is
taken up, the probability is that it will entirely ab-
sorb the remainder of this day, and private claims
will be deferred for another session.
Mr. BIGLER. There is evidently a misunder-
standing 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the duty of
the Chair to call up the special order at this hour.
Mr. IVERSON. Is it m order to move to post-
pone the special order, and proceed to the consid-
eration of the Private Calendar*
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I make that motion.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that motion will not pre- ^
vail, but that we shall proceed with and close the
discussion on the Pacific railroad bill, and come
to a vote. Let us at least have an opportunity of
seeing whether the discussion is to go on or not.
I call for the j'eas and nays on this proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
the question. The Chair, at one o'clock, called
up the special order; the Senator from Georgia
moves to postpone it,and all prior orders, with a
view to take up the Private'Calendar; and on that
motion the Senator from California asks for the
ye§s and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. When, last week-, a motion wag
made to postpone this special ouler and take up
the Private Calendar, objection was made by the
Senator from California; and he asked the Senate
to consider the subject of the Pacific railroad bill.
The Senate then did procecdto the consideration
of the bill; and the Private Calendar was made to
yield. He now asks that it be made to yield again.
I ask the Senate if it is quite fair to those parties
who have come hoie with claims, and have uiged
them through the last session, and through this
session, and through sessions before, that their
claims should be continually rode down by this
railroad ? Here are widows upon your Calendar,
here are various other claimants upon the Calen-
dar, who have been asking, year after year, that
their just claims be allowed by the Senate. They
have no agents, perhaps, here to enforce their
claims, or they may have agents to enforce them;
but somebody should speak for them in the Sen-
ate; and I ask the Senate whether they will not
devote one day in the week—ay, sir, one day in
half the session, (for we have not given them one
day yet, and half the session has gone,) to the con-
sideiation of these private claims? I hope the
special order will be postponed, and private claims
considered. It seemed to have been understood
through the week that to-day we were going to
take up the Piivate Calendar; and whenever any
Senator proposed to take up a private bill, it was
said, " let it go over to Friday, Private Calendar
day;" and bills have gone over in that way. Now
Friday comes, and it is proposed to postpone the
Private Calendar. I hope the Senate will take up
the Calendar,and postpone the railroad bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I will save my friends all
trouble by saying that I intended to get my bill
through before the time arrived for considering
private bills. That hour having arrived, I with-
draw my motion until another day.
Mr. HALE. 'Is the motion that I made some
time ago in order? Cannot I renew it, and move
that when the Senate adjourn, to-day, it be to meet
on Monday next ?
