1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MM
as for the other. In the performance of its duties
it requires mail routes where there are but few
inhabitants, and most requires them where the
postages would not pay for their maintenance;
most requires mail routes on the remote frontier,
where very little is derived in the form of revenue
from the particular route. It is sustained for the
public good; it falls as a charge; and, whether the
form be a tax upon those who receive letters, or
not, is not the question which I at all considered,
or which I proposed to treat of on this occasion.
11 was whether it should be divided so as to have
facilities stopped at one place .because at that par-
ticular place the mail transportation did not pay
for itgelf, and to maintain it at other places be-
cause it did there pay for itself. If the States had
the right to establish their own post offices, if the
States had the control of the transportation of
their own mails, then it might be fair to say, let
each people pay for the transportation of its own
mail matter.
But again, sir, it is a unit, because it is the re-
lation between the producing, the rural districts,
and the great commercial cities which requires
these mails to be transported. You want corre-
spondence with the great entrepot, and the mer-
chants there, with whom you transact your busi-
ness, require to have a correspondence in return
with you,and itis thisjointrelation which requires
the mails to be maintained; and this relation be-
tween the producer and the merchant, if there
was no restriction, if there was no provision re-
quiring the establishment of mails by the Federal
Government, would lead to the establishment of
mails by private capital. This relation between
the agricultural and the mercantile portions of the
community, I say, would maintain intercourse
through mail routes at their own charge if there
was no establishment by the Government what-
ever. Nor is it by any means to be determined
by the amount of postage paid at a particular
place, as to what amount of matter goes to it. It
may be sent from places where the postage is
paid, and the letters sent in return may not be
equal to those sent out, and the Senator from
Georgia knows that very well to be the case in
every planting district. The cotton factors and
agents send out many letters and circulars to the
planters for one they receive in return. Looking
at the postage received at an office in a city you
find there an amount of matter which is prepaid
entered to the credit of that office, and very little
entered in return to the credit of the office where
those letters have been delivered. It is ageneral
system running throughout, interwoven com-
pletely throughout all parts and all portions of
the United States, and cannot be divided in the
manner which is here proposed.
The Senator from Georgia speaks of making
the North pay for the routes in the South. 1 de-
sire no such thing. I desire to make the mail
service a unit, to make the postal arrangements
such that the Post Office Department will sustain
itself, and to do it by raising the postage, by strik-
ing off the franking privilege, by charging heavier
upon the species of mail matter which now pays
comparatively nothing, anil thus to create the re-
ceipts'of the office equal to the demand of main-
taining all the mail facilities which the wants of
the Government and a just attention to the wants
of the people require should be Jtept up. Every
man cannot pay for his own letters, as the Sen-
ator announces it. Every man must pay the post-
age on his own letters, but whether that will pay
for the transportation of the particular letter or
not, is a thing which is not determined. It varies
with circumstances all over the country, and to
require any such thing would defeat entirely the
transportation of the mails in those localities
where the number of persons requiring letters is
very few, but where the necessities of the Gov-
ernment may be so great as to require the main-
tenance of a mail route. That this may be en-
tirely understood, 1 will merely say that in some
places where no mail routes are established, the
Government is compelled to keep up its mail by
sending it by express men, at the cost of the Gov-
ernment itself, without charge upon anybody
else, because there is nobody else to pay. This
is the case at some of the remote frontier posts.
So far, then, as the argument is made upon one
side or upon the other for making the postal sys-
tem self-sustaining, I have nothing to say against
it. It was in that view that I voted for the in-
crease of postage; it was in that view that I voted
to abolish the franking privilege. I am willing
to go as far as any one to secure this object. It
is a species of direct taxation, and falls as equal-
ly, perhaps, as we can make taxation descend on
the people. ( favor it in preference to an indirect
mode of raising money to support the transpor-
tation of the mails; but I object to this mode
which would endeavor to ascertain where a route
would not pay in order there to abolish it, or, by
a sliding scale and a discriminating duty, to make
them pay higher for the transportation of the let-
ters on that route than elsewhere. Unless some-
thing like this be the object, I am at a loss to
imagine what good the report here proposed can
do. It will make Congress none the wiser as to
the whole expense of transporting the mail, and
I do not think there will be any information which
will be at all available for legislation in the fact
that route No. 120 or No. 7040 does not pay one
half the cost of transporting the mail along it, and
it will descend lower and lower just in proportidn
as that route shall be a link in the connection of
two great commercial cities and itself merely a
point over which this great mail passes.
As to this matter of each man paying his own
postage, it is a thing I will say further, which I
should not particularly shrink from, especially as
it has been my fortune to maintain a special post
office, and, in connection with a very few neigh-
bors, pay for service. We have to pay for bring-
ing the mail to us, and it is under the regulations
of the Department that we have been embarrassed
in the receipt of our letters, and are now more
encumbered in getting a mail than we should be
if no such thing existed as a Post Office Depart-
ment. I could to-morrow make arrangements at
the place where I reside for the delivery.of the
mail, with any packet-boat in the trade, on far
better terms than we can get it through the Gov-
ernment. We derive no benefit whatever from
the establishment of that route, and yet it would
be returned, probably, as one that did not pay one
half the cost of transportation. For many years
it was maintained as a special office, (the neigh-
bors in a small locality paying for the delivery of
the mails,) and we had better service then than
we have had since the Government took charge
of it. So far, then, as the mere matter of paying
the expense of transporting the mail is concerned,
it is not only in this locality but in many others
within the limit's of the State which 1, in part,
represent, you will find persons associating them-
selves together, and applying for the establish-
ment of a post office and post route on the condi-
tion that they shall pay all the increased expenses
for the delivery of the mail at that point.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 must confess that I have not
been strongly impressed with the arguments of
the honorable Senator from Mississippi against
the amendment of my friend fiom Virginia; but
I shall address myself chiefly, and very briefly,
to the arguments he made against my own posi-
tion.
The Senator agrees with me that the national
defense is a unit, and therefore he thinks the
post office ought to be. I stated that the national
defense was not only aunit, but indivisible. You
cannot apportion it. From the very nature of
the thing, as every man is bound, with his life
and his whole estate, to maintain every other man
and his estate, whether great or small, it lies at
the bottom of the social compact, and therefore
you cannot divide amongst society the cost of its
public defense. But in the Post Office Department
the case is different.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Senator moan that each
State could not have reserved to itself the right
to provide for its own defense, to make its own
fortifications, to maintain its own army?
Mr. TOOMBS. I simply mean that they did
not do it under our system.
Mr. DAVIS. They did not in the Post Office
either.
Mr. TOOMBS. We will see about that. I say
they gave the common defense to the common
Government; but, even if it had been reserved to
Mississippi, she could not divide it by any human
ingenuity. If Mississippi had reserved this right,
and hod charge of the defense of her own people,
there is no possible way by which she could make
that defense divisible, except m the imposition of
taxes, equitably and justly, to maintain the com-
mon defense. Under this Government, we have
given the common defense to the Government of
the United States. It is indivisible, as well as a
unit. We give the Post Office power to the Gen-
eral Government, and that is.not indivisible; for;
from 1789 until this day, it has been divided.
Have all our ancestors been fools? Did tfcey-not
understand it for sixty-two years? There is no-
tax for the Army, there is no tax for the Navy,
except the general taxation of the" Republic; but
in the Post Office there is an attempt to put upon
gach man the burden, according to the benefits of-
the particular institution to him. Therefore, I<
say, the distinction which I take has been recog-
nized from 1789 to this hour. Why did you-'
charge me three cents on a letter, or six cents on
a letter, or twelve cents on a letter, or eighteen
cents on a letter, or twenty-five cents, which I
have paid in my time? It was on the idea of
making me pay for the postal arrangements just
in proportion to the benefit I got from them. You
never charged me for a fort, you never charged
me to maintain the soldiers, and I should have
been very reluctant ever to have paid them adime.
I never saw one to whom I would give a shilling
to defend me. Our fathers left the general defense
of the country to the common Government; but
when they came to the Post Office, they did not
mean to put it on the general Treasury-, but they
charged six and a quarter cents for carrying a letter
thirty miles, twelve and a half cents for another dis-
tance, and eighteen cents, and twenty-five cents,
according to the distance. That was entirely dis-
tinguishable from the whole idea of the national
defense. They charged nobody under any idea of
any particular protection to him,except in laying
just taxes upon him, and they do not charge every
man according to what he is worth, but what he
consumes. You may charge a loafer, a man who
is not worth one tenth part of what I am. more
than you do me, provided he consumes more
than I do, in brandy and clothes. But when you
come to the Post Office Department, notwithstand-
ing the Constitution gave the postal arrangements
to the Federal Government, it was under the idea
that this was a convenience, and that those who
used the Post Office should pay for it; and from
1789 to 1851, it paid for itself; that is, each man
paid his proportion. I admit it was not exact;
but it was an approximation, and therefore dis-
tinguishable from the unity and indivisibility of
the national defense. This was divisible; and
the Government attempted to divide it, and did
divide it; and I say, that, so far from my friend
from Mississippi benefiting his constituents by
this idea of taking out of the public Treasury the
taxes imposed on their consumption, and using
them to pay for his mails, he loses at both ends.
Mr. DAVIS. That is not my idea. I did not
advance it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not charge you with it;
but it was your colleague, [Mr. Brown.] You
took the idea that it was a unit, and seemed to
assume that it was indivisible. I answered that
satisfactorily to myself; I do not know how far it
may be so to others. I then alluded to the argu-
ment of your colleague, who said that he had paid
his part in customs, and must get it somewhere.
I say he will lose at both ends in that business.
If he pays an unjust proportion of the public rev-
enues for the national defense, he does not make
it up in the post office; and if he does, he makes
it up out of his own neighbors, and not from the
man in Massachusetts or Vermont; because it is
just as much against the interest of the humble
man in the piny woods who drives his cattle oft,
for Mr. Brown, of Mississippi, to charge him
with part of his postage, as it is for the man in
, Vermont or Massachusetts to charge him for car-
j rying ten dollars' worth of his potatoes to market.
It is not just. Postage can be divided, and you
ought to divide it. Though you cannot divide it
according to exact justice, you can approximate
to it. The rule has been that the whole of the
beneficiaries shall pav for the whole service. That
was the rule of Washington, of Jefferson, of
Adams, of Madison, of all the fathers of the Re-
; public, and of all our Congresses until 1851. It
; was, that the whole service should pay the whole
burden, and the man that never wrote a letter
' never paid a shilling. Then we dtd not have civil-
| ization carried in mail-bags all over the United
I States. They toted something else. They had
I the humble employment of carrying letters and
I newspapers; but the moment you commenced car-
