374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
road in such a direction as will secure for them the
most valuable lands, and abandon it when they
approach the deserts.
Sir, this bill is not intended to build a railroad
to the Pacific,; it should be entitled a bill to pre-
vent that railroad from ever being built. I will
vote for no such bill. It is not a bill to build a
Pacific railroad; it is a bill that will squander
raillions.upon millions of the public money, and
cause the railroad to be abandoned the very mo-
ment it strikes poor lands or expensive cuts and
diggings. Under this bill a road might possibly
be built two hundred or three hundred miles from
the Pacific; it might, perhaps, be built from the
western border of Iov/a or Missouri down to the
thirty-fourth parallel, or so far as your good
lands extend on this side; and, if so, what would
be the result to the pockets of the speculators?
They are to get §140,500 per mile, or §14,050,000
for everyone hundred miles. They will run their
road through valleys, through rich lands, 011 a
cheap route, where they can build and equip it
for $25,000 per mile, tnus making the cost of the
road per hundred miles, §2,500,000. As the re-
ceipts are $14,050,000 in the pockets of the spec-
ulators, they will make §11,550,000 for every one
hundred miles of road they build through your
good lands, and when they reach the difficult por-
tions of the road they will act like a guide who
was employed to conduct railroad engineers on a
certain track; he conducted them to his own door,
invited them to take dinner,and said lie had car-
ried that railroad as far as he wanted it to go.
So it will be with these speculators, whom you ;
propose to turn into your public domain and tell
them to take what they please; to range where
they choose; to go north or south, eastTor west,
to follow the good lands m a serpentine track.
Sir, you will never build a Pacific railroad under
this bill, and X will not vote for this or any such
bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. WIlson's amendment; resulted—yeas 23,
nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bates, Biodenck, Camei on, Chandler,
Chirk, Dixon, Dool.tlle, Durkee, Kes^enden. I'oster, Gieon,
Hale, Hamlin, Ilailan, Johnson of Tennessee, Knu*. I'olk,
Pugh, Sebastian. Emmons, Tiurnbuil, Wade. and Wilson
—ay.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin, Bi lei, Jhiyht, Ihown,
Chesnut, Clay, Chngman, Cuttenden, Douglas, Fuch, Fitz-
patrick, Foot,Gwin, Hammond, Houston, liuntei, ! ver-ou,
Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, Mallory, Peaiee, itoid,
Kice, Seward, Shdell. Stuart, Thompson of ICentucky,
Toombs, Ward, and Wright—31.
Mr. BIGLER. I now move to amend the bill
as I indicated the other day, by striking out the
fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, owl eighth sections,
and inserting what! send to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Stuart in
the chair.) The Chair will inform the Senator
from Pennsylvania, that there is an amendment
pending, proposed by the Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Ward,] to the Bret scction, which is in or-
der previously to his. The amendment of the
Senator from Texas will now be read to the Son-
ate.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is
in scction one, lines seven, eight, nine, and ten,
to strike out the words:
4C From a pomton the Mis-'oumiver, between the mouths
of the Big bioux and Kansas livers, to r^an Fumewco, m
the State of California, on the most ei'^blo ioiue, roioieuce
being had to feasibility, shoitne.^s, and cconomy."
And to insert in lieu thereof:
" From some point beiweon the forty-ninth parallel of
noith latitude and the southern boundary line of the United
States, to the nearest eii'jible point on the Faeilie eox-d, in
the State ot (Jaluorma, leieionco being liad to feasibility,
shortness, and economy "
Mr. GWIN. I think that has been voted on
once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed not.
Mr. G WIN. That was the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri [IVIr J?olk] that was voted
down.
Mr. BIGLER. Besides, I mean to insist on my
right to offer my amendment. The amendment
of the Senator from Texas was laid on the table
informally, as was mine. His amendment could
not be pending, because there was an amendment
to an amendment which wo have voted on this
morning. The Senator first getting the floor has
the right to offer an amendment. We have voted j
on two amendments, one of which was an amend- i;
ment to an amendment. The Chair recognized
my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will allow the Chair to make a statement, and he
thinks the Senator \tfill concur with him. This
being an amendment to amend a portion of the
bill which the Senator from Pennsylvania pro-
poses to strike out, as the Chair understands, it
is first in order.
Mr. BIGLER. To what section does the
amendment apply?
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first sec-
tion.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not propose to strike out
that section, but to strike out the fourth, fifth,
sixth, seventh, and eighth sections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then, strictly,
the Senator from Pennsylvania is in order.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to know whether
amendments are not first in order to the first sec-
tion. I want to amend the fiist section.
Mr. GREEN. I submit to the Chair that it is
first in order to perfect the first section before we
pass from that. The amendment of the Senator
from Texas is applicable to the first section; I
have one applicable to the first scction; and the
ordinary mode of proceeding is to perfect the first
section before we go to the second, and so with
the third, fourth, and so on in regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Missouri that while
that is the practice in the Huuse of Represent-
atives, it has not been in the Senate. Amend-
ments have'been hold in order as they are pre-
sented to any portion of a bill.
Mr. GREEN. I had no reference to any spe-
cial rule, but to the ordinary parliamentary law.
Mr. BIGLER. The parliamentary ruluis clear
that you have a right first to perfect any part of
the bill pft>posod to be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania is m order, and it will be read.
The Secretary read the amendmentof Mr. Big-
leh, which is to strike out the fourth, fifth, sixth,
seventh, and eighth sections of the original bill,
and in lieu of them to insert:
Sar. *1. And be it further cnacted, That, in making saiflf
contiact. H shall be afpulated that said road shall be,divid-
ed into thr^e giand divisions ol equal length, to-be known
as the eastern, western, and middle, and said divisions shall
be divided into sections of twenty-live miles each ; and that
in eonsideiation of the stipulations and undej takings in said
contract,there shall be,"and is hereby, appiopnated and set
apart, a quantity of lands equal to the alternate sections of
public binds, for the space of twenty miles on each sulc of
said road, and for the full extent ol the said eastern and
WTftein divisions, fjud land;- to be t-cioeied hum tin- sec-
tions to be de n'jnated in the public survey-* by odd numheis,
and to be held and conveyed as herein piovid^d; and in
all eases when the Umte'd States may have disposed of
said lauds, ot any p.ut tuerooi,oi lioin any cr.u.>c cannot
convey a lesiai title Iheifto, the deficiency maybe made up
from aiiyuuoceupi'd and unappiopnated public laud-. \\ itiun
the distance ot toitv intl'-s on eitiioi ssdeot said mad : Pro-
vided, Tnat all nunvial land* within the State of California
be, Mid tho same aie iieiobj. excluded Irom the opoiauon
01 (;ih act; and, in lieu thuieof, a like quantity ol*unoccu-
pied and uriapj.iopuutcd agricultural binds, ncatcsr to the
line ol' the load thiough said mineral lands,may be selected
in alternate sections?.
Sue. 5 And hv it fvrlkcr enacted, Tnat the paity with
whom ihe contiact aioie^aid maybe made t-hall pcoeucd,
without delay, to locate the gonoial ioiue ot said road, and
furnish a detaded suiveyatid map theieof tothe Piesnient,
who shall cause the public lands, to the extent of foiiy
miles on each side ot said road, thioii'di the eastern and
wevfijrn divisions, to be purveyed, and the Indnri title
thereto to be exrin<rui died a=? soon as practicable. And the
provisions ot the act of September, 1^11, giantim* pie-
emption rights, and the acts amemhtoiy theteof, shall be,
and tise same aie lseieby, extended to the lands tinij sui
veye.l, excepting tlio«e her. in vot opait and appiopnated l<u
tho IN' of said rood : Prnvidrd, That, so <?oon as a eon!met
is made, in pursuance ot 'he provisions of thi> act, toi the
construction ot said 10 id, it shall be the duly ot tne l'le.-i-
d'jnt to cause tho pabhe lands. lor foity mil< ■< on each >ide
of so much of said :oad as the contiactimr patty shall indi-
cate, to be withheld fiom settlement, sale, or occupation,
until tlie J.nids shall h ive been survey ed and the alternate
section^ selected a> piovided form thU act.
Src. 0. Jlwl be it fir,ther enacted, That, ui miking said
contr.ict. it -hall b^'-tnaiSated that none of said lands ate
to be conveyed to the connecting pairy until one seetion of
twenty-five miles is completed and in -<ncce-sful operation,
when the President shall convey to the said contracting
paity tinee fouitiis of the land peifairun? to the section so
completed, iot:"ninj( tne one fourth a^ security foi the com-
pletion of the middle division; and in like manner the Pies- .
ident shall comey to the conuactniir paity tlnee fourths of i
the lauds pertaining to each section on the eastern and
western divisions of said road until said divisions are fin-
ished. And it shall be fuither stipulated and piovided that,
whenever one section of twenty-five miles of said middle
divisjou is completed, the President shall convey to the
contracting paity the lands retained on the sections lirot
completed on the eastern division and on the sections first
completed on the westein division, and so on, in like man-
ner, till the middle division shall be completed, and all the
lands retained on the eastern and western divisions shall be
conveyed to the said contracting party ; and said contiaet
shall require that the United States mails shall at all tunes
be carried on said road, under the direction and control of
the Postmaster General; and all other Government trans-
portation provided for in this act shall be performed under
the direction of the piopei depaitments, respectively, and
the compensation therefoi, at the prices specified in said
contiact. shall be regularly paid ftom the Treasury of the
United States quarterly, or at such times as may be agreed
upon.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed, so soon as one
section of twenty-five miles of said eastern or western di-
vision js made and put into succeessful opmation. to cause
to bo issued to said contracting party bonds of the United
States, bearing not exceeding fivp per centum per annum
inteiest; which interest shall be payable semi-annually, and
the pnncjpal payable nineteen yeais trom the date of then
issue, to the amount of $12,500 for each mile of the ?ame ;
and m like manner,"when anothei section of twenty-fivo
miles of said divisions 13 made and put into successful op-
eration, an equal amount of bonds shall be issued and de-
livered to said coiitiaetinj? paitv, and so with each succeed-
1115 section, until the whole road shall have been completed
through said divisions: Piovided, That the entire amount
of boiuU hcieby authouzed to be issued on account of said
road shall m no event exceed,in the aggregate, the sum of
$16,0Ul),oy0, it bem<* the intent of this act to advanec to the
contracting party $12,50!.) lor cach mile of load completed
and put into successful operation on said eastern and west-
ern divisions; winch sum of money thus advanced, together
with the interest thei eon, is to be icpaid to the United States
by the said contiactmg pa<ty in the tianspoitation and ser-
vice provided iorjn thi> act; and no compensation, other
than the lands apjTtopuated and bonds authouzed to be is-
sued bv tins act. shall be made to the contiaeling party for
transpoit'inon and soivice rendered under their contracts,
until the value of such hausporration and service shall bo
equal to the a^iirc^ate amount ot tne piineipa! and mteiest
or soul bonds . Provided, That all the it on ncccs.-aiy to con-
stiuet said railioad, and which may compose the track of
ti ft same, shall be of American manufacture.
S;.c. 8 And he it, fvrthei cnacled, That the President be,
am! lie is hereby, fn.rhei authouzed and directed, ^o *oon
a,- one section of twenty-five miles of satd ni"'d!e division
shall he completed and put in successful operation, to cause
to be i?'-uod to said contracting paity bonds of the United
States ma'uim<j thuty yeaii alter then date, beaiin;? intei est
not e\c''edmg five per centum per annum, to the amount o f
$:25.u00 pei mile, and so on, m like manne., for cach section
of twenty-five miles, until said middle division shall be com-
pleted ; which bonds shall be a lust lien oil said roadtVom its
eastern to its western terminus, and be rci-nhuisable, to-
pretbci with the interest, in transportation and mad seivicc ;
the bonds issued as heiemhefore provided shall be first paid,
attci which the whole amount of compensation for service
to the Government shall be applied toward the cancellation
of the principle and interest on the bonds issued on the mid-
dle division, until the whole amount thereof shall be paid
in full.
Slc. 9. And beit fuither enacted, That should said con-
ti acting patty neglect, ret use, oi m any way fail to pio-cente
the wotk undertaken by liicm in a manner to secuie tho
completion theicof m "compliance with the contiact, oi
should violate tlie tennsoi said contiact,then all n<jhu of
e,aid eontiactmg paity to said load, right of wav, lands, or
other property peiUuiung thereto, including.-.uch amountof
the deposited stocks, if any, that may lem.u.) unexpended,
'-hall b.> and Ifcom-i foi felted, and the United States may
enter upon and retain the same.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend the first
section, and I intend to move two or three fur-
ther amendments, to secure tho object the Senator
from Pennsylvania has m view in presenting it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mnond-
mont proposed by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, is not to the first section of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. }]ut (propose to amend the
first section of his amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is in or-
der.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out after the
word "division," in the third line, the words
" of equal length," and to insert after the word
"middle," in the fourth line, the words " tlie east-
ern division shall be five hundred miles in length,
and the middle and western divisions of equal
length."
I will state the object which I have in view in
moving thin amendment. The difficulty, as is ad-
mitted on all hands, of building this road, is m
regard fo the central and western portions of it.
The first five hundred miles on the eastern divi-
sion, which ever way you choose to go_, run
through one of the finest and richest countries on
thcglobe. If you start ns this bill will allow you to
start, on the Missouri river between the forty-sec-
ond and forty-third parallels, you can pass through
eight and a half degrees of latitude until you strike
the frontiers of Texas. You can pass one hundred
miles on the front of Nebraska, two hundred^
miles on the front of Kansas, one hundred miles
through the Indian territory, a rich and beautiful
country. Here are five hundred miles of territo-
ry where the land would sell to-day at auction s
