THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1859.
New Series....No. 92.
they give one hundredth part of the receipts of
that office. They may not be technically cor-
rect, but there must he a division of it.
This is true; and yet, who supposes that you
can substitute any other means of conveyance
and take the mails away from the railroads r The
community in the adjacent neighborhood would
not abide by it an hour. Do you suppose that
they would consent to take post coaches between
here and New York instead of the railroad ser-
vice, although you could get it for one twentieth
part of the cost? Not at all. I wish the inform-
ation because I believe it would silence this whole
matter; that there is no such thing as undertaking
to say a particular route pays so much, and there-
fore ought to be continued, and another one pays
only so much, and therefore ought to be discon-
tinued.
Then, as the Senator from Mississippi said,
how will you estimate it in regard to the lateral
routes? Why, sir, the great artery, the great
through route, receives its supplies from the lat-
eral communication like the Erie canal. New
York' has had the subject up again and again of
disposing of the lateral canals, because they did
not pay; but the answer is, take the tolls that they
collect on the Erie canal that are received from |
produce that comes upon it through these lateral !
canals, and then they do pay, and it is worth '
while to keep them up. Take the route from •
New York to the west boundary of Iowa, receiv-
ing its lateral communications all along going on
to this route and paying or being chargeable to
it: and how will you divide it? Then, as was
stated, here are ten thousand letters upon which
postage is prepaid in New York and sent to Mich-
igan, and ten thousand put in the various offices
in Michigan and sent back to New York: how
will you divide it?
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator
from Michigan that the amendment is modified.
Mr. STUART. I know that, and I am only
sorry that every Senator can talk as much as he
chooses except me. I had nearly completed ali
that 1 had to say, because this thing will be re-
newed here, and because I desired in a few min-
utes to show, as well as I could, that the founda-
tion of the plan which was supposed would fur-
nish the remedy would only show that there was
no such remedy to be obtained. I therefore with-
draw my proposition, and leave the vote to be
taken upon the modified proposition of the Sen-
ator from Virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia as
modified.
Mr. YULEE, Does that propose an annual
report, or only one at the next session of Con-
gress ?
Mr. HUNTER. One at the next session.
Mr. YULEE. Then I withdraw my substi-
tute, and I am willing to agree to that.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will ask the Senator from
Florida, if he has withdrawn the section offered
by him ?
Mr. YULEE. I have withdrawn it as a sub-
stitute. 1 shall offer it separately, since^ the
amendment of the committee has been modified.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand this amend-
ment is reduced to a simple report of what the
effect will be of abolishing the post coaches and
coming down to the star bids.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS. Upon that question, after
this long discussion, if I, can get the attention of
the Senate, I would like to make a suggestion or
two to those who have been taking an interest in
this subject, to show what I believe to be the
method to reach this evil. I do not think the
evil originates in the section which is proposed to
be repealed by the Senator from Florida, and I
will state the reason why I do not. It is, because
that has been inoperative ever since it passed.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that that section will be up immedi-
ately. It is not now before the Senate. It was
withdrawn as a substitute.
92
Mr. SIMMONS. But I want to get at the
foundation of the difficulty, and then F have an
amendment in my hand which I shall propose,
that will reach it. I am going to speak of the
subject now before us. I understand that an
amendment is to be proposed to repeal the law
which says^that, notwithstanding the'diminution
of revenue and of the postages, he shall still con-
tinue these post routes. Whether that is opera-
tive or not, depends upon whether the revenue
was reduced; does it not? I ask the Senator from
Vermont, who was at the head of that Depart-
ment, if the revenue did fall, if it was not, in 1853
and 1853, commensurate with the outlay ? I have
heard it read, and it is stated that the expenses of
1853 did not get up to $4,800,000. The Senator
read it the other day.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; I showed that imme-
diately after the passage of the act of 1851, the
revenues began to fall very largely, and that in
the year 1858 they had only 
Mr. SIMMONS. What was the expense? I
do not go to 1858; I want to go to 1853. I think
the Senator read that the expenses came up to
$4,800,000 in 1853.
Mr. YULEE. Just now, do you mean?
Mr. SIMMONS. A few days ago.
Mr. YULEE. What does the Senator mean
by expenditure?
Mr. SIMMONS. Transporting the mails.
Mr. YULEE. I gave no tables in respect to
the expense. I gave tables in respect to the in-
come.
Mr. SIMMONS. In 1853, the income was
§4,800,000, and the expense of transporting the
mail §4,200,000. I want the Senator from Vir-
ginia to separate these two items, the income from
the outlay, and you will find that the whole dis-
parity in the receipts and expenditures has arisen
from the enormous increase of the outlay. You
will find that under this low late of postage our
income has greatly increased, and increased faster
than the population of the country. It is now
about seven or eight millions—$7,000,000, per-
haps, excluding the foreign postage. Is not that
as large an increase, from 1853, or from 1851, as
you would expect? It is an increase much larger
than that of population; but the expenditures of
the Government are beyond all reason. They
have been so augmented by reason of the mode
of letting the mails, and I propose to bring the
mail letting back to what the law of 1845 enacted;
and if the Senator 
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island to let the vote be taken
on this amendment first.
Mr.SlMMONS. I wanttoamend that amend-
ment so that there shall be no more mail lettings
in any other way than the law provided; that is,
to have reference to the due celerity and security
of the mails.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island offers an amendment, to add to the
amendment the following:
And in all future lemngs lie shall let to the lowest bidder,
having let'crence, m the mode of transportation, to the due
celerity, ceitamty, and secmity of the mails.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to add as a new section:
Jliid be it further enacted, That the number of route ajreilts,
express route agents, loe.il agents and mail messengers,
shall not exceed the number employed on the 30th day of
.Tune, 1853, nor shall the whole amount paid for such agents
and messengers exceed the sum of §400,(500.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out 1858 and inserting 1857.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we had better not
attempt more than we can certainly carry. It is
undoubtedlyiust to limit it to what was expended
in June, 1858. Let us begin with some limita-
tion that we can carry, and not go too far; be-
cause, if we do, we will fail in everything.
Mr. WILSON. I find, Mr. President, that we
had, in 1857, four hundred and forty route agents,
twenty-eight special agents, one thousand four
hundred and sixty-four mail messengers; in all,
nearly two thousand of these officers, and the ex-
penditures were nearly five hundred thousand dol-
lars. I have no doubt, from the information I
have, that they have been largely increased within
the last two years. If this amendment be adopted,
there will be, I think, one thousand nine hundred
and fifty-two of these officers left. Those officers
certainly can perform the duties as well now aa
they did in 1857. I hope, therefore, that we shall
go back to the time when we had the evidence of
how many officers we had. I have no evidence
of the number employed in 1858.
Mr. HUNTER. Iam afraid the amendment
of the committee reduces the compensation too
much. The present compensation for all these
officers is $577,373. Is it in order to move to
amend the amendmentofthe committee before the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts is
offered ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator may-
modify his amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 have no power to modify
it, because it comes from the committee. The
reduction is a little too much. The present com-
pensation is $577,000,and the amendment reduces
it' to §400,000. 1 move to substitute $500,000,
instead of $400,000
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order
by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. HUNTER. Four hundred thousand dol-
lars was the report of the committee. I move to
insert $500,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am opposed to that
modification.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it is not in
order; as an amendment to an amendment is be-
fore the Senate. Presently it will be in order.
The question is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurredon the amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move the amendment
to insert $500,000, instead of $400,000; that will
be a reduction of $77,000. The amendment will
then read:
That the number of loute agents, express route agents,
local agent~, and mail messengers, shall not exceed the
mimbei employed on the 30tli day of June, lBoS, nor shall
the whole amount paid to such messengers and agents ex-
ceed the sum of $'500,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am opposed to that
amendment. The pending amendment had ref-
erence to two things. We believed the amount
proposed there to be sufficient. There has been
a very great increase of all those officers. I be-
lieve, by cutting it down to $400,000, the Post-
master General would not only not exceed the
number of officers employed at the certain time,
which it prohibits, but that he would actually re-
duce the number of officers, and in many cases
reduce the pay. I believe it has been the course
of the Department for the last two years to in-
crease those officers without any good reason, and
to avery large and unnecessary extent. Just look
at it; more than half a million dollais—nearly six
hundred thousand dollars—are expended merely
for the payment of these route agents and messen-
gers. It is enormous of itself, and I have believed
and still believe that there might be a very great
reduction. If-we limit it to the amount named
in the amendment, it will effect a large saving
in comparison with the whole amount, and it will
effect another object: it will have a tendency to
limit somewhat a power that has been used, in
my judgment, for other purposes than for the
be nefit of the Post Office Department, and the Post
Office business. I therefore hope that the amend-
ment the committee offered in the first place will
be adopted,and not theamendmentof my friend,
the chairman of the committee.
Mr. YULEE. The increase in the number of
route and local agents, since the present incum-
bent of the office has been in charge, has been very
