376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
voted against those amendments-,) - with a few
friencis of the bill, the amendments have been
voted -down. The friends of the Pacific railroad
have been unable to perfect the bill in such a shape
that they can vote for it; and I am free to say
that it cannot-receive my support in its present
shape.
I was almost ready to move to lay the whole
subject on the table when I saw that a majority
of the Senate were disinclined to fix any limit as
to where the road shall be built. But, sir, I have
still some hope that a limitation may be put on
the route, or that provision will be made for re-
porting the contract which may be made, to Con-
gress for satisfaction. In that event, Congress
would have some control over it; but after the
experience we have had of the manner in which
executive officers of this Government construe
their authority under laws similar to the bill re-
ported by the Senator from California, unless
some such amendment as this be adopted, it is
manifest the hill can receive no considerable sup-
port in the Senate; for those persons who have
voted against a limitation will, the great mass of
them, vote against any limitation whatever; some
for constitutional reasons, and others, perhaps,
from considerations of policy; at any rate, for
leasons satisfactory to themselves-. Therefore,
I trust the amendment will he adopted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, I hone this
amendment will be adopted. 1 do not pretend to
disguise my opinion that, so far as I am con-
cerned, I regard this whole Pacific railroad busi-
ness as a magnificent humbug, and nothing else.
Take, the northern, southern, or middle route,
and if we had the road made over any of those
routes, and given to us to-morrow, it would cost,
as some Senators admitted here, $10,000,000 to
run it. The news is just as good and fresh, and
letters are just as sweet, when they come around
by the Isthmus, as they would be if they came
across in this way. I have no faith in the project
of building a railroad over mountains and through
deserts where there is neither wood, nor water,
nor population, nor anything else, to sustain it.
I believe the southern portion of Kansas now is
about the geographical center of the temtonal
• possessions of the United States, and we have not
even got a railroad out that far. The Govern-
ment has broken down, and is iu debt, and it is
getting deeper in debt every day. To give away
your domain and give away your money for this
purpose, is all nonsense. Without this amend-
ment, the Executive is to have almost unlimited
power to make a contract, as if ho was cutting
a canal across the Isthmus of Suez, making a
march across the continent greater than the march
Napoleon made with his grand army to Moscow;
and it will be just as disastrous to us. Ir. will he
as disasrious as was the retreat of Cyrus and his
Persians. When you stait out the President on
this business, and tell him to make a trade, why
should not Congress ovetlv'ok the trade ? I know i
the present Executive; I have nothing to say !
against him, standing here, as I do, a sort of s« h- |
tary monument to the geuius and conservatism, '
and, I trust, common sense, of the oid Whig !
party [Laughter.] I am left alone by myself, i
still cherishing their notions and their feelings. !
in regnrd to this railroad, you propose to make
him an autocrat to make a contract that will bank-
rupt the country. John Law, with his banking
notions, and all the hankiupt notions that ever
came over the country, could not come up to it.
Why, sir, your ocean telegraph scheme that
you all voted for two years ago, and that I op-
posed, is but a bauble to this thing; it does not
begin to equal it. You arc going to turn the Pres-
ident loose, and let him make pretty much snch a
contract as he pleases. Well, sir, the President
is a clever old gentleman, and mee enough in
every way to me; but 1 never litvud that he was
a good trader, or a good survtyor, or much of
a geographer; nor do i think, looking at him, that
he would do exactly to make this sort of trade.
He will, I fear, fail into the hands of jobbers
and speculator and traders. Your President will
be worse than the man who went down to Jeri-
cho, and fell into the hands of robbers. [Laugh-
ter.] I suppose this hill is to be pressed as"an
indorsement of the Cincinnati platform, which
contains a Pacific railroad plank. Well, sir, the
Cincinnati platform is a very nicc business. We
all know how such things are got up—by a par-
are a or
innt qu
eel of young fellows in county meetings. They
are got up by different interests. Youngsters on
a frolic, taking it for a44 bust," go there, and they
substitute a sort of second constitution to over-
rule and control us here. I know that in my own
county in Kentucky, they had a Democratic cau-
cus, and absolutely indorsed the Dred Scott de-
cision before I ever got to see it in Washington
here, [laughter;] and they indorsed the Cincinnati
platform, I belie ve, before that was in print. They
go along tumbling in this way, until, I believe,
everybody in my State has gone in for a Pacific
railroad.
Sir, the sense and the conservatism of the Sen-
ate should stand as a barrier against popular
clamor and nonsense. There is nothing in this
road; and it has been living here now longer than
it ought to live. My friend from Texas [Mr.
Houston] said, the other day, that he was rather
a dead man. I know I am a corpse too; I am to
be laid out on the 4th of March, and I see seve-
ral other gentlemen who are in equally bad health.
[Laughter.] But for the sake of the country, and
for the sake of sense, I ask the Senate not to
sanction an illimitable, unlimited, and nonsensical
thing like this. If there is a man here who has
a particle of the spirit and genius of the old Whig
party in him, I ask him not to turn loose your
magnificent autocratical President to make such
a contract as this. Why, sir, the loan of Eng-
land for carrying on the French war will hardly
come up to what this will amount to by the time
you carry it through. Let Congress have a chance
to look at it, at any rate as this amendment pro-
poses. We might get tired of the trade on look-
ing over it. I am lor Congress looking over it,
and I am for that on the simple ground that I be-
lieve everybody in my'country at present is for
the road, hut they do not know anything about
it. [Laughter.] They are blinded by its mag-
nificence; They are taken with its grandeur; they
t of moon-struck by its shining and brill-
alities. Sir, the- road ought to be killed,
and killed outright; but if it is not, gentlemen
should not give the President the unlimited power
to commit, us to a great expenditure, and, the re-
sult may be, to inarch olf the population of the
country in that direction.
I heaid the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Toomtm] aav the other day that, considering the
way our people were taxed, it had got to be a seri-
ous question whether the Government was worth
as much as it cost. Well, sir, through your tariff,
you are raising now, from twenty-five millions of
people, ^,75,000,000. Prom nine to ten millions
of them are negroes, women, and children; and
one half ot the others are loafers and insolvents.
[Laughter.] When you come down to the people
who ically pay, it is a vast amount of money to
the Federal Government. Those people have to
educate their children, to pay their State taxes,
their county taxes, and their .school tax. Though
it said to be within the Saxon blood that we
always rebel at taxation, we are the most roundly
and soundly and insidiously and clandestinely
taxed people now on the face of the earth. [Laugh-
ter.] That is the fact. I know South Carolina
used to cry out against it, and talk about getting
out of the Union. JNTo wonder; she is raising cot-
ton, and getting heavily taxed. I will not say, as
an English statesman said of the English people,
that woare taxed while kv.ng, taxed m our clothes,
taxed in our light, taxed in our victuals, taxed in
our glass, and taxed when wo die, because we have
to be buried in woolen. We have run this thing
far enough, without making a railroad through an
Indian country three thousand mrlcs from here.
It is worse than the Atlantic telegraph. But if
we are to make if, I do not want Mr. Buchanan
to make the trade for me. We have a better trader
in my county, who will take anything, from a ne-
gro plantation, or bales of cotton, down to a horse
or a hog contract. [Laughter.] The President, m
virtue of being the President, is not endowed with
any trading properties. I have nothing to say in-
dividually against him; but I doubt whether he
can do his own marketing as sensibly as any other
body that is going about.
Let Congress look in.to this matter, and let us
quit tins everlasting pondering to popular clamor
and popular taste. Why, I read in a paper this
morning about propositions for seven new Terri-
tories. We are to fix them up and sustain and
support them. It seems to have become a com-
mon notion that it is our mission (if I may use
the^ expression) to propagate and send forward
and colonize and Christianize and people waste
places. I think we ought to attend to home af-
fairs, and think of those things afterwards.
Now, sir, without pretending to go into this
subject at all, I make these desultory remarks.
The Executive power has increased, and is in-
creasingjand ought to be diminished. I know it
has been flaunted at the head of some banners in
this country. 1 admit that if this amendment be
put on, I cannot go for the bill; and if others be
put on, I cannot go for it then; because, while I
cannot trust the judgment of the President, I
would not trust the humbuggery of Congress.
.[Laughter.]
Mr. GWIN'. I will say to the Senators from
Illinois and Vermont, that the intention of the
committee in drawing this bill was to exclude
the President from having any power in locating
the road; and ar.yameudment that either of those
Senators will prepare for the purpose of accom-
plishing that object, and making the language
plainer than it is in the bill, certainly will receive
my support; and, I believe, that of every member
of the committee. That was the intention of the
committee in framing it.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin will be adopted. It is
the only security we shall have that the different
sections of the country will have a fair opportu-
nity for the location of the route. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] yesterday gave us
the doctrines of squatter sovereignty on this bill.
We had then the same doctrines which we have
heard him proclaim so often about fairness to all
sections, and leaving them "perfectly free."
Well, sir, a few years ago, the people who went
into the Territories were to be " perfectly free"
to settle their own institutions, according to the
Constitution and the Supreme Court's interpreta-
tion of it. and we know how much that amounts
to. Now the contractors are to be perfectly free
in this case to settle this question. Thev are to
be perfectly free to do the will of the President.
That is all the freedom they have got; and every-
body knows that the President is to make this
bargain, and according to the terms of this bill
he will dictate the route. If you had selected the
route within certain degrees of latitude, we should,
have been willing to have it made anywhere within
those degrees; but the Senate has voted down that
limitation. As has been said, the opponents of
this bill, joining with those who wanted a peculiar
route, have voted that proposition down. Now,
the proposition is made that after the President
makes the bargain for the location of this road
across the continentaccording to the terms of this
bill, the con tract shall come here that we may have
an opportunity to pass upon it. i shall vote for
that proposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays; re-
sulted—yeas 84, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Rate-. Hell, .'Jeninmin, Broderick,
Camcion, Chandiei, Clark, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohule,
Douglas, Duskde. Fes^enden, Fonei, Gicen, Dale, IT,im-
hn, Hammond, Harlan, Kin1!, Mallory, Mason, Peaiee,
PujiIi, Simmons, Thompson ot Kentucky, Toombs, Tium-
bull, Wade, and "Wil.-on—3l.
NAYS—Messrs. Bmlei, lJiown, Che-nut, Clay, Cling-
man, Davis, Fitch, Fuzpatiiok, Fool, Gw.n, Iloa-ton. Iver-
son,Johnson of Alkali©:*-*, John-nn or' Tenne^ee, Jones,
Polk, Real, ltice, S, banian, ceward, Shields, Shdell,
Stuart, Waid, and Wi,gbt—
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now propose to amend the
sixth section of the amendments of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, by striking out in the fifth and
sixth lines the words " three fourths"and insert-
ing *' one half;" in the seventh line, by striking
out " one fourth" and inserting " one half;" and
in the ninth line, by striking out " three fourths"
and inserting " one half." This will reserve one
half the lands on tho.eastern and western divis-
ions, for the purpose of completing the central
division. My object is, as I have stated, to use
these valuable lands at the ends of the road to
build the difficult part.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to know from gen-
tlemen who arc making these propositions what
they mean by the divisions. I should like to
know beyond what meridian of longitude-the first
division goes.
Mr. WILSON. The first division goes which-
ever way the road is located. It may be started
