1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1461
pany with the collector of the port of Philadel-
phia, ami told him he should hove a certain por-
tion of the profit of printing blanks. Why, sir,
the whole matter is profit. The printing is not
done in Washington; it is not done in Philadel-
phia; .but it is done somewhere in the State of
New Jersey, or the State of New York bordering
on New Jersey. It amounts to $40,000, I be-
lieve.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me to
ask him a question. I want to probe this matter.
Did this Mr. Rice tell y u so?
Mr. CAMERON. Just wait until I get done,
and then I will tell you how to get the informa-
tion. Eveiybody about here, except the Senator
from Virginia, perhaps, has heard this story.
Why, it is common talk, and I am surprised that
he has not heard it, for he generally hears all
he ousht to know; but everybody else has heard
it. There has been a quarrel between this distin-
guished individual, Mr. Rice, and the President.
My colleague knows Mr. Rice very well. He
knows all about him.
This whole business of printing blanks is all
profit. Some man in New York or New Jersey
ha-s got the blanks stereotyped, and he does the
work, and they pay him a particular sum and divide
the rest among themselves, he getting the small-
est portion. Now, the way to get at this informa- ,
fion is to raise a committee of investigation, or tell j
somebody to sue me, say that I have slandered !
them, or I have done some wrong under the law,
and bring me up, if you like, and I will bring out
the facia; or gfH up a committee of investigation ■
of this body, and bring the President of theUni- !
ted States and Billy Rice and Mr. Wendell here,
and the punter of the blanks from New Jersey,
and they will tell you the whole story. It is a
fraud, and the President has been knowing to the
whole of it. He knows all about it; the collector
of the port of Philadelphia knows all about it; and
I think my colleague knows something about it.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me one
moment. His colleague has not answered my
question yet. Did this Mr. Rice tell you so?
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir; I do not talk to
Mr. Rice.
Mr. MASON. Very well; then the Senator
brings what is called hear-say information, which
lie says is current every where.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me one moment, I am responsible here and in
every place for what I have said on this subject.
Mr. MASON. Nobody doubts the tiuth of
what the Senator says; but what he says amounts
to nothing; and nobody ought to know it better
than that Senator. I asked him if he had been
told by anybody, and he gives us the rumor of
the day. Now, it may be true for all I know. I
say, with perfect frankness, I never heard it. The
Senator seems to have been cognizant of these
rumors. He talks about the editor of the Penn-
sylvania!!, the collector of Philadelphia, (a gen-
tleman whom I do not know,) and the President
of the United States; and when wc come to ask
for the proof, he says it is the rumor of the day,
and everybody knows it. Now, I submit to that
honorable Senator,, is that the mode of dealing
with alleged practices in the Government, before
the Senate and the country ? If he has informa-
tion which satisfies his judgment, let him ask a
committee and probe it; but to bring these rumors
here and assail A, B, C, and D, propagating ru-
mors upon what that honorable Senator says he
knows nothing except rumor, I submit to him
whether it is dealing with the question in the
manner that the country has a right to expect it
should be dealt with*
Mr. BIGLER. Whatever wrong to the Gov-
ernment may be connected with this subject be-
longs to Congress. I venture to assert, without
fear of contradiction, that this whole business
has been performed according to law. The print-
ing of the Post Office blanks is provided for in
the general law providing for the election of a
Public Printer for Congress, and fixing the prices.
In that law the discretion is given to the head of
the Post Office Department to select the printer of
blanks; so that this work may go to the printer
elected by Congress, or it may go to an individual
selected by the head of that Department. There
is no doubt at all that the price for printing the
blanks, as a separate item, is very high; but it
was one item in the general schedule of prices
fixed by Congress in the act of 1852. it has
doubtless become the most profitable part of the
Public Printing, and the price is entirely to high;
but the expenditure has been made according to
law, and neither the Department nor the Presi-
dent can be held accountable; nor are the public
interested, to the slightest extent,in the selection
of the printer. The work will cost the same
amount, no matter who does it, and the Depart-
ment had a right to select whom it pleased.
I believe that, for part of the time, this print-
ing has gone to the congressional Printer, and,
for part of the time, the Postmaster General has
designated the individual who should execute the
work. At present it is executed by the con-
gressional Printer. It is true that Mr. Rice, who,
at one time, was the proprietor of the Pennsyl-
vanian, had this work awarded to him; and it is
true that he made arrangements with the Public
Printer to execute the work, and got paid, accord-
ing to law. As to the extent of the profits, I know
nothing, except what I have heard Mr. Rice say;
and that was enough to convince me that the price
was too high. But I had heard that the Public
Printer made it special ground of complaint that
this work did not go to him as all the other work
did; that it was taking from him the most profit-
table part of the work provided for in the law
under which he was selected Printer.
Now, sir, all the connection the Postmaster
General may have had with this subject, has been
in pursuance of law, and the public has not been
wronged out of a farthing. If an exorbitant rate
has been paid, the fault was here; and the bill
under consideration proposes a remedy; and I do
not doubt that the balance that remains to the
congressional Printer, aside from this valuable
item, is sufficient to compensate him.
But, sir, my colleague is by no means justi-
fied in the imputations which he would cast upon
the President on this subject. The Piosident had
a right to favor the application of Mr. Rice, or
any other man, for this work, as had I, or any
other person. I do not hesitate to say, that I
know there was a contost for this work, and I
favored the selection of a man from my own
State; and after a contest of considerable length,
the work was assigned to him, and I believe he
had it until some time in August last, when some
controversy arose between him and the congres-
sional Printer, who had been executing the work
under an arrangement with Mr. Rice, and be-
tween these parties the piofits were divided. For
some time past, the work has gone to the Public
Printer. It goes there now. This is the history
of thp affair, so far as I know it. I understand
Mr. Rice to complain, that under the assignment
by the Postmaster General, he has received no
share of this woik since August last; but that is
a matter between him and Mr. Wendell, in which
the public have no interest. Rice is not now
connected with the paper or the public printing;
and, so far as my knowledge goes, he, and he
only, has lecetved the compensation for his part
of this work, po Ions as lie had it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question ? I would ask him
when the Postmaster General assigned this work
at the high price which he says it was, whether
Mr. Rice was permitted to have the avails of it—
the pay ? Did Mr. Rice, to whom the Postmaster
General assigned this woik, have the pay ?
Mr. BIGLER. Most undoubtedly; so far as
my knowledge goes, he was to get the pay.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do you know whether he
was permitted to retain it?
Mr. BIGLER. I never hoard him allege that
any part of the pay was taken from him. There
is a dispute between him and the panter that exe-
cuted the work.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 shall un-
doubtedly vote for the amendment which is now
proposed by the Senator fiom Massachusetts.
He has certainly touched a point upon which I
can, and have in fact, no knowledge in legard to
it paiticularly, but I must say that I think I felt
the influence of that point at one time from some
quarter so strongly, that I was convinced it had
a direct relation upon the fate of a bill that now
lies upon the table of the other branch of this
Congress, and which never will pass. At the last
session of Congress, after being laboriously en-
gaged upon the particular subject of publifc print-
ing for three years, in which every little feature
and point had been collected by which we could
put the public printing upon a sound footing, a
bill was brought in by the Committee on Printing,
and fully discussed, not only publicly here, but
it had been submitted to those known as the econ~
omists in this body, in order that they mig&t
themselves make every investigation upon the
subject that they could. After it passed, one o€
the most offensive features in that bill, somehow
or other, was the one which came in conflict with
this little matter about printing blanks. That bill
is dead now, I presume. Iws on the table of the
House, and it will never be revived, I think
there is no power that can raise it. It threw
guards around the Treasury in every instance in
which they could possibly be provided for, and
made every reduction which we believed could
possibly pass. That bill was passed here by a
very large majority, after a very full discussion.
It has never been heard of since. I know that
one of the most noted points of objection was the
fact, that that bill came in conflict with this mat-
ter of printing blanks. Who it is that takes
charge of it to that degree that it cannot get along,
I do not know, and I am not able to say. I have
heard sufficient to know that that has had cer-
tainly a very strong influence upon the fate of a
bill that was laboriously prepared, carefully con-
sidered, and passed" through this body.
I shall vote for the motion to reduce the pay for
this printing to $40,000; and if the Senator should
say $25,000, I shall come down to $25,000. But
I wish to say that I do not believe, for one mo-
ment, m the justice of that which I do not know
how to denominate, unless I denominate it an
imputation cast by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Cameron] on the President. I do not
believe it. 1 know nothing that would lead to any
connection in that direction at all with this sub-
ject: and I do not believe that the Senator is jus-
tified in making that chaige. No doubt, he be-
lieves it himself, but I do not believe it.
Mr. PUGH. I do not want to engage in this
discussion 
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator will
allow me a moment. I do not desire to delay the
passage of this bill, but I wish to state that I shall
offer a resolution that will show my sincerity
upon this subject. It is a resolution asking for
a committee of inquiry on the subject.
Mr. PUGH. I purposely avoided making any
reference to individuals. 1 shall not do so now,
further than to say that the Senator from Arkan-
sas, and the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Bxgleu,] substantially admit that the law on this
subject is so very defective as'that it is a very
gross expenditure of public money, and leads to
sub-letting of contracts, it is in the eleventh sec-
tion of the act relating to public printing, passed,
I think, in 1852. That section is in these words:
u Sec 11. And he it further enacted, That the same prices
shall be pnitl lor printing for the Executive Departments
that aie paid for punting tor Congress, except for printing
post-bill^, which shall be printed on paper not less than
sixteen by twenty-six inches, and for punting on parch-
ment. Theie shall be paid for punting the post-hilisat the
rate of one dollar per thousand sheets, and at the rate of ten
dollais per thousand for printing parchments ; but nothing
shall be allowed for altering post-bills, when the alteration
counts in the mere change of a postmaster's name; and
I nothing herein contained shall prevent the heads of Exec-
1 utivp Departments from employing punters out of the city
' of Washington to execute sueh printing for any of saidDe-
| pnrimenu a« maybe leqmred for use out of Washington,
I vv hen the same can be executed elsewhere as cheap as at
: the rates herein specified ; mci eased by the cost of trans-
1 porting the printed mattei to the tfute or States where such
, matter may be required for u>e in the public service."
i I think that the whole section ought to be re-
1 pealed, and the price fixed. At all events, one
dollar per thousand sheets for these post-bills is
, from sixty-six to seventy-five per cent, more than
1 the work is worth. That assertion, I feel confi-
dent will come oat, and will be proven by your
committee of investigation if you get it. Now,
I do not say who got this money. The contract,
it is said, was given to Mr. Rice. I have heard,
and heard on veiy good authority, that Mr. Rice
! did not do the work—not a page of it. The Pub-
! lie Printer did not do it—not a line of it. It was
done in the State of New Jersey, as stated by the
j Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.]
i How many hands it passed through before it
i came to him, 1 do not know; but certainly it had
j influence enough to defeat the bill which I recol-
lect very well was reported by the Committee on
