1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Printing, and which we passed in the Senate,and
it was sufficient to induce the House of Repre-
sentatives to take the exttaordinary stop of taking
a bill which had gone to two conferences, recon-
sidering amendments to which they had agreed,
shuffiing those amendments into a pile, and send-
ing them to a third conference, and casting them
all out on the last, day of the session—a transac-
tion which, I think, ought to be exposed; and I
hope, when the Senator gets up the committee of
investigation, it will be exposed.
Mr. YULEE. X hope the Senate will take the
vote. We have several amendments yet to act
upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ueid in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I have another 
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senator will allow
me to otter two or three amendments. I will give
way directly to him. I have two or three small
amendments to offer. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to move
the amendment which I send to the Chair, and
which I will explain in a few woids. It is to in-
sert, as a new section:
•find be U further enacted, That the fourth section of the
act entitled u An act to make appropriations for I he trans-
portation of the United Slate* mail by ocean steamers and
otherwise," &c-,approved June 14.1858, be, and the >aiuc
is lieu by, amended so as to auihonzc the making of eon
tracts for eairymg the mails on the ! ea for any penod not
to exceed ten years, at the discietion ot the Postmaster
General.
Mr. President, the fifth section of the act of
June 14, 1853, directed contracts for ocean post
service to be confined to postages altogether. As
reported by the committee., it proposed an author-
ity to make contracts for ton years. In the Sen-
ate, and by hasty action, the Postmaster General
was limited to two years. The Postmaster Gen-
eral reports, that with an extension to ten years,
as proposed by the committee at the last session,
he thinks he will be able to maintain satisfacto-
rily the transatlantic service upon the ocean for
the postages. The committee have directed me
to move that amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 should like to inquire
why this amendment should not be put on the
mail steamer bill when it comes up. I hope that
it will not be adopted m this bill. 1 should like to
consider that whole subject together. 1 think there
is need of radical change in relation to this mat-
ter of steam line and ocean postage.
Mr. YULEE. 1 have no objection to withdraw
it, and move it to that bill if the Senator prefers
it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope it will go over
until that bill ia considered.
Mr. YULEE. I would as lief offer it to the
other bill as to this. I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be considered as withdrawn, if there is
no objection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. YULEE. The next amendment is in be-
half of the clerks of the city po.st office, which
I will send to the Chair. It is a prov taion which
has been made from year to year as a recompense
to them for the handling of free matter. It is to
insert, as a new section;
•find be it further enact rd, That the fomth section of the
act of Congic^s approved the ."all day of AngiH, lSVi, en-
titled " An act making approbation-* for the seiviceof the
I'o>t Office Depaitment during the fiscal year ending on
the 30th ot June, lb.Vi," he, and the same i- hereby, con-
tinued fioni August the 5th, 18o8, to August the oth, 3860.
Mr. STUART. i wish the chairman of the
Post Office Committee would state the effect of
that amendment, and I would be very much
obliged if I could get the attention of the Senate
to it. It has been continued from year to year,
giving extra pay to clerks in the city post office.
I have listened to it a £ood many times, and I
confess 1 have never been satisfied about it. The
chairman is undoubtedly familiar with the facts
in respect to it, and I should like to have them
stated.
Mr, YULEE. The fourth section of the act of
1854 authorized an allowance of one mill per pound
upon the weight of public documents printed by
order of Congress, and deposited in the city post
office, with the direction that the funds so allowed
should be distributed among the clerks engaged
in handling those documents, to an amount not
exceeding $250 to each, the balance to be ac-
counted for by the postmaster, and returned into
the Treasury.
Mr. STUART. State what these clerks get,
without this extra compensation.
Mr. YULEE. I cannot. They are generally
low salaries. 1 did send, this afternoon, for the
blue book, for the purpose of being prepared on
that point, but it was not brought to me. I under-
stand that, generally, the salaries are very low.
The quantity of free matter which is sent to the
post office, as I stated the other day, amounts to
some two hundred and seventy-five tons a month,
in the handling of which they are detained there,
generally, nearly half the night, and a number of
clerks, probably, the whole night. They are
obliged to make watches in distributing these
documents. This allowance has been continued
to them since the date of the original act of 1854,
each year without dissent. It is a very small
additional recompense to a body of officers who
are very diligent and very deserving, and who
have heavy labor to perform.
Mr. STUART. I regret that the chairman of
the committee has not that information as to the
salanes of these clerks without this extra com-
pensation. My belief is, when an individual is
engaged in the service of the United States as a
clerk, or in any other capacity, the United States
is entitled to his time, more or less. If his stated
salary be insufficient, increase it to a fixed stated
amount: but this system of extra compensation,
divided between these clerks, and carried on year
after year in the appropriation bills, is bad. It is
bad as a precedent, and I believe worse m prac-
tice. I was in hopes that, at this time, we would
get definite information; but, inasmuch as the
chairman has not got it, 1 hope that m this bill,
and with this information, the Senate will not
agree to it.
Mr. YULEE. What information do you
want.?
Mr. STUART. The amount of the salaries.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. YULEE I have one more amendment
to offer. It is an amendment which whs passed
by the Senate, as an amendment to the Post
Office lull, last year, but failed with all the other
amendments of the Senate. It was one of the
amendments agreed to by the House; but it was
dropped in the controversy which arose between
the two Houses. It is to insert as a new section:
•find be it Jut (her enacted. That the joint resolution of
Congress, ol August lb, 185{j. winch inovidcs thai iticie
shall he one pnnripal messenger in each of the bureau-' of
the several Executive Departments, at an annual salaiv of
§840 each, -ball he undeistood to embrace wuhut it-< hue
scope and meaning, the office of the Assistant Postmasters
Geneial.
That is intended to secure the construction that
was intended by the Finance Committee, to the
joint resolution which was reported by them.
Mr. l-IUNTER. I had always supposed that
they would be considered bureaus. In the class-
ification, clerks, and a principal messenger, were
given to each bureau. I had always supposed
an Assistant Postmaster General stood at the
head of a bureau. It seems, however, that they
construe, the act differently. I think they arc as
much entuleil as the other heads of bureaus to a
principal messenger.
Mr. YULEE. The Comptroller, upon a tech-
nical ground, says that he is not at liberty to re-
gard the Assistant Postmasters General as upon
the same footing with bureau officers, which was
the term used m the original resolution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I have now an amendment to
offer, upon which I hope the Senate will vote with-
out discussion. It is the bill which we passed a
few days since, precisely as it was passed by the
Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me to
have the vote taken on a few amendments before
that is offered ?
Mr. YULEE. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to amend the twen-
tieth line by striking out " fifty" and inserting
" forty," so that it will appropriate, for mail-
bags, $40,000. It is a reduction, only of twenty
per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move, in the twentieth line,
to strike out the word "eighty" and insert
" forty," so that it will appropriate, for blanks,
$40,000. -
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senator to give us
some explanation of the ground upon which he
proposes this reduction?
' Mr. WILSON. I have made all the necessary
explanations, I think. Under the provision of
that portion of the bill which provides that these
blanks shall be printed, notaccording to the pro-
visions of existing laws, but by the lowest bid-
der, I believe $40,000 will be ample. There is no
doubt about it. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I would be willing to vote that
the blanks should be printed by the lowest re-
sponsible bidder; but it requires that 1 should
have some reason given to me for reducing the
amount. I do not know what amount would suf-
fice. I do not pretend to know.
Mr. WILSON. Did the Senator from Missis-
sippi listen to the statements just now made, and
to the speech made by the Senator from Ohio?
That Senator said that he understood the profits
of this printing were at least sixty-six per cent.
Now, I take it, that anybody will print them at
a reasonable compensation; and, if the profits
were sixty-six, or fifty per cent., here is only a
reduction of fifty per cent. I hope, therefore, tho
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. DAYIS. I do not know upon what au-
thority the Senator from Ohio may state that. If
it is mere guess-woik, it will not do to grope in
the dark, and cut down merely by supposing that
a less sum will suffice. By letting out the print-
ing to the lowest bidder, I suppose we will get it
done by somebody at a rate at which they can
perform the service. If it is a service rendered,
let it be rendered as cheap as it can; but not at-
tempt by cutting down the same arbitrarily, per-
haps to deprive the Department of the means of
having the printing svhich it requires.
Mr. HALE. I think the honorable Senator
from Mississippi could not have been here when
we hod this discussion,
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir, I was not.
Mr HALE. I do not think it is fair for a
judge to come into court and give an opinion when
he has not heard the evidence.
Mr. DAVIS. It is fair for a man, before he
votes, to ask for an explanation. The amend-
ment is offered and no explanation given.
Mr. HALE. I shall have to call on the two
Senators from Pennsylvania again, and I declare
I do not want to do that. The amount of it was
that there had been $5,000 paid for the work,and
and $35,U00 was divided among favorites.
Mr. CHANDLER. Forty thousand dollars
was the amount.
Mr. HALE. Forty thousand dollars was the
whole sum. Five thousand dollars was paid to
do the work, and §35,000 divided among favor-
its.
Mr. DAVIS. On what evidence?
Mr. HALE. That has been discussed by the
Senator from Virginia and others.
Mr. DAVIS. I want the evidence and not the
discussion.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator would
have been satisfied if he had been in and heard
the remarks of the Senator from Arkansas, who
sustained the provision, and stated that the rates
were more than fifty per cent, above what they
should be, and were very extravagant. There is
no doubt but that wc can cut them down safely.
I have not the slightest doubt but that this work
can be done for $40,000.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Senator
will allow me before he takes his seat, I wish to
say that he has gone a little further than 1 did. I
beg to suggest to htm that 1 never sustained it
with regard to any specific amount, for I really
do not know what it costs, and ccrtainly said noth-
ing about it. I said I was satisfied that the print-
ing of blanks had gone too far, and was not right,
and I say so yet; but as to applying a remedy to
the prices of it in the shape of an amendment, I
cannot say how far you can go correctly.
I will fake occasion to say that the statements
made here which reflected seriously upon the
President, I do not believe at all. I forgot to say,
when I spoke before on this subject, but I must
beg to interpose it now, that I believe it does not
exist with regard to any of our public officers. It
might have, been supposed that I had intention-
