1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ssj;
to £o into executive session, because there is ex-
ecutive business which it is of importance to us
to transact. I move that the bill, together with
the pending amendments, be committed to the
committee that brought it in.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope very
much that will not be done yet. There are sev-
erafrother amendments that have been offered, and
several more that it is desirable should be o fib red
and voted upon. I believe it to be desirable that
we should ascertain, if it is possible to do so, by
votes iu the Senate, what project, if any, will be
countenanced by this body. I have serious doubts
whether any at ali will be; but I am very certain
that if we now refer it to another committee, that
committee will be in the dark as to the projects
which many gentlemen entertain and arc prepared
to effer. I hope the Senator will h-t us have a few
more votes on the bill. 1 am particularly desir-
ous that we should have the bill before us a little
longer, in consequence of the fact that ray col-
league and myself are instructed as to our vote by
the Legislature of Aikansas. They have leheved
us of the ttouble of thinking or debating on the
subject at oil. They have furnished us a straight
bne to pi-rsue. We very much desire to submit
thepioposit'on which they have instructed us to
si'fpoit. We do not wish to debate it. We do
not think that this enterpiise will find its life in
the debate here; and we do not wish even to dis-
cuss it.
I am exceedingly anxious that my colleague
shall have an opportunity to offer his amendment,
and that it shall be acted on, and either adopted or
voted down. If it shall be sustained by the Sen-
ate, there will be but little trouble left in dchaung
if as the programme upon which the road shall
be built, ir'it shall be ejected, there will then
be at least two of us here who will be free to pur-
sue that course which good policy, in our judg-
ments, may dictate. 1 hope very much that the
* Senator from Virginia will not insist upon recom-
mitting the bill now. If he does insist upon it, I
sincerely hope that the Senate will not consent
that it shall be commuted until we have had a few
more votes. After that I should be wihiny; to sup-
port the motion; but I want to know som* thing,
as far as it is to be ascertained, of the opinions
and impressions of the Senate before it goes back
to the committee.
Mr. MASON. I would say to the honorable
Senator from Arkansas that if he or any other
Senator desires to submit amendments, it is no
uncommon practice of the Senate to by those
amendments on the table and have them prmied
and committed to the committee. Thai is by no
means an uncommon piaence, and I am sure it
can be pursued on this occasion.
Mr. JOHXSON, of Arkansas. My Colleague
is not in his seat, and m his behalf I wis!) to give
notice, that be has fin amendment piepaivd in
accordance with the instiuctions which we have
received from our Legislature, fixing the thirty-
fh\h parallel as the line of the road. 1 wish to
give notice of that now.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me a
moment. After the bill is committed it is not an
unusual practice in the Senate, for any Senator
who dtsires it to offer an amendment, and by a
vote of the Senate to commit that amendment
also to the comrmttce for consideration.
Air. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall vote against this propo-
sition to commit, and I desire, very briefly, to
slate my reasons. The Senator from Virginia
says that our information is entirely too crude
fur action, if so, it is because Senators will not
read the repoi ts winch they have ordered to be
piinted. Venie possessed now sis fully of in-
formation in lelation to the geography of that
count, y as we are of any portion of the country
inhabited even before the Revolution.
Air. MASON. Will the honorable Senator in-
clul^e me for a moment? The Senator misappre-
hended the su^estion that I made. I certainly
did not say, and i do not venture to say, thfU the
information of the Senate is too crude to enable
them to act on the subject; but 1 did say (and I
referred to the condition of things oefore the Sen-
ate to sustain me) that it was ve  v manifest that
the information or Senators, as to where this road
should begin, or where it should end, more es-
pecially where it ought to begin, and the opinion
of Senators in what way the road should be made,
to what extent the General Government should
contribute to it, and whether it should contribute
directly or indirectly—that the state of opinion
was so crude, as shown by the condition of the
subject in the hands of its friends?, that I thought
the best way, carrying out the suggestion /as
est ab koste doceri, was that it should go to its
friends to sec if tbey could propose some measure j
on which they could agree; not that the informa- j
tion was crud'e, by any means, i
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am happy to receive the ex-
planation of the Senator; and I will merely re- j
mark, in addition to what I have already said, ;
that not only is the desciiption of the geography i
very complete, but Congress iias also published J
the meteorology of that country, collected by j
many years of observation at every military post.
Though we may speak here of lands of fertility,
the tables present the fact that there is a sterile
country, go where you will, very soon after you
have passed the ninety-ninth meridian. About
five hundred miles due west from the suggested
starting-poinjtatthe mouth of the Big Sioux, there
is a country where military posts have been main-
tained for a number of years, and where, from
the aridity of the climate, it has been found im-
possible even to raise their vegetables—a waste.
Then, a^ain, sir, thisvsubject has been consid-
ered by the committee; and having been consid-
ered somewhat maturely by the committee, a ma-
jority reported the bill which is before the Senate;
a minority, in numbers I believe neatly equal to
the majority—I have forgotten the difference—a
large minority, however, not assenting to the bill,
and some portion of that minority concurring
with myself in a substitute which changed the
whole character of the proposrion. It is quite
clear, fiom the manner m winch the argument
has been conducted here, that it does not spring
so much from a concurrencc of opinion among
those who desire to build a road at all, as it does
fiom those interests whith will intervene when-
ever the question may be revived—7iocaI interests.
Then, again, there are some who step forward
as advocates of the construction of a road, and
wish to charge the Government with it, and they
have already overloaded it with amendments
which will increase the cost of the road to an ex-
tent that it would be altogether improper we should
ever entei tain. Many of the propositions which
are presented, to my mind, at least, offer induce-
ments to any company which may undertake to
construct this road, not to take the shortest and
most direct route, but the most circuitous route
which they could adopt; and just m proportion
as you increase the amount of money per mile,
so do you increase the inducements 10 rhe com-
pany to make the route circuitous, windmg about
wherever valleys were to be found, where they
would command money for the lamrthey would
receive, and thus not answering theputpo&eof
the Government at ail. but induced to adopt a
course which would defeat the object of the Gov-
ernment,"and promote only the interest of corpo-
rations.
These are differences which cannot be composed
in the committee. Let the committee renort back
what they may, the same questions w ill he raised,
and I do not see why the committee should be
charged—having already exhausted the sunjeet,
I believe, so far as they can act—Wiih bringing m
another hill that we may revive the ioi^gdiscus^ion
which has already bicn heard before tiie Senate,
and which has consumed a large portion of our
time. I hope that, for good or for evil, for the
adoption or the rejection of the pioposition, the
Senate will take some definitive action upon it.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to ?ay a single word
in reply to what fell from the Senator from Vir-
ginia. It is a rule which I adopted very longo^o,
never to take the advice of my adversaries. The
Senator has told us frankly, that he «s not in fa-
vor of this bill. His intention—and that wili he
the effect of his motion—is to kill the bill. No
Senator here imagines that if we refer this bill
again to the committee, it will c\er come into our
hands during the present session. There are other
people, I imagine, outside of thisCapitol, who are
acting against this bill, who are not so frank and
so honest as the Senator from Virginia, as to tell
you they want the bill killed. I think, however,
some of them do desire to have it killed, effectu-
ally killed, so that it shall not come up again dur-
ing this Administration. This portion of the
Cincinnati platform, i take it, never was intended'
to be built; and! believe those who are really de-
sirous of making a road, as I am, can discuss
this question now as much as it is to be discussed,«
and determine it while it is yet in our hands. .
Air SEBASTIAN. Before the Secretary pro-
ceeds with the call of the roll, I wish to ascertain
whether I understand this question rightly. Is it
to commit the bill with all- the amendments that
are pending:?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then it is in order, I sup-
pose, to offer an amendment before that vote is
taken, so that it may be embraced in the refer-
ence, if the motion shall prevail?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
may present the amendment informally.
Mr. SRBASTIAN". I offer it with the view
that it may go to the committee, if the motion
succeeds; if not, as an amendment which I shall
present hereafter.
Mr. 11 ALLS. The remarks of the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] have directed my
mind to a source of light to which I have not
been iu the habit of looking lately; and if it is in
order, I should like to have that part of the Cin-
cinnati platform which relates to this matter read
by the Chair. [LanghVr.]
Air. SEBASTIAN. I ask that my amendment
be read.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment;
which is, to strike out in lines seven and eight of
the first section, the woids " a point on the Mis-
souri nver, between the mouths of the B:g Sioux
and Kansas river?,"and insert, " FortSmith, on
the western boundary of the State of Arkansas."
Air. WILSON. The Senator fiom Missis-
sippi [Mr. Da-vis] makes a suggestion that there
ought to lie a limitation on the amountofmoney,
if I understand him correcfly. The proposition
that has been adopted grants $10,h00for the first
five hundred mile?, and $15 000 on the western
division; and now the proposition is to grant on
the middle division—which wdl be about a thou-
sand miles long, more oriess—$40,0U0a mile. We
have reserved, at $2 50 an acre, alternate sections
of land enough to amount to $10,000, which,
added to the money grant, would make $50,000
a mile for the central portion. The whole amount
of money we propose to grant is §52,000,000; and
I am willing to amend the whole proposition so
that the amount of money granted for the whole
shall notexceed *52,000,000. Therefore, I should
like to have a vote on the amendment to strike
out " tw.Mity-fivVami inseitv' forty," and then
I should like to move an amendment that the
whole amount of bonds issued shall not.exceed
$52,000,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on recommitting the bill.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will move that amendment
when in order.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts that he will find at the close of
section eight a restriction on the amount: li pro-
vided it shall not exceed *>34,000,000." That is
the amount as it stands m my amendment now.
If these is any alteration to be made, it can be
made by chancing those figures.
Mr. DAViS. in reply to the remark of the
Senator from Massachusetts in reference to my
position, i will merely say to inm—1 had been
over the subject so often I did not think it neces-
sary to be so very full—that I object to the allow-
ance of lai^e sums of money per nule, leaving the
contiactoid to nnke the moiky as much as they
pit-use, by nvKing the road as long as they can.
I preh r that the uovernment should act just as a
prudent nropnuor would- 
Mr. DOOLITTLE.' Peihaps the honorable
Senator fiom Mississippi did not hear the Chair
announce the fact that the question under conssd-
eiation is not the amendment, but whether we
shall iccommit the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; my remarks have exact
application to that. They are upon the propriety
of committing the bill. 'I think the Senator will
see tiie application before I get throu2;h.
1 was going on to say that my objection was to
allowmg^so much per mile, leaving the contract-
ing party the right to make the road as long as
ho"pleases, and thus to involve the Government in
any amount of expenditures that he pleases. I
