1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
ally failed to say that. It has occurred to me
since, and I beg to say that i do not believe any
each thing;; and I think reflections made on per-
sonal character ought to be accompanied by names,
or furnishing testimony upon a man's own repu-
tation and his own honor. But with regard to
printing blanks and the amendment the Senator
proposes, I shall vote for it. I believe there is
some abuseabout itsomewhere in this; that there
is too much paid. As to those other circumstances
that have been stated here, I have no confidence
in them'at a!l.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. As it now stands, the bill
proposes to appropriate $50,000 for wrapping
paper. I move to strike out fifty," and insert
" forty." It is to be put out, not by law or by
any arrangement, but the bill provides that the
contract for the same shall be given to the lowest
bidder. There is no doubt it will be bid for from
twenty to twenty-five and thirty per cent, less
than has been paid heretofore. This is a reduc-
tion of only twenty per cent., and saves $10,000.
Mr. YULEE. I do not wish to see, and I
presume the Senator from Massachusetts does
not wish to see, the service injured by reductions
in appropriations which may not be proper.
Mr. WILSON. Not at all.
Mr. YULEE. Now, is it not sufficient that
these contracts are required to be given to the I
lowest bidder? The Post Office Department will i
use only what paper is necessary. They will be j
limited, of course, to the quantity which is requi- i
site, and they will spend no more than it costs |
at the piice at which the lowest bidder takes it. i
How does the Senator know that $40,000 will 1
supply all the paper to answer all the puiposes '
of the mail servicer It seems to me, Mr. Pres- ;
ident, we are striking in the dark, and without ;
any useful cconomy, because the provision to !
which the Senator refers, contained in this bill as <
it came from the House, obliges the Department
to give the contract to the lowest bidder, and se-
cures us against any larger expenditure than is
necessary at the lowest price for the amount of
paper required foi use. The rest of the appro-
priation will remain in the Treasury.
Mr. WILSON. It docs not secure us, how-
ever, from buying more paper than is necessary
to be used. 1 think we cannot do any harm by
striking at these matters. As to what the Sena-
tor from Arkansas said, I do not wish to make
any reflections upon anybody; but if Senators will
read a volume which they can find in the House
of Representatives, and they will have opportuni-
ties to do it, they will come to the conclusion that
it is nnnecessaty for anybody here to make any
reflections. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
I am not strenuous about it at all. I think $40,000 !
is ample for the purpose. Let Senators vote it j
down if they choose. I
The amendment was agreed to. ;
Mr. WILSON. I have one more amendment I
to offer. The bill now provides ari appropriation |
of $100,000 for postage stamps and siamped en- I
velopes. I propose to insert $65,000, which is a I
reduction of thirty-three per cent., and to add to j
the clausc: ]
Am! the contracts for the same shall be given to the
lowe&t lesponMble biddei alter due public notice.
Mr. HUNTER. The printing of stamps is an
important matter. It will not do not to have
enough of them. I think the expenditure for
stamps last year was $100,000. I have voted with '
the Senator from Massachusetts on these other ,
expenditures; but I cannot agree to this amend- ■
merit, unless the Senator shall give some good ;
reason for it. I am willing to give it to the tow- :
est responsible bidder.
Mr. PUGH. I think we had better agree to
this amendment. It will save a great deal. This
is a subject that wants some investigation.
Mr. WILSON. I have a good deal of confi- i!
dence m the Senator from Virginia, and will foi- j
low him as often as I can. I will modify my j!
amendment so as not to change the amount, but j,
to say that "the contract for the same shall be
given to the lowest responsible bidder after due
public notice."
Mr. YULEE. I am under the impression that
what the Senator desires cannot be done. I think
the contract for stamps runs until 18GI. I am
not certain, but I think that is the case.
Mr. CRITTENDEN By what authority?
Mr. YULEE. I am not able to say, not hav-
ing had occasion to examine it. This subject was
not referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON. If there are contracts made
which bind the Government, I am willing to make
such modification as will meet that.
Mr. IVERSON. Add the words, " after the
expiration of the contracts already made."
Mr. HALE. I should like to inquire of 4he
chairman of the Committee on Finance if there be
such a contract, by virtue of what law was it
made? I think we have a general provision of
law that a contract shall not be made unless there
is a law expressly justifying it, or making an ap-
propriation for it.'
Mr. HUNTER. I know nothing about it. If
there is such a contract, I know nothing of it.
Mr. HALE. I think if there is, it is contrary
to law, and ought to be disregarded, for I believe
there is a general law providing that no contract
shall be made by any officer of the Government,
unless there is a law expressly requiring it, or
making an appropriation for it. Is not that the
law ?
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot ,*ay.
Mr. YULEE. I think there is some special
provision.
Mr. HALE. That is the law.
Mr. YULEE. As I said, I do not state it cer-
tainly. I am under-the impression that is the
case; but I will see what the authority is. I
know they are obliged to use paper manufactured
especially for the purpose, containing water marks
; that arc intended to prevent forgeries, and that
i the Department must he very particular in all !
i that relates to the manufacture and distribution of \
• its stamps. It is an important item. ;
; Mr. PUGH. I think the amendment ought to
1 be adopted.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suggest to ;
j the Senator from Massachusetts, in regard to the ;
j addition that is proposed as to the expiration here-:
after of contracts, that if there are contracts now i
existing which have been made according to law, '
and which really exist in accordance with law, on !
account of the fact that an appropriation now ex- :
ists for them, or that those conn acts were made !
in pursuance of law authorizing them, it is unne-
cessary for him to touch that part as a provision
fixing: the appropriation now, and prescribing
the manner in which contracts shall hereafter be
made, will not affect those contracts if they exist.
I am inclined myself to believe that there is no
contract that can exist, in regard to the subject,
longer than there may be an existing appronua-
: tion, or than the mere volition of the Post Office
; Department shall cause it to exist. That is my
impression m regaid to the law upon this {subject.
' It is unnecessary for the Senator from Massaehu- i
setts to make that limitation. It would cleatly j
I seem to imply that contracts in force hetetofote 1
shall be extended to that time. I believe they i
; ought to be ad vertised, and given out to those wSio
' will do the work at the very lowest puce. I do
■ not understand that the Senator insists upon his
proposition reducing the amount in the bill
; $100,000.
! Mr. WILSON. I do not.
; Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If he did, I
! could not support it, for the reason that the pro- .
vision which we have passed abolishing the fiank-
' ing privilege, must ne-c^ssanly immensely increase {.
: the amount of postage stamps that will be called |!
for.
• Mr. PUGH. We can accomplish the object jj
by simply adding saving any contract now ex- i!
isting in accordance with law/' I do not know ;i
that "I recollect the provision of the law; but I j,
know that about two years ago this contract was p
about to expire, and a constituent of mine, an
I engraver, a branch of the house of Lord, Wright,
i Hatch & Co., waived to make a bid for it to the .
late Postmaster General, i took him, and intio- j<
duced him as one of my constituents; but the j'
Postmaster General would not receive any bid
or any proposition. He had picked out his men, ;
and he gave no public notice, no advertisement. ,!
1 recollect some question was made about that.
He said the law did not require him to advertise, jj
and he admitted no competition of bidders as to p
postage stamps; and I suppose it has been done ;j
ever since. <i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. To what Post-
master General does'the Senator refer?"
Mr. PUGH. To Mr. Campbell, late Ppstmaa-
ter General, and, I presume, the.present one ddes
the same thing. He told me he did not require
any bids; the law did not require competition,
and he could not employ anybody,but the men in
Philadelphia—Carpenter & Co. I think th&worfc
ought to be put to competition.' I,do not know
but Carpenter & Co. do it better than anybody
else, but certainly, everybody elseou^ht to have
j some chance of competition. If they have got a
contract running through a period of four years,
I would riot disturb it. I want to have no more
such contracts. Inasmuch as the PostmasterGen-
eral docs not advertise when directed to adver-
tise, I want to have a provision so as not to have
another contract of that sort, and to leave it open
to competition. I hope the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will add the words u saving any contract
now existing in accordance with law."
Mr. DAVIS. I am generally in favor of the
contract system; and 1 presume there are very
few public officers, having the disbursement of
the public money or the engagement of public
service, who would not prefer that it should be
done by open advertising and bids, and the con-
tract to be let to the lowest responsible bidder. It
saves him from great responsibility, and from
most unjustaspersions. I think the present, how-
ever, is a case where no good must ensue by sub-
jecting it to the contract system. Theso post
office stamps are a species of Government cur-
rency. You might as well let out the coming of
.-money by contract. It is quite clear thai your
I system of the lowest bidder, in making Govern-
j mentstamps, will result in making them so poorly
as to be constantly subject to forgeiy. It must
: be upon selected paper; the engraving must be
; by an artist—a thing which would be detected, by
; inspection, where the attempt is made to forge it
! by any infeiior hand. I do not think it is one of
; those things which we can let out to the lowest
bidder; it being a matter of vastly greater import-
. ance to us that these stamps should be preserved
in a form not susceptible of easy forgery, than
that we should get it for a small percentage
less.
Mr. PUGH. Of couise, the plan or design is
; to be fixed. Nobody supposes anything to the
; contraiy. The style of workmanship may be
| subject to approval. It is subject to it without
| anything further being said; but I tell the Senator
! that, in my opinion, he will find that the contracts
i for postage stamps have been a very great abuse,
' a species of favoritism, and the Government pays
; more than they are worth, and pays it just he-
' cause there is a regular system of ciose arrange-
■ inent, by which nobody but one favorite house
; g"ts any opportunity to be hoard, and other en-
gi avers, as competent, in the United States, have
never had an opportunity to make a proposition
for 1 hem.
Mr. BIGLER,. I think the Senator from Ohio
is laboring under a mistake.
Mr. PUGH. Wherein ?
i Mr. BIGLER. That but one house is allowed
: to engage in this business. 1 have endeavored to
' find one of the Assistant Postmasters General
who was heio a short time ago; but 1 believe he
; has left the Capitol. 1 think I am not mistaken
j in my recollection that it has been the custom of
the Department to give public notice in regard to
them.
Mr. PUGH. I tell the Senator that none was
given, and the Postmaster General told me that
none was given, because he did not want any bids.
I complained of it at the time. I state that my-
self, on my own veracity.
Mi BIGLEIl. I was under the impression
that nonce had been given, and they made the
best selection they could.
i\l;. DAVIS. "I will merely say to the Senator
from Ohio, that he does himself great injustice
when, by this general suspicion, he arraigns the
contract made by the late Postmaster General—a
man than whom none more honest has ever dis-
charged a public trust; a man who, I feel quite
confident in saying, in awarding the contract to
any one, did it because lie believed he possessed
the skill which would enable him to discharge the
work most advantageously to the public. I am
sorry that the Senator from Ohio should indulge
in a vague suspicion of favoritism, without seek-
