382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
did not propose any given sum per mile as a limit
to which i could consent; 1 was not objecting to
the sum per mile alone, but to tho*whole manner
of appropriating money. I believe that we can
get a road across the intermediate territory by
giving aid to the extent of $10,000,000; and, act-
ing for the Government as I would act for my-
self,! am not willing to give one dollar more than
the lowest sum which I believe will secure the
object we desire to attain. I am, therefore, op-
posed to all the provisions which have been in-
troduced with a view to offer bids to companies
to stretch roads where they will be of no value to
the Government, in order that they may get large
sums of money provided for them in special local-
ities, at least to encounter some mountain ridge
which every intelligent man in the country has
an opportunity to know is impracticable,and thus
the end of the Government is finally to be defeated.
Now, sir, if 1 am correct in this, the Senate is
in as good a position to decide the question now
as it will be at any future period, and the com-
mittee cannot aid them by any proposition which
they can hereafter submit. Every phase of opin-
ion is before the Senate now, in the form of amend-
mentand substitute, and they have all been illus-
trated in argument upon this bill. I think we are
ready now to act as well as we shall be during
this session; and either an indefinite postpone-
ment or a vote upon the bill 1 consider preferable
to committing it again to the committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
["No! No!"]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should like
to submit a motion that when we adjourn to-d;)y
it bo to meet on Monday.
["No! No!  ]
the PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Stuart.]
Is tho motion (o adjourn withdrawn?
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Of course every
gentleman heio is willing to wubmit to tho Sen-
ate. I beg leave to move, that when the Senate
adjourns it he to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that in order without unan-
imous consent ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will require
unanimous consent, in the opinion of the Chair,
to act on it while this motion is pending.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. What motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to recommit tlir bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikuu^as. We can mo^
to postpone tho further consideration of the hill,
and I nioku that motion. Wo can thou take it up
again, 1 ask the Senate to sustain me in that.
I move to postpone the further consideration of
the bill unfii to-mnrrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. fask the honorable Sen-
ator from i\ kausa.-j to allow she vote to be taken
on the motion to recommit. Tlieu he ean renew
his motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansaw. That will not
be permitted. There has been e.lr< ady a motion
to adjouin, and I move now to postpone this bill
until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion to recommit the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Before the question is taken,
I wish to say that I shall vote a^anm the motion
t«> recommit. The experience) have had on this
committee Ibrxeveial yeai.s,quite wau.sues me that
no new or modified bill can be piepared and sub-
mitted by the cenimitteo in time to obtain the
favorable uct'-m of Cobgioss at thie ;-'e«siou.
Mr. WILSON. In accordance with a request
made by tht S".iutor fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Eiglok,] I vithdiow the motion I made to sttike
out twenty-five'J and insert u forty,'* in his
Amendment; but u is contrary to my own judg-
ment.
Tiie Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
^Mr. FITCH, fhc SemJoi funa Fimida [Mr.
\ uleu] is absent in consequence of mekuetH m
his family, and I agreed to pair oiT with hu.i.
'i he Jesuit was announced—yeas 23, nays £0;
as follows:
ru.b";—jJe.<srs. Eayatd, Bnipnui!, Ihown, Che-snut,
Clay, Cl.Jh'iiKui, Cnitenden. i< UzpatncK, Hammond, Hous-
ton, iltmt.-r. Johnson of Tumic*-:ce, lUallerv.
Po;uc .Kei;j.Jace Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of Keutuckv,
foonibs. YVudCj and Waid—23,
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Eigler, Broderiek, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Davis.Dixon, D^olittle, Douglas, Burkce,
Foster, Green, Gwm, Harlan, Iverson, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, Jones, King, Polk, Pugli, Sebastian, Seward, Shields,
Simmons, Trumbull, Wilson, and Wnght—29.
So the Senate refused to recommit the bill.
Mr. MASON. The vote just taken I think in-
dicates the purpose of the Senate to continue this
bill before it; but it is too late, I suppose, to con-
tinue it this evening. I move to postpone the
further consideration of it until to-morrow, with
a view to go into executive session.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator v/ill allow
us to vote on this amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
motion to postpone. I would rather go on with
the bill now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the motion to post-
pone until to-morrow will not prevail. We have
just now got to the point of voting on the bill. It
seems to me we can do more in thirty minutes
now, than in three days if we adjourn. We have
got to a position where a vote can be taken to-day.
If there are to be more speeches, I shall vote to
adjourn; but if the Senate is disposed to vote, let
us do it. We certainly understand the amend-
ments. We have talked about them long enough;
let us vote. I think we can settle in thirty min-
utes whether we shall have a railroad or not.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish merely to say, in
answer to the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Illinois, that it is utterly impossible for me—
I do not know how it may be with other men, who
have intuitive perceptions, perhaps—to vote on
this bill after it shall be amended, without having
it printed, and having a chance to examine it. I
had supposed that 1 hud all the amendments
printed, and I read them; but I did not find this
one of the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
at all, and I do not Relieve one half the members
have ever seen it. That has been amended m im-
portant particulars,and some furtheramendments
are proposed to be made in it. After we have
amended the bill, 1 wan* to have it before me in
apnnted foim, that 1 may know exactly upon
what I am called to vote.
Mr. TRUA'TROLL. I did not mean that we*
necessarily should pass the bill to-night; but we
can pass upon the several amendments.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am satisfied with the
gentleman's explanation. I am willing to go on
with the amendments now; but as to passing on
the bill finally, until it shall be printed as amended,
and we can see what it is, 1 do not believe in it.
Mr. TOOMBS, We have given about a month
to those gentlemen who are tho friends of the
bill. I have not participated in this debate,and I
did not intend to do so, until 1 saw some serious
purpose to inflict, this evil on the country. At
that stage I intended to give my views. I have
as yet ween no sucli purpose. 1 think we have
given (hem plenty of time to discharge ail their
obligations to the Republic, and to show tlu- sin-
cerity of theirprofessions. 1 know some gentle-
men are not ready, because they have not got votes
enough for then special projUs. Some might be
willing to keep it open for another term; it might
anmvei very well the year after next. If there is
any desire c.n the part of the opponents of the bill
to have a test question, I move to lay it on the
table to test tin4 sense of the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
surest that this is not a debatable motion.
Mr. RICE. I am not going to debate the mo-
tion, but L merely wish to gLve a reason why I
fhall vote for the motion to lay on the table.
[" Order."] Is not that m order:
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 30; as follows:
YHAS— bayard. ]5onjutnin. Crown, Ciir^mt,
n.aL, L'Uu. Chr.unKiii, Cmtenden, FiUiutnid,.. (Jic
Hale
, lie
iJuntf-'r. J
<; t >■> ot '!\ rne-v-jei', iipdloiy. M.ioon. Pearec, Ileid, Ibee,
!| Sj.uCil, otuait,Thompson oi Kentucky,Toombs,and Waid
u V Alien, I>H. TJ'slc, Hio-le^ck. Caroc-
ion, Uh.i'tiiU", (1oha!a"t, Davi^, i/ixan.DoolUtle, Dou^la*,
,[ Dutkeo, Poor, Fortes. Cwnn Ilatlan, JolnVoti
.! of Atkan--ay. Jo iOc, 4£nis:, Polk. Pugh, Sebastian, Sc-wntd,
I Sbe'lu.*, [JnnuiQns', Trumbull, Wade, vYd^oii, and Wright
I So the motion was not agreed to.
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask if it is
in order to move that when we adjourn it be to
meet on Monday next?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairun-
derstands the Vice Presidentto have decided,this
morning, that it is not in order while there is a
motion pending before the Senate. The Chair
does not feel at liberty to overrule that decision.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. What motipn
is now pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend-
ment to this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I believe
we are pretty effectually tied up. [Laughter.]
The Senate will not consent to postpone this bill
until to-morrow; and the Senate will not consent,
I believe, to do anything else but consider it.
They will not consent to lay it on the table, and
finisn it; and I am very certain they do not intend
to adopt it. I presume, in this state of things, a
motion to adjourn would be the proper one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ark-
ansas will allow me, I will move to lay the bill
aside for two minutes, to allow time to the Sen-
ator from Arkansas to interpose his motion-
[" Agreed, agreed."]
Mr. BROWN. I hope not.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If it is in order, I will
withdraw tho motion, rather than consume time
by taking the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and it is withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is my motion now in or-
der ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir. The
Senator fiom Illinois moves to postpone this bill
for two minutes.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. I
understood the Chair to say that the question was
upon an adjournment, and that the yeas and nays
had been ordered upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The motion to
adjourn has been withdrawn.
jVIr. IVERSON. Have I the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. Can I make a motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
I Mr. THOMPSON,of Kentucky. Whenamo-
i tion is made to adjourn for two minutes, can a
! motion to absolutely adjourn supersede that?
, Does not the decision of the Vice President this
| morning prevent that?
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
I thinks the motion is in order. The Secretary will
i call the roll,
! The question being taken by yeas and nays,
j resulted—yeas 2G, nays 31; as follows:
| YK'\v-i—Me P-idci. PiOvk-nck. IJiown, Chandler,
; Ch'^iuit, Clink, Ciu^mne Coll.i.nei. I)«ivn. IJooliftie, JDur-
; kr", rev-v'Hdeb. i noli, Fitz^uuck, Foot, (-win, Ilamlm,
iiaii:u. [lot! 'on. Iiuetei. I've! -on, Jolmtron olTennessee,
: Puyli, Mi-id. Wade, find U'aid—:.'3.
! NAW-Me-i:. Aiien. Hayaid, Dei!, Cameion, Clay,
Oi lUi'jiden, U.von, {lunula.-*, F.i.-tei, Oiecn. Rale, John-
| of A.i k.!•!-<'-, Jei,("-. , ICi'j,,'. ?.F,i!iory, Mason,
I',Polk, Ki'"\ St ha^tn", KjVv'ai d. Sin,-Ids Simmons,
Sj.d-'d, St j wr.Thomson ol .UvMUiickv, Toombs, Trumbull,
Wilson, and Wii"iit—:jl.
I So tho Senate refused to adjourn.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Imovetopost-
' pone tho further consideration of the Pacific rail-
; road bill, with a view to make the motion I before
j indicated. I move to postpone the railroad bill
until to-morrow.
ij Mr. BROWN. That motion, I believe, is de-
! batable.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
r Mr. BROWN. Then I think the debate on the
! Pacific rculrood question had better go on upon
; that point, in regard to postponement,
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am very sorry
; to hear the Senator say so. There are certainly
| some motives ulterior. I do not wish to give them
; to the Senate now.
! Mr. BROWN. I wish, to make a suggestion
