14 66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
that proposition to raise the postage, What will
the Other House understand? Why, they will
understand, I presume, that we are trying to prac-
tice upon them in some way; to give them one
eet of amendments to one proposition, and another
set of amendments to another proposition.
I do not know what opinion the House may
entertaiir; but I think, if I were a member of that
House, I should entertain this: that the Senate
rascillates in its propositions. I know perfectly
what is said by gentlemen who maintain the op-
posite opinion—that if you cannot take the whole
reform, take a part of it. I say to those gentle-
men, as I conceive it, we shall get no reform, or
none that is worth obtaining, unless we institute-
a policy to make that Department sustain itself;
and we cannot do that unless we raise the post-
age. I shall be constrained, therefore, to vote
against this amendment as it now stands.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I hope not.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 23, noes 17; and the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 28, 1859.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal ofSaturday was read and approved.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The business in order is the
consideration of the Navy appropriation bill and
the amendments thereto, reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of tno Union.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the consent of the House
to make a personal explanation. It is essentially
due to me that I should be permitted to do so.
Mr. MORGAN. Dow long does the gentle
man want?
Mr. REAGAN. Only a few moments. I hope
I shall be allowed to do so.
No objection was made,
Mr. REA.GAN. 1 am under the necessity of
making a personal explanation in relation to some
remarks made by my colleague, [.Mr. Bryan,]
on Friday last; preliminary to which, 1 ask that
they may be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Washburn/:, of* Illinois, flow lon<r?
"Mr IJkyan. Not nioie than two 01 tbiee minuter. In
the Globe of day bcf'oie yotctdnv, containing the <lwtH-
sion of the Ainiv bill, filter ;-ome icniaimade i % in\H'|f,
in winch I alluded to the (Identifier condition ol Tex.n,
upon ihe sea eoa-t, and upon iiei intcuoi J'lontici, the im-
port as follows .*
" ' Mr. Kir,oouc. X would like to know fioni the gentle
man from Texas*, wbeio he will go when he leaves the
Union ?
"'Mr. Reagan. Where we once '-tooct, under the lone
star; and when we go we will take with u-> the whole of
tli«' Gull' Slate.--, if not the whoh* Honth.'
" I a-k my colleague \\ bcilier this is his language, and
whether the<e ate his t-eutiiiM'Mf-?
" Mr. Ri-aOan. That I underhand to have been the an
gwer made by niv colleague and not mjs-clf. I did not [>ui -
ticipate in the dtacu— iou
" Mi. Dry an Does my colleague mdoise the^c senti-
ment-. ?
"Mr RnAOiN. Ft i-> not nece^ury for me to po furthei
than to t-ay that, that to Ids c\pre--Mon. It t^ simply a
mistake ot the lepotter in atfnbiiiinp it to me.
"Mi. Bi<yAV. My colleague evades -n\ mp whether ho
indoi-e-. that evpie^ion. It the-e were his sennmenh 1
was willing to let it po, as it had been before the House foi
two dm-and nor corrected. These are my soiuitnents, and
1 stand bv thorn."
Mi*. REAGAN. In those remarks it will be
seen that he undertook to catechize mo as to my
approval or disapproval of opinions he had ox-
pressed in a former debate with others than my-
self. He had given me no previous notice of ins
intention to do so. And I was taken by surprise
and struck with astonishment at so extraordinary
a course, when i knew no earthly reason why it
should have been taken. I was unwilling to be
guilty of the indecency of publicly discussing the
propriety of his opinions before the House of
Representatives, even at his request. I have read
that " a mild answer turneth away wrath;55 and
so 1 answered htm, as best 1 could under my sur-
prise and astonishment, by saying I had not en-
gaged in the debate to which he referred; that
those were his expressions, and not nune; and
that I presumed my name had appeared thereby
the mistake of the reporter. He then made some
furiiier remarks, which I indistinctly heard, and
did not understand, as they have since been re-
ported under his personal supervision, and sent
to the Globe for publication. These latter remarks
of his are ambiguous and doubtful in their mean-
ing, and susceptible of an interpretation which
would falsify the truth, and do me manifest in-
justice.
Mr. BRYAN. I ask my colleague to what re-
marks of mine he alludes as ambiguous and
doubtful in meaning?
Mr. REAGAN. That will all be explained as
I go on, if my colleague will not interrupt me.
Mr. BRYAN. But 1 wish to know right here.
My colleague says it was done under my super-
vision. It was done by the Globe reporters.
Mr. REAGAN. Very well; I proceed. It
might be infeired from them that he intended
to be understood as saying I knew my name was
to an expression of his, and had neglected for
two days to correct the error, and was thereby
appropriating his expressions as my own. And
this was said by him after he had gratuitously
and unnecessarily called on me to express my
opinion of the propriety of former expressions
used by him; and after I hud stated before the
House that the expression was his, and that my
name must have been connected with it by the
mistake of the reporters; and when the reporters
were there before him, from whom, if he were
not satisfied with my declaration, he could have
known whether I had been m any way respons-
ible for the appearance of my name in that de-
bate. Under these circumstances, he used the
language referred to. If lie meant it in the offens-
ive sense, which I supposed it susceptible of
meaning, then I "can only say it is untrue in fact,
false in inference, and slanderous in effect.
Mr. BRYAN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. REAGAN. I hope my colleague will not
interrupt nie until I get through.
Mr. BRYAN. I wish to understand right here
us he goes aiong, what was untitle in fact, and
false in inference, and slanderous in effect?
Mr. REAGAN. The expression I made use
of was, that if my colleague intended the lan-
guage used by him in the sense which it is sus-
ceptible of—that tsj if he intended to say that I
had knowfi my name had been used in that de-
bate, and had neglected to correct it, theteby ap-
propriating Ins ideas as my own—if ins language
was intended to convey that impression, it is
untrue in fact, and false in inference.
It is due to my pelf to state distinctly that I had
not seen, and did not know, until he then called
attention to the fact, that my name was in any
way connected with the rematks he read as ap-
pearing to have been expressed by me. It is fur-
ther due to myself to say, that if it had come to
my knowledge I should promptly have asked its
correction, both because the remarks were nfrt
made by me, and because I believe them to have
been ex<ravagant and uncalled for by the occa-
sion. I would have withheld this latter expres-
l aion, if ho had not gratuitously gone on and said
I evaded an expression of appioval oi disapproval
of that declaration of his. It is also due to my-
self to say that I went to him on Satutday, and
endeavored to get him to do me justice in his te-
rnaries, so thafi might be saved the humiliation
of this explanation, and that he refused to make
any qualification ot his remarks, or to allow me
to add anything which would place me in the po-
sition of having repelled his u sinuations on the
record.
Mr. BRYAN. The record, as made out by
the reporters, was corrected. When the reporter
showed me his report, I called his attention to
the omission of two or three facts. He readily
made the correction; for he said it was an omis-
sion. lie consulted his associate, who sits near
him, who agreed that it was an omission.
Mr. REAGAN. I made no objection to that.
Mr. BRYAN. I do not wish to be interrupted.
Having pointed out the omission to the reporter,
he made the correction himsclt. 1 did not make
it. I then said to the reporter: " You had better
show this to my colleague. You have shown it
to me, and it is proper that my colleague should
see it.55 He showed it to my colleague, and then
came to me and said my colleague wished the
following to be inserted, as having been reported.
I use his exact words:
" Mr. Reagan. I did not know of the mistake m atmb-
utini* tills language to me, and lie lias ao ngiit to eatucluze
me as to an approval or disapproval of Ins opinions, espe-
cially when there is no occasion calling for such extravagant
expressions."
He wished this to be added to the report. I
had no opportunity to reply. If I had consented
to have this go with the proceedings, it would
have been an incorrect report. 1 told the reporter
i only wanted the factsincorporated in the record,
which the reporter acknowledged he had omitted.
After my colleague had requested the insertion of
this matter, he did not come to me, but I went
and spoke to him upon the subject, and stated
that it had been presented to me, and that I had
objected to its insertion. He insisted that it
should be reported* I replied, that I objected be-
cause I had no opportunity to reply. He then
said that he should bring the matter before the
House. I told him to do so; that all I wanted
was a correct report of the facts; that I was per-
fectly willing the report should be presented to
the House, and if it was not correct, the House
could correct it. Now, sir, in order to show that
this report is correct, I call upon the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] who sat by my side,
and heard what 1 said, to state whether the report
is not correct ?
Mr. REAGAN. Let me say to my colleague
that I do not question the correctness of the re-
port. I only say that I was taken by surprise,
and did not comprehend the force of his remarks
at the time. When they were first shown me,
they were not so objectionable as after being cor-
rected by himself. ' The reporter said they were
correct, and I did notdispute it; but had I known
at the time that they were susceptible of the of-
fensive construction, I should have answered
them.
Mr. BRYAN. My colleague admits the cor-
i rectness of the report. I believe it is generally
' conceded in this House that when I speak I speak
so as to be heard all over the House, for I usually
speak distinctly. What is the cause of objec-
tion? Where is the fault, if the report is cor-
rectly made? He was in the room; was called
upon; had an opportunity to reply; and he did
not reply to satisfy himself; but, after he has
thought over the matter and its effect, he comes
forward in a second speech, so as to put in what
he might have said at the lime. I have taken no
advantage of my colleague. I appealed to him
I to know whether those were his sentiments. He
did not choose to avow them as his sentiments.
I said, then, that if-they were his, I was willing
that they should go out as his; but, as he did not
avow them, I stated that they were mine. The
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. McQ,ueen]
asked me if I stood by them; I answered that i
did. In order to present this record properly be-
fore my constituents, as it may be one of some
importance to them and me, I will ask the gen-
tleman from South Carolina and the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr." Clay] whether what has
been read is not correct? 1 wish it to go upon
the record. The question has not been brought
here by mc, but by my colleague; and it is only
I fair that I should have the same opportunity of
• appearing upon the record in my own way, as he
' has by his written statement which he has read
! here.
| Mr. REAGAN. Will my colleague permit
I me* 
| Mr. BRYAN. I ask the gentleman from
; South Carolina whether that report is not cor-
rect ?
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I did not hear the report
read, and 1 ask that it be again read.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to this thing going
any further.
Mr. REAGAN. I will save all that trouble,
and admit the correctness of the record.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to this thing going
any further. The House has no interest in it,
and it has no connection with the transaction of
the public business
Mr. BRYAN. The objection comes too late.
Mr. REAGAN. Does my colleague intend to
impute to me dishonorable motives? Let him
answer that question; when he does, we will then
know where we -stand. That is the real ques-
tion, and there is no use in spending time on any
other.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Reagan] has already made one speech,and
his colleague has made a reply.
