1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1467
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fromTexas
[Mr. Bryan] is now occupying the floor.
Mr. MORGAN. There was no agreement as
to him. We have already spent hundreds of dol-
lars of the public time in this personal dispute.
Mr. FARNSWORTH.' The objection is to
calling in witnesses.
The SPEAKER.. Other gentlemen cannot
occupy the floor, if it be objected to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object. Let the
case be tried elsewhere. Let gentlemen try their
case at home.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to yield the floor for a personal explanation, or
any other purpose, so long as there is no objec-
tion.
Mr. BRYAN. I understand him that the gen-
tleman alluded to by myself cannot answer my
question.
The SPEAKER. Objection has been made.
Mr. BRYAN. Thegentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Clay,] at my side, says that the report is
correct, according to his recollection. My re-
marks attribute no improper motives to my col-
league; and the day the remarks were made, I
did not question his motives. I asked for a sim-
ple reply, whether they were his sentiments, and
whether he indorsed them. I did not attack his
motives. Whatever may be my opinion of him
as a man.itis notto be introduced into this body,
unless forced to do so. I know and respect the
obligations of a gentleman outside of this Hall,
as I regard the duties and responsibilities of a
Representative upon this floor.
1 regret, Mr. Speaker, that my colleague has
introduced this matter in the way in which he
has. Respect for my State would forbid me to
bring into the discussions of this body anything (
that would reflect upon her in the slightest degree. ;
To cultivate proper relations which should exist j
between colleagues, lias been with me a duty for
years. I know how to deport myself towards my
colleague. 1 have never forgotten what were those
obligations. If the gentleman is aggrieved, he
knows where he can right the wrong. I shall
shelter myself under no constitution of my State,
feeling, as I always do, responsible for what I say
anywhere. I may be called upon so to do. Sir,
I honestly differ with those who are on the oppo-
site side of this House, and I honestly avow that
difference; and it was for the purpose that my
position might be known to my constituency,
that I wished to reindorse the sentiments 1 have
uttered. I respectfully asked my colleague
whether he did. It was his privilege to say so, or
not say so.
Mr. REAGAN took the floor.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to anything fuither.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I insist on the
objection being entertained. I object to any fur-
ther debate on this personal question.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 hope that this debate will
not be cut off here, and that in that wise in justice
shall be done to inc. I trust objection will not
now be insisted on, so that I shall be placed at a
disadvantage in this debate.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I object. This
is a place for the settlement of national questions,
and not of personal difficulties.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 361) for
the relief of William Rich.
When the Speaker signed the same.
LATE CLERK OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the special committee
appointed to investigate into the accounts and
conduct of William Cnllom, late Clerk of the
House of Representatives, submitted a report,
with sundry resolutions, and accompanied by the
evidence taken before that committee; which were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The resolutions were as follows:
Resolved, That theie is nothing connected with adver-
tisni" pioposals, accepting bids, or selecting or purchasing
the -talionery tor the use of the House of Representatives,
which lefleets the slightest discredit upon William G'ullom,
the late Cleric. ,
Resolved, That, in the management and disposal of the
btauoncrv, gieat «iI usps have existed j but, as those have
continued for a nu'wbei of years, iiO official blame attaches
to the late Uleik. . .
Resolved, That negligence and carelessness have been
s bown in the execution of the House resolution of the 30th
of Januaiy, 1846, by the said Clerk; though there h no evi-
dence of either corruption or dishonesty in the premises, on
the part of the late Clerk.
Resolved, That nesjhgGiice and inattention have hpen
shown by the late Clerk in the execution of the resolution
of July 7j 1858, and the act of March 3.1857.
ResoUed, That in the, settlement of his accounts at the
Treasury Department, for the purchase and delivery of
books to certain members of the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
under the resolution of July 7,1856, the Clerk certified to
the purchase and delivery of two sets of hooka which were
not, in fact, delivered ; but money, in whole or m part, had
been taken ill lieu thereof, and a custom is proved to have
previously existed of exchanging books for money, and, in
two instances of the receipt filed by the late <,ieik, the
money had been paid at the special instance of the mem-
bers themselves.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION AGAIN.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I withdraw the
objection that I made just now, contrary to my
own convictions of right, but at the request of
friends around me.
Mr. REAGAN. As the gentleman from Geor-
gia withdraws his objection 
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from Texas proceeding with his
remarks ?
Mr. DEAN. I object.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I ask leave
to report back a bill from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I suggest that this bill
be passed over informally, as i understand the
gentleman from Connecticut is willing to with-
draw his objection to the personal explanation of
the gentleman from Texas.
Mr. DEAN. I withdraw my objection, so that
the gentleman who now has the floor, [Mr. Rea-
gan,] may make a short reply; but I shall enter
an objection to any cross-questioning, or any
other remarks.
Mr. REAGAN.j^was going to say that, since
my colleague declarcu that he did not use the ex-
pression, which he uttered on Friday, in an offens-
ive sense, I am, of course, satisfied with his
explanation on that point. But there are two
other points to which I must call the attention of
the House. His original remarks showed that
my colleague desired'to place himself in the posi-
tion of being a good southern man, and to place
me in the position of being not that sort of man.
My colleague then went on to make some state-
ment, which he might just as well have omitted,
about his disregarding everything that might
shield him from responsibility. I have never
doubted that my colleague held himself responsi-
ble for his language, and 1 trust he did not mean
to impute that 1 should shield myself from all
responsibility.
Mr. BP^YAN. I made this remark to satisfy
my colleague that, if he was wronged, he need
not have sought to right himself by introducing
the subject lit a legislative body; and I repeat it.
Mr. REAGAN. My colleague also complained
that I introduced this matter to the House. The
House will bear me witness that I was dragged
into it unnecessarily by him, and that it was be-
yond my control. He made the extraoidmary
request of me to give an opinion on the point of
his observation.
Mr. BRYAN It was necessary for me to cor-
rect the record.
Mr. REAGAN. Now, in regard to the other
question, as to whether my sentiments favor the
South, or agree with the North, 1 desire to say
this: that I have been, and, I trust, am, as faith-
ful an advocate of the doctrine of the rights of the
South, and of a strict construction of the Consti-
tution, as any man in the country; and that when-
ever aggression from any source, or from any
cause, shall be made on any of the States, to strike
down the rights of the Slates, or to deprive the
people of any of their liberties, I will unite with
my people in any necessary movement to protect
their rights from aggression. I have always pro-
fessed to be a national man; and in twelve speeches
that I made in my district last summer, and which
were undoubtedly known to my colleague, I de-
clared that 1 never advocated a sentiment in Texas
which I would not advocate in every State, dis-
trict, and township in the Onion.
I repudiate all sectional heresies. I repudiate
everything; that is not national; everything that
looks to 'the violation of the moral law; that
builds up political parties, or sectional parties.
And it was because I placed myself on the great
principles of nationality, because 1 had defied fac-
tion and fanaticism in the South, as I defy faction
and fanaticism in the'North, against their aggres-
sions and designs on the Constitution and. the
Union, that, perhaps, an attempt is now made to
arraign me before the Congress of the United
States, and before the people of Texas, on the
ground that I am a national man. • Why, sip, I
have gone through the trial. I defied the issue.
I have met those who met me upon it. I am going
home on the same principles to appeal for the
Constitution and the Union, for the rights of this
Stales and the equality of the people, for the doc-
trine of the Kentucky and Virginia resolutions of
1798-99, and Mr. Madison's report on ihem; for
all that is right and all that is just, against the
demoralizing doctrines of filibusters, and against
the dangerous heresies of reopening the slave
trade. 1 never dodged an issue; and if my whole
heart could be exposed to the people of the Union,
it would be seen that I never dodged an issue in
my life. If I cannot remain in public life as a pa-
triot, 1 am always prepared to go into private life
as an honest man, entertaining no opinion thatia
not faithful to the Union, faithful to the rights of
the South, faithful to the rights of the people,
faithful to the oath that I have taken to support the
Constitution, faithful to all my obligations as a
citizen of this country. I do not love public life;
and I would scorn it whenever it is to be held by
a sacrifice of that manly dignity which ought to
envelop every American fieeman. Let my col-
league make what he pleases of it. Let him ap-
peal to -that fanaticism there which 1 denounco
with the same distinctness that I denounce the
fanaticism of abolitionism in the North. They
are both heresies. They are alike dangerous to
the Constitution and the Union; alike dangerous
to the mission of this great and glorious Repub-
lic; alike opposed to every noble aspiration of an
American statesman and patriot. Let combina-
tions be made to put me down. I defy them. I
go before an honest people, who can afford to let
their Representative be an honest man, and ex-
press patriotic sentiments. Let them put me
down, if they dare. I defy them to the issue.
Mr. BRYAN. I am glad that my colleague
has said that his constituents are fanatics. I wish
that to be put upon the record.
UNITED STATES LAWS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, by unani-
mous consent, reported back from the Committee
on the Judiciary an act (S. No. 412) supple-
mental to an act for the admission of Minnesota
into the Union; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill provides for extending the laws of the
United States over the State of Minnesota, and for
holding courts of the United States therein.
The com mi: tee recommended its passage, with
the following amendment:
Said courts iliall be opeu at a« times for tile purpose of
heal iu« and decidingca^es of admiralty and maritime juris-
diction, so far as tlie same can be done without a juiy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. BISHOP asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolncd, That any person entitled to the same, have
leave to I Dice from the liles of the flense. The papers ill tile
case ot' DHirman and Townley, by leaving copies thereof.
Mr. CRAGIN objected.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then proceeded to the regttlarorder
of business, being the consideration of the bill of
the House (No. 712) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,1860,
and the amendments thereto, reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
on which the main question had been ordered.
First amendment:
Snike out from line eighteen to line twenty-one inclusive,
as follows:
44 For increase, repair, armament, and equipment e>f the
N'avy. including the wearandtoarot ve&sel.s in commi^iou,
fuel tor steamers, and purchase of hemp lor the Navy,
$3,100,000."
And insert, in Iipii thereof:
For !nft for the Navy, to be purchased in the mode pre-
scribed by Jaw lor ouicr matmul, ;*nd lor transportation
