386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
serve that the State of Kentucky, from the foun-
dation of the State up to the present day, has
been furnishing to the United States the same
sort of accommodation that has been furnished
by the State of New Jersey in this case. And,
so far as any liabilities are incurred in favor of
the State for suctservicesas these, the usage and
custom has generally been to cover them all by
payments authorized by law to be made, and
which payments are made by the marshals.
Without any further remarks, and without re-
ferring to nearly one half of the States of this
Union which have rendered similar services, and
which, if you establish this as a precedent, will
have to come "here and be paid also, I move to
lay the bill upon the table.
Mr.'GREENWOOD. I would like to say a
word in reply to the question of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
The SPEAIi Ell. The motion of the gentle-
man from Kentucky is not debatable.
Mr. CLAVi/SON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee,
and Craio of Missouri, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 55, noes 68.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move to refer the bill to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar; and on that motion, I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WORTENDYKE. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion until I car) say a word or two.
Mr. RITCFME. No, sir; I want to stop this
debate in some way.
The previous question waa seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Ritchie's mo-
tion, and it was disagreed to—ayes 62, noes 67.
So the House refused to refer the bill to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. STANTON. This bill, I take it, makes
an appropriation. Is it in order to put it on its
passage before it has been considered in a Com-
mittee of the Whole House ?
The SPEAKER. If the objection had been
taken before the bill was ordered to be engrossed,
the Chair would have sustained it.
Mr. STANTON. 1 think the objection can be
made now.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been engrossed.
The question being " Shall the bill pass ?"
Mr. OLIN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
heirs or i.ot halt..
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a Ijiil for the relict' of
the heirs of Lot Hall, deceased; which was road
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
HEIRS OF ANDREW RUSSELL.
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the memorial -of the
heirs of Andrew Russell; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
DANIEL DAVIS.
Mr. PENTON, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill authorizing the
Secretary of the Inteiior to issue a land warrant
to Daniel Davis; which was lead a fust and sec-
ond time, leferred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
THOMAS X,. DISHAROON.
Mr. BLAIR, from the same corgmittee, re- *
ported back a bill (S. No. 3J7) for the relief of!
Thomas L. Disharoon; which was referred to a !
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report, ordered to be punted.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made adverse reports upon the
several petitions ofSeth Harmon, Laurinde Jones,
Philo Bordon, AnnaHull, Asahel Bordon, Amos
Jones, George K. McGunnegle, and George M.
Weston; which were laid on the table, and the
reports ordered to be printed.
Mr. BONHAM, from the same committee,
made adverse reports upon the several petitions
of Frederick Stephens, J. M. Brown, and Jose
Maria Valdez; which were laid oa the table, and
the reports ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM B. "WHITING,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, from the
same committee, reported a bill appropriating
$700 to "William B. Whiting, to be used in ex-
periments under the direction of the Secretary of
War; which was read afirst and second time, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
JAMES VAUGHN.
Mr. BUEFfNTON", from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of James Vaughn-,
which was read a first and second time, and, with
the reports, ordered to be printed.
J'OSHUA. FISH.
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Joshua Fi'di; which
was read a first and second time, and, with tlie
report, ordered to bo printed.
FORTRESS MONROE.
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the propriety of pur-
chasing additional ground for military practice at
Fortress Monroe; which report was laid on the
table.
john kelly.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, of Now York, it
was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be did-
chaiged 1'toni the luttlier consideration of the meinoual of
John Kelly, in relation to Divine service on bo.uiloi >.hips,
and that the same bo luferred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
ILLINOIS IMPROVEMENT FUND.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I am directed by
the Committee on the Judiciary to report a bill to
surrender to the State of Illinois the two per cent,
improvement fund, reserved in the act for her ad-
mission as a State.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object; as it is not a pri-
vate bill.
adverse reports.
Mr. CURTIS, frpm the Committee on Military
Affairs, asked that that committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the several me-
morials of Ibmry 0. Rrilley, Daniel iki!laid,and
Edward J. Clasconib, and that said petitions be
laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
pursers' clerics, etc.
Mr, BOCOCK. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Nav;<l Affairs to report i>nrk a bill (II.
R. No. ;}36) tor the relief of B. W. Palmer and
others, with an amendment of the Senate thereto,
passed at the last si-ssion of Congress. 1 ask
that the amendment be read, and tlum I shall ask
the House to vote upon it. I wish the attention
of the House to the reading of the amendment,
and then I shall make a few words of explana-
tion.
Mi*. RITCHIE. If this is out of order I shall
object to it. Is it a private bill?
iVJr. BOCOCK. The bill which passed the
House was a private bill. It was for the relief
of a particular individual. U went to the Senate,
and the Senate substituted for the bill a clause in-
cluding an entire class. Now I submit to the
Chair, whether a puvato bill, originating in this
House and sentto the Senate, can be made a pub-
lic hill by any such amendment? The Senate
have amended it with a public provision; and the
only way to get it before us for consideration is
jto take it as a private bill.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to it, for the reason
that it is not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the character of the bill is determined by the
ouginal paper. If the bill which went from this
House be a private bill, it must be considered as
apnvato bill now, however it comes here amended
by the Senate.
Mr. HOPKINS. Does the committee propose
to make it a public or a private bill? If it be their .
recommendation that we shall concur in the Seri-
ate amendment, then I think it is a public bill.
Mr. BOCOCK. I reported i^as a private bill;
the House passed it as a private bill; but the Sen-
ate returned it with an amendment, which I ad-
mit is not of a private nature; still, this is the
House private bill.
Mr. HOPKINS. That may be; but does the
gentleman report the Will, with the recommenda-
tion that the amendment be adopted ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I do.
Mr. HOPKINS. Then it is a public, and not
a private bill >
The SPEAKER. The bill and amendment
will be read. t
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
That the excess of salary paid to B. W. Palmer and
othersfas pursers' clerks at certain navy-yards, under tlie
estimates made in tlW naval appropriation bills since the
year 1853, be contained and made legal: Provided, howeier,
that nothing herein contained shall be constiued into a re-
peal of the existing laws regulating tlie pay of pursers5
cleiks: Provided, further, that the. salniy of tlie clerks
aforesaid shall not exceed $500 per annum.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as fol-
lows:
Strike out a!! after the enacting clause, and insert in lieu
thereof, as tollows:
That tlie accounting officers of the Treasmybe, and
they are hereby, authoii/.od ami directed to allow all pay-
ments made since (he 1st day ot July, 1854,10 the clerks or
assistants to piiNets at tlie navy-yards at ('Iiarlestown, New
Yt>ri\, Philadelphia, Wa-hington, Noifolk, and Pensacola,
at the iiitc of .^'7.10 pei annum, and to allow ail payments
nude since paid 1 s>t day oi July, to first cleik* to command-
ants and cleiks ot the yaids at Kittoiy and Philadelphia, at
tlx: tuteof £l,f200 pei annum, ami that the pay of said clerks
shall hereafter be $1,200 per annum, and of the pnrseis'
cleiks or assistants :-hall bo $750 per annum, commencing
with the cuiient hucal yeai.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to the consideration
of this bill and amendment for two reasons: first,
it is not a private bill; and secondly, as it makes
an appropriation, it must, under the lules, havo
its first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the Chair
decide that the hill is a private bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
original bill is a private bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that amend-
ment, making a public provision, in order to a
private bill ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment is a Senate
amendment, and notan amendment reported from
a committee of this House; and the Chair is of the
opinion that in'determining whether a bill is a
public or a private bill, he must be controlled by
the character of the original proposition. If that
proposition is a private bill, the Chan* must re-
gard it as such, though it may be returned with
an amendment from the Senate of a public nature.
The House may refuse to concur in the amend-
ment. Here the Senate amendment is unques-
tionably of a public nature.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill and amendment be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman has not the
floor for that purpose.
Mr. RITCHIE. My second objection still ap-
plies, and that is, that as this bill makes an ap-
piopuation it must have its first consideration m
a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair observed the
reading of the bill, but was unable to see that it
makes an appropriation.
Mr. RITCHIE. It then only changes the sal-
j aries under the laws, and I was under the im-
1 prcs^ion that it appropriated an additional sum
of money.
. The SPEAKER. It only recommends the re-
; cognition of payments already made.
I Air. RITCHIE. I move that the bill and amend-
i ments be referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and on that call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
For the purpose of the action of this House, of
course the bill of .this House on its face, shows
whether it is a public or a private bill, but when
a bill of a private nature is sent to the Senate and
is returned with an amendment to substitute an
entirely new bill of a public character, then I un-
derstand it to be the duty^ of the Speaker to rule
according to the matter immediately before the ,
