1468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
thereof, $600,000. For the purchase of hemp and other ma-
terial for th« Navy, $300,000.
For ttye repair, armament, and equipment of vessels,
$1,000,000: Provided, That not more than $1,000 shall be
expended in any navy-yard, in the repair of any vessel, un-
til the necessity of such repair and the probable cost thereof
is ascertained, by the report of a board of not less than three
officers of the Navy.
' Mr. FLORENCE demanded the y.eas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Can the amend-
ment be divided, so that we can have a sepatate
vote on the proviso ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot.
Mr. G A RNETT. I think there h as been some
mistake in the reporting of that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will explain to
the gentleman from Virginia. The paragraph in
the original bill was amended in committee, on
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia, by the
insertion of $2,500,000 in lieu of $3,100,000.
Mr. GARNETT. Exactly.
. The SPEAKER. After the original paragraph
had been thus perfected, by the adoption of the
gentleman's amendment, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] moved to strike out the paragraph
thus perfected, and to insert that which has been
read.
Mr. GARNETT. Then the effect of the re-
jection of the amendmentof the gentleman from
Ohio will be to restore the paragraph as it origi-
nally stood, and there will be no vote on my
amendment.
The SPEAKER. There will be none.
The question was taken; and it was dccidcd in
the affirmative—yeas 122, nays GG; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Andiews, Atkins, Billing-
Inirst, Bingham, Jilts**, ISraytoii, Butfinton, Burhngame,
Case, Chalice, E/.ta Olaik, John B. Clark, dawson, Cobb,
Chtilc 15. Cochrane, Cockmll, Colfax, Comms, Covode,
Oraain, James Cmi , Cuius, Davin of Maiyl.md, Davia of
Indiana, Davis of i\ia-..saob(i etfK, l)avi< of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dodd, Dovvdeil, Duifee, Edie, EngliNh, Farnsworih,
Faulkner, Poster, G.unctl, Giddtm^., Gilmer, Oooch, Good-
win, Gtunger, Glow, Itobm B Hall, Harlan, llann, Hatch,
llickman, Hoaid, Jlodges, Howard, Gcoige W. Jones,
Kinin, Kdlowg, Kelaey, Kilgoic, John C. lvimkol, Leach,
Leitor, Lovejoj, Mo&ueou, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel
S. MaMtall. Ma«oiu Alatteson, Mavnaui, Miles, Miller,
Moore, Moruuu, Morrill, Isaac N. Morris,Oliver A, Morse,
Mott, Murray, Niehoks, Ohu, Piuk<*r, Pettit, William VV.
PliHps, Pike, Pottm, Pottle, Pnrvianee, Ready, Iheaud,
Undue, Rolibms:. Roberta, Uoyee, Rullin, ^amlultre, Scales,
rioward, Anron Shaw, Heiny M. Shaw, John Sherman, j
Shoitui, Robert Smith, fcjpmner, Stalhvoith, Stanton, Wil- t
ham Stewait, Talbot, Tappan, Thayei, Thompson. Tomp-
kins, ridei wood, Vance, Wade, VValhiujge, Waldron, ;
Walton, Cadw.il.ulor C. Wa^hluiin, Kliihu if. Wa?hlmrm:, I
Israel WashljUMi, Woodson, John V \Vn<'iit, and Zolh- ,
coffer—liii j
NAYS — Mesi-ri;. Adiam, Anderson, BaiIwlale, Barr, !
Roooek, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Bumrft, Bums, Clay, \
John Cochrane, Coining, Ciawford, Davidson, Dimimck, !
Edmundson, Elliott, Kiwis, Floience, Foley, Gaitrell, Gil- !
)i«, (Joode, Gieemvood, Gregg, CJioe^bcek, Grover, Law- !
rciH'o W Hall, Ihuvkuis. Hopkins, Houston, Huvler, Jack- I
son, Jewell, Kent, Landy. Letcher, Maelay, McKihbm, |
MeRae, Mill&on, Monigomery, Edward Joy Morns, Nib- i
laek, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Powell, Reagan, Reilly, lius,-
sell, Scott, Searing. Singleton, Samuel A. Smith. William !
Smith, James A. Stevvau, Gemge Tiuloi, Mile-* Taylor, !
V'<illandighain, Watkuw, White, Whiteiey, Winslow, ;
Woit'.'iiilj! (.', and Au^u iu* U. VViiqht— GO. ;
So the amendment was agreed to. !
During the call of the roll, \
Mr. COCKERILL stat. d that Mr. La WHENCE '
had boon compelled to leave the city in con.sc- j
quenroof indisposition, and had paired off for the j
rottt of tho session with Mr. Wilsom, who had j
also gone hojne. !
Mr. MOORE stated that Mr. Curry was de- j
tairiod from the Mouse by indisposition. |
Air. DAVIS, of Mississippi, not bomg certain
whether he was within the bar or not when lus
name was called, asked unanimous consent of the .
House to vote.
Mr. HARLAN objected. .
The second amendment recommended by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, !
was to strike out as follows:
" For tho consttuetiou and rompletion of woik«?, and for ,
the currentlepatrs at the s-eveial navv yai.N, namely: !
^ Portsmouth. New Hampshne.—For icnioving eolTur- '
dam,>cwur, machine shop, capstans lor ma-ting ^heei«. re- i
pair< of floating-docks, and repan? of all ivuuU,~S.")U,719 o0. \
*l£osto)i.—For machinery for machine t-hop and foundery. !
pattern shop, grading, paving and draining, tail track* and !
cars, side-walk on Chelsea street, paving portion of Wap- j
pmg street, steam fire engine, water-clouts, and repairs of !
all kinds. .$163,305. !
"Acit* 1'oik —For removing and putlimr up sheers, bilge !
block? tor dry-dock*. construction of quay wall, diedgnig >
cliaaneli and repairing scows, pavmg and flagging, impiove- I
ment of machine shop, heafingnew storehouse, completing
launching ways to shiphouse E, skylights to foundery and
ventilators to smithery, painting and repairing dry-dock,
boilers for new boiler house and pipes, machinery for ma-
chine shop, founderies, smithery, saw mill, boiler and pat-
tern shops, and for repairs of all kinds, $168,456 60.
"Philadelphia.—For extending joiners' shop, dredging
channels, repairs of floating-dock, and repairs of all kinds,
$102,492.
" Washington.—For carriage houses and cart sheds, shed
for flasks, gas generator and fixtures, conversion of old ma-
chine shop to foundery, machinery and tools, and repairs of
all kinds, #80,307 90.
"Norfolk.—For continuing quay wall, completing forge
shop, reservoirfor stables, dredging and filling in, machinery
tools and cranes, continuation of railway, completing tim-
ber-shed No. 17, completing foundery, completing saw-mill
machinery, saw shed and railway, and for repairs of all
kinds, $198,224 10.
"Pensacola—For extension of granite wharf, repairing and
operating floating-docks, dredging for wharf and deep basin,
pitch-boiling house, launching ways, railways, and repairs
of all kinds. $109,282 50.
t(Mare Island, California.—For completing machine and
boiler shops, continuing quay wall, grading, towards ma-
chinery for new shops, completion of houses Nos. 7, 9,11,
and 13, pitch house, steam boxes, mold loft No. 36, coop-
ers' shop, and tank shed, and repairs of all kinds, $230,310.
"SackeWs Harbor.—For repairs of all kinds, ^3,8aO.,J
And to insert as follows:
For preservation of works, and for current repairs at the
several navy-yards, viz.:
At Portsmouth, New Hampshire, $10,000.
At Boston, $15,000.
At New York, $20,000.
At Philadelphia, $15,000.
At Washington, $10,000.
At Norfolk, {$20,000.
At Pensacola, $10,000.
At Mare [sland, $20,000.
At Sacket's Harbor, $1,000.
Mr, FLORENCE. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andra^, Atkins, iiarksdale,
Rillinghurst, Bingham, Blair, Boyc.e, Branch,
Brnyton, ttuffintou, Burnett, Case, Caekie, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, John B. Clark, dawson, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane,
Cockerill, Colfax, Covode, James Craig, Curtis, Davis of
Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dawes,
Dean, Dick, Dodd. Dmfec, Edie, Elliott, English, Farns-
worih, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Giddmgs, Oilman,
Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, llarlan, llatris,
Ha.skm, Hickman, Hodges, Jlorton, Houston, Jenkins,
George W. Jones, Ketin, Kellogg, Kelsev. Kilgore, Leach,
Leiter, Lovejoy, McQuecn, Samuel S. Maishall, Mason,
Mattcson, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Moore, Morgan, Isaac
N. Morin, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Ohn,
Palmei, Parkei, Peuit, Peyton, William W. Phelps, Potter,
Ponle, Purviance, Iteady, Ilicaud, Robluns, Roberts, Royee,
Ruflin, Scales, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Ifenty M. Shaw,
John Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinnei, Stanton, Stevenson,
William Stewart. Talbot, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins,
Undetwood, Vdllaniligham, Vance, Wade, Walbridge,
Waldion, Walton, Cadwalad«*r C. Washburn, Ellihu B.
Was hburnc, Wortendyke, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer
— 120.
NAYS—Messrs. Adiain, Ahl, Arnold, Avery, Barr, Bo-
cock, Bowie, Bryan, Bums, Clay, John Cochrane,Comms,
Corning, Davidson, Dowde!I,Edmund&on,Eustis, Florence,
Gmtrell, Gillis, Gieenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Grover,
Lawience W. Hall, Hawkins, Hopkins, Hughea, Huvler,
Jackson, Jewett, Owen Jones, Kent, Leidy, Letcher, Mac-
lay, McKibbin, MeRae,Millson, Montgomery, Edward Joy
Morris, Freeman II. Moise, Niblack, John S*. Phelps, Pow-
<•11, Reagan, Reilly, Russell, Scott, Sealing, Singleton, Sam-
uel A. Smith, James A. Stewart, Tappan. George Taylor,
Ward, Watkins, White, Wluteley, Winslow, Wood,
Woodson, and Augustus R. Wright—62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COLFAX stated that he was requested by
lus colleague, Mr. Wilson, to announce that he
was paired off for the remainder of the session
with Mr. Lawrence; and that his colleague de-
sired him to state that he was specially opposed
to the increase in the postage rates contemplated
by the Senate's amendments to the post route bill
of the House.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE stated that Mr.
Burroughs was still confined to his room by se-
vere indisposition, and was unable to attend the
sessions of the House.
Mr. BLISS stated that he was called out of the
House and detained longer than he expected. If
he had been within the bar when his name was
called he should have voted "ay."
The vote was then announced as above re-
ported.
Third amendment:
Strike out lines two hundred and nine and two hundred
eleven inclusive, as follows:
'• For pieparmarfor publication the American Nautical Al-
manac, $26,880."
Mr. WASHBURNR, of Illinois, called for
tellers on striking out the paragraph. I
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Spinner
and Hawkins were appointed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, demanded the
yeas and nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Chaffee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 33, noes 67.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (more than
one-fifth voting in favor thereof.)
Mr. RITCHIE. There was not a quorum upon
the last division; and can less than a quorum order
the yeas and nays?
The SPEAKER. One-fifth of those present
can order the yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 117; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Billmghurst, Blair, Bonham, Burnett, Burns, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, John B. Claik, Clawson, Cobb, Cockerill, Colfax,
James Craig, Burton Craige, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Mississippi, Dawes, Dodd, Edmnndson, Fanmvorth, Fen-
ton, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Goode, Grow, Lawrence W.
Hall, Harlan, Haskin, Hodges, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins,
Geoige W. Jones, Keim. Kellogg, Leiter, Letcher, Lovejoy,
McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Matteson, Miller,
Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Oliver A.Morse, Potter, Purviance,
Keady, Royce, Ruffin, Sandidge, Scales, Aaron Shaw,Henry
M. Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter,
Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Stallworth, Ste-
venson, William Stewart,Thompson,Tompkins, Waldron,
CadwaladerC. Washburn,Ellihu B. Washburne,Augustus
R. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold,
Barr, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Rranch, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Case, Caskie,
Cavanaugh, Clay, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane,
Comms, Corning, Covode, Crawford, Curtis, Davidson,
Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis oflowa,
Dean, Dick, Edie, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Gil-
lis, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Greenwood, Gregg,
Groesbeck, Grover, Robert B. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hick-
man, Hopkins, Horton, Iluyler, Jewett, Owen Jones, Keitt,
Knapp, Lamar, Landy, Leidy, Maclay, McKibbm, MeRae,
Humphrey Marshall, Maynard, Miles, Millson, Montgom-
ery, Morgan, Mori ill, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman II.
Morse, Mott, Murray, Niblack, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer,
Parker, Pettit, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Pot-
tle, Powell, Reagan, Reilly, Ricaud, Ritchie, Roberts, Rus-
sell, Soaring, William Smith, Spmtier, Stanton, James A.
Stewart, Tappan, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Underwood, Val-
landiyham, Vance, Wade, Walbridge, Walton, Israel
Washburn, Watkms. White, Whiteley, Winslow, and
Wortendyke—117.
So the paragraph was not stricken out.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a thiid time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I demand the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and naya
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved.that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
; Asbury I^ickins, their Secretary, notifying the
j House that that body had disagreed to the amend-
; ments of the House of Representatives to the
amendments of the Senate to the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial appropriation bill; that it
insisted on'its amendments to said bill disagreed
to by the House; that itasked for acommittee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses; and that Messrs. Pearce, Brown, and
Foot, had been appointed managers of such con-
ference on its part.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I more that the
House agree to the conference asked for.
S Mr. SEWARD. I object.
, PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
! Mr. ATKINS. I find myself misreported m
| the Globe. I am represented as remarking, in
; the debate of the other day, that " thev (the con-
| tractors) cannot be more venal than the Cabinet,
i for the Cabinet has violated the law." I made
j use of no such expression. If the remark was
i made at all, I presume that, it was made by the
I gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] although
, I did not hear it myself.
! TARIFF.
' Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask leave to
