1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1460
submit a report from the Committee of Ways and
Means. If objection be made, I move to suspend
the rules, to enable me to make the report.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Missouri
will remember that this day was fixed for the
consideration of the majority and minority reports
from the special committee to investigate into
naval contracts and expenditures; and 1 hope he
will allow me now to move that they be taken up.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It would afford
me much pleasure to comply with the gentleman's
request, but the condition of the public business
is such that I must decline.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. I object to the report from
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to sus-
pend the rules to enable me to introduce that re-
port.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The bill was read. It revives, and continues
in force for the space of two years, the act entitled
'' An act to authorize the issue of Treasury notes,''
approved 23d December, 1857, and appropriates
$5,000 to defray the expenses thereof.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 93, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Barr, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Bianch, Bryan, Bui-
nett, Burn:?, Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, John Coch-
rane, Cockrrill, James Craig, Burton Cratjje, Ciawtoid,
Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell,
Edmundson, Elliott, Enghnh, Eustis, Faulknei, Foley,
Garnett, Gai trell, Gil mer, Goode, Green wood. Gregg.Groes-
beck,Giover, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins Hodges,
Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewetr. George VV.
Jones, Keitf, Lamar, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbin, Mc-
Queen, McRac, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, M.iynard,
Miles, Miller, Nibiack. Pen ton. John S. Phelps, William W\
Phelps, Powell, Ready, Reagan, ilicaud, Ruftm, Scales,
Sealing, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shortei^
Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith,William Smith,
Stall worth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Geoige Tavlor,
Miles Taylor, Vallandmliam, Vance, Walking W-lnteley,
WmsJow, Augustus It. Wnght, and John V. Wnght—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adiam, Alii, Andrews, Arnold,
Avery, Bennett, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop,Blatr, Bhs-s,
Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Case. Cavanaugli, Chap-
man, Hoiace F. Clark, Ciawson. Clark B. Cochrane, Col-
fnv. Comms,Corning, Covode, Curtis, Davis ot' lUaiyland,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean,Dick,
Doiid, Durfee, Edie, Fenton, Florence, Foster. Guiding-,
GilltSjGilman,Cooch, Goodwin, Granger, Giow, Robert B.
Hall, Ilatian, Harris, Haskin, Hickman. Hoard. Hoi ton,
Howard, Huyler, Owen Jones, Keim, Kelsev, Knapp. John
C. Kunkel, Landy, Leach, Leidy, Leitei, Lovejoy, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Matteson, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill^
Edward Joy Morris, Freeman fl. Morse, Oliver A. Morse,
Mott, Murtay, Nichols, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Phil-
hps, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Reilly, Ritchie, Rob-
bins, Roberts. Iioyce, John Sherman, Jud^on W. Sheiman,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thaver,
Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Walbiidge, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Cadwalader C Washbuin, Ellihu B Washbume, 1s-
lael Washburn, White, Wood, Wortendyke. and Zollicof-
fer—108.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER asked whethcran amend-
ment, in the nature of a revenue bill, would be
germane to the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it
would not.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Then I vote "no."
Mr. MOORE, not having been in the Hall
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. KELSEY objected.
Mr. MOORE stated that Mr. Curry had paired
off for the day, on this subject, with Mr. Thomp-
son.
The vote was then announced as above.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on thest^te
of the Union. My desire is to take up, in com-
mittee, the miscellaneous civil bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hold in my hand a Senate
bill which was sent to the Speaker's table, pro-
posing to provide for extending the laws and ju-
dicial system of the United States over the State
of Oiegon. I would like to have it taken up and
passed. It will not take three minutes; and it is
essential that it should be passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is a public bill,
and I suppose there will be no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. It simply provides for ex-
tending the laws of the United States to the State
of Oregon.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to anything that is
not strictly in order.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I ask whether, if
the motion be voted down, it will be in order to
call up the report of the special committee on na-
val contracts and expenditures?
The SPEAKER. The report of the select com-
mittee can be taken up by vote; not otherwise.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Then i hope that
matter will be disposed of before we go into com-
mittee to take up appropriation bills.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to re-
mind the gentleman that this is the last day on
which, under the joint rules, a bill can be sent to
th • Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I ask for a divis-
ion. My desire is to test the sense of the
House.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 87,
noes 69.
Mr. COVODE cailed for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. 1 understand that the report
of the select committee was postponed till to-day.
If passed over, will it be in order on a subsequent
day to move to take it up.
The SPEAKER. It will take the same major-
ity to take it up to-day as at any subsequent
time.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. If it can be taken
up after the passage of the miscellaneous bill, it
is ail that I desire.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not desire to
deceive any one. There are two other annual
appropriation bills that have still to be consid-
ered in committee.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to know whether it is
in order to offer a tariff bill as an amendment to
any section of the miscellaneous bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chairman of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
when the House shall have organized such a
committee, will have to determine this question.
The Chair cannot determine it, inasmuch as the
question does not come before the Chair. The
Chair would answer the gentleman if it did.
. The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl. Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Kowie,
Bojce, Branch, Burnett, Bums, Chapman. John B. Clark,
Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Coekeritl, Corning. Jaines
Craig, Buiton Craige, Crawford, Davis of Mississippi, Dow-
dell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Eastis, Faulkner. Flor-
ence, Foley, Gaitrcll, Gillia, Goode, Gregg, Groe.-^beck,
Grover, Lawrence XV. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman,
Hodges,Hopkins, Houston, Howard, Huyler, Jackson,Jen-
kins, Jewett, George W. Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, L.uxjy,
Leidy, Leiter,Letcher, Maclay, McKibbin. McQueen. Me-
Rae. Mason, Mavnaid, Miller,Mil iftoit. Montgomery, Moore,
Ifi.aac N. Morris". Niblack, Pevton, John S. Phelps, Ready,
Ricaud, Rufrin.'Ru?<-ell, Scales, Scott, Searing, Aaron
Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shoiter, Robert Smith, Samuel
A. Smith, VVilliam Smith, Staiiworth. Stephen-*, Steven-
son, James A. Stewa t, Miles Taylor. Underwood, Wil-
luiidigham, Vance, Waticin<. Wortendyk<\ Augustus R
Wnizhf, John V. Wnght. and Zolhcoffer—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bilhnshur-t, Bingham. Bliss,
Brayton, Budinton, Builinsame. Chaffee, Horace F. ('lark,
dawson, I'olfat, Comiri*, Covode. Curtis, Davis of Mary-
land, Davnof Indiana, Davt^ of Massachusetts Davi* ot
Iowa. Dawes, Dean. Dodd. Durfee, Edie, Farnnvorth. Fen-
ton, Foster, Guiding^. Gihnan, Gilmer, Gooch. Grander,
Grow, Robert 15. Hall. Harian, Ila-kin, Hoard, Keun, Kei-
l"gg, ICeUey, Knapp. Lovi-jov, Humphrey Marshall, Matte-
son, Morgan, Mornll, Edward Joy Mortis, Freeman H.
.Morse. Oliver A. Moi-^e, Murray, Olin, Palmer, Patker,
Pettit. Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ritchie, Robbing
Royce, John Sherman, Judson W. Sheiman, Spinner,Stan-
ton, William Stewart, Tompkin*, Wade, Walbndse. Cad-
waladerC. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, and Wood—72.
During the vote,
Mr. MOORE stated that Mr. Hughes had left
the House tins morning in consequence of indis-
position.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
through Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying
the House that the Senate had agreed to suspend
the 16th and 17th rules of both Houses; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of this
House.
MISCELLANEOUS CIVIL BILL.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock in
the chair,) and took up for consnjeration the
bill (H. R. No. 713) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1860.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I intend to sub-
mit a motion that the committee do now rise. I
desire to call the attention of the committee to the
fact that this is the last day on which bills can be
sent to the Senate, except by a suspension of the
joint rules; and we not only have this .bill to con-
sider, but also the bill making appropriations for
the mail steamer service and fortifications, be-,
sides the amendments that may be made in the
Senate to the Army bill and to the Navy bill. I
therefore submit the motion that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, I hope the
committee will not now rise. The bill now oefore
the committee requires examination and discus-
sion; and I desire to have an opportunity of speak-
ing to it. This I cannot have if I am to be lim-
ited to the five minutes' debate.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Debate is not in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope the
committee will not rise. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Buffinton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 97, noes 30.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the.Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1860, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I submit the usual
resolution to close debate on the civil appropria-
tion bill in five minutes after its consideration
shall be resumed-in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and upon it I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
B#r. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not propose
to occupy any time in the discussion of this bill.
I have risen merely for the purpose of submitting
the motion that the first reading of the bill be dis-
pensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
clauses for amendment.
! Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move to
' strike out from the seventh to the eleventh lines,
| inclusive, as follows:
" Foi continuing the survey of the Atlantic and Gulfcoast
| of the United Stales, (including compensation to snperin-
! tendent and assistants, and excluding pay and emoluments
: of officers ot" the Aimy and Navy, and petty officers and
j men of the Navy employed on the work,) $250,000.
i Mr. Chairman, I regret that the House should
determine to close the debate on this bill without
allowing it to be discussed at all. Here, sir, is
a bill which involves an appropriation of many
millions of dollars, which you have refused to have
discussed, except in the meager and unsatisfac-
tory way in which it can be done in a five min-
utes' speech. We have heard much lately about
" retrenchment and reform/* and the country ex-
pected that Congress would not adjourn without
taking some step in that direction. A short time
ago the distinguished gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] proclaimed in the House, in the
discussion of the consular bill, that our expend-
itures could readily be reduced to $40,000,000 per
annum. This sentiment was published approv-
