1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
of means enough, now, and at any time, to do
just that which the interests and welfare of the
country demand. National honor and reputation
are involved in the completion of the public works,
and, especially, in a successful execution of this
great enterprise.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Comins,] because I am in favor of the
amendment reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means. I am in favor of maintaining the
coast survey, because I believe it is a work of
great necessity. I am satisfied that it is of ad-
vantage to all the interests of the country; not
merely to the interests of the coast, but also to
those of the interior; not merely to the interests
of the merchant, but to the interests of the farmer,
and to the interests of every class; and I am per-
suaded that, under the present superintendence,
it is being conducted with singular ability and
with great economy. I have that confidence in
the scientific attainments and ability and incorri-
gible honesty of the gentleman at the head of this
service, that I donotdesire to seeit broken down
or changed in any respect.
It has been proved, and I could demonstrate,
that that work is being carried on in the most
economical and expeditious manner of which it is
susceptible. As the gentleman from Michigan
[Mi. Howard] has well said, one dollai is made :
to do, under our survey, the work of five dollars
under tho English survey. This work, if it is to
be done—and I am confident every man will say
it ougiit to be done—should be performed in the
shortest time consistent with economy, because .
we shall then have the benefit of its results. It :
is therefore necessary and proper, as well aseco- :
Domical, that the amount appropriated for carry- ;
ing it on should be larger than that appiopriated |
in the early days of the woik.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] de-
sires that there should be some change in the
Nupeiintendence; that it should be transferred to
the Army or to the Navy. I am m favor of keep-
in" it precisely where it is. Officers of the Army
and of the Navy are nosv connected with the
survey under the presentSupermtendont; and my
belief is, that the work can be better earned on
under the supervision ufaeivil officer, than under
that of an officer of either the Army or Navy. If
it were given to officers of the Army, the to would,
very likely, be jealousy on the part of officers of
the Navy; and if given to officers of the Navy,
thoie would be jealousy on the part of officers of
the Aimy; but under the superintendence of a
gentleman who belongs to neither, there are no
prejudices or rivalries, and the work moves on
steadily, and with the utmost harmony among
those employed upon it.
This question was submitted to the Secretary
of the Treasury under the Administration of Mi.
Fillmore. Mr. Corwin, who was then at the
head of the Treasury, investigated the matter,
and gave a detailed and able and thorough report;
giving arguments and reasons which, in my judg-
ment, are unansweiable, why the work should
be continued under the civil superintendence.
Gentlemen are talking about economy; but 1 beg
to know, where is the economy m striking down
this work? A year or two ago, I voted to grant
$600,000 for an overland mail route from the Mis-
sissippi to the Pacific. To be sure, the seivice
has been transferred from the route wheie it was
supposed it would be placed. But that amount
was fieely voted for the seivice, primarily ad-
vantageous to the West. Let me ask the gentle-
man from Missouri, or any gentleman, if lie be-
lieves that the advantage of that outlay of $000,000
per annum, for oveiiand mail service, would
equal, to the whole country, that of this §450,000
tor the prosecution of the coast survey r There
is not one, I am sure 
[litre the hammer fell.]
Mr, COM1NS. I propose to withdraw my
amendment. I offered it pre forma.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object. .Let us vote on
all the amendments.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. MILES. I move to increase the appro-
priation $100. I desire to call the attention of the
committee to one point, partially touched by the
gentleman fiom Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] m re-
ply to the •bjection made by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] that the Army and Navy
officers are not exclusively employed in the con-
duct of this work. I think that is one of the most
admirable features in the organization of the whole
bureau. With our limited Army and small Navy,
if the duties of the coast survey were solely com-
mitted to officers in these branches of the public
service, they could not be performed. I am in-
formed that requisitions have been lately made on
the Departments of War and of the Navy; and j
these Departments are notable to furnish the re- !
quisite number of officers. So far as the Navy I
is concerned, that has been in consequence very j
much of the Paraguay expedition. If the work :
were confined to Army and Navy officers, it would
very possibly have to be suspended.
Now, with regard to the argument of economy,
that we ought to cut down the expenditure at this
particular time, because the Treasury docs not ad-
mit of more liberal provision: 1 am one of those
economists who do not believe in the penny-wise
and pound-foolish system of refusing to spend a
shilling to-day, when that niggardliness will in-
evitably necessitate the spending of five shillings
to-morrow. I do not regard that as sensible econ-
omy. When gentlemen propose to strike out a
provision or appropriation in a bill, it seems to
me that, in order to commend the proposition to
| the judgment of the House, they ought to show
that it may be adopted without ultimately entail-
ing a gieater expenditure. Neither this Govern-
ment, nor any Government, is to be conducted on
the supposition that it is merely living from year
to year, after a sort of " hand-to-mouth " fashion.
It is but a short time since that our Treasury was
' so filled to overflowing that the wildest schemes
! were set on foot in order to deplete it. And now,
| before the experiment of the last tariff has been
I fairly tried, which, when fairly tried, many of the
j mostexpenenced men believe would yield an am-
i pie revenue, becau.se there has been a mercantile
! panic and temporary financial embarrasment in
! the country, gentlemen get up here, and, m the
] wildest and most reckless manner, propose to
| strike from our regular appropriation bills, al-
j ieady largely reduced by the Committee of Ways
I and Means, thousands and hundreds ofthousands
; of dollars, without showing, to any sensible mind,
! that they will, by so doing, effect any real reform,
| or, in the end, any actual sawng of money—nay,
i moie, sit: when it is almost demons liable that this
| unwise proceeding will entail upon us the loss of
! millions hereafter.
I Now, if you suspend this great work—a work
I that has reflected moie honor on us, as a scientific
: people, than any other that we have undertaken—
| you will not only retard its completion, but you
' will necessitate a serious additional expenditure
on the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina; and I am also opposed to this penny-wise
and pound-foolish economy. Hut,when gentlemen
ask us to appropriate for the coast sur-
vey, I think that, instead of those who propose to
curtail the expenditures being called upon to show
that the public service would be injured, it is the
duty of the friends of higher expenditures to show
that the public service would be injured by a re-
duction of the appropuations.
Mr. MILES. I would only say that we are
quite prepared to show it.
Mr. BURNETT. I grant you that this is a
great work, and that it has shown our scientific
capacity; but I ask the gentleman whether, m the
j present condition of the Treasury, in the present
! state of the finances, it is not the policy of a wise
\ Legislature to economize wherever economy is
; possible, without injury to the public service?
! I hold, sir, that^there are a number of appro-
! priations, and among them this very one for the
j coast survey, that we can very well suspend with-
! out any great injury to the public service. Has
\ \ either of the gentlemen who have advocated the
|j appropriation which it is proposed to strike out,
shown us what injury would result from a sus-
pension of this work for the present? I have not
ij heard any gentleman point out how the public
service would be injured by suspending this work,
ji We do not propose, in striking out$250,000, that
II the work shall cease, that it shall be abandoned,
ij But we do propose,wherever we can do so with-
'■ out injury to the public service, to cut off appro-
priations with a view of relieving us from our
present financial difficulties.
Mr. MILES, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment,
Mr. BLAIR. I propose to amend the clause
which it is proposed to strike out, by adding to
it the following:
For the survey and improvement of the Mississippi liver
arid the lakes on our noiiliern boundary, $oG0,000.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Ninety thou-
sand dollars has already been appropriated for
the survey of the lakes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to amend
the clause proposed to be stricken out by insert-
ing, after the word "continuing," the words"and
promoting."
It is proposed in committee to economize the
expenditures of the Government by striking out
an appropriation of $250,000; and unquestion-
ably, if this is to be a saving to the Government,
it will be an economy just to that extent—no
more and no less. But the question for consider-
tion is, whether we shall not lose much more than
we now propose to gain; in other words, whether,
in depriving the animal of its daily food, we shall
not be destroying the goose that is laying for us
daily the golden eggs.
I propose, in a few momeqts, to show that the
advantages which we are reaping from this work
are a thousand-fold greater annually than the
amount proposed to be stricken out. Along the
line of the Atlantic coast from Maine to Florida,
along the coast of the Gulf from Florida to and
including Texas, the commerce of the United
States floats daily throughout the year. The com-
merce of our coastwise and foieign trade amounts
to more than $700,000,000 annually of exports
and imports, and it 13 from these exports and im-
poits that the country is reaping its annual rev-
enue of ftom forty to fifty and sixty million dol-
lars.
The tonnage, sir, of the United States, which
conveys these imports and these exports that pay
these taxes into the national Treasury, consists
of over five millions, floating inwardly and out-
wardly on the duties of our coastwise and foreign
tiade. They who represent moie than one half
of this tonnage, at the port of New York, come
here with their memorial, and ask for a contin-
uation of this work. They who venture on the
broad ocean, and encounter the perils of the deep,
come here and ask for a continuation of this
woik. They ask it, sir, upon the reason, that if
this work be discontinued, the commerce which
is yielding its annual revenue to the country will
be endangered, and may be lost; and it is for
that same reason that I will now here ask gentle-
men to be cautious how they strike out an appro-
priation for an object, the failure to attain which
will ruin ultimately that very commerce upon
which we depend for the carrying on the minutest,
as well as the largest, of the affairs of our Gov-
ernment. This is the question to which I wish to
direct the attention of gentlemen here to-day. I
ask whether, if this project is arrested here and
rum be the consequence—for by arresting you
must, necessitate to ruin, without regard, the com-
merce dependent on precaution against, and the
prevention of, mat itime dangers, through the dis-
semination of useful knowledge—I ask gentle-
men whether, on such a condition, they are pre-
pared to arrest and destroy the means of avoid-
ing such wide-spread ruin 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr. Chair-
man, the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. How-
ard] asks if this work is ever to be completed?
f answer him emphatically, no. If it goes on as
it has gone on, it never will be completed; and I
do not believe that it is the intention of those who
have the work m charge that it shall be com-
pleted, so long as we will vote them money. I
can prove, by their own reports, that the work is
not as near a completion now as it was ten years
ago, though, in the mean time, we have voted
them over three million dollars. The idea is held
out to us that this work will soon be finished.
Such ideas have always been held out when this
concern was in danger of exposure. In 1849, a
debate sprang up in the Senate, upon an appro-
priation to carry the survey on, when Colonel
