THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHMGrOft, B. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1859.
New Series.....No. 93-
Benton took occasion to expose it. In answer to
Colonel Benton, a strong friend of the survey came
to the rescue, and made use of this language, as an
inducement to go on,and finish the work. Mr.
Pearce, of Maryland, said:
" We have already, m seventeen years, accomplished a
large pait of the eoas>t survey."
Now, sir, at that time, when a " large" part of
the coast survey was accomplished, we had only
expended about one million seven hundred thou-
sand dollars. Since then we have expended about
three millions, and let us see where the work
stands now.
I read now from the report which the gentle-
man from Maine has alluded to, purporting to
have been made by Mr. Corwin, Secretary of the
Treasury, February 15, lt51:
" Nearly one half of the coast of the Atlantic and of the
Gulf of Mexico has been surveyed."
That was in 1851. If any gentleman has the
curiosity to look at this report of Mr. Corwin,
which the gentleman from Maine has eulogized
so highly, he will find that, though it bears the
signature of Thomas Corwin, it was every word
and syllable prepared in the Coast Survey Office.
It has such internal evidence of this that f cannot
be mistaken. But no matter for that. Professor
Bache,speakingihen through Mr. Corwin, stated
that the Atlantic and Gulf coast was nearly half
done. What does he say now? In a report
made to the Senate, this very session, which,
however, bears date December 28,1857, (See Ex.
Doc. No. 6,) is the following language:
"Taking all the operations into consideration, the At-
lantic sections are more than half done, and the Gulf sec-
tions nearly one thi d done."
Now, sir, from this statement, I leave gentle-
men to cipher out the progress of this work, and
tell the public when and at what cost it will be
completed.
The gentleman from Maryland complained of
me that in the five minutes' speech which I just
made, Istated no reasons, except the beggarly one
of economy, why this work should be stopped.
Sir, the gentleman is the last one to complain;
for, if I mistake not, he was one of those who
voted to close debate, and thus cut me off from*'
giving reasons in exlenso, as I was desirous of
doing. I can assure him that I have " reasons
as plenty as blackberries," which I could give,
other than the one of economy. I have already
given as one, the useless character of the work;
and whenever you give me time to discuss the
matter properly, I will give reasons until you all
cry "hold! enough!"
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
has fallen into great looseness of speech, in speak-
ing of this matter. He says that no other work
of the kind has ever been done so cheaply as this;
and every dollar spent by us has gone further
than five dollars spent by Great Britain in her hy-
drographical surveys.
Sir, I deny this statement in toto; and I defy
the gentleman, or any other gentleman, to show
any such state of fact. The expenditures for our
coast survey, up to this time, excced five million
dollars in direct appropriations, to which you may
add as many millions more for the use of the
Navy on that work, which is paid out of the na-
val appropriations. The total expense of the
hydrographical surveys of Great Britain, for ten
years, prior to 1840, was $5,231,655. But, sir, no
just comparison can be made between the cost of
the surveys of Great Britain and our own. Where,
sir, have the surveys of Great Britain been made?
They extend into every quarter and every sea
upon the globe. Even the superintendent of our
survey, in his last report, is constrained to use
this language on page 122:
♦•'The hydrographie labors of Great Britain have been
more exteusive than any other nation on the aioue "
Sir, I say again, that no comparison would be i
just that the gentleman can m.stitute, between the
extent of our works of tins kind and those of
Great Britain, of whom it was said by Mr. Web-
ster, " that the tap of her reveille drum ushers in
the morning, and keeping company with the hours,
93
encircles the world with the martial airs of Eng-
land." Gentlemen parade before us h. mass of
pamphlets got up and distributed by the Coast
Survey, showing how rinuch the geodeticand top-
ographical surveys of Great Britain have cost,
and how much Great Britain has paid for parish
maps, as though that really had anything to do
with the cost of her hydrography. The effort is
to overwhelm and delude members by big figures,
no matter whether they have any application or
not; and they appear to have succeeded pretty
well.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to amend the original
text proposed to be stricken out by the Senator
from Wisconsin, by reducing the appropriation
to $5,000.
Now, Mr. Chairman, lam not in favor, as gen-
tlemen have intimated heretof striking down this
great enterprise; but I am in favor of putting it in
the hands of men who are, in my opinion, equally
competent, and who are already in the employ of
the Government, and receiving their pay from the
Government. I propose to put it into the hands
of officers of the Army and Navy of the United
States. Will gentlemen say that the officers of
the Army and Navy are not competent to carry on
this work? You educate them at West Point and
at your Naval School at Annapolis, to perform
work Of precisely that character; work of pre-
cisely the same character is perfoimed by the
Army and Navy of Great Britain; but we are told
that in this country we must put the work in
charge of a civil engineer, orscientific man. Why?
Because you have not officers in your Army and
your Navy? It means that, if it means anything.
Now, sir, I say that you should do away with
your whole topographical bureau, and employ
civil officers entirely, or else you should use the
Army and the Navy to carry on this woik.
It will not do for the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Miles] to say that there aie not
officers in the Army or in the Navy who can be
detailed for that service. Everybody knows that
one third of the officers of the Army and of the
Navy are idle, and have been for the last twenty
years. The superintendent of this Capitol, one
of the best architects in this country, is an officer
of the Army, and has been detailed for that pur-
pose.
Mr. MILES. I desire to interrupt the gentle-
man, merely to say to him that I stated a fact
which was given me at the bureau, that they
could not be spared at this particular time.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, sir, I am disposed to
think that the gentleman from South Carolina is
mistaken. I am disposed to think these officers
of the Army and of the Navy, both at this time
who are waiting orders, doing nothing on earth
but dancing attendance at the balls in Washing-
ton and elsewhere, who might be very properly
employed in this work. Sir, if they are incom-
petent to do this work, it is time they were en-
gaged in learning their duty. It is time they were
learning their duties in the coast survey service,
which we have paid for teaching them in the Mil-
itary Academy, at the Naval School, and at sea.
I wish to know of this House, and of the coun-
try, if we should not be the gainers by placing
these Army and Navy officers along the line of
our coast? It will be of infinite value to them to
become as familiar with the coast as this service
will make them. Now, sir, I repeat the question
which I propounded at the opening of this dis-
cussion, and which I have not heard any gentle-
man attempt to answer: what is the use of this
minute topographical survey of (he coast, possibly
fifty or sixty miles from the shore? Of what pos- j
sible use can it be in the navigation of the ocean ? i
Gentlemen talk about bteakmg down this great |
enterprise, and about our foreign commerce being !
the sulter^r thereby if we refuse this appropria-
tion. Why, sir, the very same gentleman from
South Carolina would not vote a dollar for the
survey of a western river or lake; yet the com-
cssas
merce of the lakes and rivers is double tft&i b¥ the
entire foreign trade of thifc cftfrntr jr.
Mr. MILES. I go fof- the coa'sfc sirrVey be-
cause it is a national institution.
Mr. BLAIR. There ai'e no rifetiowal institu-
tions, in the gentleman's opinion-, except Where
there is salt water. Our rifeft "which efrt- the
heart of the country, and extend fr©m ItK nottfi-
ern to its southern boundary, not national in
the opinion of certain gentlemen. The iaftes that
stretch from east to west across the Whole ftfctent
of ourcountry, and which floata tfoftnftetc&ftftffy
times as large as the entire foreign cottmVerce <yf
this country, are, by the same reasonings sec-
tional.
Mr. STANTON. Time, Mr. Ghatirrhan, wilt
not permit much discussion upon this stfbjSct. I
represent no sea-coast, and no lake-coast. I JMtfe
no local interest in this question. It 3fri'kes'ftie,
however, that the single question tot this com-
mittee to decide is, whether this work is to
continued at all, or not; for if you disSeontifHIife
the work for one year, and scatter th4 -fore&'&it-
gaged in it, you have produced a geridufe irij'tffrf,
which it will require two or three yedrfc to
Now, sir, gentlemen x^i'll bear me witne&s th^t
there are very few of these large appropriation^
which I do not vote for i*edueitf|: below the esti-
mates which are frtrnished to tKife Ho&fe. Ttvi§>
however, occupies a different position ftotti &
large share of the appropriates \vhich ttrfe tviftde
by this Government. This &j>propr&tio!i
which never has been, and never can be, u^ed fol-
electioneering and purposes of party and partf
patronage. As I understand it, it is &n appropri-
ation which is used legitimately fOi* the ptfrpo&ea
for which it was intended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desfre
ask the gentleman from Ohio how mdny Mem-
bers of this House have relations in th&
Survey bureau?
Mr. STANTON. I do notknotf. If the gen-
tleman from Illinois has any relatives employed
in the coast survey, I presume they are well $ua£ 
ifkd for their duties. If other members hfctfg'ffe!;
atives in the coast survey, I presume th6'f &re
well qualified for it. That, jiowever,- is very
liule to the question. What I frant to £ay,and
did say, was, that the appropriations for tMa
purpose have never been, and cannot', froth tife
nature of the case, be used for partisan purposes',
so far as I know and believe. I have neve* heard
any complaint of any such thing.
Mr. Chairman, this coast survey must have a
head, but gentlemen ask why can lie notbe'taken
from the Army or the Navy? Sir, the very rho-
mcnt you take a head of the coast survey from
the Army or the Navy, you create jealbUsy arid
insubordination. For the purpose of reconciling
these two corps, the practice has been, few* th£
last twenty-five years, taking a man for the head
from civil life, and then to detail under them such
officers of the Army and Navy as can be used in
subordinate positions as are competent. It' ft
true, I have no doubt, that a large portion of die
officers of the Army are competent for any work
of this kind; it will not be doubted that a large
portion of those who are left out of service in the
Army and in the Navy are not competent. But,
sir, if you plaee an Army or Navy officer at the
head of this work, you do not lessen the appro-
priation, nor do you change essentially the char-
acter of force employed. There are already de-
tailed for the service as many officers' of the Army
and the Navy as can be usefully employed in the
service. You therefore make no change in the
service of the coast survey, or in the cost-uf it,
except simply the salary of the Superintendent,
which is a very inconsiderable matter.
Now, sir, it may be that more has been ex-
pended in this coast survey than is strictly in or-
der for the ptirposos of commerce. I grant that
it stands upon precisely the same ground as ap-
propriations foriiversarid harbors; butinasmuch
as I believe that appropriations of that kind ought
to be made for the benefit of commerce, I am not
disposed to confine the appropriations from the
