THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
versely by the Committee on Military Affairs at
the last session, were taken from the Speaker's
table, and recommitted to said committee. *
RESOLUTIONS OF ARKANSAS-
Mr. GREENWOOD, by unanimous consent,
presented the following joint resolutions of the
legislature ofthaState-of Arkansas; which were
severally laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed:
Resolution in favor of a railroad to the Pacific,
near "the thirty-fifth parallel;
Resolution in favor of a modification of tho In-
dian intercourse act, so as to allow the transpor-
tation of ardent and vinous liquors through the
Indian nations west of the State of Arkansas;
Resolution in favor of a grant of land to con-
struct a railroad from Fulton, on the Red river,
viaFort Smith, Van Buren, Fayetteville,and Ben-
tonvilfe, to the Missouri line, m the direction of
Springfield, Missouri, or some point on the west-
ern boundary of said State;
Resolution in favor of the passage of a law
by Congress to permit actual settlers on all tho
lands reserved to the United States, within all the
railroad surveys within that State, the privilege
to make entries and purchase the same at the
graduated, prices now fixed by Congress for
graduating the price of the public lands; and
- Sundry resolutions in relation to mail service.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask leave to offer a reso-
lution.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I callfor the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr.SEWARD. I desire to present resolutions
of the Slate of Georgia.
Mr. CHAFFEE. X insist on the regular order
of business.
JAMES C . HOLMES.
The SPEAKER plated that tho regular order
of business was the considciation of House bill
(No. 748) for the relief of James G. Holmes, the
pending question being, " Shall the bill pass? "
upon which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
, the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 5?; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alii, Andrews, Arnold, Barksdale, Bon-
ant, Kisliop, Blair, Miss, IJoeock, Honham, Howie, Hoyee,
Bianeh, Drayton, Bryan, Uurlinjjamo, Buijh, Caruther^,
Case, Ca&kio, Cavannti«?h, Chafi'ee, Kzra Clark, John 1J.
Ciaik, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, UocKoi ill, Conine, Cox,
0 raw lord, Cuitif, Dav ot Mississippi, Davis* uf Maso-aehu-
Fctts, Davis of'lowiij Deivart. Dimnuek, Dowdcll, Durlro,
Eustis, Fam.^worili, Foley, (iarnett, CJartiell, Giihrf. ( il-
man, Gilmei, Goodwin, Grow. Lawrence W. Hall,
Robert tt- Hull* liatch. Hopkins, iJorton, Ho waul, Hughe?,,
IIuyk'r,Koitt, KeUOtfg, Ketaev, Kilgoie, Jacob ftl. kunkel,
Lamar, Lawrence, Leidy, Loiter, MeKibbin, McQueen,
Mcltafe, Humphrey Marshall, Matteaon, Majnaid, Miles,
Mliler, Moore, Kdward loy Morns, Freeman H. Morn*', Nib-
luf'k, blirij Pinker, William VV. Phelps, Potter, ltohlnns,
Savage, Stale*, Sc'oU, Soaring, Sewaid, Shelter, llohert
Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stephen^, Sn-vrnMrn,
James A. Stewart. Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins. Tnppe,
Undmvood, Wade; Walion, I-iael Wa-diinirn, Wilson,
Wood, WooUmui, and AuytisMi-' IJ. Wii£hr--lUtt.
NAYS—Me-viv. Ander-ori, Dmgham, IJuflmron, Colfax,
flniton Crai^e, Cmrv, Davis oHndiana, Dawes, Dean,
Dorfd, Fonton, Fo-ler, Guiding, Irooeh, Grander, On'en-
wood, Grocsbeck, Harlan, Hickman, Hoaul, Houston, Jen -
kins, Jevvett, George W. Jones, Knapp, Leach, Lovejoy,
MiiUon, Montgomery, Motrin, Moinll, Isaac N. Morns,
Muiraj, Talnier, John S. Phelps, Phillips, Pike. Pottle,
Uoinly, Reagan, Iticand, ttircino, Royeo, Ilufiin, Haskell,
Randidge, John Sherman, Stanton, William Stewart, Miles
Taylor, Thompson, ValiandiL'ham. Vance, Waldton,Cad-
wnladcr C. Wadibmn, llllihu B. Washbumc, and Johu V.
WiJght—57.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Watkins was confined to his rooru by sickness.
Mr. LEACH slated that Mr. Walbridge was
detained from the Hall by sickness.
Mr. FLORENCE, who was notwithin the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. PHILLIPS objected.
Mr. MILES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgm. Does the French
Rpuhation bill come up to-day by forcc of the mo-
tion by which it was postponed until this time?
The SPEAKER. It may come up. If the call
of committees for private business be completed,
theft the call of committees for public business
will be in order; and that is the first business
under that call.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will move,
with tho consent of the House, to postpone that
matter until next Tuesday two weeks.
Mr. KEITT. If the-motion of the gentleman
from Georgia is carried, will that give any ad-
vantage in taking up the bill?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. None.
Mr. KEITT. Then I do not object to it.
Mr. HATCH. Is not that bill upon the Speak-
er's table?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HATCH. Then where does it come from?
The SPEAKER. It was reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs last session. Amotion
was made to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and its further
consideration was postponed, upon motion, to the
15th day of January.
Mr. HATCH. Is there not such a bill upon
the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. There is such a bill from the
Senate upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Would a motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be in order?
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
ing.
The motion of Mr. Stephens was agreed to.
So the further consideration of the French spo-
liation bill was postponed until Tuesday two
weeks.
MARTIN LAYMAN.
Mr. COBB. Some ten days ago, I reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, a bill for
the relief of Martin Layman.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Is this the regular order of
business? *
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Alabama desires to call ijp a
motion heretofore made, to reconsider some vote
taken by the House some days since.
Mi. CHAFFER. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
any reason why it is riot. It is in reference to a
private bill.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Then, I do not object.
Mr. COBB. I was about to state that, some ten
days since, I reported a bill for the relief of Mar-
tin Layman, as directed by the unanimous vote
of the Committee on Public Lands. That com-
mittee passed upon the case last session, and or-
dered mo to make a favorable report. Not having
an oppoi tunity to icpoii it at that session, it was
again referred to us this session, and, by the
unanimous consent of the committee, I reported
it a tew days since, and asked to put it upon its
passage. Hut the Committoo on Public Lands
beins: very near the head of the list of committees,
it was called anions; the Jirst, and i believe, in all
probability, that many gentlemen were induced
to object to putting the bill upon its passage, from
a desire that the call of committees might be pro-
ceeded with, in order that their committees might
be leached. The bill was then referred to a Com-
mittee of the W hole House, and I made a motion
to reconsider that vote. I could have called up
the motion before, but I did not want to embar-
rass the business of the House or delay the call of
committees. The committees having been nearly
called through, that objection no longer exists,
and if I can have the attention of the House I
will not detain them more than five minutes with
a statement of the facts of the case, and then they
can dispose of it m three minutes.
The bill authorizes Martin Layman to enter
the southwestquarter of section thirty-six, town-
ship twenty-nine north, range twenty-four west,
m the Minneapolis land district, m the State of
Minnesota, upon payment^f the usual minimum
of $1 25 per acre, and directs the Commissioner
of the General Land Oifice to issue a patent there-
for.
It also authorizes the superintendent of public
schools in the State of Minnesota to select an
equal amount of other lands in said State for the
tase of public schools, in lieu of the lands so
granted.
When I reported the bill, and asked to put it
upon its passage, the request was refused, and the
bill was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House. I made a motion to reconsider, and the
gentleman from Ohio moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. As I know the gentle-
man from Ohio is disposed to do justice to all, and
is willing that all men shall have equal rights, I
am satisfied he will not object to this bill *iow.
Martin Layman lives upon the thirty-sixth sec-
tion of school lands in the State of Minnesota.
It is far West; and, of course, I cannot be influ-
enced by any persona! consideration. I want
justice done to an old man now in the decline of
life, and I therefore move to reconsider the vote
by which this bill for his relief was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House. He settled upon
this land before the survey was made by which
it was ascertained to be school land. It was sold
to Martin Layman in 1854.
Mr. STANTON. Is this a unanirrfous report
from the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. COBB. It is. There have been two re-
ports, both of them unanimous.
Mr. STANTON. Then I think that the House
could afford to vote a quarter of a section of land
under these reports without further discussion.
Mr. COBB. If it be desired, then, I will make
no further remark.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want the explan-
ation.
Mr. COBB. Very well; I will make it short.
Dumas sold and quit-claimed his interest in the
land to Martin Layman for the sum of $1,000.
In January, 1854, Layman moved upon the land
with his family, and has continued to reside there
ever since. No person or persons whatever have
made any claim thereto against Mr. Layman,
who has raised a crop upon the eighty acres
broken by Dumas evei y year since he has icsided
there. He has fenced the eighty acres with a
substantial boaid fence. He has likewise built
one division rail fence, and has also fenced forty
acres besides wit h a post and rail fence, and broken
thirty acies of the same, and had a crop thereon
for two years. Mr. Layman has built on the land
a large frame barn, with a stone basement, and
has a kitchen to his house, with a cellar under it.
The amount he has expended m and about the
improvements upon the land cannot, it is alleged,
have been less than $2,200. The whole amount
actually expended and paid out by him for the
purchase and improvements exceeds the sum of
$3,000. The plot of survey was not approved
until after the settlement of Dumas and the pur-
chase of the land by Layman. Martin Layman,
the proof shows, has acted in entire good faith.
The bill makes ample provision for another
school section. And it is an act of justice, sir, to
pass this bill for Layman's relief. He is a poor
man, with a wife and twelve children dependent
upon him for suppoi t. He alleges in his petition,
and the proof shows it, that when he removed
from the State of Illinois to Minnesota, some
four years since, he sold his farm in that State,
and with the proceeds purchased the " claim" in
question;* that he has since expended, from time
to time, evef|r dollar he could raise and spare, in
improving said land, m the firm belief and con-
viction that in so doing he was securing for him-
self, in his old age, and his family, a comfoita-
ble homestead; and that to be denied now the
privilege of purchasing the same from the Gov-
ernment would be to deprive him of his all, and
to throw him upon the world, in'thc evening of
his days, to commence life anew, poor, if not
penniless.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I call for the pre-
vious question.
'The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to put a
question to the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. COBB. I hope there will be no objection.
This case is like an old dollar that has lam and
rusted; thevmorc you rub it the brighter it will
get* . '
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is there provision
made for another school section ? Unless there
is some such provision, the bill will interfere with
the school fund in that State.
Mr. COBB. There is ample provision. An-
other quarter section can be selected as good as
this.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and was accordingly road the third time,
and passed.
