1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1475
from Wisconsin has stated that the advantages of
this work arenotcommensurate with the expense;
and he has undertaken to show that they are not.
Its advantages are not to be stated in a five min-
ute's speech, or in an hour's speech", or in a speech
of many hours; and, of course, I cannot, at this
time, go into a detailed statement of them. We
know that there is being made a perfect, precise,
exact, geography of the bottom of the sea—the
most perfect work of the kind, as is acknowledged
everywhere, that the world has ever seen; and I
submit to gentlemen whether or not great benefits
will not result from the early completion r>f that
work? If the work be half as valuable and im-
portant as I believe it to be, its finishing up in ten
or twelve years—the time estimated by the Super-
intendent—will be much better for the country
than if twenty or thirty yearsare spent in it—and
it will cost less, because the work is of that char-
acter that dispatch and economy are one. The
coast survey in England has been going on some-
thing like a hundred years, if 1 recollect aright.
The money expended for the English coast sur-
vey, referred to by the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, is for the survey of Great Britain alone; and
the amount expended is, as I am now told,
$20,000,000 instead uf $ 10,000,000. One of the pi o-
i'essors attached to the Coast Survey has shown,
in reply to an inquiry made by the Secretary of
the Tieasury, and upon data the most accurate
and conclusive, that, m reality, one dollar m our
service does the work of five dollars in the Eng-
lish coast survey; and, however gentlemen may
deny, they cannot disprove it. I remember that
some six or eight years ago, the Coast Survey
was attacked, as it is now. A gentleman from
North Carolina (Mr. Venable) defended this sur-
vey in these woids:
k{The reason why this work f-o valuable i-, that u is
based upon eeitaintv. Th<; coas-t tutvey- heretofoio have
been mete nautical surveys ami nautical charts, but here
we have geodetic surveys. The topogiaphieal t,uiveja ate
made with reteieuce to the actual fhape of the earth ; the
iiydrographie ^mvevs presume (he e.uih to be a plane, and
being based upon that piesuiription, although the, chart may
be aeeuiate with teganl to a single pott, lt&iust mislead \ou
when that ehait io computed with the ehan oi another poll.
In th<? ptct-ent hwvejs, the hyritogtapinc aie taken bv the
Navy, and the topographical by the engineer coip* of the
Ai my. The«e suiveyb having tefeienee 10 the bh.ipe of tiie
eatth—to Ube a phrase of &ui vejor*.—the plats will meet,
and if all the surveys aie laid together, \oti will find thai
they tepresent piecis-ely the sphcioidal shape ot the earth.
"This work has been prepaied by gentlemen well qual-
ified bv scientific attamtm-m* to give u- valuable inhuma-
tion. We have a <*oa coast extending fiom the mouth of
the Rio Grande to Maine; a coast, too. upon <uu hikes ; and
it is of tiie hist nnpoitaiu otooui navigation and comm ;iee,
that the whole ot it should be fully unde>«,tm>ii, with that
certainty which can onI> be attained by -urve\>« I hope,
therefoio, that ihi- iiiloimatiou will be diiluicd thioughout
the whole countiy.^
I will say fuither, in connection with the man-
ner in which the woi k is execute d, that it has com- !
manded the admiration of scientific men thiough- !
out the civilized.world. A shoit time ago, at a j
meeting of the British Geographical Society, a j
medal was picsented to Professor Bache, and a j-
presentation speech was made on that occasion
by Sir Roderick Impi-y Murchisoh, president of
the society, from'which the following is an ex-
tract:
"'The President then addressed ins Excellency, the Amer-
ican Minister, in tlie.-e words: j
"Mi Dallas: Whilst I can tiuly sav that tiie council j
and myself lejoicent this,oppoi (unity of reeoi.ting out -em-e j
of the "high intnrsot'Pioiessoi Bache,! ha\ e a pecuiutt i-at- j
inaction in being permitted to place the Vietona Aleda! ot
the Royal Geogiapbieal riociet} in the handsot umr Excel-
lency, with the request that jou will convex it to join em-
inent telative.
" Tiie umumN fot mnUmg thrawaidof the higin ?t <li-=-
tiction which it is in oui power to eonfW. have beew ex
piessud hi terms sanctioned by the council, but thar docu-
ment does not allude to other gtrat qu.iline> of a man who,
besides his admnable coa&tsuivej-, has so largely extended
our knowledgeon vanous subjects ot scientific nnp<utanee.
I may here cite Ins delineation of the i-so-magnetic cuives-.
both'in Euiope and Amenca; his littoial and de# p-^ea
soundings, which,it is believed, will soon enable u<io lead
OIF the natural histoiy o( tiie gulf stteain , aud io calculate
the peiiodicity and pertui bandih of the tides at Given «.pnN ;
and ins many mgem«>u< inventions, including a meihod ot
tegistering the pulsations of distant eaithquakcs."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
now to reduce the appropriation $1110,000.
When the hammer fell, I was about stating the
valuable discoveries which this Coast Survey has j
made. I will go on a little further. i
Mr. HOWARD. Can the gentleman tell me
what chart the Daniel Webster was using when
she ran on the rocks?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I know
nothing about it. It was evidently not the Coast
Survey chart, as by their report the rock was not
known to them u n til after the steamer was wrecked
upon it.
Mr. MORGAN, Probably the one of the 7th
of March. [Laugh tor..]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The Su-
perintendent of the Coast Survey, in pointing; out
the valuable discoveries, speaks of one at York
river, in Virginia. He says:
"The question of the proper port of entrance of the
great southern line of steam vessels has been solved by the
coast survey, and in fact the survey of the splendid haibor
of York river, Virginia, was not made a month too soon."
It will be particularly gratifying to our Virginia
friends that a proper harbor has been discovered
from which the great line of southern steamers is
to take its departure. The survey, it seems, was
not made a month too soon. I am glad to hear
it, and commend it to the next southern commer-
cial convention, and to Mr. Dudley Mann, who,
when last heard from, had succeeded in getting
$2,000 subscribed towards the establishment of
that line of steam vessels. [Laughter.]
But, sir, I deny that Mr. Bache has made any
discovery at York river. He says it was not
made a day too soon. Sir, that harbor was well
known in the time of the Revolution; and, during
the Revolution, a British fleet lay before York-
town, in the harbor of York river. I ask the
gentleman from the Norfolk district if it has not
been long known that York river furnished a fine
harbor ?
Again, to proceed with the valuable discov-
eries, I come to one that is really of some value, I
have no doubt. This is it:
<• 39. Gedncy'h channel into New York bay, having two
feet moie watei than the old channel. Had the true depth
of tin-! channel been known in 1778, (then probably exist-
ing, as seen by comparing old and new charts,) the French
fleet, undei Count D'Estatrig, would have passed into the
bay, aud taken the assembled Bimsh vobsels."
This discovery, I am willing to allow, is of
some value. It was made in 1835. In 1842 the
chart had not been published, showing that then
it was consideted no great affair. Captain Ged-
ney, before a committee of this House, in 1842,
said that this channel could have just as well
been discovered and buoyed out without your
expensive system of coast survey trianguiatinns
as with it. As to how much wo have lost, because
we had not this coast survey at the time of the
Revolution, is somewhat difficult to determine at
< this time. This idea of Count D'Estaing cap-j
! tuwng the British fleet sounds very much like the j
! re.ison given by Mrs.Toodles for purchasing the ,
door-plate. If 1 am not quite mistaken, the current i
opinion of the time was, thatCountD'lSstaing was -
in no hurry to expose himself to the bullets of j
John Bull, and so sailed away. ;
j [Here the hammer fell.] 1
I Mr. ADRAIN. I will detain the committee '
| but a moment. 1 think I ought to say a word j
j upon this subject, as the Atlantic oceari borders j
J the State which I have the honor in part to rep- :
I resent. I feel a deep imeiest in the subject for j
two irasons. In the fust place, the gentleman |
who is at the head of the Coast Survey, Professor
Bache, is an old preceptor of mine, a man who
stands high m the scientific world, and I feel
' grateful to him; for what little knowledge on that
branch of sen nee which he taught, I possess. I
' feel an interest m this subject for that reason.
But I also feel a deep interest in the subject
I from tiie utility of the work itself. The question
' is, whether we shall cease the coast survey by j
| refusing to appropriate the money to continue this j
' valuable work? i conceive that it is a great na- j
tional work. The gentleman from Wisconsin has
attempted to cast ridicule upon it. The whole of !
, lnsaigument was tidicule, and nothing else. He ;
! has attempted to throw ridicule upon certain dis- ;
i coveues which have been made. j
Sir, there have, been great discoveries which |
have resulted from this Coast Survey, under the ;
direction and superintendence of the great and •
distinguished man who is at its head. I have here
a report which has been made by a committee of:
twenty gentlemen, who were appointed by the,
American Association for the Advancement of i
Science, at its meeting at Montreal, in August,
1857.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should be
glad if the gentleman would read the names.of
that committee, or state how many of them are
connected with the Coast Survey.
Mr. ADRAIN. I do not cajre to be interrupted.
I have but five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to state if he knows of aay
one ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, o*f Illinois. Yes; half a
dozen of them.
Mr. ADRAIN, I have here the report of that
committee, and would recommend the gentleman
from Wisconsin to read it. It contains very val-
uable information. It contains the history of
great and important discoveries that have been
made and that have resulted greatly to the ad-
vancement of the commerce ot this country. I
call the attention of the committee to some of the
discoveries referred to in that report:
i: Vet, in order that the reader may have the opportunity of
informing himself, in some measure, m regard to matters
which cannot conveniently be fully presented in this place,
we. shall add a list of the more important discoveries and
developments; and if, in connection with this, we compare
the ancient charts with those which have been, in later
years, wrought out by the American Coast Sai vey, we may
form some faint idea of its inestimable benefits to naviga-
tion. Let, for instance, the charts of the port of New York
be examined. By far the most fceivicrable avenue to this
most important ol our harbors, the channel (Gedney's) made
use of now by vessels of the taigest cla^s, was entirely un-
known until it was developed in the systematic hydrography
of the bay. Had the true depth of this channel been known
m 1778, (tfieti probablv existing, as seen by comparing old
and newchaus,) the French fleet under Count d'Estaing
might have passed into the bay, aud taken the assembled
Butish vessels. The gradual mciease of Sandy Hook to the
northward, nai rowing the main ship-channel entrance, has
been well established by the successive oivervauons of the
survey; its cause has been investigated, and the resuft gives
eneouiagement in leference to the power to control this
growth ol the Hook, should it become necessary. Take,
again,the approach io Philadelphia: until the coastsui vey
coneeted the erroi;, the two itght-houses which define the
entrance to the Delaware were variously represented on
the charts as from four and a half to seven miles more dis-
tant from each other than they aie m fact. The great reg-
ulating landmark of our pilots, at Bombay Hook, was five
lmlesout of place. The deepest and most sheltered chan-
nel in the widest part of ihe b.ij, wd& supposed to be almost
a shoal. Take, again, the island of Nantucket, tringed round
with A labynnth of shoals, winch seemed to defy all attempts
at comprehension: see it now all pictured out upon these
beautiful charts in every minutest detail, like a great citadel
with its outworks systematically disposed all around it.
Look at the numerous isolated rooks, ledges, reefs, and
shoals, on all pans of our far-extending coast-ime, locuted
with the utmost degree of precision
•' Some of tiie.-e individual facts—many or most of them,
probably—have already been the means of saving many
shtpa fiom wicck and total Iosh. There is no extravagance
in the piosumpuon, at least if we stnke an average, that a
single >-ueh seivice may f.urly beawjnbable, within the past
\ear, to every one ot these additions to the amount of
knowledge pi viou<-iy oxis-ting in rogard to the hidden dan-
oi tiie tieaclieious cuuents of the ocei'ti. Let this es-
timate, foi a moment, be adopted; and let the value of ships
and tlu ir cai«oe?, -.mall and gr«.*at, nehly and poorly laden,
be put at m> low an average as $-20,000; it will appear that
we may fanly ciedit to the services of the coast but vey an
annual saving to the country of neaiiy iliree million dollars.
It. in tin  conclusion, theie is ermr, there can be little doubt
that tt is because the amount is put too low."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Imoveto
reduce the appropriation to $10,000, in the follow-
ing clause of the bill:
" For continuing the survey of the western coast of the
United State*, $130,000."
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from New Jer-
sey [Mr. Adriw] seems to take a different posi-
tion in reference to this matter than othergentle-
men who have represented that State-upon this
floor heretofore. In the special committee which
was appointed upon the subject of the coast sur-
vey, m 1842, I find one member from that State
upon it, (Mr. Aycngg,) whose report was any-
thing but flattering- to the survey, in which he was
warmly supported by his colleague, (Mr. Ran-
dolph.)
Mr. ADRTAN. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin that I act for myself in this
House. I do not know what may have been the
action of my predecessors upon this subject.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 1 have no
doubt the gentleman acts for himself. I am sure he
does; and one of his reasons which he offers for
opposing my amendment shows it, though the rea-
son is a somewhat peculiar one. It is, that he was
a student of the present Superintendent of the
Coast Survey, and extracted frorft him ail the
