1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOlM.
tm
trdriomy and mathematics he has been placed at
the head of the Nautical Almanac; and I desire
especially to say that no gentleman in Kentucky,
or the Union,is more honest and honorable than
Joseph Winlock.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin seems to take very strong
ground against the continuation of thi£ survey.
But the gentleman should recollect that, although
he resides in the West, and represents western
interests, it is very important that the sea-board
should be surveyed and fortified. It is very well
known that, in case of foreign invasion, it is the
sea-board that is to meet the first shock; and ithas
been well settled that, for any damage sustained
by those who live on the sea-coast, the Govern-
ment is not responsible. Those who live in the
interior are measurably protected by their posi-
tion, while those who live on the coast have to
meet the first shock of war. I am surprised that
gentlemen from the interior takes ground against
the coast survey or fortifications. I understood
the gentleman from Wisconsin to say that even
the press of the country was subsidized to favor
this coast survey. Is not the fact that the press
does favor it, the best argument that it must be a
popular work? For surely he does not mean se-
riously to insinuate that the press has been sub-
sidized to support this or any other work, Wc
must carry on this coast survey. The coasts
riiust be fortified. We should, at the commence-
ment of the session, have revised the tariff, and
we would not now have suffered embarrassment
from the state of the finances. My friend here
from Virginia started out in the first instance on
these high and exalted notions of free trade. I
was for free trade myself; but, at the same time,
I was for a revenue tariff.
[Here the hammer fell.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburn's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend by striking
out the words " continuing," and " $350,000,"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "the pres-
ervation of," and " $50,000;" so that the clause
will read:
For the preservation of the extension of the Tieasury
building., ^IoOjOOO.
I hold that at this particular time there is no
absolute necessity that these public works should
be continued. Fifty thousand dollars will be suf-
ficient to preserve the work. This is the obvi-
ously proper course to betaken. 1 shall continue
to move to reduce all the appropriations for public
buildings in this city.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Secretary
of the Treasury .submitted estimates for the ex- j
tension of the Treasury building, at the com- 1
mencemcnt of the session, for $500,000. The
Committee of Ways and Means, actuated by a
desire to reduce the expenditures to the lowest
possible luintconsistcnt with the public interests,
concluded, on examination and inquiry, to rec-
ommend a reduction to §350,000—and that, too,
in opposition to the earnest remonstianco, not
only of the Secretary of the Treasury, but also of
the engineer in charge. We learn that, in pursu-
ance of an appropriation made at the last session
of Congress,a large quantity of granite and other
building materials was contracted for, to be de-
livered at such times as the contractors could ;
furnish it. Much of that material is now on hand.
The first mqun y of the Committee of Ways and
Means was, whether it would not be proper to
recommend an appropriation only for the south
wing of the Treasury extension ? We found it i
nearly completed and ready for occupancy. Un-
less we go on with the construction of the work i
to some extent, there will probably be greater j
loss, by deterioration and injury, than can be ;
saved by this reduction of appropriation. Under
these circumstances, the Committee of Ways
and Means recommended an appropriation of
$350,000.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Mis-
souri speaks of the large quantity of granite on
hand. 1 would like him to explain how the re-
duction of the appropriation will injure the char-
acter of the material.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Kentucky misapprehends the remark 1 made.
I said that uiiless the consti uction of the building
was proceeded with, the work would be liable to
injury and deterioration by exposure to the
weather.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GrARNETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the amount from $50,000 to
#30,000. There is a deficiency in the Treasury.
I take it that every gfentleman oh this floor, with-
out exception, is for providing for that deficiency;
and to do so we must either borrow money, or
raise the taxes, or reduce the expenditures. If
we can meet the expenditures, I presume there is
no man heie who will not prefer that plan to either
borrowing or raising taxes. If there is any re-
duction that we Can well make, it is in the expend-
itures for public buildings. This bill contains
appropriations to the amount of $2,200,000, em-
bracing the Treasury extension, the Capitol ex-
tension, the Washington aqueduct, court-houses
in Indiana and Detroit, and the custom-houses at
New Orleans and Charleston.
It is the policy of the Government, just as it is
the policy of any private individual under the
same circumstances, to postpone every expendi-
ture that is not indispensable. I believe that we
can well postpone at least $2,000,000 out of this
§2,200,000. We can suspend works to that ex-
tent. This Treasury extension has already had
$1,700,000 expended upon it. I know not how
much more than was originally estimated. If you
examine Captain Bowman's report, you will find
that there is no estimate for the completion of the
building. The gentleman from Missouri talks of
deterioration to the work; but the gentleman from
Kentucky proposes enough to take care of it. As
to the material, the granite has been in existence
for thousands of ages, and centuries before the
world was inhabited. Does the gentleman sup-
pose that that granite will be dilapidated by the
rain of a single year? He-says that the wails will
be exposed. Will not the appropriation proposed
by the gentleman from Kentucky protect those
walls ? Remember that these buildings are made
fire-proof; that there is nothing in them which is
destructible; that they are made of the mostsolid
and durable materials. And, therefore, it will re-
quire a very small sum, comparatively. All that
we ask is, that so long as you have a deficit in the
Treasury, and are appealing to us to borrow
money to meet the deficit, or to do what is still
worse, to raise the taxes on the people, you sball
postpone expenditures which are not indispens-
able. You have already cut off $2,000,000 from
the Army bill, and nearly three million dollars
from the Navy bill; and shall we now be told that
these expenditures on the Treasury building are
more indispensable than the Army and Navy? 1
voted for those reductions because I believed them
proper under the circumstances, and still more do
1 believe that this postponement is pioper. Can
we go home to our constituents and tell them that,
rather than postpone the expenditures on these
two custom-houses, and upon the Treasury build-
ing, we raised the taxes upon them, and increased
the Imidens upon the people? No, sir; let us be
able, when we go home, to say to them that,
sooner than raise the taxes upon them, we post-
poned everything that was not absolutely neces-
sary. This bill proposes to appropriate $350,000.
Adopt theamendmentof the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and you give enough to keep it from dilap-
idation. And if we reduce the amounts for all
these buildings in the same way, we can save
$2,000,000.
Air PHELPS, of Missouri. I remarked be-
fuie that I had before me a letter from the Secrc-
tai y of the Treasury, and also one from the en-
gineer in charge of the construction of the Treasury
building. When the Committee of Ways and
Means were examining these estimates, they ad-
dressed an inquiry to the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury to know how much it would cost to complete
the southern extension of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and place the other works, already com-
menced, m a state of preservation. 1 desitenow
to have the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
read, and also that of Major Bowman.
The Clerk read the letters, as follows:
Tiu.asi ry Department, December *23, 1858.
Sir? I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of
the JTtii mutant, maktns certain mquitica telatne m the
estimates >ubmitted for the continuance of the construction
of public buildings, and the rcpait- of those already con-
structed. In reply thereto, I herewith transmit file report
of the engineei iq charge, in detail, to each inquiry.
After giving the matter a& careful consideration as I have
been able, I am of opinion that ft would be bad economy to
stop the works alluded to in these jnqtifneg; as it Would
involve large addjfciomii ultimate and probahfe Joss.
I regret that this £tate of facts ekisis; .for, if f did notbe-
Ueve.tbatit would result in serious detriment to the pabfic
service, [ shouidmost cheerfully cooperate with the com-
mittee to stop the works; but, m vikw of these facts, f
recommend that they should be pros^&itetf to compJetton.
Very respectfully, HOWELL COBB,
Secretary of the Trea$iiry*
Hon. J. S, Fheij s,
Chairman Committee of IF&j/s and Means.
Treasury Department, Office of ConstructtoK,
Washington, D. Q., December 20,1858.
Sir: In reply to the communication from the'chairman
of the Committee of Ways, and Means, relative* to the es-
timates submitted by you for continuing different works,
row constructing under tins office, and for repairing those
already constructed, I have the honor to submit the follow-
ing report:
To the u first" inquiry in his communication, I have to
reply that, the " amount required to finish the south exten-
sion of the Treasury building, and to place the residue of
the work, now in tiie course of construction,in a perfect
state of preservation," is computed to be aboutseven hun-
dred thousand dollars. The unexpended balance of former
appropriaiions is, at this date, $381,681 94, thus requiring
about three hundred thousand dollars additional appropria-
tion, to continue the work in the manner indicated by this
communication from the committee. The sutft asked for
in your estimate was §500,000, to prosecute the woikiu the
ordinary manner.
It is pi op or to add, that, in my opinion, K would be bad.
economy to pursue the suggested course, because there is
itow on hand, and paid for, so large an accumulation of ma-
terial, both exterior and interior, that- both wings could be
completed and covered in for the sum asked for in your es-
timate, added to the unexpended balance of former appro-
priations. If the courae indicated by the committee's in-
quiry, should be adopted by Congress, all this accumulation
of material, (winch it would he impossible to gather'under
cover except at very extravagant cost.) would be exposed
to deterioration and injury. The iron work in particular,
would, of necessity, from' its nature, become badly Injured,-'
portions of it irretrievably, and the cut stone work be more
or less defaced. If the work progresses ns originally de-
signed, tins accumulation is all needed, will come.into im-
mediate use with other yet to be delivered, and go into its
destined place in the building.
In addition to this, it is a mooted question if the right
exists to thus stop the work without compensating the con-
tt actor* for the loss and damage they would thereby sus-
tain. A contract is in life, by which the contractor are
bound to deliver *• within a reasonable tune," and, the Gov-
ernment is bound to receive and pay for (i the gfanite for
the Treasury extension." The contractors have made large
prelimmaiy outlay for the proper fulfillment of their cmi-
tiact; have purchased a quarry, and opened U solely for
this puipose, and, even at this inclement season, have more
than five hundied employes at work—and in the summer
a much larger force. They have built three vessels,,at are
aggtegate co&t of nearly one hundred thousand dollars, ex-
pressly for the transmission of this heavy material from the
quarry to this city, which are unsuitable for any other ser-
vice, and made other laige and necessary disbursements to
enable them to complete their obligations under theeoo->
tract, lor which there would be no present return rf the"
work was stopped; and if Government should now refuse
to receive th«ir delivery of granite, or neglect to provide
the means to pay for it, it would found an equitable and
very onerous and troublesome claim for damages, which, I
think, could not be dispoaed of, except at a larger cost than
the additional sum required to complete the building on the
Depaitment's plan over the plan of the committee. My
experience with such cases warrants me m making thia
assertion ; and I respectfully suggest that the consequences
of such a stoppage m the work be fully considered before
it be recommended.
In my opinion, true economy requires the more vigorous
prosecution of the work, and to this end, more liberal ap-
propriations are requned than have heretofore been asked
or gianted. All the contingent expenses, salaries of officers,
pay of draughtsmen find other employes, are the same,
whethei a huge or small amouut of work is done; and the
more rapidly the whole woik can Ik- driven to completion,
the less will b« its ultimate aggregate cost. To adopt a con-
trary course, by Mich a stoppage as the Committee of Ways
and Means apparently contemplate, would, m my opinion,
involve a wanton ami extuvagant cost, without any correr
sponding benefit, and operate hur^hh on a laige number of
laborers who now depend upon the woik for their daily
subsistence.
To the committee's " second " and " third " inquiries if
" any reduction can be made m the estimates,"for the cus-
tom houses at Chatlcston and New Orleans, I have to say
that these estimates were prepared by the local supenn-
i tendentsof the works, upon a careful comparison of their
| eo.-t in previous years, with their probable wants for the
• coming year; and, I think, cannot, with prudence, be re-
I duced. The appropriation of these amounts would not, of
] course, require then expenditure ; and no more will, in any
i event, he used than a proper economy and existing con-
; tiacts compel. At Charleston, a quantity of elaboiately-
wiought marble has necessarily been accumulated, as the
exact\tone^ cannot be quarried in the order m which they
are required, although the contractor have placed under
contribution all the quarries in the country which yield a
suitable material; and much that is required fin later por-
tions of the building is. of necessity, delivered, and paid for
in advance of its want. This being a more friable materia!
than that used upon the Tieasury extension, and its cutting
being more ornate atid elahoiate, would be exposed to
gieaterand moie expensive ui]uiy than the granite befoie
alluded to. And the leasons against even a temporary stop-
p.ieo of the woik. <'\i<t m equal or gieatei foiee ft rhe^e
buildings, «i-> at the Tiea*ury extension. I am satisfied that
a ttue economy requues them to be finished us rapidly as
the proper material© tan be dehvered.
