396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
The original law of 1808 was a compromise.
It prohibited the foreign traffic in slaves, and au-
thorized the domestic traffic. The popular senti-
ment at that day was against the traffic in any
shape; and so strong was this sentiment througli-
outthe Christian world that,in 1814, this Govern-
ment, through her representatives, John Cluincy
Adams, Henry Clay, (himself a slaveholder,)
Albert (Jallatin, James A. Bayard,and Jonathan
Eussel, entered into a compact with Great Britain,
■which was read to the House at the last session,
and I will now ask the Clerk to read again, the
tenth article of our treaty at Ghent.
The Clerk read as foliow's:
Whereas, the truffle in slaves is irreconcilable with the
principles of humanity and justice; and wheieas, both his
Majesty and the United States are desirous of continuing
their efforts to piomote its entire abolition, it is hereby agreed
that both^the contracting parties shall use their best en-
deavors to accomplish so desirable an object.
Mr. GIDDINGS.- I desire to say to the House
and to the country, that as a nation we thus stand
pledged to the civilized world, to the Christian
nations of the earth to abolish the traffic in slaves.
When gentlemen say, as 1 have heard it asserted
here, that this compact was limited to the foreign
slave trade, I meet them by the fact that one *f
the negotiators of the treaty, Mr. Adams, an-
nounced upon this floor that it had reference, not
to the foreign slave trade, which had then been
prohibited, but to the traffic i?i slaves—to the crime,
and not to the place of committing it.
Here, then, wc stand before the country pledged
as a nation to abolish the traffic in slaves, and to-
day I come home to this TIou>e and ask, will you
redeem that pledge? Will Republicans redeem
that pledge? Will Republicans wash their hands
of this iniquity? 1 mean what I say, sir; I have
sought for the last ten yeara to get this question
before the House in a legitimate manner, but never
have I succeeded until this moment; and now 1
rejoice in being permitted, before retinng from
this Hall, to give to our southern friends an earn-
est of the intention I have heretofore manifested.
1 am prepared to meet this question now; and par-
ticularly am I prepared to meet it when the pro-
visions of the laws prohibiting the African slave
trade, are set at defiance, and when the whole
southern press announces that they cannot be
suppressed in tho.*e States; and when they are
now importing African slaves into, those States,
setting the laws at defiance; and while they are
doing that, we, the northern representatives, are
sustaining a coastwise trade in slaves—a trade
which every statesman will admit is fraught with
greater horrors than the African slave trade itself.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 wish to ask the
gentleman auuestion. "Whatdoes the gentium;
think of the Uoolic trade, and the French trade
Africans?
Mr. G J DOINGS. I tliinlc it is just about on
an equality with (lie coastwise trade. 1 run glad
he lias propounded that question. If the h.w au-
thorized the sale af himself, 1 would repeal it; if
it were the sale of his wile and children, 1 would
repeal it. God knows 1 would go as far as any
man upon earth. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask another question ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 cannot permit the gentle-
man to use up my time; but l will give him an
opportunity to propound a categorical question,
but not time for observation.
♦ Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest to
the gentleman that it would be well for him to
consider the interesting fact that thirty-five "ves-
sels from the free Status are engaged in the slave
trade, to five from the South.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That is the very thing 1
wished to hear. I do not seek to shield northern
pirates from the punishment wlneh is their due.
1 would lay my bunds upon northern pirates as
soon as I would upon soufliei n pirates. I am not
sectional in my views. [Laughter.]
I was remarking, when interrupted by my
friend from Vnginia, that while the power of this
Government is set at defiance by the South, and
all its functions are rendered impotent to prevent
the foreign slave trade, God forbid that northern
men should sustain the domestic traffic. That is
my view; and the question coming up legitimate,
ly, if we proceed to reform the navigation laws of
our country and leave this matter ot the coastwise
slave trade as it is now, every member of this body
who refuses to vote that the law shall be repealed, j
man
in
in substance and in truth, votes to continue it, and
becomes involved in all the iniquities and all the
bloodshed produced by that law.
Had I time, I would point out the horrors of this"
traffic. I had riot been in.-this city forty days of
my first term of Congress, when a man, in order
to avoid the effects of this traffic, threw himself
from the bridge on Twelfth street into the canal,
and drowned himself. I would refer to the case
alluded to by Mr. Adams, where a woman, im-
prisoned with her children in a slave pen, then
not far distant, with none but the eye'of God upon
her, looked back to her home, with all of its en-
dearments, from which she was sepaiated, to the
scenes and friends of her childhood, pondered
uponhcr wretched fate until her mind was wrought
up to that state of excitement that reason failed
her, and she, becoming a maniac, took the lives
of the children of her body, and then laid violent
hands upon herself. Her spirit took its flight, and
she appealed to Heaven against the men who come
here and look withoutemotion upon this accursed
traffic, and preserve this law in force. Sir, I would
point gentlemen to that scene immortalized by one
of our northern bards-, in which a young woman
fleeing from her pursuers reached the long bridge,
and seeing no escape from them, jumped upon the
parapet of the bridge, and plunged beneath the
waves. Tier soul ascended to her God and our
God, and took an appeal against men here who are
callous to the laws of humanity, and against those
who give their sanction to horrors winch no lan-
guage can describe or depict.
I have another thing in view. I know I am un-
popular in my views. Everything is unpopular
upon this floor which has not reference to politi-
cal matters. I want to make this a political ques-
tion. I say to the gentlemen upon the other side
that I desire to make an issue with the Democratic
party of Ohio upon sustaining this very slave
trade. Will they go with me upon that? "I think
they will. It will do us good, and them no hurt.
Their story is told any how. I desire through-
out the whole North to see this made an issue.
Even in Pennsylvania, the State of my own na-
tivity, 1 would see the question made directly to
the people there, to see who will sustain this com-
merce in human flesh, and who are opposed to
it. 1 am in earnest upon this subject. 1 do not
know as yon believe it, Mr. Chaii'tnan, but I be-
lieve it is a fact that my name has been suggested
as a candidate for the Governorship of Ohio; and
if I should be nominated, of which I do not think
there is any real prospect, I want to make this
issue directly with my opponent, and with the
whole Democratic party; and 1 want to see my
friend there from the metropolitan district of Ohio
! [Mr. Cox] driven from under the bush. 1 want
! to see him compelled to stand out and say whether
he i^ in favor of continuing this slave trade, or
whether he is against it.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will allow me, I
will sayi do not understand that the Democratic
party, North or South, are committed in favor of
the slave trade; and the gentleman knows it well.
Mr. (JlDDiJXGS. Well, 1 am glad he has an-
nounced it, and 1 want to hold him up to his con-
stituents as denouncing the slave trade, and he
will be buried so far out of sight that the hand of
political resurrection will never reach him. Ho
is an excellent gentleman, and if he repents we
will receive him into the Republican ranks; though,
like Paul, he has been persecuting the saints.
[Laughter.]
As 1 was remarking,! desire that this question
shall go home to the people. I des're to see my
colleagues of the Democratic party upon tins floor
vote for my amendment, and not against it. God
knows that I do not rejoice in the death of any
sinner. [Laughter.] 1 would rather that they
should lrpent and come with us. I want them
to come out, however, afkl stand boldly upon their
true position, whatever it is. 1 am m sober earn-
est. I ask gentlemen from the South, I ask gen-
tlemen who are actuated by honest motives, and
who stand boldly for what they believe to be
right, to bnng these men out. Will you do it?
Let us put them upon the record. Let us have
a vote upon tins amendment. Let it go into the
House, wheie the yeas and nays may be called
on it. Let gentlemen take their position as they
please. Tins is a legitimate party question. 1
hope gentlemen will meet it manfully.
Mr. Chairman, I feel humbled by the position
of my country -when I call upon statesmen, mem-
bers of this oody, to stand out in their proper
character while acting for the nation, for postenty.
For twenty years I have labored to get gentlemen
to take their true position; yet I am sure thatwe
shall find members of this body endeavoring to
avoid a vote on this amendment by yeas and nays
If they do that, let the fact be known. I hope,
however, that it will be allowed to go to the
House. I say to southern gentlemen, you want
to know who are your friends; and so do I.
[Laughter.] It is for your benefit that you should
know them, and it is for our benefit to know them
also. I believe it will be good for the souls of all
of us. t believe it will do them good. I know
that this looks as if 1 were making light of the
question. It is not so. In my heart, in my con-
science, I feel that it is a serious, a high, and
an important question; one as serious as was ever
propounded to this Congress, or ever will be. It
goes right home to the conscience of gentlemen. •
We do, each of us, maintain this slave trade, or
we do not; and I ask members to do themselves "
justice, and speak boldly their own words, and
give their own votes. I rcjoicc in having this op-
portunity of clearing my own skirts of the iniquity
of this commerce m human flesh, as I do by the
submission and advocacy of my amendment. , I
expected to leave the service of my country m this
body without having that opportunity, until my
friend from New York [Mr. John Cochrane]
reported this bill. I rejoice that 1 have had the
opportunity of laying this amendment before the
House. I ask southern gentlemen and noithern
gentlemen to come up and maintain the right of
the people of the free States to be exempt from
all participation in the crime and wickedness of
this coastwise slave trade, and strike from our
statute-book tiie law which authoiizes it.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chaiiman,as my friend from
Olno has seen proper to refer to me m the course
of his remaiks in reference to his amendment,
allow,me to pay my respects to him for a few
moments. The other day, when the gentleman
spoke m the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, he gave expression to ideas
to which I believe the people of his State and
mine will not yield their assent. That speech,
winch was not unlike his speech of to-day, was
rather for the purpose of a warning and a threat
to his own Republican friends, than as a chal-
lenge to the Democratic party.
The QHA1 LtiMAN. The time for general de-
bate has expired.
Mr. COX. 1 hope I may be permitted to pro-
ceed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will yield to the
gentleman from Ohio to go on with his remarks,
if there be no objection,and it is not taken out of
my time.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
make a remark. The general debate is closed.
This is a long bill; and I tell the gentleman ftom
New York, that if he does not insist upon the
! strictest enforcement of the rule that members
shall b.c confincd in their remaiks to the pending
amendment, he will never get through ten pages
of his bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is my intention
to do so when the committee gets to 'that stage
of the bill. ^
Mr. GOX. I hope the rule will not now be en-
forced upon me. 1 will move an amendment, or
ask unanimous consent to go on with my reply.
'lhe CHAIRMAN. Is there objection ?
Mr. MORGAN. Does the gentleman from
New York Weave his right to close the debate in
a speech of one hour?
The CHAIRMAN. He does not.
Mr. MORGAN. Then I insist upon the en-
forcement of the rule.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. The gentleman fiom
Ohio [Mr. Cox] ought to have leave to reply to
his colleague.
Mr. MORGAN. I must insist upon my objec-
tion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am willing to
yield to the gentleman from Ohio, provided it is
not taken out of my time.
Mr. MORGAN. As there seems to be a gen-
eral desiie that I shall withdraw my objection, 1
do so. After the conclusion of the gentleman's
remarks I will insist upon it.
