1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
im
a commercial community, where a custom-house
is needed. So far as this extravagant building is
concerned, we say, for Heaven's sake, complete
it speedily; and let us no longer be badgered and
twitted on the subject, when we are in no way
responsible for us extravagance.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GRANGER. I do not propose to make
any attack upon tins expenditure——
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GRANGER. I propose to amend by re-
ducing the appiopriation to $10,000. My object
is not to find fault with the completion of custom-
houses particulatly, although they amount up to
a frightful extent. But I would suspend works
of this character for the present; and if next year
we ave able to go on and complete them, let us do
so. The $10,000 which I propose to have appro-
priated will be enough to secure the work from
deterioration.
Mr. MILES. I will not trespass long on the
patience of the committee. But 1 simply desire
to read, as my five minutes' speech, extracts from
a letter of Captain Bowman. I suppose that the
character of Captain Bowman, and his skill, ac-
curacy, and conscientiousness, will be conceded
on all sides. He has no local or other interest
in our custom-house. He says:
Treasury Department, Office of Construction,
Washington, D. C., January 13, 1^.'>9.
Sir: * * * * Such a stoppage would in-
volve a very serious loss to the Government, for the follow-
ing reasons:
1. The material on hand, in placc and on the ground, would
be largely deteriorated m value, and some inevitably spoiled.
The hon woi k would, much of it, fromcoiroMon, be i uin<°d,
and all be injured. The maible. much of u highly orna-
mented at a huge co«t, would be defaced and discolored.
From the natuto of the woik, it becomes a necessity to ae-
eumuhite mnteiml in advance of then use, (as fuliyset forth
in my leport to the Secretary, and tianfmnttod to the Com-
mittee o! VVajss and Means-,) and it would be impo=fiblts to
protect these from injury dining a stoppage. Thev cannot
bcpiopeily cared for until under roof, unless daily watched
and piotected.
2. The contingent expenses of the woik would he con-
tinued, necessarily, whether a lai e or small amount of
woik is to be done, tlms enhancing the ultimate cost of the
work, if Imgermgly performed.
3. In an economical point of view, the disorganization of
the force now employed presents on item of cost, not read-
ily computed, which'should not be io^t sight of. The oper-
atives now employed have learned and are familiar with
their duties. They would be scattered, and become else-
where employed, by a stoppage, and a new force would
have to be organized and taught, at the Government's cost
and loss.
4. Hut the most seriou? item of loss would inure from the
violation of coutracfs, which must result from the stoppage
of the works. Contracts, have been executed, and ate now
in life, for the material of the work. The contiact for
marble is a largo and important one. The contractors have
made laige outlays lor us fulfillment. The> have a num-
ber of quarries in aclive opeiahon, each with a laige and
well organized lorce; and should the Government now re-
fuse to receive, or neglect to provide the means lor paying,
the marble thu^ quanted, it would involve an onerous and
troublesome ^and, in my judgment, just and equitable) claim
for damages, which my expenence m such wai rants
me in asserting could not be finally settled without a larger
sum being paid, than any contemplated reduction of the
amount to be appropriated, heMdes violating the plighted
faith of the Government.
These, and many minor reasons, induce me to strongly
recommend that no change be made in the e.-timates rec-
ommended by the Secietary for this and other buildings.
Very lespectfully, your obedient servant.
A. II. BOWMAN,
Engineer in charge, Treasury Department.
Hon. W. Porcher, Milks, House oj Repi esentatives.
Mr. OLIN. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman how any liability can devolve on the
Govei nment from a breach of contract made with-
out authority of law ?
The question was taken; and Mr. Granger's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. OLIN. I move to amend by reducing the
appropriation fifty dollars.
Mr. EUSTIS. We will accept that amend-
ment. [Laughter.]
Mr. OLIN. The letter from Captain Bowman,
as read to us, states that great damages would re-
sult by reason of certain contracts entered into on
the part of the Government not being performed.
That is precisely what I wish to protest against.
The practice ought to be condemned at once and
forever by this House, of entering into contracts
involving; the expenditure of large sums of money
beyond the appropi lations made bylaw. That is
the source of much of these profligate expendi-
tures that have emptied our Treasury, and will
continue to bankrupt the country. In my judg-
ment., it is the duty of this House to place at once
and forever their condemnation on tins practice.
I should like to know by what authority these
subordinate officers enter, without scruple, into
contracts involving millions, beyond what the
Government appropriates for such purpose? That
was the way in which the Willetfs Point contract
was made, which has disgraced the Goverment
and the officers employed in the negotiation of the
purchase.
Mr. MILES. Where the Government determ-
ines to erect a building, it presupposes the pro-
curing of materials, and the marble cannot be got
without contracts.
Mr. OLIN. Exactly; but when you propose
to build a custom-house, you do not necessarily
propose to expend $2,000,000 on it. t What I ob-
ject to is: when an appropriation is made for such
a purpose, that a subordinate officer should lay
out a plan, commence the work, and enter into
contracts involving expenditures millions beyond
what is authorized by law. When we undertake
to stop this work, we arc told that the breach of
contiact will necessarily involve the payment of
a large amount of damages for a breach of these
contracts. Sir, these contracts are all void, being
entered into without authority of law; but, if the
cost were to be ever so great, I would vote to put
an end to such contracts as this.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me that there is
some little misunderstanding about this matter.
I am opposed to the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, because I do not think itis a suf-
ficient reduction of the appropriation. I think
that it is not necessary to make any appropria-
tion at all. As I understand from this report, the
great difficulty in getting along with the work has
grown out of the fact that those who contracted
to deliver the marble were not able to find the
marble and to deliver it according to the terms of
the contract. Now, if they have got behind in
their contract with the Government, and if, by
that means, the execution of the woik is delayed,
I should like to know, according to Captain Bow-
man's report, what sort of a figure the contract-
ors would cut under the circumstances, in claim-
ing damages from this country. Not only that,
but I see that, on the 30th of September, 3858,
there wasunexpended,of the money appropriated
prior to that time, no less than $329,383 37. Now,
if the outer walls of this House are up, and if
nothing is to be done but to furnish the interior, it
does seem to me that, with a balance of $383,000
on the 30th day of September last, they might be
enabled to protect it hya roof. Doesitnotstrike
you so, sn ? It certainly seems so to me.
Sir, it is proposed to appropriate $200,000—for
what ? Why, to build a dome; and we have heard
nothing about a dome until to-day. Ever since
1 heard of the dome on the center of this build-
ing, I have a mortal aversion to the very word.
I recollect that, when first it was pioposed to pull
down the old dome and put up a new one,
$100,000 was asked for that purpose; and we
were told that the dome would be up by the com-
mencement of the last session. It has been going
on from that day to this; and now we are told
that about one hundred feet more are to go on the
top of the present concern before there is a dome
there at ali. It has cost over a million dollars
now. Now, what sort of a dome they are going
to put upon the Charleston custom-house, God
Almighty only knows. [Laughter.] But as the
gentleman from South Carolina tells us that the
thing is being done on a grand scale, as this is a
magnificent house, and is to be finished in mag-
nificent fctyle, as it will not even do for the mar-
ble to become dirty, I imagine that we shall have
a dome put upon it which will be a miniature rcp-
1 reservation of the dome that is to be put on the
center of this Capitol building; and it will prob-
ably cost one third as much as this will.
INow, is it not right to stop this thing some-
where? Besides thai, what on earth do they
want with a dome on a custom-house r What is
the use of it ?
A Membkk. It adds to the beauty of the build-
ing.
Mr. LETCHER. For beauty! Then, I take
it, that if you make this appropriation you should
add to it, that $200,000 is hereby appropriated
for the beautifying of a house in Charleston. Let
us put it in that way.
Now, one word to my friend from Charleston,
[Mr. Miles.] He seems to think that somebody
has twitted him about his votes foe custom-
houses. I certainly never did, because my per-
sonal respect for him would prevent me from doing
anything of the sort. There is no gentleman in
the House for whom I have a higher respect; and.
I take it for granted that he acts as I do, from a
conviction of what his duty to*his constituents
and the country imposes upon him.
The amendment, was disagreed to.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move to reduce this amount
to P00,000. I merely wish to say, that, I have
witnessed, with great pleasure, the efforts that
have been made by my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher,] for the last five or six years, to
reduce the expenditures for various objects; but
it strikes me that he has made a mistake, and be-
gins at the wrong end by endeavoring to strike at
expenditures in the appropriation bills at the heel
of the session. I wish to say, that I believe the
House will never accomplish anything of this
kind until they make it a criminal offense, pun-
ishable severely by fine and imprisonment, for ex-
ecutive officers of this Government to exceed the
appropriations authorized by acts of Congress, or
to enter into contracts in advance of acts of Con-
gress authorizing them. That is the only rem-
edy. It is perfectly vain; it is a mere farce, to
attempt to reduce the expenditures by lopping off
a little here and there, when theie are persons at
the other end of the avenue who nullify and set
at defiance the very laws passed by this House.
What they please, they execute, and what they
do not please, they do not execute. They enter
into contracts, and act precisely as if there was
no Congress sitting here, or ever to meet here, or
as if we were simply here to register their de-
crees. Since I have been here, I have seen very
little regard paid by executive officers to any act
of Congress. We have over and over again passed
acts providing that the amounts appropriated shall
complete the structures for which they are in-
tended. But they go on and spend the money as
if not a word had been said on' the subject; and
then they come hack here next year with another
estimate and another plan totally different from
that intended by anybody in this House. The
only remedy, in my judgment, would be to make
it a criminal offense, punishable severely by fine
and imprisonment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am a little astonished at
the course of the gentleman from Virginia, who is
a member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
who, if they believed this appropriation to be
wrong, ought to have put some restriction upon
the appropriation as to the future work, on this
building.
Mr. LETCHER. I was in a minority on the
committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, a minority cannot
control the action of the committee; but I have
not heard the majority speak in favor of this ap-
propriation. Now, it is not, in my judgment, the
i part of wisdom to strike out an appropriation,
! when we know that, under the law, the Depart-
i meat has a right to go on with the execution of
! the original plan that has been submitted to and
] approved by Congress.
i Now, sir, the custom-houses at Charleston and
; New Orleans are being built upon a principle en-
i tirely different from that upon which the residue
! of the custom-houses of the country are being
' built.
! Mr. LETCHER. They are being built upon
: no principle at all.
| Mr. HOUSTON. That maybe so. The other
! custom-houses of the country are let out at con-
' tracts for the appropriation which Congress has
made. But that is not the Case with, regard to the
Charleston custom-house. There the Depart-
• i ment is carrying on the work itself, and is carry-
j. im* it on in accordance with its own plan; and
!: Congress has appropriated about a million and a
|! half dollars for the execution of that plan. If,
}' instead of moving to strike out the whole appro-
. I pi lation, the gent/cman had submitted some pro-
viso , so as to restrict the appropriation, the House
might have gone with him. If we want to change
the plan of this building, to bring the work to a
close, and to stop this outlay of money—which,
"I agree, is improper and wrong—we should put
some restriction into the law.
Now, sir, I have opposed, as every gentleman
who has been long in Congress will remember,
this system of wasting public money upon these
useless buildings. When the Secretary of the
