1480
TBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Tresaury, under a former Administration, reeom-
riiiended 'and urged them, I believed then that it
was a waste of money, and that the purpose was
to adorn the cities and towns in which they were
built. I believe the money might just as well be
thrown into the Potomac.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. R1TCHI& by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The amendment offered by Mr. Letcher was
adopted.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw that motion, I think we
shall be enabled to get on with the bill if gentle-
men wijl confipe themselves to the rules of order.
Mr. KEITT. Very well, I withdraw my mo-
tion.
3V|r. BURNETT. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing paragraph from the bill:
" Fqr continuing the work on the custom-house at New
Orleans, Louisiana, $250,000: Provided, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall submit, at the commencement of
the ncjt session of Congress, the amount already expended
for the Charleston apt! New Orleans custom-houses, and an
estjmate, ip detail, of the probable cost tor the final com-
ttletiori' of the same, and also the time it will require to
nbish them."
Now, sir, I think th$t proviso attached to the
clause shows conclusively that it ought to be
stricken out, without any other single reason;
•withoutgiving any other single additional fact.
The argument used by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [mr. Garnett,] for striking out the appro-
priation for the custom-house at Charleston, ap-
plies with additional force to the custom-house at
New Orleans. The reason, if I may use such an
expression, applies with fourfold force to this
custpm-house. Now, sir, how much money has
been spent already on this custom-house ? Over
two million five hundred thousand dollars, if I
am not mistaken; a gentleman sitting by me says
nearly three million doilais. Well, sir, what is
this report of Captain Bowman? And before I !
rcf^r to his report, I have this remark to make
us to his being a scientific gentleman, and under- |
standing the duties of the position he holds, I be- j
lieve there is no question; but I will say, I am S
opposed to this military supcrintendency. I be- j
lieve our public works would coat less, and would ]
be carried on justas well, if placed under the con-!
trol of civil engineers. j
But, sir, the report which I have before me
shows that this custom-house at New Orleans ,
still continues to sink.- We have no certainty, i
from the facts we have before us, that the appro- 1
priations we make will be available. It has sunk
more this year than any previous year since the |
erection was commenced. I ask, then, if it is not;
better that we should wait for the estimates to tell ;
us how much this house will cost when it will !
be completed, and, indeed, have all the facts and
figures submitted to us, before we make the addi- !j
tional appropriation of #250,000. j!
Mr. feUSTlS. Mr. Chairman, I would have j
been much disappointed if these annual attacks i|
made on the custom-house at New Orleans had !
not been made on this occasion. I hoped, how- j
ever, that, in a discussion which has been going ij
on for five or six years, and which has received j
the notice of gentlemen of so much talent, and of ||
so much ingenuity, some new facts would have Ij
been elicited m this discussion to authoiize the !j
committee and the House to sustain the motion >
which has been made. What is that motion ? j
What does it all come to ? it is simply this: we |
have a custom-house in New Orleans, now in pro-'
gress of construction, on which, it is true, more ,
than two million dollars have already been expend-1
ed. I ask the gentleman from Kentucky; I ask gen- ,
tlemen on this floor, whose fault is it? It is the ;
fault of the people here at Washington, and not the J
fault of the people at New Oi leans, it is certainly j
not the fault of the Representatives of Louisiana, j
The proposition must be reduced, therefoie, to j
this: because a large amount has been spent on:
this custom-house, and because it is not finished, j
therefore we are not to have any more appropn- j
ations. If you want to stop these appropriations, j
you must begin first by finishing the building; <
and when yuu have finished thai building, and I
when you have given the city of New Orleans a :
complete custom-house; when you have built up
those walls; when you have given us a roof; jj
when, as I say, you have given us a complete cus-1]
tom-house, we will not come here and ask you
for anymore appropriations; and when you do
that, you will have done your duty, and not be-
fore. I agree with the gentleman from Charles-
ton, who has addressed this House, that it is per-
fectly absurd and ridiculous for men to get up on
this floor—men of experience—and to tell us that
we must not complete that building, or any other
building which has been commenced under this
Administration, or any other. Sir, I care not who
is to be benefited by the completion of this build-
ing. The persons who occupy that building are
officers of the United States, transacting the busi-
ness of this Government. Here is a letter, which
has been addressed to the Louisiana delegation
by the engineer in charge of the work, which will
explain itself:
Superintendent's Office, New Custom House,
New Orleans, December 24, 1858.
Gentlemen : I beg leave to present to you a few facts
relative to this work, which will exhibit the importance of
a full appropriation for its continuance during the ensuing
fiscal year, both with reference to the construction itself
and advantage to the public service in this city.
At the end of the ptesent month, the total disbursements
on the bmhhng will have been about two million six hun-
dred thousand dollars, in the expenditure of which every
precaution has been used to secure the most perfect and
din able " line of work" at the lowest co.st that the case ad-
mitted of.
The estimates for the entire cost of the structure fioin the
first, (Inclusive of the above,) amount io about three and a
half million dollar*, and it will greatly diminish all contin-
gent expemhiute to have the balance, still required to com-
plete the work, appropriated in as lar^e annual sums as
practicable ; for the immense amount of perishable material
absolutely necessary to the construction, in scaffolding,
derrick#, &c., must be kppt in repair, and large portions of
the woik, exposed to the weather, are subject to corrosion,
thus pointing out the importance of hastening the final roof
cover. Tins desirable end has already been retarded by the
reduction in the amount appropnated by the last Congress,
$100,.00i) below my estimate's. Still I am enabled to keep
the work in steady advance, though not quite so rapidly as
1 could wi<b; and the fourth floor and fourth story walls,
with the corresponding marble entablature over the columns
in the collector's room, will soon be completed.
Thu*, jf a full appropriation of say $350,000, is made by
the present Oongtess, u will enable me to hasten the com-
pletion of the work on the old levee side, and so turn over,
with the least possible delay, for active business, the post
office depaitment and the United States court rooms.
i need scarcely say how important to the public interest,
and that ol the General Government, it will be to carry out
tins great object. I need only refer to the convenient,
though only temporary, accommodations already furnished
within our wrilK to the ofliees and officers of the revenue
service, in pi oof of the position that we cannot be too sed-
ulous in our endeavors to complete the apailments in this
building lor oilier loading branches of the public service,
and thuscnh*t your energies and influence jii securing lor
the work the necessary appropriations for accomplishing
Mich dchuable results.
[ remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,
G T. BEAUREGARD,
Brevet Major of Engineers, Superintendent y tyc*
To the Louisiana Delegation in Congress.
I ask the committee to look at this question
squarely and fairly. I do not ask anything else.
1 do not believe that I have ever asked anything
else on any occasion. In the votes which I have
given on these questions of appropriations, I have
endeavored to do my duty as a national man,
winch I am, and which I hope, I always will be.
I am not here moved by any sectional feeling; I
am not moved by any individual interest; I am
not asking for the city of New Orleans, what I
will not vote for the city of Boston, or the city of !
New York, or the city of Chicago. I ask you :
whether, in view of the recommendations of the !
Department, in view of the recommendations of:
officers m charge of the work, you are prepared
to stop this work ? |
[Here the hammer fell.] |
Mr.OLIN. Mr. Chairman, I propose to amend ;
the section by leaving in all after the woid "pro- j
vided," so that the scction will then remain, in ;
substance: "That the Secretary shall report at 1
the commencement of the next session of Con- !
gress what amount will be required for the com- :
pletion of this work;" and by that means enable I
Congress to ascertain the propriety of proceeding |
farther with these appropriations. j
The gentleman from Louisiana inquires why
it is that these annual attacks are made upon
these appropriations. The facts connected with
this custom-house, it seems to me, would be a
sufficient answer to that objection, I think, m the
the judgment of Congress. It is now doubtful i
whether all the money which has been expended i
annually upon that custom-house has,atthe endof ;
each year, left it as high as it found it. We have j
not learned yet whether the stone which is piled {
on it has rendered the structure higher than it
was at the commencement of the year. I believe
it is sinking into the earth faster than they are
building it up; and what I ask is, that the Secre-
tary should report to the House what will be re-
quired for the completion of the work. When
we have that esti-mate from the Secretary, we can
act understandingly.
Mr, BURNETT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York. I do not
take the position—proposing to strike out this en-
tire appropriation—that the gentleman from Lou-
isiana would assign to me. I do not propose that
we shall not complete these houses; but here is
the fact to which I desire to call the gentleman's
attention: this custom-house has sunk twenty
inches. That fact is disclosed by the report. It
sunk more last year than any year since it waa
commenced. Now, you ask us to make an ap-
propriation of $250,000 to go on and complete
that building, which has cost now over $2,800,000.
Shall we go on, or wait to see that the building
will topple over, and therefore create no necessity
for its completion ?
Mr. EUSTIS. When it falls down, that will
be the end of it.
Mr. BURNETT. What I object to is, calling
upon me to vote §250,000 for this custom-house
when it is not known that11 will siand,and when
we do not know what is to be the final cost of it.
I do not call into question the gentleman's na-
tionality. I did not know that that question waa
in issue. I do not know that my nationality is
as broad as the gentleman's. I think that, as
between Charleston, New Orleans and Baltimore,
and Boston, or any other northern city, 1 could
render impartial justice. Convince me that an
appropriation is just; that it is authorized by law;
and a sound policy would require that it should
be made, and i will vote for it. But I say to the
gentleman from Louisiana that I will not, from
mere sectional considerations, vote for an appro-
priation for New Orleans any sooner than I would,
from the same impulses, vote against one for Bos-
ton. This appropriation ought not to be made,
and therefore I vote against it.
[[-lore the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Olin's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
Mr. McRAE. I move to amend by increasing
the appropriation five dollars. I simply want to
express my opinion in reference to the merits of
this appropriation. The first appropriation for
this custom-house at New Oi leans was made ten
years ago; and the work is not yet completed. It
is the custom-house of the first city of the South;
and it does seem very extraordinary to me that,
after having spent over two million and a half on
it, there should be objection made to appropria-
ting $250,000 to complete it.
Mr. MORGAN. How do you know that
$250,000 will complete it? That is what we want
to know.
Mr. McRAE. Well, if it takes $2,500,000
more to complete it, I would vote far it. Ifa thing
is right, no matter what the amount necessary to
carry it out may be, 1 will go for it. Show me
that a thing is right, and the amount makes no
difference with me.
The custom-house of New Orleans is of the
first importance, not only to this city, but to the
South and West. I have been in New Orleans,
and have seen this work in progress for the last
ten years. It is a magnificent building; such a
one as is a credit to the city, and to the Govern-
ment of the United States.
But the objection made is, that the building is
sinking. There is no other objection. Do gen-
tlemen want to tell mo here that the city of New
Oileans is sinking, and that it will sink, and that
that city is to be lost to the*Uniori ? I second the
sentiment of the gentleman from Louisiana. Make
the appropriation to complete the custom-house,
and the State of Louisiana will take care that it
does not sink, and go out of existence.
I do not believe in that species of economy that
is asserted by some members of the House—that
the construction of public buildings should be
suspended on account of want of means. I do
not believe it a matter of economy to suspend the
work on these public buildings until they are
completed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ABBOTT. I do not desire to occupy the
