1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
marily,and secondarily for the benefit of the ship-
owners, a class exclusively interested in the toil
and labor of the sailor, the sum of $176,609; and,
sir, at this present session this House will be
called upon to make an appropriation of a similar
nature, and of nearly the same amount, to supply
the existing deficiency in theliospital fund of the
present fiscal year.
Now, sir, whence the abuse which swells this
fund to this amount? Is it the fault of (he law
now proposed, or is itlhe fault of the law of 1798?
Clearly not; and ray friend, when he sought to
load this bill with the odium of that abuse, in-
flicted an injustice upon the bill.
I agree with my colleague in his condemnation
of abuses; and when he proclaims his opposition
to them upon this floor, and undertakes the her-
culean task of cleansing the augean stables that
reek and groan with the corruption of patronage,
I will yield to his exclamation, come on! and I will
follow him where he chooses to lead. But when
embarking in that crusade, I do not forget that
it cannot affect the merits of the bill upon which
this controversy is raised. I do not forget that
this bill and the present law are innocent of these
occasions. The most practicable and infallible
laws of man's device are subject to abuse. L&ws
and principles are perfect wrien they accom-
modate themselves to the perfection of reason,
though their administration is often imperfect
and corrupt.' I admit freely the abuse which has
prevailed in the dissipation of Treasury funds for
erecting marine hospitals at points where there
are few sailors to be relieved, and while expos-
ing other points destitute'or miserably provided
with accommodations for the sick and disabled
that there abound. I admit such abuses and pro-
claim that the people are wronged, and their rep-
resentatives defrauded.
Mr. CLARK,of New York. Will mycolleague
permit me to ask him whether it would be neces-
sary to impose these tonnage ducs^utfor the ne-
cessity that exists to sustain the system of marine
hospitals?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I answer my friend
with a great deal of pleasure, that not one penny
of the money collected and contributed for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen, ever has gone,
or, under the pioposed law, ever will go, to the
erection of marine hospitals.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to ask whether,
under the existing law, the money does not ulti-
mately come out of the .pockets of the sailors ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It docs undoubt-
edly.
Mr. HOUSTON. And whether, under the pro-
posed law, the money will not also come out of
the pockets of the sailors ?
Mr. JOHJSTCOCHRANE. I answer distinctly
in the affirmative, to both of these questions.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. On that point I
desire to call the attention of my colleague to the
bill, and he will see that no practicable means are
provided whereby the owner can get the money
back from the sailor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I must throw my-
self on the indulgence of the committee, and my
friends, if hereafter I decline to be interrupted by
questions. I have but a few brief moments lett
in which to present the merits of the bill, I have
thus far had but one hour in which to present
them, while many of my friends oti the floor, in
effect, declare that twelve months have not been
adequate for them to consider its provisions. I
therefore trust that I will be allowed to proceed
with these remarks, imperfect as they are, and
still to endeavor to satisfy the committee that the
work of the commissioners, at which they have
labored now for five years, is not obnoxious to
tho objections that have been raised against it.
Sir, the refutation of the proposition of my friend
from New York is contained m this language of
the amendment proposed to the bill by the Com-
mittee on Commerce:
Provided^ That the master or owner of any steamship
or other vessel engaged in the foreign or coastwise trade,
is hereby authorized to letam the amount of such hospital
duty for winch such steamship or other vessel is liable,
fiom the wages of each seaman employed on boat d theieoi,
in propoition to the time and waged of such &eauian^
Mr. CLARK, of New York. My friend cer-
tainly docs not mean that the owner of the ship
may retain the money from each of the seamen.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My friend does
not read accurately, or has not had his attention
directed sufficiently long to the text of the amend-
ment, to receive its full force. I will, therefore,
again direct his attention to it; and after that, I
must peremptorily decline, and shall certainly
insist on exemption from further interruption.
The pertinent portion of 'the amendment is this:
" The wages of each seaman employed on boaid thereof,
in proportion to the time and wages of such seaman:.55
I am sorry that even this un mistakablel&nguage
of the section is not satisfactory to my friend from
New York; and it is with the severe weight of
this sorrow upon my bosom that I proceed with
the remainder of my remarks, knowing that, how-
ever convincing they may be to my other friends
on the floor, my friend from New York will re-
main unsatisfied still.
It, sir, became the bounden duty of this Gov-
ernment, on finding that tho contributions for the
relief of the sick mariner* were not sufficient to
supply the deficiency, to devise the requisite rem-
edy. They have done so, and they intend to sup-
ply it by this process. I will now refer the com-
mittee to the details from which the commission
have been able to propose tins section. The total
tonnage of the United States amounts to four mil-
lion nine hundred and ninety thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-three tons.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. Over five millions.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. This«is the last
return.  
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. There is a later one
than that.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The tonnage at
present may somewhat exceed that amount. It
is supposed that our tonnage increases annually
about twelve thousand tons. I know it has been
stated m some quarters that it amounts to over five
millions. But these are the figures that have been
taken from statistical returns deposited in the
proper Department. Of this amount, two million
four hundred and sixty-three thousand nine hun-
dred and sixty-seven tons is registered tonnage, or
tonnage engaged in the foreign trade. The bal-
ance, two million four hundred and seventy-six
thousand eight hundred and seventy-five tons is
coastwise or enrolled and licensed tonnage. It is
proposed by the bill that this tonnage shall be
taxed three cents to the ton, and that the tax be
levied on all the tonnage upon its registry. The
bill calls primarily for the registry anew yf all the
tonnage of the United States. That is one of the
elements of.increase which we contemplate. "VVe
have counted, secondly, on the renewal ofeach reg-
ister not more than twice each year; thirdly, on
the ai rival of each registered steamer or other ves-
sel of the United States from foreign ports, twice
each year; fourthly, on£aeh foreign vessel arriv-
ing m the United States, not to exceed twice a
year; and fifthly, on the renewal of each coasting
vessels'iegistei", three cents per ton on every such
arrival and renewal of register. It is necessary
hero to understand that the registry of each coast-
ing vessel must be renewed annually, for the reg-
istry, by its own limitation, expires at the end of
each year.
Now for all these elements. I have made up a
table of estimates which have been approved hy
the Department. It is founded on statistical re-
turns to the Department, as well of our shipping
to foreign*ports, or coastwise shipping, as of the
annual arnvals of foreign vessels m ports of the
United Stales, and of the annual arrivals here of
our own vessels from foreign ports. These figures,
at the rate of three cents per ton, will give the sum
of $418,981 for the first year of the operation of
the law, the same amount that I stated in answer
to my colleague some days since. For the second
and all Eulv.equent years, the same table gives
§344,961, annually. So you will perceive, sir, that
according lo the estimates based upon the statis-
tics of the Department, the tonnage contributed
would approach, in some degree, the sum which
this Government isannually expending for the re-
lief of sick and disabled seamen. I do not mean
to be understood that it is precisely the sum. _ It,
in fact, exceeds it, according to this computation,
by some thousands of dollars the first year, though
no more than equalling it in other years. But
that which is computed now of expenditure, is
sure to be exceeded hereafter by the growing
wants and with increasing commerce of the coun-
try; and it may be supposed that any excess of
one year will be carried over to the credit of the
ensuing year by the officers of the Government
intrusted with the dispensation of the funds.-.
Sir, were our ancestors right in establishing
and enacting a law of this description ? Is therg
no reason for the protection of the sailor?—he
who, because of his devotion to the interests of
the shipowner, has become emasculated for the
land, is the very child of the sea; he who, of pro-
verbial recklessness and of traditional improvi-
dence, whenever he sets foot upon the earth is
the victim of the land-shark, the plundered of
every marauder and robber-ruffian of the street?
Our progenitors thought it reasonable, they
thought it their duty to care for such men as they
would care for the lunatic and.tbe helpless. They
thought, too, that he for whose benefit the sailor
labored; he in whose cause he contracted these
helpless habits—the shipowner or master—was
of all others the one who should be chained with
the collection of the fund for his benefit, and with
its distribution. Great and beneficial as com-
merce is, true and catholic to the interests of all,
faithful adherent as it must and ever will be to"
the whole interests of all the nations, yet com-
merce should be loaded w\th this condition, to
care that those who have suffered in its service
shall not want in the days of their destitution..
Sir, such is the argument for the law as it stands,
and the same argument inures to the benefit of
the law that is proposed. I therefore say that as
our predecessors have pronounced, so pronounce
I; and as all reason pronounces, so will this com-
mittee affirm. The reason is a just and laudable
reason which stimulates care for those made help-
less in consequence of their labors for the com-
mon weal. While honorable gentlemen are pen-
sioning those who have performed services for
their country of at least questionable benefit, load-
ing thus the Treasury with a heavy pensionary
fund, it is, to say the least, equally wise and pat-
riotic to pension those who now engage for the
public good upon the wild and turbulent main.
Sir, 1 might proceed with this argument much
further. I might wisely refer to the particular
provisions of this bill, which appeal to the minds
and to the judgments of all. I might declare here,
upon my honor as a legislator, my faith and indi-
vidual reliance that no better law than this can be
now presented to the House for its action. Itsat-
isfies me, and I am content to piocluim here, on
the authority of the present incumbent of the
Treasury Department, that although there are er-
rors in this law which meet with his disapproba-
tion, yet—and I can hardly impart to the language
the emphasis of its author—yet he prays and im-
plores this House that if they wish the revenues
of t,he country to bo collected,if they wish the du-
ties of his Department to be performed, if they
wish the reputation of this land to be conserved,
they Will pass the law as it is proposed.
We have now an army of law, cohering a track
of time more than sixty years. Who is there here
who will undertake to pronounce upon those
laws? Who is there upon our judicial tribunals
who has succeeded in expounding them ? The
voice of Story, which I have lepeated to this
House, and the voice of Grier, in solemn judg-
ment, have proclaimed that the revenue laws of
this land are but a vain delusion, a " tinkling cym-
ba^," without consistency or unity, destitute of
all fixed rules and possibility of determination.
Now, gentlemen may say that because this is
a long bill, they cannot act upon it. If this ba,a
reason for rejecting a law, God save the Repub-
lic ! I trust, in truth, sir, that there is no reason
of such description gathering its ominous weight
here to-day. It is impossible that gentlemen
should understand the technicalities and the ref-
erences in detail of this bill to the subjects to
which it relates. I am doing thein no injustice
when I say this. The most astute and profound
lawyer in the land would not be able to compre-
hend the formulas of the customs and of the col-
lection of the revenues. It would require famil-
iarity with the purlieus of the custom-house, with
the decks of ships, and with the wharves of cities,
to enable each to understand the details of the
bill. He who would make the attempt would be
justly chargeable with a folly little less than that
of the fabled animal which perished in its at-
tempt to comprehend and attain unnatural dimen-
sions.
I find, Mr. Chairman, that if I pursue tho
thread of my argument, I shall arrive at tho limit
