1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im'
time of the committee more than a few moments;
for it is time, if we mean to pass this appropria-
tion bill, to begin to work. Bat I wish to say a
single word in regard to the custom-house at New
Orleans, for the sum expended has not been yet
accurately stated. That sum is $2,850,000 It
is now said that the building is sinking: Sir, it
is sinking the money that belongs to the nation.
It is a sinking fund; and I think it time that it was
sunk altogether.
Mr. EUSTIS. I askthegentlemanfromMaine
whether he really and seriously believes that this
custom-house is sinking, or whether he is in jest?
Mr. ABBOTT. I do not know whether it is
sinking or not.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will refer him to the page where he can as-
certain that it is sinking. I refer him to Captain
Bowman's report, at page 98 of the finance report.
Mr. ABBOTT. We all know the condition of
the soil of the city of New Orleans, and that that
soil is not permanent. The building has already
sunk nearly three millions, and it is quite time
the whole thing was sunk.
Mr. EUSTIS. There is no doubt that the
money is sunk, but the custom-house is not.
Mr. ABBOTT. I do not know whether it is
the fault of Congress or of the men who are ex-
pending this money; but the money has gone for
some purpose, either to the custom-house or to
partisans. In my judgment, it is time to stop
this expenditure. The original appropriation for
the custom-house was $100,000. That for the
Charleston custom-house was $30,000. And now
over five millions has been expended on these two
custom-houses. If we are to reform the abuses
of Government at all, it is about time to begin;
and I think we might as well begin on these cus-
tom-houses as anywhere else.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McRAE. I withdraw my amendment. I
■want to know from the gentleman from Virginia
whether the building has ever received any injury
from the sinking?
Mr. LETCHER. It has sunk twenty inches,
and I imagine the doors must be partly under
ground.
Mr. McRAE. Is that stated in the report?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir.
Mr, McRAE. The gentleman cannot show
that it has received any injury.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I move to in-
crease the appropriation to $260,000. I am famil-
iar with this building. Its walls are now erected,
and nearly the whole weight that is to exist in
the building is now there. On that soil buildings
sink for a certain length of time; but for that very
reason this building was erected slowly. Now
it needs a roof, and Congress is asked to-author-
ize the expenditure necessary to fit it for the pur-
poses for which it was designed. There are some
rooms in it occupied now for the public business.
When it is completed, it is to give accommoda-
tion to your courts, to your post office, to the cus-
tom-house. But that is not all, sir; when this
building was projected, a plan was submitted for
the purpose, notonlyof makingitacustom-house,
and fitting it for the accommodation of the differ-
ent public offices, but it waj intended to be, in ad-
dition, a vast warehouse, in which goods, wares,
and merchandise, brought into the country, should
be stored, and on which the Government should
receive that storage, which is now paid to indi-
viduals. It was intended to be a building of such
a character that the use of other warehouses should
be superseded, and that those expenses should be
cut off which are incurred in all other cities for the
storage of merchandise.
With the expenditure of a few hundred thou-
sand dollars, the building will be complete, and
will produce the results designed, lt has now
readied such a stage that it needs roofing.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
from Louisiana hosv the site upon which this cus-
tom-house is built was obtained?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. It was presented
to the United States by the city of New Orleans.
Mr. MAYNARD. At what cost?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. It cost the Gov-
ernment nothing; and the lot is worth, to-day,
about a million dollars.
Mr. MAYNARD. My inquiry was, what it
cost the city to make that present to the Govern-
ment ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. The lot was the
property of the city of New Orleans, and had
been for years, but it is now worth over one mil-
lion dollars; and my impression is, that if it had
been parceled out into lots, it would have sold
now for $2,000,000.
Mr. CLAY. 1 would ask the gentleman from
Louisiana whether, in his opinion, with the
knowledge that he possesses of this building,
which I know to be important, and which 1 hope
to see some day, he does not believe that it could
be protected, without injury, for one'year?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. My own im-
pression is, that all buildings of this sort receive
injury from exposure to the weather. My knowl-
edge is, that the building has reached that stage
when it is about ready to be covered and rendered
fit for the purposes for which it is designed.
Mr. CLAY. One other question. I see it
stated in the report which has been furnished to
the House, that this building has been sinking
during the past year more than ever before.
Would it not be wise, in his judgment, to let it
have another year, in order that we may see
whether it will sink with still increasing rapidity ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. That is the ex-
perience with respect to all large structures erected
in the city of New Orleans. It is possible, that it
may continue to sink slightly for a length of time;
but the engineers who superintended its construc-
tion have made allowances for that circumstance;
and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
is in error when he speaks of the doorway as
having sunk beneath the«oil. The building was
commenced with an express view to that physical
fact, which is universal with respect to all build-
ings in New Orleans; and it was erected at such
a height, that, when it has finally settled in its
permanent position, it will have the elevation
which the engineers and architects designed it to
have.
Mr. GRANGER. Has ltfound a solid bottom
yet ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I presume it
has not; and probably will not for some years to
come.
Mr. GRANGER. I do not want any pre-
sumption. This is an important point. Has it
found a solid bottom yet?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. It undoubtedly
will follow the fate of other structures elected
under the same circumstances. The municipal
hall of the city of New Orleans is a building as
heavy, for the extent of ground it covers, as the
custom-house, and it has reached its period of
settlement.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to correct one state-
ment which has been made by the gentleman from
Louisiana. He said that this custom-house was
originally designed to include a warehouse. I wish
to say that, if that was the original design, it has
been abandoned; for it will be perceived, in the
report of Captain Bowman, that an appropriation
is asked for the construction of warehouses at
New Orleans.
Now, I submit that, when we find that the
building is sinking, and when we consider that,
on the 1st of October last, there was an unex-
pended balance of $349,000 of the appropriation
for this work 
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. The gentleman
will allow me to correct him on one point. These
warehouses, of which he speaks, are at the quar-
antine station, several miles from New Orleans,
and their erection is called for; because it is ex-
pected that,when vessels arrive from infected ports,
they will be unladen; and it is necessary to have
some place in which to store the goods, and pre-
vent them from receiving injury from the weather.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. Burnett's amendment was then agreed
to.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose now to add, at
that point, that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall use the balances of unexpended appropria-
tions heretofore made for the Charleston and New
Oileans custom-houses, in finishing said buildings
for use.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, for
the reason that the work on both the custom-
houses in this bill ought not to be suspended, and
I hope some measure will be taken either here or
in the Senate to restore the appropriations stricken
out by the committee, arid I do not want to put
anything in the bill which will tend to obstruct
such a course. In my judgment, if you study-
true economy—that economy which, in the end,
makes the least waste, and certain gentlemen seeni
to have waked up at last, and to be laboring urtxfeS
a spasmodic fitof the article just now—you will'
preserve these appropriations and let the wbrk go
on. It is anything but economy to suspend woric
and hang up these buildings in their present con-
dition. These structures are nearly completed,
and itis neither wise nor prudent to abandon them •
to time and the elements for a year or more. The
head workmen and hands are going on profit-
ably and without interruption; they are familiar
with the designs, plans, and style of work, and
mode of doing it. The master workmen are famil-
iar with the skill and capacity of each laborer;
and every man has the place best fitted for him,
and all is working harmoniously. Now, break
up all this; discharge these men; and when the
work is resumed, they will all be scattered, and
you will have to call on a new set of hands, who
will have to take time to become familiar with the
plans and nature of the work, and who will be
likely to introduce new and expensive alterations.
Besides the exposure of unroofed buildings, the
waste and injury of materials is no inconsider-
able matter, but is a consideration sufficient of
itself to deter prudent men from the couisfe pro-
posed. Labor is now plenty, and seeking employ-
ment on very moderate terms. Money is also
cheap, and seeking investment at moderate rates;
and if these buildings are ever to be completed,
you never can do it so cheaply as now. We Shall
lose more than double by Waste and injury alone,
than we shall have to pay interest oti money to
go on with.
But, say gentlemen, the buildings are too ex-
travagant. True, I admit it. I do not knoW that
any one disputes that. For this, there is great
blame somewhere. On whom and where does it
rest? Not on the cities where the buildings are
located. They do not make the appropriations';
they neither design nor execute the work. If
they desired extravagant buildings, it was at the
option of the Government to yield to them, ot
not. The blame for this is here, in Congress and
the executive department, and nowhere else. The
executive department has gone on, year after year,
piling up these marble palaces; and Congress
has, year after year, sanctioned their doings by
making the called for appropriations. Is it just,
or expedient, then, now when the designs of those
buildings cannot be altered, after they are nearly
completed, and one of them partially occupied, to
suspend operations because the Treasury is low,
or spoil them by finishing them in a different and
cheaper style of architecture and material, be-
cause the designs are too extravagant? The idea
is preposterous; and I say to gentlemen on this
side and on that side of the House, that these'
buildings will be completed. No man in his senses
can doubt that. If you fail to make the appropri-
ation this year, the next Congress will have to do
it, and the country suffer the losses which will,
in various ways, be the result. If the object is to
establish some rule, as some say, by which to
regulate the plans and cost of the public buildings,
and the expenditure of money on them, I submit
that it is too late, unfair, anil inexpedient, to at-
tempt to apply any such rule to buildings nearly
completed. Such regulations are right, and ought,
! long ago, to have been established; but they can
only be applied in advance, before the commence-
ment of the buildings; and it is wrong for Con-
gress, after permitting this practice to run on
without any attempt to remedyit, to wake up sud-
denly, and either abandon, suspend, or change the
design of buildings m the nearly completed con-
dition that these two custom-houses are.
The real question is, will you complete these
buildings now, while everything around them is
in harmonious working order, and while labor
and materials are much below an average price,
and while money, too, is seeking an investment
and can be had at low rates of interest? or will
you spend a sum'several times, perhaps, the value
i of the interest on the sum required to keep them
! along, in putting on temporary covering, housing
! the materials for preservation, and the various
unavoidable losses attending the sasp'ension of
