1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
wprks of that kind, and finish them when money
is scarce and labor high ? I see no possible reason
why, if these buildings are ever to be completed,
the work should be suspended now, and suddenly,
■when nothing around them is in a state to be left
without far more loss than gain. You will pro-
duce waste and extravagance rather than economy
by such an operation, and I can see no possible
good to result from it in any view whatever.
The amendment was rejected.
' Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I move to amend,
by adding at the end of the forty-fouri h line, ap-
propriating $4Q,000 for completing the Indianap-
olis court-house and post office, as follows:
For tin', completion of the capitol of the Teiritoi v of Ne-
bwiska, $30,000.
For the completion of the capitol of the Tcnitory of New
Mexico. $60,000 ; and fm the completion of the penitenti-
ary in ssaid Territory, $23,000
For the building oi a prison-house m the Territory of
Kansas, {$15,000.
For tho completion of" the capitol of the Tciritory of Utah,
$50,000: Provided, No part ot tlic<mns hereby appiopriated
to jsajd Territories of Nebraska. Kansas, New Mexico, and
Utah, foi public binUlmgs,;-ha!l l>« expended until contracts
for the completion ot said buildings respectively, for a sum
vviihin^he sum hereby appropriated, fhall be executed by
responsible pernons, and approved bv the Governors of the
respective 'JVrritoncs * Prnt-uied fa>lhcr, That the loeatiort
of the piison-hou:>e in the Territory ot Nebraska shall be de-
teimined bv the judges of the supreme court of said Ter-
 itory, or any two ol iheni; and the location nf tho prwon-
homcin Kaunas to be made by A, J. Mead, Kobeit Monow,
and Henry Foot, oi any two of them.
Mr, LKTCMEEl. I rise to a question of order,
I submit that this amendment makes appropria-
tions for buildings not authorized by law to be
constructed.
Mr, CLARK, of Missouri. They are all au-
thorized by law except that in Kansas.
Mr..LETCUKR. Then I uiisc the question
of order still, that all the appropriations in that
amendment arc not authorized by law.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouu. I will state, to tho
gentleman from Virginia, that the penitentiary in
New Mexico has been ordered and the work has
been commenced. The same is true of the capi-
tol in Utah, and in reference to most of these
buildings.
Mr. LETCH KR. I insist on my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clmir rules the
amend mem to be out of oidei.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair. I can produce
the statutes providing for the erection of these
buildings. I offer the amendment from the Com-
mittee on Tenitories. They have reported bills
for tlu'se very works, which are now in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
but no day has been assigned for the considera-
tion of lerritoual business, and tins is the only
opportunity we can get to have the matter pro-
vided for tins session.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GROW. I desire to inquire upon what
ground tho Chairman rules the amendment out
of older5
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the ground that it
is an amendment not gnmane to the item in this
bill to which it is offered, but upon a difieient
Rubject altogether. The Chair would hold that
it would be out of order to mcorpoiate any pri
vate bill into an appi opriation bill, or any mat-
ter having no i elation to the subject-matter of tho
bill. Tlie Chair can see no possible connection
between tho construction of capitols and peniten-
tiaries in the several Ten Hones, and the comple-
tion of the court-house and post office at Indian-
apolis. The Chair, therefore, rules the amend-
ment to be out of order, The gentleman from
Missouri appeals from the decision of the Chair;
and tlie question now is, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Would it be in
order to offer the amendment as a separate, para-
graph of the bill?
The CH A113 M AN. Not at this point.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
strikeout this appropi ldiion of $40,000 for the
completion of the court-house and post office at
Indianapolis. 1 do not see any good leason why
we should go on with that building any moie than
with the oilier puohc buildings which we have
already stiicken out.
Air. PETTI r. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the committee has already passed
lines forty-four and forty-five, which the gentle-
man from Kentucky proposes to strike out, and
that his amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The lines had been read
by the Clerk when the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. ClarkJ rose to propose an amendment by
way of an addition. No opportunity was given
for amending those lines, and the Chair holds,
therefore, that the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Kentucky is in order.
Mr. PETTIT. Will the Chair allow me to
correct him ? I think the lines were read, that
the committee had passed from their considera-
tion, and that the gentleman from Missouri pro-
posed to offer his amendment as an additional
clause. I submit that it is too late now to go back
and strike out this appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
that, as soon as the Clerk had read these two
lines, tho gentleman from Missouri rose and of-
fered his amendment. Noothergentleman,there-
fore, had an opportunity to make the motion
which the gentleman from Kentucky has now
made. If the Clerk had proceeded to read addi-
tional lines in the bill, the Chair would have held
that it was too late to go back; but he now de-
cides that the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky is in order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I suppose
this committee intend to act upon the same sys-
tem, I therefore propose to move to strike out
these appropriations, and to stop these works
wherever going on, since the committee are de-
termined to stop them at Chaileston and New
Orleans. Now,&ir,the proposition to go on with
the building of a court-house and post office in
Indianapolis has no more merit in it than the
proposition to goon with the building of the cus-
tom-houses at Charleston and New Orleans. In
fact, this work can be better stopped than either
of those which we have already determined to
stop; because this building, as I understand it, is
not in the hands of any contractor, but the woik
is being earned on by the Government, by the
day's woik. Government, as I understand it,
hires the men to work on it from day to dav. I
understand further, sir, that a large amount, in
the shape of an unexpended balance, is still avail-
able, and is all that will be necessary for them to
have during the present year.
There is nothing m the report to show us that
this $40,000 will complete the work. The objec-
tion was made on this side of the House that thcic
was nothing to show what would complete the
custom-house at New Orleans. Now, there is
nothing to show what will complete the court-
house at Indianapolis. The gentleman says it
is for completion? Upon what is it founded?
Where is the report? "Where is the statement of
the architect, or of the superintendent who has
it in charge, that will lead the committee to a con-
clusion that the work is to be completed for $40,000?
All the icport we have upon it is to be found on
page 103 of the Treasuiy report, and that shows
$78,000 m hand of appropriations heretofore made.
Thete is nothing to show that $40,000, or any
larger amount, is required for this building than is
now on hand. And now gentlemen are affected
with this desire of economy, I propose to put a
stop to buildings upon the coast where you are
putting up light-houses, and putting up custom-
houses elsewhere, so that we shall cut clean and
not in one. particular section.
Mr. PETTIT. Air. Chairman, I do not see
here at this moment the Representative from the
Indianapolis district; but 1 beg, in one oi two par-
ticulars, to conect the gentleman fiom Kentucky.
His fnst position, if 1 understand him correctly,
is, that this is not a work for which a contract
has been made. The first paiagiaph, from which
I presume he quotes the report of the engineer m
the office of construction, accompanying the an-
nual repoit of the Secretary of the Tieasury,
shows the contrary—shows that this work was
at first put under contract and then abandoned;
and that due notice having been given to the se-
curities of the contractor, it is now in progress at
the ultimate costof the contractor and his securi-
ties. Surely the Government cannot, at this in-
stant, abandon the work without relinquishing in
justice all claim on the securities of the contractor.
Again: the gentleman from Kentucky implies
that we are now without the information to tell us
how much is necessary to complete the work. I
do not understand the report so. The report says:
The appropriation will be insufficient to complete the
building, and an additional sum has been asked for in tho
proper place."
The |40,000 named in this clause is the sum
necessary for the purpose, and intended to accom-
plish the object.
Not this only. The same report says:
" Such portions as pould be best and most economically
done by contract have been contracted for, and the remain-
der ts being done by days' work."
The proposition, then, to strike out this clause
is not only, in equity, to discharge the securities
of the contractor from liability, but to make the
Government directly liable to the present contract-
ors for any damage they may suffer from an aban-
donment of the work. The report shows that
§45,287 97 had already been expended on the
30th of September. The work is in fast progress
already, and cannotbe arrested without incurring
new and additional expense to the Government.
It is not economy but profligacy of the public
money to stop it now. If there is to be a uni-
form rule, as the gentleman from Kentucky sug-
gests, this is one of the cases to apply it to. For
repeatedly has Congress, during the present ses-
sion, made such appropuations for public works
in all parts of the Union, which are in a state of
progress, likely to suffer by suspending them.
As a new question, I would not be in favor of
pressing it in the piesent embarrassed condition
of the Treasury; but this work is in progress,
and as the rule has been adhered to in many in-
stances, it is well and economical that it should
be observed in all. This building is at the same
time a post office and a court-house, and as it is
the only Government work which promises to
inure to the benefit of the people of the State, I
think I may safely invoke tne committee to stand
by this clause.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GREGG. I move to increase the amount
$10,000.
Mr. Chairman, I move the amendment for the
purpose of giving to the committee some inform-
ation m regard to the progress of this work. It
is now being prosecuted; and the streets, for a
considerable distance, are almost entirely blocked
up with rock, which has been dressed, and is
ready to be placed in the building; and I believe
that this is the only appropriation made in which
my State has an immediate arid diiect interest.
I therefore hope that it will not be stricken out.
I do not desire that the appropriations made for
other public buildings shall be stricken out. I
have, for one, voted for those which have already
come before us.
I think that there is no building more urgently
needed than this one for Indianapolis. It is re-
quired for our post office, and for the holding of
our courts. The district court and the circuit
courts of the United States sit there. Instead of
sitting six or seven days, as the gentleman from
Virginia said,in reference to the courts at Raleigh,
these courts in Indianapolis are in session from
twenty to forty days. At the same time, the su%
i preme court and the Legislature have oftentimes
i been in session; and, sir, all of them have„to be
accommodated m the State-house buildings.
Mr, BRANCH. The gentleman has made al-
lusion to Raleigh, and the iength of time the courts
sit there. Does he think that the size of the
court room must be in proportion to the number
! of days the court sit ?
| Mr. GREGG. Not at all. The United States
! courts there have been wanderers from place to
j place, sometimes in the Senate Chamber, some-
j times in the Representatives Hall, sometimes in
! the supreme court room, sometimes in a com-
l mittee loom, and sometimes in the county court-
; house. If there was nothing else, the business
, of the post office requires the completion of this
j building there. Thq post office has been wander-
\ ing from place to place, so that strangers,whenever
I they come there, have to inquire where it is.
! Mr. LETCHER. What is the most ever paid
i in that State for erecting a court-house? I see
j that $178,720 have been appropriated to build
, this court-house. I think that the amount origin-
| ally appropriated, economically expended, would
j erect a building sufficient to accommodate the
i United States courts, and give every facility for a
i potst office.
