400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17.
of my time without having finished all that I de-
signed to express. It were better, therefore, that
with as few remaining remarks as possible, I
should bring my vindication of this code to a
conclusion. Yet I cannot forbear mentioning one
other subject of deep and abiding interest to the
shipping interest of the whole land. If there were
no other provision in this body of laws, yet, for
the sake of this one, it should become a law, by
the sober, rational judgment of this committee. I
allude to the provision for the improved admeas-
urement^ vessels—a provision which appeals
to ship-owners, to ship-masters, and te all others,
for their approval. At present, our marine models
are suffering and our ships-owners are suffering,
because of the unjust and ruinous method of ship
admeasurement which prevails. I will not enlarge
upon this subject more than to refer gentlemen
again to that part of the speech which refers to it,
which I made in producing this subject before the
committee.
I should, however, say that the provision has
the cordial approbation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and is asked for with earnestness by
merchants throughout all our coasts. Sir, the
nature of the act which we are discussing is the
most interesting and grave which can present itself
to the representative body of any people upon
earth. It appertains to a body of laws which re-
fer to the integral existence of the people intended
to be governed by them. Without them the com-
merce of the country would perish in a day; with-
out them, the prosperity of your country would
be blighted, and this union perish within the pe-
riod of the annual orbitof the earth about the sun.
Commerce, sir, is .that which is the vitality and
constitutes the existence of the nation; commerce
is that in which consists civilization, which in-
vites religion, and administers to science and art.
Without these proposed laws, this element must
perish; without these laws, prosperity must de-
cay, and the nationality of all people must lan-
guish and dissolve. Therefore, with all the sanc-
tion and power with which commerce *may appeal
to the judgment of men, is it that this body of
laws is presented to the consideration of the com-
mittee.
Sir, there is a destiny moving forward upon
this people, and that, too, with a fatal ccienty.
It is the destiny of local dissensions and factious
strife. It is only to the benign, genial, and gen-
eralizing influences of a national commerce, that
we can look to escape the quicksands and shoals
of utter ruin. Past this destiny of (lie future, and
over a peaceful sea,aie we to be piloted by those
who stand,at the helm of our ocean murine, and
thence give rank and position to our country, and
make laws for the world. Sir, what is it the
public mind is now most busy about, if it be not
about our commercial relations with the nations
of this continent reposing at the South; if it be not
about those relations with the nations of the Le-
vant, and in the fur East? Through such chan-
nels flow our staple products, in ceaseless com-
mercial exchange, as ever and beneficently flows i
light through the cucuniambient atmosphere.
Part, then, with this support of national exist-
ence, and you extinguish the only remaining light
of this western hemisphere; you extinguish the
rays of ancestial patriotism,and reduce the Amer-
ican Republic to the isolated position of the far
away Grecian Republic.
^Sir, it is under the guidance of such laws that
your vessels traverse the Atlantic, and plow the
waves of the Gulf; that they seek the fat distant
eastern and western South American coasts; and
djsli ibute and convey everywhere Amei ican com-
merce—the greatness and the glory of the Ameri-
can name.
It is under such auspices that the bill comes be-
fore you to-day. Thus is u that in its relations
it is intimately identified with high patriotism,
with the good of the people, and with the interest :
and prosperity of the country at hirge; and I trust '
that the House, as the Representatives of that
people, and the agents of that prosperity, will
undertake these various provisions and deai fanly
and faithfully with them, accoi ding to the demands
of the trust that is reposed in it.
I do not propose to state the details of this bill
in their enumerated order. I leave that for the
time when the bill is m order to be read section
by section, at which time I propose to do so in
answer to objections which gentlemen may urge
to its various parts. I hope that a fair vote will
be taken upon such ^amendments as may be of-
fered, and that as the committee may determine
favorably so the House will agree, and the com-
mercial interests of the country, now intent upon
our action m breathless attention, will not be per-
mitted to languish longfer in disappointment, but
be encouraged by the gratifying intelligence of
the passage of this act.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor.
Mr. COMINS. If the gentleman will give way,
I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I merely wished
the floor for the purpose of making a few re-
marks, and then making a motion. After that, I
will yield to the motion to adjourn.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order until
the Clerk reads the first section.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I move to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If my colleague now yields
to the motion that the committee rise, will his
motion come up when the consideration of the bill
is resumed ?
The CHAIRMAN." It will.
Mr. JONES^of Pennsylvania. I yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. COMINS. I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee sose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Smith, of Tennessee, re-
ported that the comnnttec of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly a bill (11. R. No. 487) for
the codification of the existing revenue laws of
tl^fi United States, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
RESOLUTION'S OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA.
Mr. GARTRELL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolutions; which were
referred as indicated below, and ordered to be
prin ted:
Resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Georgia, asking for the establishment of a daily
coach mail line from Atlanta, via Roswell, Alpha-
retta, Gumming, to Dahlonega, in said State.
Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Georgia, asking for the establishment of certain
mail routes. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Cilice and Post Roads.
Resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Georgia, asking Congress to refund to said State
the expenses incurred in the Indian wars from
1794 to 179G, the war of 1812, the Indian dis-
turbances of 1817 andJSIS, and the removal of
the Cieek and Cherokee Indians m 1836and 1837,
and praying that the oificers and soldiurs.engaged
in said seveial wars, their widows and orphans,
may have secured to them the benefitof the bounty
land law. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Clerk
of the House, inclosing packages purporting to
be evidence in the Nebraska contested-election
case; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War, inclosing a communication to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs relative to the memorial
of G. H. Goundie, United States consul at Zu-
rich, asking for increased compensation; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be punted.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, containing statement of contracts for 1858;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DEWART. I more that the House ad-
journ.
F. A. GIBBONS AND F. X. KELLY.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw the motion to adjourn
until I can make a statement. Yesterday I report-
ed a bill for the relief of Francis A. Gibbons and
Francis X. Kelly. That bill was, during the last
Congress, reported by the Committee of Claims
to this House and to the Senate. The bill of this
House was referred to the Committee of Claims,
from which I reported'it yesterday. That bill
was taken up in the Senate, passed, and trans-
mitted to this House. It was passed here, and
then, being approved, it becamealawon the 18th
August, 1856; and the money had been paid under
it. My motion is to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to^be printed; with a view to
have it laid upon the table.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to. The
Committee of'the Whole House was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill, and it
was laid upon the table.
ISRAEL JOHNSON.
On motion of Mr. COLFAX, it was
Ordered, That the Court of Claims be requested to return
the papers in the ease of Israel Johnson ; and that, when re-
turned, they be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
SCHOOL LANDS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill granting to the trustees of
schools in township two north of the base line, of
range nine west, to the fourth principal meridian,
in the county of Adams, and State of Illinois, the
right to select other lands in lieu of the sixteenth
section, and for 6ther purposes; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS OF RHODE ISLAND.
Mr. BRAYTON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted resolutions of the Legislature* of Rhode
Island, in relation to half pay to officers of the
Revolution; which were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to renew the mo-
tion I made this morning, which was objected to
by my fiiend fromVirginia, [Mr.garnett,] who,
I am sorry to see, is not now in his seat. It is
merely to introduce and refer a bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I object.
, Mr. Dewart's motion was then agreed to; and
the House accordingly (at fifteen minutes to four
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 17,1859.
Prayer by Rev. E. A. Knigiit.
The Journal of Friday last, was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, m pursuance of law, statements showing
contracts made under the authority of the War
Department during the year 1858; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate reports of the Count of Claims, made in pur-
suance of law, adverse to the claim of James H.
McCulloh, executor of James H. McCulloh,de-
ceased; the claim of the heirs of Dr. James
Thatcher; the claim of Henry W. Morris; the
claim of Almanzon Huston; and the claim of the
heirs of George Yates; which weie referied to the
Committee on Claims.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the credentials of
Hon. Henry Wilsox, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of Massachusetts, for the term of six
years, commencing on the 4th day of March, 1859;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
J. C. P. DeKrafft, praying to be allowed mileage
for a journey from New York to San Francisco,
performed under an orderfrom the Navy Depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Kun-
hardt & Co., and Gelpecke, Keutgen & Reichelt,
agents of steamship lines between New York and
certain ports in Europe, praying a modification
of the laws relating to exportation for the benefit
of drawback; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a
