1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. GREGG. I can only give such inform-
ation as 1 have obtained from the different counties.
I believe that the court-house in the county of my
friend's district, the fourth district, cost some
eighty thousand dollars.
Mr. FOLEY. One hundred and twenty-five
thousand dollars.
Mr. GREGG. At La Fayette, in Tippecanoe
county, they have a court-house, but I do not
know what it cost.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. In the West they
do not build houses as they do in Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; I discover that,
for a very excellent court-house can be built,
either in Virginia or elsewhere, for $150,000.
Mr GREGG. In the county where 1 reside,
a contract has been entered into for a court-house
ut $40,000.
Mr. LETCHER. According to my recollec-
tion, when the appropriation was made to erect
this post office and court-house at Indianapolis,
theie was a provision inserted that it should be
built within the sum appropriated. We have al-
ready appropriated $123,700 for it, and we are
still asked for §40,000 more. Now, it does seem
to me that that is wasting money very extrava-
gantly.
Mr. GREGG. I withdraw my amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Marshall's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I propose now to
offer, as an additional section, an amendment for
the completion of the capitol buildings in the Ter-
ritories of Utah and Nebraska, and for a peniten-
tiary in New Mexico.
Mr. LETCF1ER. I ask whether that amend-
ment is germane to the bill ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Why, this is a
miscellaneous bill, and I suppose that this amend-
ment is germane to it. The amendment is as fol-
lows:
Foi the completion of the capitol in the Territoiy" of Ne-
braska, $30,000.
Foi ilie completion of tt)e capitol in the Territory of New
Mexico, $60,000
For the completion of the penitentiary in said Territory,
$23,000.
Foi the completion of the capitol in the Territoiy of Utah,
§50,000: Provided, That no pare of the sums hereby appro
pruned for said Territories of Nebraska, New Mexico, and
Utah, for public buildings, shall be expended until the con-
tracts foi the completion of such buildings, respectively, for
a sum within the sums hereby appropriated shall be exe-
cuted by responsible persons and approved by the Govern-
ors of the respective Teiruories.
I want to explain to the committee why this
amendment is offered. I propose it in good faith,
and I think it is absolutely necessary for the pub-
lic service of the country that it should be in-
grafted on this bill. I hold in my hand bills for
these purposes, which I was instructed by the
Committee on Territories to report. It is neces-
sary to appropriate money to complete the cap-
ltols for the Legislatures of these Territories; and
the committee will observe that the amendment
contains a proviso, that no part of the appropria-
tions is to be used until contracts are executed
for the performance of the work within the sums
appro pi lated.
Mr. LETCHER. How did the Chair decide
the point of order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
that it was abandoned.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; it was not. I think
'he amendment is clearly out of order, from the
statement of the gentleman himself.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouii. The building of
the capitols and penitentiary is authorized by
law, and the buildings are in course of construc-
tion. •
Mr. LETCHER. T understand that the ex-
planation of the gentleman from Missouri is, that
lie was instructed by the Committee on Territo-
ries to report several bills on these subjects, show-
ing that the committee regarded them as prop-
ositions that were not germane to the regular
appropriation bills. My reason for raising the
question is not for want of proper regard to the
gentleman from Missouri, or those interested m
the matter, but because 1 desire to put an end to
ati abuse, which has grown up within the last ten
or twelve years, of building houses for all these
Territories. Not one was built for Ohio, or Illi-
nois, or Missomi, in the better days of the Gov-
ei nmont.
■Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. When I was first
on the floor, I remarked, that I was charged with
reporting these bills. I did report them; and they
were referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. These bills cannot be
reached; and the fact of their having been re-
ported does not weaken their point on their
being attached to this miscellaneous bill. As to
the fact, that no buildings were erected for Mis-
souri and other Territories, that is a matter about
which I have nothing to do. Congress has au-
thorized these buildings, and money has been
expended on them, as on the custom-houses at
New Orleans and Charleston.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman in-
sist on his point of order?
Mr. LETCHER. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order, on two or three grounds.
One is, that it is not in order to move, as an
amendment to an appropriation bill, separate
bills now pending on the Calendar. The term
" miscellaneous," is a mere conventional title.
The bill is for certain civil expenses; and the
Chair holds that no amendment is in order, not
germane to the subject-matter of the bill
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The amendment
is only a modification of the bills reported.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stands cor-
rected on that point; but the Chair rules the
amendment out of order, because it is not germane
to anything in the bill.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I beg leave to
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. GROW, Will the Chair allow me one
word? I see that this bill provides for custom-
houses, marine hospitals, and other Government
buildings.
Mr. LETCHER. I call the gentleman to or-
der. The question is not debatable.
Mr. GROW. I wish to state the grounds of
the appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will be indulged in stating the grounds
of the appeal.
Mr. GROW. The bill provides for custom-
houses, marine hospitals, and other public build-
ings. Now, the Committee on Commerce has
charge of custom-houses and marine hospitals,
so that the point of the gentleman from Virginia
would apply to these appropriations also. My
point is, that as the bill provides for public build-
ings, an amendment providing for public build-
ings in the Territories is germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds thatany-
thing offered as an amendment to this bill must
be germane to the particular item of the bill to
which it is offered; and there is nothing in this
bill upon which a germane amendment can be in-
grafted in relation to buildings in the Terrntories.
Mr. STANTON. Would it not be germane at j
the end of the bill ?
I The CHAIRMAN. The present occupant of
the chair is of opinion that nothing is in order,
either as an amendment to the present clause, or
at the end of the bill, that is not germane to some
particular item of the bill. That may be a more
rigid ruling than has been heretofore made; but
that is the decision of the present Chairman.
Mr. STANTON. This is the miscellaneous
bill, and it provides for public buildings every-
where, and an amendment to provide for public
buildings in the Territories is surely germane.
Mr. CLARK, of Mtssouti. I call for the read- :
ing of the 81st rule. ;
The Clerk read the rule, as follows: ;
<• 81. No appropriation shall be reported m such general
nppiopi lation IniW, or be in ordei a* an amcndin^nf theieto,
for any expenditure not previou.ilv authorized by law, un- !
le>*s in continuation of appropriations for such public works
and objects a^ are already m procter-s, anil tor contingen-
cies for eariymg on the several depai tnient  of the Govern-
ment.'5
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. These buildings
are authorized by law.
The CHAIRMAN. There is another rule,
which says expressly, that no amendment shall
be in order to a general appropriation bill, that is
not germane to the matter ot' the bill.
The question beinsf on the appeal,
Mr. CLARK, of Missout i, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburn
of Maine, and Cl4rk of Missouri, were ap-
pointed.
• The committee divided; and the tellers reported ,
-ayes 71, noes 59. '
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the committee.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend, by striking out the following clause of the
bill:
"For the completion of the Detroit custom-house,
§30,000." . ,
I call the attention of the committee to the facta
stated in the report in reference to the condition
of the work on this building, and in reference tos
the amounts expended and on hand. The report
says:
" At the close of my last report, the building intended for
a custom-house, court-house, and post office, *it Detroit,
had been taken in hand by the Department, upon the con-
-traetor failing to comply with his contract, and Imp since
been ^rigorously prosecuted by ihe local superintendent,
under the direction of this office. The foundations were
then only commenced ; but since that date the exterior
walls have been earned nearly up to the third story floor;
and before winter =ets in it is hoped the iron roof, which ia
aireadv built, may b « put on, and the building covered in.
The work was for a time delayed by the exhaustion of the
quarry from which the ashler was taken, and pome time
necessaiily elapsed before other suitable stone could be
found.
" Ail the lumber necessary for the interior finish is on
hand, and much of the joiner work is ready to bo put up.
The iron work is well forward; iron beams and girders of
the entrance and second story floor in place, together with
ihe basement and entrance story's columns and antae.
Tins building is of cut stone, and promise? to be an impos-
ing structure. An additional appropriation will be required
to complete it, which has been asked for in the proper
place.
Total amount of appropriation     ..$J53,800 00
Amount withdrawn to September 30, 1858.... 109,857 54
Balance available.....  $43,942 46
Now, I want to know if, with this state of for-
wardness of the work, when the exterior walls
have been run up, the roof ready to be put on, the
lumber for the interior work ready, and the joiner
work done, with over forty-three thousand dol-
lars on hand; I say, with this state of things, I
want to know why they have not already all the
money which is necessary for them to expend?
What do they want $.30,000 for, with a building
so nearly completed, on the top of so targe a bal-
ance remaining unexpended? Mr. Chairman, I
again insist, that if we cannot economize here, if
wc cannot apply the same rule of economy which
we have applied to the larger cities on the sea-
board, by striking out the appropriations for their
custom-houses; I say, if we cannot apply that
economy to a case like this, I would like to hear
some explanation of the necessity there is for
taking this building out of the general rule; and I
should like to have some gentleman show me wh)'
this #30,000 is required at ail, to be expended upon
a work so nearly completed, with an unexpended
balance of over forty-three thousand dollars on
hand. It will be remembered by gentlemen on the
other side of the House, that, for the money they
propose to appropriate in this manner, we have
got to pledge the credit of the Government, and
more sedulous care should be taken, especially
by the other side of the House, about permitting
any scheme of pohcy to be introduced here, re-
quiring an unnecessary amount of money to be
raised. I thought the system determined upon
by those gentlemen, was to cut down the expend-
itures of the Government to the lowest revenue
point, and not, as some of these appropriations
would indicate, to put up these expenditures to a
high revenue point. I think this case is ope that
calls for the knife, one which calls for the operation
of retrenchment. I trust the clause will be stricken
out.
Mr. HOWARD. I have not examined the de-
tails upon which these estimates are made. The
clause of the bill making this appropriation, so
far as L recollect, passed the Committee of Ways
and Means without any particular discussion; but
I will state, in reply to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] that these means are
asked for by the Department to complete the
building. I understand that they expect to com-
plete it with this appropriation, and that they ex-
pect to complete it before the 30th of June, 1860—-
the end of the year for whi«-h this appropriation is
made. As to their having $40,000, or any amount,
on hand ata particular day, that is nothing strange,
nor is it here nor there, so far as this appropria-
tion is concerned. The stone of which the walls
of this building are made are brought from San-
dusky, Ohio. They are procured by contract;
and I suppose that, some day, when they pay
