THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON; D. C..
Thirty-Fifth Coxcrbss, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1850.
New Series....No. !
petition of citizens of Patterson, New Jersey,
praying the passage of a 3aw to prevent all further
traffic in, and monopoly of, the public lands of the
"United States, and that they be laid out m farms
and lots of limited size for the free and exclusive
use of settlers not possessed of other lands; which
■was laid on the table.
Mr. CLARK presented a memorial of citizens
of Manchester, New Hampshire, praying thai the
pay of the officers of the Navy may be increased;
which was referred 10 the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also piesented the petition of Elizabeth Os-
good, daughter and so!e heir of Joseph Fogg, a
quartermaster in the army of the Revolution,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BROWNpiesented the petition of proper-
ty-holders in the District of Columbia, praying an
amendment of the laws relating to landlord and
tenant; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
He also presented the petition of merchants and
other citizens of the District of Columbia, piay-
ing an exten&ion of the jurisdiction of justices of
the peace in the recovery of debts, and the allow-
ance of fees to justices of the peace in cases for
riots, assaults, &c.; which was referred to the
Committee on the Distiict of Columbia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of cit-
izens of New Jersey, praying the passage of a
law to prevent all further traffic in, and monopoly
of, the publx land-i of the United States, and that
they be laid out in firms and lots of limited size
for the free and exclusive use of sef.tleis not pos-
sessed of other lands; which was laid upon the
table.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the memorial of
Emily L. Slaughter, praying for a pension flue her
as the widow of Commander A. G. Slaughter,
United States Navy, from the 9th September,
1853, the date of Jus decease; which was referred
to the Committee oil Pensions.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Mary
"Willard. formerly widow of Aaron Young, a sol-
dier in tiie war of 1812, praying for a pension;
which was re(ei red to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
Thomas 0. and Edward Q. Smith, praying com-
pensation for supplies furnished emigrants on the
route to California; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. RICE piesented the petition of citizens of
"Wabashaw and Olmstead counties, Minnesota,
praying for a mail route from Wabashaw, via
"VVacondeota, "West Albany, and Read's Ford, to
Rochester; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
lie also presented the petition of citizens of
Anoka, Minnesota, praying for a mail route from
Anoka, via Cedar Valleyand St. Francis, to Cam-
bridge, and from Cambridge, via Lexington, to
Princeton; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Elizabeth Speai, widow
of Thomas Williams, prajin;j to f>e allowed a. pension, on
the tile* ot the Senate, bo referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Mary
„ Elizabeth Larnard, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No- 533) tor the relief of
Mary Elizabeth Larnard, widow ot Brevet Major
Charles H. Larnord, late of the United States
Army. The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FITCH, fiom the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the re-
port of the Postmaster General, made in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate directing him
to feport such changes in the laws regulating post-
ages and the Post Office Department as in his
opinion would make that a self-sustaining Dc-
28
partment, reported in favor of printing the usual
number of the manuscript report; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. FITCH, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution to print additional copies
of the report of the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey for 1858, reported the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number, five thousand copies of the report of the Supenu-
tendenfc of the Coast Survey for the year 1858, for distribu-
tion by said superintendent; that the same be printed and
bound, with the charts and sketches, in quaito foim; and
that the printing of said charts and sketches shall be done
to the satisfaction of the Superintendent of the Coast Sur-
vey.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee on Printing.
This resolution provides for printing five thou-
sand copies in addition to the usual number. I
wish to inquire whether any of the usual num-
ber, except one, passes into 'the hands of the
members of the Senate at all?
Mr. FITCH. The usual number, I think, sup-
plies Senators with perhaps not more than two
copies. Heretofore it has been customary for the
Senate to print/i certain number of additional
copies for the use of Senators. The question was
debated at some length at the last session. The
committee, 1 believe, at the last session, reported
in favor of printing twelve hundred copies for the
use of the Senate. They have reported none for
the use of the Senate now, but only a certain num-
ber for the use of the Coast Survey office.
Mr. COLLAMER. All, I understand, are to
be deposited in the Coast Survey office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to look at
the report for a moment.
Mr. STUART. Then I object to the consid-
eration of Jt to-day.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution, received
from the House of Representatives on Friday
last, were read twice by their titles, and refuired
to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill (No. 783) to authorize the registering of
the schooner Enterprise, of Wilson, New York;
and
A joint resolution (No. 39) to authorize the
Secretary of thn Treasury to sell a certain lot of
land in the city of Petersburg, Virginia, belong-
ing to the United States.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the llouse of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Houpc had passed the following bills and joint
resolution, m which the eoneui ieace of the Senate
was requested:
A bill (No. 7?S) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to grunt a register for the schooner
William A Kami]!;
A bill (No. 78'.') to compensate the State of New
Jersey for the use of the courtrooms for the United
States court, in tiie State-House at Trenton, m
said State;
A bill (iNo. 738) for the relief of James G.
Holmes; and
A joint resolution (No. 45)authorizing Town-
send ' Harris, United States consul general, at
Japan, and 31. C. J. Hunskm, his interpreter,
respectively, to accept a snufl-box from her Ma-
jesty the Gluoen of England.
Th« message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 235) for the relief of Martin Lay-
man; and
A bill (No. 476) to authorize the President to
make advances in money to Hiram Powers.
The messagefurther announced that the House
had passed the resolution of the Senate (No. 54)
for changing the plan of the custom-house at Gal-
veston, Texas, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
Also, that the House had disagreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the Hqjise
(No. 336) for the relief of B. W. Palmer and
. others!
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed an enrolled
bill (S. No. 32) to repeal an act entitled " An act
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury, to
change the names of vessels in certain cases,"
approved 5thMarch, 1856.
POST ROUTES IN NEW JERSEY.
Mr. THOMSON, qf New Jersey, submitted
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be directed to inquire into the propriety of establish-
ing a po?t route from Bordentown, by way of Georgetown,
Sykesville, Wn«*htstown, and Pointvdle, to Brown's Mills,
in the county of Burlington and State of New Jersey.
J. B. DE TREVILLE.
Mr. CHESNUT. I submit the following re-
solution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate he directed to
request the Couttof Claims to return to the Senate the peti-
tion and papers of the heirs of Captain J. B. He Treviile.
Mr. IVERSON. I prefer that that resolution
should lie over for the present. It will be remem-
bered that some time ago a similar proposition was
brought in, to bring back papers, and it was ob-
jected to by myself, and 1 gave reasons why I
thought it was irregular. If the Senator will allow
the resolution to lie over, I will look into it, and
see if I can consent to it.
Mr. CHESNUT. I supposed the resolution
would not pass without some reason being as-
signed for it. The reason is, that this case has .
been referred to the Committee of Claims in the
other branch of Congress, and the parties desire
to submit these papers there, where the question
is now under consideration. This is the reason
which induce# the application to be made here.
If the Senator desires that it shall lie over, I have
no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
lie over.
WESTERN BOUNDARY OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. SHIELDS. I present the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its consideration at the present
time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be requested
tu inquire into the expediency of making provision for run-
uui',' and inaikmsth.it partof the wc&tcin boundary ofMm-
iio-om wli'di is not defined by the natural landmarks, and
the distance, bonis supposed to be about one hundred and
thirty miles; and ot icporting in favor of an adequate ap-
propnation fu that purpose.
Mr. STUART. I suggest to the Senator that
a bill of that character was reported at the last
session, from the Committee on Public Lands,
authorizing the running and marking of the west-
ern boundary of Minnesota. It may allude to the
same subject.
Mr. SHIELDS. Is that bill now before the
Seiutle?
: Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
j JMr. SHIELDS. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator if the bill provides an appropriation for this
j object'
| i\Ir, STUART. I am not able to answer that
I question now, not having the bill before me.^ I
j suppose the bill provides for running and marking
j the boundary; and I suggest to the Senator, if he
1 desires an appropriation in it, he can move to
! amend it when it comcs up.
! Mr. SHIELDS. I will then move the reference
| of the subject to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to. .
REMODELING THE SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. HALE. I have a resolution to present. I
do not ask for its consideration now; but I shall
call it up soon:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be instiucted to inquire into the practicability and
propriety of reconstructing and remodeling the interior of
the northern portion ot the Capitol extension in such man-
ner that the Senate Chamber mav extend to the wall of the
buihiins on the end and ono or both bides, so as to have the
advantage of windows and fresh an.
PALM OIL TRADE.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
