40 %
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januaryx 17,
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretly of the Treasury communi-
cate to the Senate, as fully as it may be in his power to do,
the number of American vessels which are engaged directly
in the palm oil trade on the const of Africa, the average
number of their voyages annually, their tonnage-, the nature
and values of their exports and imports, and the amount of
duties derived from them by the Treasury of the United
States,
PRINTING OF A BILf..
Onmotion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That tile bill (S. No. 497) making appropria-
tions to facilitate the acquisition of the' Island of Cuba by
negotiation, be printed for the use of the Senate.
JAMES MACCABOY.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the bill for
the relief of James Maccaboy, which I do not find
on the Calendar, but it has passed once or twice
and has received the sanction of two committees.
It is a small affair. He is a very poor man, and
this bill ought to be acted on. I hope there will
be no objection to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent at this time to take up that bill.
Mr. WADE. I suppose so.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 283) for the relief of
James Maccaboy. It appropriates $500 for losses
and injuries sustained by him while engaged in
the performance of his duty in the public service.
The bill was read the third time, and passed on
the 21st of May last, and a motion by Mr. Hen-
derson to reconsider the vote on passing the bill
was entered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on reconsidering the vote by which the bill was
passed.
The motion to reconsider was rejected.
GALVESTON CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. WARD. I desire to make a motion that
the Senate take up the joint resolution (S. No. 54)
for changing the plan of the custom-house at Gal-
veston, m the State of Texas, which has passed
the other House with an amendment. My object
is to have it referred to the appropriate committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment of the House is to add, at the
end of the resolution, the following words:
i{ Jlnd provided Jwthcr, TUat the consent, in writing, of
the contractors and then sureties for the said custom-house
to such alteration shall he first had, and delivered to the
Secietury of the Treasury."
Mr. WARD. 1 move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. STUART. I would inquire does the Sen-
ator object to the amendment?
Mr. \VARD. I do not.
Mr. STUART. Then the Senator had better
let the amendment be concurred in and the bill
passed.
Mr. WARD. I approve of the amendment, but
my colleague does not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to it for va-
rious reasons, and am prepared to state them if
the gentleman wishes it.
Mr. STUART. Let it be referred then.
The joint resolution and amendment were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr. STUART. I desire to call up for consid-
eration a bill reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, (S. No.449,)authorizing the trans-
fer to State authorities of the books, papers,&c.,
of discontinued land districts, under certain cir-
cumstances. It is very necessary that a general
of this character should be passed, in order to
enable the executive department to carry out tiie
provisions of existing laws, which compel them to
discontinue certain land offices when the public
land in the district falls below a certain number
of acres.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to make it the duty of the Secretary
of the Interior, in all cases where the public lands
shall have been entirely sold and disposed of m
any land State, to cause the remaining land office
or offices in that State to be discontinued, and all
the books, papers, &c., pertaining to the public
lands in that State not required to be transmitted to
the seat of Government, to be delivered over to the
Secretary of State, or such other officer as may be
authorized.to receive them, reserving to the United
States the right of access to, and copy of, such
books and papers, free of cost, whenever the same
may be deemed necessary for the public use.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LAND ENTRIES IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. BENJAMIN. A bill which passed at the
last session of the Senate has been returned from
the House with an amendment. It is merely a
correction of a clerical error. I move that the bill
be now taken up, in order that the amendment
may be concurred in. It is the bill (S. No. 327)
to affirm certain entries of land in tile State of
Louisiana. It is a private land claim. There was
a clerical error in the bill, which the House has
corrected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
to the Senator that he docs not find the bill on the
table, but will cause search to be made for it.
' COMMODORE STEWART.
Mr. HALE. There was a joint resolution re-
ported the other day with reference to Commo-
dore Stewart. As he will not live many yeai-s, if
we mean to pass it we ought to pass it at once. I
move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 69) conferring the rank of senior
flag officer on the active-service list of the United
States Navy on Captain Charles Stewart, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It authorizes the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to confer on Captain Charles Stewart, of the
United States Navy, in recognition of his distin-
guished and meritorious service, the commission
of senior flag-officer of the United States Navy
on the active-service list.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from New Hampshire what is the pur-
pose of this resolution? 1 understand that Com-
modore Stewart is now the senior officer of the
Navy.
Mr. HALE. Not on the active list, but on the
retired list.
Mr. PUGH. Is the object of the resolution
simply to put him on the active list?
Mr. HALE. Yes.
Mr. PUGII. Then I shall not object to it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, and ordered to bo en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time. '
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to make a
single inquiry of the honorable Senator who re-
ported the resolution. Docs this affect Commo-
dore Stewart's pay or his rank ?
Mr. HALE. It simply transfers him from the
retired list to the active list, and does not alter
his pay at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Docs it at all affect the
rank or pay of other officers who stand as cap-
tains in 'the Navy ?
Mr. HALE. I am not entirely certain as to
that. I wish it would have that effect; but I am
not certain it will. It will make him senior flag-
officer, and may give lum the pay of the senior
officer, which position is now occupied by one of
the retiring board, svho ousted him from it. I
think it will have that effect, and I hope it will,
bat I do not know.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But will it have the other
effect of putting him into another office, and then
allowing the officer whom he ousts to take another
place and other positions?
Mr. HiVLE. The only difficulty is that since
■Commodore Stewart was ousted, by lus juniors,
from his place, the names of our post captains
have been altered. They had been champing with
impatience on account of the name of their grade,
and wanted to he admirals; but Congress, at the
last session, compromised with them, and told
them they might be ilag-officers, m virtue of which
the Secretary of the Navy has authorized them
to have an admiral's flag. I believe some of them
have gone to the engravers, and have had "ad-
miral" engraved on their cards, which they dis-
tribute in foreign ports, not here at home. This
is the way the thing stands. This resolution does
not confer any additional rank, but simply restores
Commodore Stewart to the active list.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask for the reading of the
resolution.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand this propo-
sition, it is one not only to create a new office,
but to legislate a man into it. Now, sir, without
meaning to disparage Commodore Stewart's ser-
vices at all—I admit that they are all that they
have been described to be~I am unwilling in this
way to create a new office in the Navy; and not
only to do that, but to legislate a particular indi-
vidual into it. That is the effect of the joint reso-
lution, if I understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and
taken, resulted—yeas 37, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bates, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Broderi-
ick, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doo-
little, Douglas, Durkee, Foot, Foster. Green, Gwm, Hale,
Hamlin, Hammond, I-Iarlan, Houston, Iverson, Jones, Ken-
nedy, Polk, Pugh, Seward, Simmons, Shdell, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs.
Ward. Wiight, and Yulee—37.
NAY8—Messis. Allen, Bright, Chcsnut, Clay, Cling-
man, Fit7.p;Hrick, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson
of Tenne.->see, King, Reid, Rice, Trumbull, and VVUide—14.
So the joint resolution was passed.
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
Mr. IVERSON. It is not likely that any busi-
ness of consequence will be taken up. to-day, it
being understood that some other proceedings of
a solemn character are to take place; but, as we
have some time yet, I move to take up the reso-
lution that was laid on the table a few days ago
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,]
appointing Friday and Saturday of each week for
the consideration of private bills during the res-
idue of the session. If it is objectionable, I shall
be willing to let one day be stricken out, and ask
that only one day be appropriated to this object.
I ask that the resolution be taken up, so that we
may see whether the Senate are willing to devote
one day a week to private bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzfat-
ricic in the chair.) It is the imperative duty of
the Chair to call up the special order at this hour,
unless the Senate otherwise direct.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to postpone the spe-
cial order for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I now move to take up the
resolution of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution,which
was submitted by Mr. Bigler on the 10th in-
stant:
Resolved, That for the residue of the present session, Fri-
day and Satuulay ofe:ieh week,alter tlie expiration of one
liuui lioin the lum1 ol'tlic meeting of the Senate, thall be set
apart fur the oonsideiation of private bills, in the order in
winch they stand upon the Calendar.
Mr. STUART. I understand that this reso-
lution sets apart two days in each week for private
bills. I think it had better be confined to one. I
move to strike out the words " and Saturday."
Mr. HUNTER. 'Certainly, one day a week is
as much as we can spare for private bills.
Mr. BIGLER. I intended to modify the res-
olution.
The amendment to strike out "and Saturday"
was agreed to; and the resolution, as amended,
was adopted.
GOVERNMENTAL EXPENDITURES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senate will take up a resolution which was left as
the uufl mshcrt business some days ago, in refer-
ence to retrenchment and reform m the expenses
of the Government. It will meet with no oppo-
sition, I think, and will not consume time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion, which was submitted by Mr. Johnson, of
Tennessee, on the 4th of January:
Resolved, That so much of the President's second annual
message as i elates to a reduction of the expenditures of the
Government of the United States, which is m the following
words, to wit: " I invite Congress to institute a rigid scru-
tiny to ascertain whether the expenses in all the Depart-
ments cannot be still fuither reduced; and/ promise them
all the aid m my power in pursuing the investigation^' be
referred to the Committee on Finance, and that said com-
mittee aie hereby instructed, after first conferring with, and
obtaining all"aid" and information from the President and
