1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
gentleman that under the rules of the House it is
not in order to moye to amend a bill by incorpo-
rating in it another bill upon the Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I stated that
the amendmentof my colleague was substantially
embraced in the bill reported by the Committee
on Commerce; but that has nothing to do with
this amendment. I merely stated the fact for the
purpose of showing the action taken by the Com-
mittee on Commerce on the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment is not
precisely the bill pending upon the Calendar,
although it may be the same in substance, the
Chair will hold that that point of order does not
apply. As to the other point, raised by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, it having been decided by
the occupant of the chair a few moments since,
[Mr. Hopkins,] the present occupant of the chair
will make no ruling m reference to it.
Mr. BURNETT. I understood the gentleman
from Illinois to state distinctly that the Commit-
tee on Commerce had unanimously authorized
him to report a bill containing the exact pro-
visions of tiiis amendment, based upon a letter
which he sent to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man, then, certainly misunderstood me. That
bill is now upon the Calendar in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. It is not
the same in language with the amendmentof my
colleague, although the appropriation is thesaia?
in amount, and for the same object.
The CHAIRMAN. The language of the rule
is:
"55. No motion or proposition on a subject difterentfrom
that under consideration shall be admitted under color of
amendment. No bill or resolution shall, at any time, be
amended by annexing thereto, or incorporating therewith,
any other bill or resolution pending before the House."
Mr. BURNETT. Well, sir, although the
amendment may not be in the exact language of th$
bill, it is substantially the same; it contains, as I
understand it, exactly the same propositions as
the bill now on the Calendar of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hold that
the amendment, although the same in substance,
if not the same in language, is still in order, so
far as this 55th rule is concerned. I find the fol-
lowing note appended to the rules:
" The latter clause of this rule was adopte d at the fifft
session of the Twenty-Fifth Congress ; and, as originally
reported by the committee, the following words were con-
tained at the end of it: ( Nor by any proposition containing
the substance, m whole or in part, of any other hill or res-
olution pending before the House.' These wouls were
stricken out by the House before it would agree to the rule ;
by which it would seem to be decided that a bill or resolu-
tion might be amended by incorporating therein the sub-
stance of any other bill or resolution before the House.
Such hds been the general practice of the House."
The Chair decides the amendment to be in
order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The light-house at
Chicago stands at the end of what is known as
the north pier. As stated by the letter of Colonel
Graham, which has been read by the Clerk, that
pier is in great danger of being entirely demol-
ished and destroyed. He says in his report made
to the Secretary of War, and by the Secretary of
War transmitted to Congress, that he does not
believe it will stand another season. By this let-
ter it appears that, if that pier is destroyed, the
light-house will necessarily fall. This estimate
is for sustaining and repairing the pier for the
purpose of preserving and maintaining the light-
house. The wotk is absolutely necessary. I
am in favor of economy as much as anybody upon
this floor. I believe we should adopt the same
rule that any prudent man would adopt in the ad-
ministration of his own affairs. When in debt
we should cease building costly and extravagant
works; but, sir, it is not the part of economy to
allow these works already built to go to decay
and destruction. The commerce of the lakes, we
all know, is very great. In the harbor of Chicago
alone, during more than six months of the year,
there is an average arrival and departure of more
than twenty-five loaded vessels a day, with a ton-
nage, during the season of navigation, of near a
million and a half tons, and employing a force
of some sixty thousand men. Now, it is abso-
lutely necessary for the protection of this com-
merce, that the light-house should be continued
at this point. If it is allowed to go to destruc-
tion, that commerce would be crippled and endan-
gered.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to get some
information from the gentleman from Illinois
about this matter. Why is it that some recom-
mendation from the Department is not brought
here for this appropriation ? ✓
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man will find the whole thing set forth in the letter
of Colonel Graham, which accompanies the report
of the Secretary of War.
Mr. LETCHER. "J'ke gentleman knows very
well that is not the recommendation which we
want. When he had Colonel Graham's letter,
why is it that they did not go with it and get a
Recommendation from the Department for the ap-
propriation, predicated upon that letter? When
we have heard so much about the extravagance
of legislation, why did not gentlemen, if they
were satisfied that the appropriation was neces-
sary, go to the Department and get a distinct rec-
ommendation, so that we should have the author-
ity before us, on which to justify our action in
making this appropriation?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ Let me state right
here, that, at the last session, Colonel Graham
recommended an appropriation twice a$ large as
that contained in this amendment. I have asked
for only half the amount which Colonel Graham
recommended.
Mr. LETCHER. Still another point against
the amendment. When they get this appropria-
tion, I suppose they will come here at the next
session for the balance. Now, I ask the gentle-
man again, why he did not take the letter to the
Department and get their recommendation?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
that such a course was necessary. This letter
was addressed to my colleague, [Mr. Wash-
burne,] as a member of the Committee on Com-
merce in this House. I also received acommuni-
cation from him, but recently, upon this subject;
and we have all the information which is neces-
sary. The gentleman from Virginia will find it all
—descriptions, estimates, and recommendations
—among the papers accompanying the report of
the Secretary of War, of both last session and
this, which show the utmost necessity for this
appropriation in order to save the work.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems that the appro-
priation contained in this amendment is only half
the amount that is required, if \ye appropriate
anything. Now, when we are to make an ap-
propriation for a work of this kind, I want the
estimates to come regularly before us, so that we
may know what we are doing. The fact is, as
every gentlenian here knows, that this is intended
purely as an improvement to the harbor of Chi-
cago, and that a light-house is meiely stuck in
to make the amendment for the benefit of the
harbor in order.
The question being upon Mr. Fa&xsworth's
amendment,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Marshall
of Illinois, and Washburne of Illinois, were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 83, noes 40.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. HATCH. I move to insert:
For completing the work in progress, of deepening the
channcl over the St. Clair flats, $55,000.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that amendment in or-
der ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. HATCH. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair. The preceding amendment
is for a local harbor improvement. It is unneces-
sary for me to state the importance of improving
the channel over the St. Clair flats. That channel
connects our inland seas. It affects not only Chi-
cago haibor, but Buffalo harbor, and every other
harbor upon the lake.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina. Is the gen-
tleman in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's remarks
might be*applicable to the amendment, but they
are not to the point of order.
Mr. HATCH. I want the 81st rule read.
The 81st rule was read, as follows:
£< No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
priation bills, or be in ordei as an amendment thereto, for
any expenditure not previously authorised by law* unless is
continuation of appropriations far such public works and
objects b.h are already in progress, and for the cojumsenciep
lor carrying on the several departments ©f the Govern-
ment."
Mr. HATCH. This work i$ tmckr existing
law. There is an unexpended apprdark^io^ of
$50,0Q0 there. } hojd in my Cfem
the officer in charge, s,howi g the necessity oft to
appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. Th.e Ckrjt wflj rssdlk#
55th rule:
The Cleric refid as follows:
" No niotion or proposition on a different fnmt
that under consideration shall be admitted under color of
amendment. No bill or resolution shall; at any tiiiie, be
amended by annexing thereto, or incovpoiating therewith,
any other bill or resolution pending before the House."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides th#
amendment out of order. Prom that decision the
gentleman takes an appeal. Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the comijou-
tee ?
Mr. HATCH derqanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; 9«d E#egsrg. gftjAN and
Stanton were appointed.
The committee divided} and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 68, noes 58.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. HATCH. I want to say that I intend to
get up the Senate bill for the same purpose.
Mr. GOODWIN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
To preserve and repair the pier on which the Ilght-Iw>mp
stands at Oswego, New York, so as to prevent the destruc-
tion of said light bouse, $'30,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. There is no disguising the feet
that all these amendments are for harbor im-
provements.
The CHAIRMAN. The fchair rules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. GOODWIN. It is precisely the same
amendment as the Chair ruled to be in order a
short time ago. It is necessary for the security
and safety of the light-house at Oswego; and I
have the report of the proper officer to show that
that is so. It is for the purpose of preserving the
foundations ofthe light-house. I most respectfully
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say-that
when we go beyond the repairs for the light-house
itself, it is impossible to fix any limit to these
propositions. How far the repairs of a pier affect
a light-house it is impossible to say; hut the Chair
believes the proper rule to be to restrict appropria*
tions to the light-houses themselves.
Mr. GOODWIN. I appeal on the ground that
the amendment which I offer is substantially the
same as the Chair ruled to be in order a short
time ago.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must know
that different Chairmen have different opinions.
The Chairman who decided the other amendment
in order, may have been right; but the Chair be^
lieves this amendment is out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The other
decision having been acquiesced in by the com^
mittee, I believe it to be the law of the commit-
tee.
The CHAIRMAN. It would be almost impos-
sible, if such an amendment were admitted, to keep
out other amendments for harbor and other- im-
provements.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think this
isavery proper amendment, and that it Is in order
to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee must- de-
cide the question. Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. X call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Megsrs. Dean and
Stevenson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 68, noes 63.
So the decision of the. Chair was sustained.
Mr. BLISS- I desire to offer an amendment
to this bill; but after the decision of th« Chair and
the committee, I feel somewhat discouraged. The
amendment is as follows:
For repairs of so much of the east pier ofthe harbor of
Biack river, upon Lake Erie, Ohio, as shall be deemed ne-
cessary to protect the light-house and iight-hou.se pier oi-
rea^y brnlt, $5}G00.
air. PHELPS, of Missouri, I rise, to a quesr
