1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
head® of the Departments, as indicated in the President's
message, to report a bill reforming, as far as possible, the ex-
pendituies and alt abuses, if any, in the application of the
appropriations made by Congress for the support of the va-
rious Departments, and which will reduce the expendituies
to an honest, rigid, economical administration of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HUNTER. When the resolution was be-
fore under consideration, I moved to amend it by-
striking out the Committee on Finance," and
inserting "a select committee."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I thought the
Senator had agreed to withdraw that amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I was willing to withdraw it
if the resolution was modified so as to give more
time than this session for the investigation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. There was an
amendment offered by the Senator from Michi-
rn, [Mr. Stuart,] embodying that proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. If that is done, I shall not
object.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the Senator
from Virginia will withdraw his amendment, the
Senator from Michigan can offer his, and I will
accept it.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw mine.
Mr. GWIN. I renew the amenclmentfor a se-
lect committee. I am opposed to its going to the
Finance Committee, and I ask the yeas and nays
on the question.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Tennessee
accepts the amendment which I offered, which
makes it a part of the original resolution. Then,
the Senator from California moves to strike out
" the Committee on Finance," and insert a " se-
lect committee."
Mr. GWIN. The amendment of the Senator
from Virginia was to strike out the Finance Com-
mittee and refer it to a select committee, composed
of seven members.
Mr. STUART; That was withdrawn.
Mr. GWIN. That'amendment I renew.
Mr. STUART. But my proposition has been
accepted.
Mr. GWIN. If the amendment I proposed be
voted down*, that can be put on.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Tennessee
having accepted my proposition, it is now part of
the resolution.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will withdraw
that until we vote on the proposition whether this
investigation shall be referred to the Finance Com-
mittee or to a select committee. If it is referred
to the Finance Committee, that provision can be
added; but that amendment destroys the effect of
my proposition. Let what the Senatorfrom Mich-
igan has proposed be read.
The Secretary read Mr. Stuart's amendment;
which is, to add to the resolution the following
proviso:
Provided, That in case said committee shall not be able
fully to comply with thif rexduifon duuns the presrnt ses -
sjon of Congress, the duty shall he extended to the next and
subsequent "sessions, for the purpose of moie mature and
complete aeuon.
Mr. GWIN. That proposition contemplates
that the committee having charge of this investi-
gation shall be made perpetual. EStch session of
Congress establishes its own standing commit-
tees, and select committees are always created by
resolution at each Congress. I hope the Senator
will withdraw that amendment, until we decide
whether the reference shall be to the Committee
on Finance or to a select committee.
Mr. STUART. I do not desire to withdraw it
at all. I think it is the best shape for the reso-
lution. The mover of the resolution has accepted
it; it is now a pat t of his resolution; and the ques-
tion is presented to the Senate on the motion of
the senator from California, whether it will raise
and perpetuate a select committee to do what the
Committee on Finance can do.
Mr GWIN.' That is the very thing I do not
ask to do. I move the amendment; and then, if
we adopt the select committee, I shall move to
strike out that latter part of the resolution. I ask
for the yeas and nays on the question whether it
shall be the finance Committee or a select com- ;
mutee. !
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not see !
that the modification.of my resolution at all af- ;
focts the right of the Senator fiom California to >
move his amendment. As the resolution now \
stands, it proposes to make it the duty of the ■
Committee on Finance to make this inquiry and
report to the innate. I understand thai simply a ,
motion to strike out the Committee on Finance
and appoint a select committee would attain the
Senators's end.
Mr. GWIN. I make that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senate will not agree to it. The Finance Com-
mittee is the committee that has the moral influ-
ence to carry its measures; it has the power and
can present measures to the Senate that will re-
ceive its consideration, and no doubt its sanction;
and I hope the Senate will not strike out "the
Finance Committee " and insert " a select com-
mittee." It is not worth while to repeat the argu-
ments urged the other day on this point. They
were cogent; they were clear and conclusive that
the Committee on Finance was the proper com-
•mittee to make this investigation, and report to
the Senate. I hope the investigation will not be
committed to a select committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from California make his motion?
Mr. GWIN. 1 move to strike outt{ the Com-
mittee on Finance" and insert " a selcct commit-
tee, to consist of seven members."
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope that amendment will
prevail. I think Senators are mistaken as to the
moral power of the Committee on Finance on the
subject of retrenchment. It is the money power
they exercise, not a moral power, that gets their
bills through here. They dispense the whole pat-
ronage of this Government. I prefer a select com-
mittee for various reasons. We endeavored to
make retrenchments at the last session on the sub-
ject of collecting the revenue. We cut down the
appropriations from $6,000,000 to $4,500,000 for
eighteen months'service, and it was carried in this
body by four to one, almost everybody being for
it; but when it went to the House of Representa-
tives and was modified and made §5,400,000, it
was engineered through the Senate. There was
but a single Senator on the Administration benches
who voted against it, and that was the Senator
from Tennessee, who has introduced this resolu-
tion. He is the man of all others of this body
who will look after these retrenchments, and he
is not on the Finance Committee.
Now, I have no idea of passing the resolution
and giving eighteen months to the Committee on
Finance to examine the question, and then end in
cutting off fifty cents a day from the pay of some
clerk in a Department. If we want to retrench
we must attack the lions, the largo items. That
is where the money goes. As to clei ks, I am for
paying them liberally; but if our money is wasted
at all, it is squandered in contracts. We want a
special, committee for that. The Committee on
Finance has as much as it can do to dispense the
money which is now about ali used for patronage.
They watch that; I wish they would watch a lit-
tle more vigilantly than they do; but there is no
member of the Senate, that 1 know of, who has
had this subject for so long a time under consid-
eration as the Senator from Tennessee who has
offered the resolution. I think he says he has
been considering it fourteen years,and he has de-
voted his time and his energy to it; and he ought
to have aid, because we must see that his indi-
vidual efforts have produced nothing in fourteen
years. We have been going on, spending more
and more money every year, and noshing cp.n be
done in the way of reform without vigorous and
efficient exertion.
The Committee on Finance say they supervise
the appropriation bills. Why, sir, look into thu
proposition that the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] has made to bring the mail service up.
He has been on this Committee on Finance for,
I think, twelve years. About fourteen years a^o
we revised the Post Office establishment. We
provided in that law, as clear as language could
make it, that, in ail future lottmgs of contracts
for carrying the mail, they should be let to the
lowest bidder m every instance without refereiice
to the mode of transportation, and looking only
to good secuiity. That law was not to take ef-
fect until July; but a new Administration came
in on the 4th of March, and, although the bids
were made, Mr. Cave Johnson, then Postmaster
General, put out a circular that all the iettmgs for
contracts should be bid for under this new law,
and that no consideration would be given to dif-
ferent modes of service. For the eastern section,
the seven States comprising New* England and
New York, the Iettmgs weie made that year un-
der the new law for four years; that is, the con-
tracts were ^iven to the lowest bidders for carry-
ing the mail without reference to the mode of
transportation, whether on horseback or in coach-
es, and the contracts in that section of country
were let for four years under that law.
Next year he came to the southwestern section
where Mr. Postmaster General Johnson lived;
and, without any alteration in the law, he issued
another circuW saying that he would make a dif-
ference between scrvice on horseback and in post
coaches, and between two-horse and four-horse
coaches; and he let all""the mail contracts which
came around again during his term, in the same
way, changing the law and entirely doing away
with everything he had done in order to get the
contracts cheap in New England. As to the con-
tracts let in New England and New York in 1845,
I have been at the trouble of going to the De-
partment,and seeing how much was saved. I took
the amount bid for the service then, and com-
pared it with the previous contracts, and found
that there was a saving of from forty to sixty per
cent.; and when he left the Department, the next
contracts went up thirty or forty per cent. You
see the difference when they complied with tho
law and when they did not, as plain as you can
sec that our expenses have accumulated. That
has been practiced ever since, with a law so plain
that a man who runs may read and understand it;
and yet the Postmaster General is paying millions
upon millions annually for carrying the mails in
a way that the law does not justify, and cannot
be made to justify. He knew it did not justify
it, because he let it for one quarter of this coun-
try in the way I have stated. I went to him and
told him the law had not taken effect, and that he
should not put it upon our section until the law
took effect. He said there was poison in that law,
and those of us who voted for cheap postage
should take our own medicine. It was principally
votes from the free States that reduced the post-
age, and he put this part of the law upon us be-
fore it legally took effect. We all agreed that
after the law took effect, the contracts were to be
let in that way. Everybody knew that; but with
all the vigilance of the Finance Committee, they
have made appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the Post Office Department to the extent of
two, three, and four millions a year. I never
heard anythingabout this feature of the law from
that time Mn til now, when the Piesident asks us to
alter the law, and make the officers conform to an
economical system. I expect we shall have to
] alter the law or pass a declaratory act. That lav/
reads exactly as he wants the law to read to make
an economical administration of the service. All
that need be done is to pass a resolution that the
Post Office law passed in 1845, contains a provi-
sion which is exactly the one that the Postmaster
General is asking us to legislate into being, and
j the President is asking us to legislate into exist-
! encc. That is precisely the law now, and has been
■ for fourteen years, but it has never been discov-
! ercd.
; I do not think the Committee on Finance are
! half as vigilant in looking out to prevent great
i contracts and the squandering of money as they
profess to be m the Senate. The Po^t Office De-
portment. certainly costs a million a year more—I
; nave no doubt it costs two or three millions more—
' than it would if the contracts were let according
1 to law. Jobs arc given out just as money was ap-
' propriated to custom-house officers last year; it
i was managed through; and if it goes to "the
| party," it is about all that can be done for the
! party—give them money. These appropriations
| do nothing for the country. If we obtained any-
i thing for the money, I snould suppose we were
! doing something to improve the country; but we
: do not get anything for it. It goes out for con-
■ tracts and jobs here and there; and the expendi-
I tures oftheGovernmenthavegotup to $75,000,000
| a year, and there ought to be somebody to look
[ into these things.
j Now, it is proposed to add $3,000,000 a year
• to the letter postage in order to get the Post Office
I Department out of the brambles where they have
[ put it withoutlaw. Three million dollars, I see by
| the Postmaster General's recent report, is to be
! put upon letter postage in addition to its present
j burdens. The letter postage now pays more than
; $100 for one that printed matter pays. The avcy-
I ageis$I 60 a pound for every pound of letters wq
