404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
carry, but we do not get half a cent a pound on
printed matter; and yet this is the plan that is to
be resorted to. You carry papers everywhere
within thirty miles of the place of publication for
nothingyana I believe get half a dollar a year for
carrying three hundVed newspapers anywhere
over the country within five hundred miles. It is
merely nominal. We carry all the printed mat-
ter, that costs Congress #2,000,00fcto publish,for
nothing. Who is to be made to bccff this burden ?
"Who ave the pack horses to carry it? Those whose
business requires them to write letters, and they
row pay tenfold what it costs to carry their let-
ters. This is to be done because it is said cach
service should pay for itself 1 Let anybody ex-
amine and see if the letter correspondence does
not more than pay for itself. It pays tenfold what
it costs, and there is not a man within the hear-
ing of my voice who does not know it*, and yet
the proposition now introduced into the Senate,
in order to economize, is to tax it from forty to
sixty per cent, more than it now is !
This is not the time to go into that point, and I
merely call the attention of the Senator from Ten-
nessee to these enormous outlays for jobs. I hope
that this resolution will be referred to a select
committee, and let them investigate these things.
It will save us a vast deal of legislation. Weshali
find out where the money goes. Let them report
it, and the waste will be stopped by meiely a re-
port without any legislation whatever.
Mi. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Rhode Island seems to think that the Com-
mittee on Finance have been responsible in past
time for not introducing proper legislation in re-
gard to Post Olrice matters. Now, I apprehend
that all legislation in regard to the Departments
should come from the appiopriatc committees.
That is a matter for the Committee on the Post
Office Department, and any interference in the way
of legislation on the part of the Finance Commit-
tee has generally been considered as a usuipaMon
and as intrusive; ond on that account they have
not, of late yetira especially, introduced legislative
measures upon the appropriation bills. Indeed,
the only thing that would justify them in doing so
■would be the fact that there was an evil ciying so
loudly for lelief that these way no doubt that the
measure winch they might suggest would be Mich
as would command" the assent of both [louses of
Congress. It is manifest that all such legislation
as the Senator from Rhode Island lefers to", should
come, not from the Finance Committee, but fiom
the committees which aie connected with the va-
rious Departments. That is all I wUh to say.
So far as this particular duty is eoneerned, it
does seem to me that it would In: betu'r to send it
to a select committee, although 1 said 1 should
withdraw all opposition if you would give time
enough to the Commit tee on I'niau-'e to do some-
thing towards the task which is proposed to he
imposed on them, it is not my pin pose to say
anything on tjnat matter. I ihmk iheieis a good
deal m what the Senator fiom Rhode Island says
in regaid to the special fitness uf a auoet com-
mitire ,
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from Virginia
seems to apprehend that I thought the Committee
on Finance ou ht to have recommended legisla-
tion. I said no such thimr. 1 say, that when the
Committee <m Finance i ccoimmmd appt opri.itions
of millions of dollars to pay for mail service, I
think it is tneir duty to see whether the law jus-
tifies the outlay; and if they find that the Pos-t
Office contract, the mail lettmgs, ai e let eontiary
to lav, , it io theo daty not to make an appropria-
tion, but to correct the evil. This has been growing
for twelw. years, and we have been voting millions
on milium^ under it without the slightest author-
ity in law fi-r making those contracts at this mo-
ment. That is what I said.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to that, I would
suggest to 'he .Senator from Rhode Island that u
is impossible the Finance Committee could do
that. The estimates are not made for this or that
particular contract, but for the service geneially.
How can they discriminate? How can they as-
certain* After a contract is made, are they to
retu.se to pay* On the contrary, the legislation
to put a stop to that should come from some other
committee. It is impossible that we could refuse
to pay a man that had executed the service,
whether this law was in existence and binding
on the Department or not, is as obvious to other
members of the Senate- as to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SIMMONS. I only wish to say a word;
I do not mean to protract this debate. If the
Senator agrees with mc in the proposition that is
now made to refer this question to a select com-
mittee, let us not injure the object we both have
in view by debating an outside question. But
what I understand by these mail contracts is, that
they are advertised in the public papers, and when
a contract is advertised for carrying the mails in
a different way from what the law justifies, I sup-
pose the Committee on Finance should be apprised
of it; but I do not say anything about it, as 1 never
was on that committee. I should suppose, how-
ever, that they would know when there was a
large increased expenditure, so that an appropri-
ation was called for; and I should think it would
be natural for them to look at the law and see if
the law had been complied with in advertisingfor
contracts. The Postmaster General, after having
let the eastern section, when he came to his own
section, without leave or licence from any law,
departing from his own construction of the law,
advertised that he would make a difference be-
tween post-coaches, and give old bidders who had
contracts preference in all such things; thus driv-
ing offall competition, when the law was intended
to let eveiybody compete for the routes. I say
that the contracts m New Yoi k and New England,
made under the old law, wore as much as sixty
per cent, higher than the ones made under this
new law by "Cave Johnson himself, the same Post-
master General, but he afterwards piacticallv al-
tered the law, and then they went back to the old
sum.
Mr. YULEE. Did I understand the Senator
to say that the Postmaster General had advertised
that he would give preference to the old contract-
ors hi awuulmj; contracts upon bids?
Mr. SIMMONS. I can have the exact lan-
guage read to the Senate—not that he would give
more money, but that at the same price he would
give a preference to old contractors. I make no
complaint of it, hut what I complain of is, that he
said he would sivean additional price if the mails
were to be carried m post-coaches over any other
mode, and make a distinction between two and
lour-horse coaches, which was against the law.
Mr. YULEE. I think the Senator is mistaken
even in that.
Mr. SIMMONS. Perhaps T am.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly he is mistaken in the
other allegations; but I would say to the Senator,
that it has orown to be very much the custom to
make allegations and imputations upon the Post
Ofhe.e Department and the Postmaster General,
which, upon inquiry, Senators; would find to be
unfounded. I would mutest to the Senator, if he
has any ground ot complaint, that, if 1m will m-
mtroduce a resolution ivfVirino; to the specific
gionnd of complaint, and .send it to the Commit-
tee oil the PoftOjHce and Post RotuU, they will
make a li^id inquiry, und report. 1 am satisfied
thai in everv particular in which the Senator has
made 'dinrji.-s just now tu> jinst the practices of the
Post Office Department, he is mistaken.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 will notreply now, because
I have not j ot the books before me; but at the
first opportunity 1 will read the advertisements,
and sho.v the chauman oi the Post Office Com-
mittee that I am correct.
Mr. STUART. The question before the Sen-
ate, Air. Piesidcnt, is simply as to whether it will
be better, with a view to the result we all desire, to
employ the Finance Committee or a ypeciol com-
mittee. It seems tome that there ate two or there
reasons so obvious and so conclusive, that tlwy
ought to settle this question. Fust, the (Jomni't-
tee on Finance has a pei-mam nt clerk, arid in the
long vacation has nothing else to do than follow
the directions of the committee m making the
necessary investigations as to where reform can
be introduced, in the next place, on eveiyup-
propinUion bill the estimates which furnish the
basis of all investigation go to that committee.
They have them before them. If they apnear to
be very large upon a given subject, they can in-
quire more easily, with more facility than any
other committee, how has this happened ? <jHow
does it happen that this large amount of money !
has been required for this particular service ? An !
investigation into the law will answer; and if the I
case represented now by the Senator from Rhode |
Island should be presented, the committee would
then be in possession of the facts. I do not agree
with that Senator, that it has been incumbent
upon the Committee on Finance to make an in-
vestigation in regard to Post Office laws. I agree
with the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
that that has been the duty of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, to see whether
any further legislation were necessary. I do not
assume that it is; but I say-that whether it is or
not, is a legitimate question to be inquired into by
that committee.
But again, sir; it is not supposed by any Sen-
ator that this great work of reform in the expend-
itures of the Departments of this Government can
be accomplished at this*session. Very little can
be done about it; something can be done about it.
Something can be done at this session, arid someJfe
thing at the next, and something at subsequen^^
sessions; but I say that, whether it be done now
or at any subsequent session, there is no other
committee which has before it such facts within
the scope of its usual inquiries, and is so placed
at the very threshold of reformation, as the Com-
mittee on Finance, and if, in its investigations, it
shall think that a law authorizing a present ex-
penditure ought to be repealed or modified, it can
present it. They would present it, and then cause
the additional fact to which I referred the other
day, that being presented by that committee it
has more moral power in this body than fi'om any
other committee that can be named.
Again, sir, a special committee would be sub-
jected to the charge of being a mere Buncombe
committee, getting up facts for electioneering and
other purposes. The ingenuity of men is applied  
frequently in this way.
For these various reasons, it seems to me,
without detaining the Senate at all upon this
question further, that a glance at these few facts
will go to prove that if there is to he a permanent
system introduced of retrenchment in the expend-
itures of the Government, the vote of the Senate
instiucting the Committee on Finance to make
and to continue this inquiry, is the better mode
of effecting it. They have the means; they have
a permanent clerk in vacation; they have the
facts before them at cach session where they
must be observed. This is not true of any other
committee, or of any single "Senator wl\o does be-
long to that committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President*, it seems to
me that this subject is of sufficient importance to
demand immediate action. We have been in-
formed by the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance that that committee has no time to attend
to this investigation during the present session.
The appropriation bills are ail before that com-
mittee, and it seems to me that a proposition to
commit the inquiry to them is intended to stave
off this examination into the extravagance and
corruption of this Government. I hope that a
Kpecial committee will be appointed, and that the
honorable Senator from Tennessee will be its
chairman, and that his argus eyes and his entire
time will be devoted to that committee for the
residue of this session.
Sir, tho proposition to refer the subject to the
Committee on Finance looks to the continuation
of the abuses that now exist. It seems to me to
be a proposition to extend indefinitely the pres-
ent extiuvagantexpenditures of the Government,
while the sending of it to a select committee
looks to an immediate abrogation of these extrav-
agant expenditures. I believe thatthfe honorable
Senator from Tennessee, as chairman of a select
committee, would make a report upon which we
eo"!d act before the termination of this short ses-
sion. If'he has not time to probe this matter to
th" bottom, give him more time.; let himself and
his committee sit m the interim, and let them
probe not only the extravagance, but the corrup-
tions that exist. We need only refer to the
newspaper press to see that these corruptions are
almost innumerable. I want him to examine
them, and examine them at once. I want him to
probe them to the bottom, and report to the Sen-
ate, and I know he is the man to do it. I trust a
special committee will be appointed.
Mr. HALE. I believe, sir, the only time that
ever thitf subject of the extravagance of an Ad-
ministration in power attracted the attention of
the people, was in the year 1828, when the Ad-
ministration of John Q,uincy jfedams was put
