1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gooch and
John Cochrane were appointed.
The committee divided; and tellers reported—
ayes 87, noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am instructed by the
Committeeof Ways and Means to offerttn amend-
ment at the end of the following clause of the bill:
" For commutation of fuM nnd quarter* for officers of the
Army serving on liuht house duty, the payment of which
is no longer provided for by the quartermaster's depart-
men t, <§2,367 41.''
I move to add the following:
For the payment of the Florida volunteers, called into
service by General Harney and Colonel Loomis, under the
authority of the President of the United States, m the years
1857 and 1858, which shall be in full satisfaction and pay-
ment foi the services of said volunteers duung the years
aforesaid, $413,600.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. This amendment is not germane
to that clause of the bill to which it is offered.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say, before
the Chair decides the point of order, that these
volunteers were called out under the authority of
the President of the United States, under the act
of 1795. The expenditure was, therefore, made
in pursuance of law, and I think the amendment is
in order.
Mr. BLTSS. Were they called out to build
light-houses ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not informed
of that fact. The Chair decides the amendment
out of order.
Mr. CLAWSON. I move the following
amendment:
For the best life boat, to be placed at each of the
twenty-eight lile-saving stations on the coast of New Jersey,
•$6,440; and so much money as was appropriated at the
last session of Congress lor tins purpose as lemains unex-
pended is hereby duected to be earned to the surplus
fund.
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. That amendment
is right. *
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move the following amend-
ment:
For repairing the life-saving stations on the coasts of Long
Island and New Jersey, $2,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is there any esti-
mate for this amendment?
Mr. ROBBINS. I know of my own knowledge
that it is highly necessary. It is only for repairs,
and I cannot conceive any objection to it.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk, proceeding with the bill, read as
follows:
u Survey of the ■public lands.—For surveying the public
lands, (exclusive of California, Oregon, Washington, New
Mexico, Kansas, Nebia.-ka, and Utah,) including incidental
expenses and island survey55 in the interior, and all other
special and difficultsurveysdemandingaugmented rates, to
be apportioned and applied to the seveial suiveyni!? districts
according to the exigencies of the public service, including
expenses of selecting s«vv<unp lamU and the compensation
and expenses to survey or to locate private land claims in
Louisiana, in addition to the unexpended balances of all
former appropiiations, $60,000."
Mr. SEWARD. Where are those island sur-
veys in the interior?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In the lakes, and
upon the coast of Florida.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to strike out the word
" interior."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to reduce the appro-
priation in the following paragraph to $53,000:
" For sui vevinjf the public JaniW and private land claims in
Cahtorma, including office expenses incident to the survey
ot claims, and to be disbuised at the rates prescubed by law
for the different kinds of woik, and ult<o including all the
accounts for &,urvejsof public land.?and pr.vate land clnnns
in California, under contracts prior to the 30th June. 1857,
$10.3,000."
Mr. Chairman, I find, by the Secretary's esti-
mates, that there will be $50,000 of unexpended
balance applicable to that purpose on the 1st of
July next. That, with the $53,000 I propose,
will leave $103,000, the amount of this appropri-
ation. I find, by the report of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, that there are sixty-
two million acres of the public land surveyed and
ready for sale. Under that state of fact, 1 think
that we ought not to push our surveys further.
We have more surveyed than we think it pioper
to bring into the maiket.
Mr. KEITT. 1 oppose the amendment, and
ask for the question.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to increase the amount
#10,000.
Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to trespass on the
time of this committee; but I have been in this
Hall from eleven to eight o'clock, watching and
guarding the interests of my State, anticipating
that some such move as this would be made. I
think I must have a good temper; I must have
the patience of Job, to stand the retrenchment and
reform which are specially directed towards Cali-
fornia. I want to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact that the estimate for the surveys
of public lands, for this year, is only $103,000
for the State of California, while last year it was
$320,000—-a reduction of $217,000. After supply-
ing $60,000 for a deficiency, the actual amount
allowed for the surveys of public lands in the
Sfate of California, for the fiscal year terminating
30th June, 1860, amounts to the paltry sum of
$43,000. Now, I ask if this small sum ought not
even to be satisfactory to the gentleman from
Virginia? If the gentleman from Virginia wishes
to suspend all the operations of Government, stop
the construction of buildings, do away with our
fortifications, our arsenals, and our navy-yards,
let him do it; but, in carrying out his policy, he
will not only inflict injury upon my State, but he
will ultimately wrong the Federal Government,
by what I believe to lie a false system of economy.
But, sir, you must take into consideration the
fact that the expenditure made by the Federal
Government for the surveys of the public domain
is not a useless expenditure; but that the Govern-
ment is eventually benefited by being reimbursed
by the sales ot the public lands.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the gentleman whether he
considers the new surveys, contemplated under
this appropriation, as necessary for the develop-
ment of California, in the way of population, or
any other way?
Mr. SCOTT. I take this broad ground that it
is necessary, not only for the development of the
interests of California, but of her citizens; because
this survey will facilitate the separation of the
private land claims from the public lands. I think
this is a duty which the General Government
owes not only to California, but to itself, to pros-
ecute the surveys of her lands, and I would im-
press this view on the consideration of the House:
that this course will eventually result to the bene-
fit of the Federal Government, by allowing the
public lands to be brought into market and sold
for what they are worth.
Mr. GARNETT. I have no objection to hav-
ing these lands surveyed; but not until the lands
already surveyed have been brought into market.
Mr. SCOTT. Twenty-five million acres have
been already surveyed.
Mr. GARNET1. How much of it has been
brought into market?
Mr. SCOTT. I cannot now state the exact
amount, hut many million acres are advertised,
and will be soon sold. If the survey of these
lands be stopped, it will cause litigation and dif-
ficulties that cannot be removed or repaired by
any future action of Congress. Every member
knows that I am not factious in opposition, and
that I very rarely intrude upon the time or atten-
tion of the House, except in the defense of the
interests of my own State. As I said before, the
course that the Government is steadily pursuing
now, will, if persisted in, not result to the benefit
; of the Federal Government; hut if this economy
; or retrenchment idea is carried out, according to
1 the wishes of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
| Gannett] and others, serious loss and injury
: will be inflicted on the Government and on my
; State.
I Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I oppose the
I amendment, and ask for a vote.
I Mr. SCOTT withdrew his amendment.
! Mr. BURNETT. I propose to amend by
! reducing the amount $3,000. 1 do not say that
| this appropriation ought to be reduced. I will
; not go into the consideration of that question now;
; but! do not understand the policy of going on
j and surveying the public lands from year to year,
! while we have sixty-two million acres aheady
i suivcyed, and ready to be brought into market,
! and not one acre of it for sale. Why should these
; suiveys be continued under such circumslances ?
! I woukl like to hear some gentleman toll us why
[ these lands are not brought into market? When
! it can be shown that these lands are being sold
for the benefit of the Government, I will be ready
to vote money for the continuance of these sur-
veys.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. At the urgent
request of citizens of the Territories of Kansas
and Nebraska,,the sale of the lands advertised in
those Territories has been twice postponed be-
cause of the monetary crisis in the country; and
because of the inability of the settlers on the pub-
lic lands to secure the lands on which they have
made their improvements. The same course has
been pursued in the State of Minnesota. If the
gentleman from Kentucky had examined" the
Washington Union he would have seen that ad-
vertisements for the sale of the public lands are
now being published. These sales are to take
place during the residue of this fiscal year, and
during the next fiscal year in the States of Wis-
consin, Minnesota, Louisiana, and Mississippi.
The annual estimates submitted to us by the
Department for the surveys of the public lands
amount to $115,000. The Committee of Ways
and Means reduced the item to $60,000. So in
regard to the surveys in the Territories of Kan-
sas and Nebraska. The estimates submitted wero
$54,000; the Committee of Ways and Means re-
duced the item to $14,000.
There are reasons why this reduction should
not take place in regard to California. A much
larger sum, per mile, is paid for the public sur-
veys in California than in any of the other States
or Territories. We have to pay from twelve to
sixteen dollars a mile for surveys in California.
The surveys of the private land claims in Cali-
fornia have not yet been finished, and until they
be, there will be difficulty in regard to the titles
to land there. The object is to complete these
surveys; separate the private land claims from
the public lands, and then bring the public lands
into market.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw my amendment.
My object was to hear from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. LETC HER. I propose to amend the amend-
ment of my colleague by reducing the amount to
$3,000. It strikes me that in the present condi-
tion of affairs, if we were to bring the public lands
into market, there would be less occasion for
making a fuss about the revision of the tariff of
1857. Here, as has been stated over and over
again, are sixty-two million acres of publiclands
already surveyed. The Treasury is empty j and
the Government has no money to carry on its
operations. We expect to derive fully as much
revenue under the tariff of 1857, as was calcu-
lated on at the time of us passage. That, with
the ordinary levenue derived fiom the publiclands
and from miscellaneous sources, would afford a
sum sufficient to meet the expenses of the Gov-
I ernment on any fair principles, and to provide for
the interest on the outstanding debt. But why
should the Government, like a miser, hold the
mineral lands and keep them out of the market,
while there are persons who desire to invest in
these mineral lands in California and elsewhere,
and while handsome sums might be derived from
that source, and added to the revenues of the
Government?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouii. I ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia whether the mineral lands
of California arc not kept out of the market for
the very reason that the law forbids their being
surveyed? Why not repeal the law?
Mr. LETCHER. I am complaining of the
i whole policy in regard to this.
| Mr. SCOTT. The General Government has
j not the right to dispose of these mineral lands. If
! she had, she has not the power to enforce her
rights; for although my State is true and loyal to
| the Union, she would resist to the lost any such
j! encroachment on the part of the Federal Govern-
;! ment.
;; Mr. LETCHER. Are we to be told that the
i Government is the owner of these mineral lands,
! and yet has not the power to survey and sell them
: in the State of California ? Are we to be told that
II the revenue derived from these mineral lands is at
i! an end? Are we to be told that State power is
sufficient to deprive the General Government of
its power over these lands ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will say
to the gentleman from Virginia that that declara-
tion from California is not new, for it was made
on this floor two years ago.
