THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
*? r
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON^ D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2, 1859.
New
try in a distinct manner, so that it will be known
hereafter. The object is to establish the line by
landmarks, there being no natural ones, in such
manner that it can be distinguished in future.
The appropriation is under the control of the
Secretary of the Interior. I have sufficient con-
fidence in that officer to believe that he will enter
into no contract for an exorbitant price. It is
duly guarded, and I apprehend there can be no
reasonable objection to the adoption of this
clause.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public -Lands
reported a bill to the House appropriating $5,000
for this purpose. We had an estimate submitted
to us from the Department for that amount to
mark and fix this boundary kne. I was allowed,
by unanimous consent, to report the bill out of
its order, and it passed the House withoutobjec-
tion. I was unanimously instructed to report it
from the Committee on Public Lands. That bill
was sent to the Senate, and that body returned it
to this House with a few slight amendments. It
is obvious tlyit, at this stage of the session, that
bill cannot be taken up; and if it is the intention
of Congress to run and mark that boundary line,
this is the time and place to make the requisite
appropriation. If the design is not to run the
line, then let there be no appropriation here. I
have no feeling on the subject other than, as a
member of 'the Committee on Public Lands, to
discharge my duty.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Iowa is as well aware of the labor of running
and marking a line over a prairie country as any
man here, and I must say that I am surprised ai
the opposition from this source. The price pro-
posed, considering the amount ofiabor to be done,
is far from extravagant; it is reasonable. The
survey should be made now, before any difficulty
shall arise in regard to fche boundary. It should
be distinctly and peimanently marked, and I must
think it will not meet opposition. I hope the
amendment of the gentleman will not be adopted.
Mr. CAVANAUOH. If my colleague will
amend this so as to give this surveying to Mr.
Warren Lewis, who lives in my friend's town in
Iowa, perhaps then he will make no objection to
the extravagance of this appropriation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORGAN. I propose to reduce this ap-
propriation to twenty dollars per mile. Gentle-
men Who are familiar with the system uf survey-
ing public lands, know that the surveying does
not cost more than ten dollars per mile. Why,
then, are we appropriating thirty-eight dollars a
mile for these surveys? We might as well, at
once, give fifty dollars a mile, or a hundred dol-
lars a mile. The fact is, that this money is wanted
for electioneering purposes, and for nothing else.
I think that, in the present state of public opin-
ion, they would require at least a hundred dollars
a mile to carry out their purpose. Either appro-
priate a hundred dollars a mile at once, or appro-
priate what is actually requisite—not more than
ten dollars a mile, i am sure it would require
more than one hundred dollars a mile to get my
friend here, [Mr. Cavanaugh,] or his colleague,
[Mr. Phelps,] back to this House. [Laughter.]
i want a proper sum to be appropriated for these
surveys.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Secretary of
the Interior will only expend what is absolutely
necessary.
Mr. MORGAN. I would not put any more in
his hands.than is absolutely necessary. I never
knew any balance to be left after one campaign.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from New York.
He says that the fund is to be used for election-
eering purposes. Allow me to assure the gen-
tleman,that the State of Minnesota is reliableand
honest to the core—national and Democratic.
Coming, as the gentleman does, from the Empire
State, he probably knows the price of voters, and
knows just how much it costs to carry a district.
But let me assure the gentleman from New York,
that no one hundred dollars a mile for surveying,
94
nor any other pecuniary consideration, can affect
the politics of Minnesota. Her citizens are a read-
ing, thinking, and independent people. -
Mr. LE1TER. I desire to kttow what the gen-
tleman means by saying that the State of Minne-
sota is Democratic?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I mean that it is of the
self-same Democracy as the gentleman was of
when he sat as Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives in that memorable Legislature of Ohio.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CLAY. I rise to a question of order. The
gentleman's remarks are not pertinent.
The CHAIRMAN. They are not relevant,
and therefore not in order.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I would simply say
hereto the gentleman from New York, that there
are expenses connected with the survey of the
public lands. There are outfits 
Mr. MORGAN. What outfits ?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Supplies have to be pro-
cured at St. Paul or Dubuque, and carried several
hundred miles across a prairie country. Gentle-
men on the Opposition side of the House—my
friend from northern Iowa [Mr. Davis] and my
friend from New York included—can make no
capital at all out of this. We do not ask this ap-
propriation for any Electioneering purposes, but
for the purpose of having a line surveyed from
the northei n line of Iowa to the forty-ninth degree
of north latitude, designating the western bound-
ary of the State of Minnesota. The gentleman
from Iowa says it would require no skill and no
genius whatever to survey that line. Now, 1 have
this to say, that the gentleman from Iowa is the
last gentleman on this floor, and the last in the
world, that ought to raise his voice against an
appropriation of this kind. Both sides of this
House have been very lavish, indeed, in bestovv-
ingfavors on the State of Iow.i. But Iowa is not
pleaded now, because Minnesota has touched Iowa
and Dubuque in a particularly tender point. And
the Representative from the northern district can-
not forget the unsuccessful efforts made to defeat
the establishment of a surveyor general's office
in Minnesota. This accounts for the gentleman's
opposition.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Morgan's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move to
amend by'striking out the following clause:
" For collection of agricultural statistics, investigations for
promoting agriculture and mral economy, and the procure-
ment of cuttings and seeds, $40,000."
Mr. GARNETT. It is in order first to perfect
the clause proposed to be stricken out. I move to
strike out #40,000 and insert $30,000. I might well
urge this reduction on the ground of economy, for
itcan be easily shown, from an examination of the
agricultural report of the Patent Office, that the
germ of this appropriation is the creation of an
agricultural bureau as a department of the Gov-
ernment. But on this occasion, I do not put it
on any such grounds. I wish to appeal to the
House on grounds tvhich I know will raise a
laugh, and will be regarded as ridiculous.
But, sir, I appeal to gentlemen who profess to
believe in a strict construction of the Constitu-
tion. I appeal to my Democratic strict-construc-
tion friends on the Committee of Ways and
Means; and I challenge anyone of them to show
me a single clause in the Constitution which au-
thorizes this appropriation. Sir, I hold that it is
a sound principle of constitutional construction
laid down by Mr. Madison, that you must either
show an express power, or if you cannot show
an express power, you must prove that the power
which you propose to exercise is one which is
necessary to carry out an express power. Now,
where do you find this express power? Is it un-
der the clause to regulate commerce between the !
States.' No gentleman will assert that it is. is |
it under the clause that you may piovide for the |
common defense and general welfare? I take it j
that no Democrat—no gentleman who pretends '
to be a Democrat—will contend that thsrt clause !
gives any general powers at all. It is Merely a
definition of the spirit in which yoir-sfeali es:£rciis&
the powers afterwards specially enumerate*!.
Then, if there be no clause in the Constitution
conferring this express power, I ask, is it neces-
sary and proper, in order to carry out any other
power conferred by the Constitution? I chal-
lenge and defy any gentleman to show me a clause
in the Constitution which warrants it,unless yoa
adopt that latitudinous system of construction
which distinguished the Federalists of old. And
let me say that there are many men at this day
who profess not to be Federalists, but who enter-
tain all their opinions, without having the hon-
esty to avow it. But I say that no man who
subscribes to the platforms adopted by the Demo-
cratic party at Baltimore and Cincinnati, no man
who believes in the resolutions of 1798-99—
[laughter]—I knew that would raise a laugh;
but I am one of those who really believe in what
I profess to believe; when I say I am a Democrat,
1 mean that I am a Democrat. I believe in a
strict construction of the Constitution, aod J will
never vote for anything which I believe violatse
the Constitution. I challenge any gentleman to
point to a clause of the Constitution which au-
thorizes this appropriation. I ask my colleague,
[Mr. Letcher,] the future Governor of Virginia,
how he could join in reporting s bill which vio-
lates the Constitution of the United States, and
the resolutions of 1798-99 ? [Laughter.] I ask
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, the leader of the Democratic party irt this
House, how he came to report a bill containing a
clause so full of heresies as this is r This is not
a question of retrenchment and economy. It is a
question whether the Constitution of the United
States shall be openly, knowingly, and deliber-
ately violated.
Mr. LETCHER. I will merely remark that
I had no idea in the world that my colleague
would undertake to make up additional issues
with me preparatory to the gubernatorial can-
vass. [Laughter.] So ftir as 1 am concerned,
there are already about issues enough -to-be com-
fortable, and I do not want any more. {Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. I submit that, since the dis-
solution of the Democratic party, neither the res-
olutions of 1798-99, or the Cincinnati platform,
are of binding force. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARNETT. I ask leave to withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. LE1TER. I object, unless the gentleman
withdraws his speech also.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr.WHITELEY. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation to one dollar. 1 desired to have sub-
mitted the motion which has been made by my
friend from North Carolina, to strike out the
whole clause. I do not place my opposition to
this appropriation on the ground that it is uncon-
stitutional or inconsistent with the resolutions of
1798-99, but upon the fact that it is wholly aad
utterly useless, and a wanton expenditure ofpub-
lic money.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the history of these ap-
propriations. They commenced, in 1839, witli
$1,000. There was no appropriation in 1840, or
1841; $1,000 in 1842; |2,000in 1843. In 1849, it
had run up to $35,000; in 1853 and 1854, it was
$35,000; in 1856, it was §105',000; and last year
it was $60,000. Now, what haS.become of the
money ?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I desire to
ask my friend, the chairman of the Committee
on Agriculture, a question. I would be glad if
he would state to the committee how much of the
appropriation goes to pay clerks, and how much
for.the purchaseflfcork-oalt acorns ? [Laughter.]
Mr. SYHITELEY. Nine tenths of it, in my
Jiumble opinion, goes to pay clerks in the Pateaat
Office under the head of the agricultural bureau,
-and under the guise of disseminating agricultural
information through the country.
Now, I desire to call the attention of the com-
