1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
tion at Washington (now Trinity) College, Hart-
ford, solely by means of his own exertions; for
he was not nurtured in the lap.of luxury orwealth,
but knew what it was to eat the bread of penury
and toil. Naturally of a bold and daring spirit,
he could not be confined to the mere details of a
monotonous life. His was a higher destiny and
nobler aim, and a divinity shaped his course. His
place of nativity offering no sufficient inducements
for the development of those rare qualities and
endowments which distinguished Ins after life,
the great conservative West, which stands as a
bulwark between the extremes of views in the
nation, seemed to invite him to its locality, and its
democratic sentiment to be congenial to his own.
Turning from the scenes of his childhood and
the associations of youth^ endeared to him by
a thousand ties of hallowed recollection, poor,
. friendless, withoutpatronage,and dependinsrupon
himself, he went out into the great world, unaided
and alone, the architect of his own fortune. Di-
recting his footsteps as a stranger to a strange
land—to the Mississippi valley—that extensive
field of generous rivalry, where honor and dis-
tinction arc achieved by those who are capable of
grasping and worthy of holding them, and are
not conferred by family or wealth; where nc ar-
bitrary conventional rules exclude from public
places the meritorious poor; Illinois was so for-
tunate as to receive him as her adopted son, and
jshe nourished him as a favorite child.
In 1842, at the age of twenty-five, he settled at
Springfield, the capital of that State, but soon af-
ter removed to Petersburg, Menard county, where
he commenced the practice of his profession, and
at once took his position at the head of an able
bar. Peihaps no man was evermore remarkable
for his indomitable energy and untiring industry.
In his investigation of subjects he did not skim
over them, as the sea-bird over the waves, sen roe
dipping its bosom in their snowy crests, but ex-
plored their remotest and most mysterious cham-
bers, and brought to light whatever hidden treas-
ures were useful or valuable. He was eminently
a practical and philosophical man, and indulged
in no vain or idle words, or sought to decorate
his subject with mere tinsel of language, though
he frequently strewed the pathway of debate with
brillian tand spai kling gems. Blessed with a clear,
methodical, and logical intellect, he chose rather
to deal in facts than ornament or illustrations;
and was, moreover, a most forcible reasoner.
His eloquence was the eloquence of unadorned
truth, and he never failed to impress it upon his
hearers. They could not escape the force of his
arguments or the sincerity of Ins convictions. He
did not drive with the impetuosity of the storm;
but like a placid river, smoothly, quietly, stead-
ily, and surely, moved on. Nor was his the
thunderbolt dashed against the trembling oak, or
the lurid sheet of lightning that wrapped it in fuimp,
but the steady rays of a meridian sun, drawn to
a focus by a converging glass, and burning with
an intense melting heat. If, however, engaged
in an intellectual controversy with an adversaiy
worthy of his powers, his mind was like an agi-
tated lake, with brilliant flashes of light playing
all over it, and acted with the velocity of lightning.
His conclusions were reached as if by intuition.
Perhaps no one was ever more fortunate at repar-
tee; and his sarcasms were withering and terrible.
When aroused, they fell upon his antagonist hke
a thousand spears tipped with fire. He was
always self-possessed, and equally at home at
the hustings, the bar, and in the legislative hall,
and was the ornament of each.
Superadded to his mental endowments was a
gentleness of manners and an integrity of charac-
ter that made him at once the favorite of the peo-
ple. Within three years from the time of his
settlement in his new homo, he was elected a mem*
berof the State Senate, but never entered upon the
duties of that office, owing to the war between the
United States anil Mexico, which opened to him
a new field of action. Burning with^an ardent
patriotism, and impressed by asense of obligation
to his country to redress its wrongs, vindicate
its honor, and bear forward its flag, he preferred
the tented field to the legislative hall, and resigned
his senatorial position. Possessed of no titled
parchment to give him rank or command, he en-
rolled as a private, but was soon after promoted by
his fellow-soldiers. Merit hke his could not long
be kept concealed. He was elected major of his
regiment, and served a part of the time as colonel.
That he was a courageous warrior, as well as able
statesman, the battery he planted upon the hill
opposite Cerro Gordo the night before the battle,
(a work which the Mexicans regarded as impos-
sible, and almost superhuman,) and his many
other acts of personal bravery, well attest; In-
deed, he combined in himself many of the ele-
ments of a great captain. Fearless even to a
fault, fertile in expedients, skillful in strategy,
quick to comprehend, and bold and prompt to ex-
ecute, he saw at a glance the position to occupy,
and bravely marched to it. No officer was ever
more beloved by his troops. His kindness to
them, his attention to their wants, sharing with
them as he did all the hardships of the (Jampaign,
and never asking them to go where he was not
willing to lead the way, caused them to regard him
with the most tender direction; and in afterlife,
when he became a candidate for political offices,
they gave him the most convincing proof of their
attachment. Many a one of these hardy soldiers
will make a pilgrimage to the quiet little grave-
yard where rest the remains of their beloved com-
mander; and the tear v\ ill steal from the eye, and
the heart will "pour forth its grief, over all that is
mortal of Thomas L. Harris. Never, while the
pulsations of life shall beat, will his virtues be
erased from the tablet of their memories, but a
recollection of him will be the cherished jewel in
the casket of the soul.
Bat, Mr. Speaker, it was not alone on the
tented field, in the deadly breach, on the blazing
height,
(e VTlieie Je.vJen mail and iron hail"
poured forth their work of daath, that the de-
ceased shone most conspicuously, ar was known
to his admiring countrymen. As a statesman and
legislator, he possessed abilities of a high order,
which were called into constant and active requi-
sition. Upon his return from the Mexican war
he was Humiliated for Congress by the Demo-
cratic party of the district in which he lived. He
entered upon the canvass under the most dis-
couraging circumstances. A large majority of the
district was opposed to him in political sentiment.
No Democrat had ever represented it on this floor;
and his opponent was a man of acknowledged
powers as a debater, of high standing, and every-
where regarded as the ablest lawyer in the State,
and possessed the confidence of his friends. Not
a doubt of his success rested upon their minds,
while Major Harris was thought to be leadinga
forlorn hone. Nothing daunted, however, he un-
dertook the herculean task assigned him; and
after a nnst animated and arduous*contest, vic-
tory perched upon his standard. He was elected
by one hundred and six majority; while at the
same election General Taylor carried the district
against the Democrats by fifteen hundred.
In 1S50, he ran again, and was defeated by the
disaffection of a prominent Democrat, in 1850,
not desiring to stand a canvass, the Democracy
ran another, and were beaten. In 1354, he de-
feated las former competitor, the Hon. Richard
Yates', by a majority ot two hundred, in one of
the most vi^oious campaigns on lecord, upon
the issue of the Kansas-Nebraska bill—the piin-
ciples of which he defended with dauntless firm-
ness in the closing and most exciting period of
his public life. In 1856, he was successful over
John Williams, Esq., a citizen of long residence
and high respectability in the district, by two
thousand two hundred majority; and in Novem-
ber last, was elected by four thousand two hun-
dred and forty majority over the united vote of a
combined Opposition; thus proving he was more
and more appreciated as lie became betmr and
better known. He was the cherished idol of his
immediate constituents, ami of his State; and,
had he been spared, would have been ihe recipi-
ent of its highest favors. It may, indeed, be said
of him. he was the man whem the people de-
lighted to honor.
But a merciful God, " who doeth all things
well," and i( whose ways are not man's ways,"
hath cut him down in the vigor of his manhood,
and at the moment of his greatest usefulness and
brightest promise, and called him to a more glo-
rious sphere of "action; where the "just made
perfect" dwell in sweet harmony together, and
" death is shallowed up in victory.*'
It would be a work of supererogation, Mr.
Speaker, to undertake on this"melancholy occa-
sion, a recital of his labors in the national Con-
gress. They properly belong to the historian,
and constitute the brightest flowers in the chaplet
which adorns his memory. Those who entered
this House cotemporaneous with him, and have
witnessed the ability and integrity which he
broughtto thedischarge of every publicduty, only
know how to appreciate his loss to the nation.
His senior in years, but his junior here, I only
served with him in a legislative capacity during
the last session, but even that brief period was
sufficiently long to enable me to learn his value to
his country. Rarely has it fallen to the lot of any
man to possess so many public and private vir-
tues. A true and faithful soldier of principle,
neither the hope of reward, or the frowns of
power could swerve him from the line of duty—
where that bade him to so, he went; where it bade
him stop, he stopped. I firmly believe, sir, if death
had stared him in theface,he would have marched
up to its destructive battery with a brave heart,
unblenchmg eye, and steady nerve, rather than to
have yielded one jot or tittle of his integrity. <
Justus propositi tenax. He knew no expediency;
was free from the tricks of the politician,^nd re-
lied upon truth, justice, and the intelligence of the
people for his vindication. With him the past is
well, and the future secure. Always sincere, pos-
itive, frank, open, manly, noble, there was no de-
ceit m him. He never betrayed a friend or a trust,
or deceived an enemy, if enemy he had. As you
left him, you found him; corruption never ven-
tured to stretch out its tempting and polluting
hand toward him. He wax above suspicion, and
office was only held by him as a means of serving
the public. He never would have accepted one
at the price of dishonor, for he soared m an at-
mosphere above the mere gambling politician, who
is always a sycophant at the foot of power, and
betrays every confidence in turn which maybe
confided in him. His was a pure and laudable
ambition, springing from a disinterested patriot-
ism, and imparting a healthy vigor and purifying
influence to the body-politic.
Duung the memoiablc struggle of the last ar-
duous session, when the furious passions of the
human heart were bursting through thi« Hall, and
excitement was raging like a hurricane through the
land, he surveyed the scene with a calm and daunt-
less eye, and played his part as a moral hero.
Though feeble in health and fast wasting away,
ho was rarelj absent from his post of labor; the
amount of work he performed, tor one in his con-
dition, as chairman of the Committee of Elections,
was truly astonishing. When all of us knew he
should have been in his room undt,r the care of a
physician, day after day found him in his seat
here, nor would he relinquish hi* task when he
was no longer aide to walK to the Capitol. Well,
sir, do I remember tiie time when the test vote on
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution was to be taken. It was a moment
of great anxiety and peril, and the result was to
determine the policy of the Government towards
her distant settlements, perhaps for all the future.
The whole nation was awaiting the result in.
breathless suspense, fot* no question lnd ever be-
fore so intensified public feeling. 1 went to his
room that morning, as 1 lnd often gone before,
and found him in his bed, pale, feeble, and ema-
ciated. The dav was cloudy anil damp, and I was
fearful if he ventured out his disease would at once
terminate fatally. 1 consequently urged him to
permit me to find some one wiio would pair off
with him. He declined; 1 urg- d again and again,
and plead his condition to induce htm to consent.
" No," suid he, with a iLmness and ton^ i s1jq.I1
not soon forget, u if 1 never give but one other
vote, that one shall be given to-day in favor of
solf,government,and popular libcrtv;"did
give u, under a conscientious and fixed belief he
was discharging a high and snored duty. Con-
veyed hither in a carriage, as he entered this
Hail, supported by the honorable gentleman from
New York [Mr. HASKiXb] and myself, with the
dark outlines of death tilr< ady ina-k"d upon Ins
features,ail eyes w^re turned towards-him m melt-
ing sympathy, and many supposed, win''1 ho him-
self was almost persuaded, he was fulfilling his
dying obligation to his counirv.
I mention these facn, Mr. Speaker, not from
any wish or design to an opmi&non the
merits of the controversy to winch 1 refer, for it
is far from my intention to do so on this occasion;
