1492
T&E AL 6L0B®!.
February 28,
The Clerk read, as follows:
For completing the erection of the north front of the
Patent-Office building, grading and paving street^ around
the Siune, inclosing tfont yards, arid itaprdving court-yard,
$50,000.
Mr. BURNETT. In pursuance of the former
action of the committee, I move to reduce the Ap-
propriation in that paragraph, to $10,000. I ao
not propose to discuss the amendment.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object pro
fprma.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This appropria-
tion in the bill will finish the building, and it ought
not to be reduced.
Mr. BURNETT. It ought not to be appro-
priated, and if debate were allowable I might give
many goodreasons why it should not be appro-
priated.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PETTIT. I move as an amendment to
that clause, the amendment isent up awhile ago,
and which was ruled out of order.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise the question of order
on the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order.
Mr. MORGAN. Now, let us have some ex-
planation of the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is in pursuance
of law.
Mr. PETTIT. Here is the letter of the Secre-
tary, which will explain the amendment.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Department of the Intbiuor,
February 24, lb.")9.
Sir : By the eighth section of the «ict approved the 5th
instaht, entitled "Ari act providing (or keeping ami distrib-
uting all public documents," it is provided " that all books,
mapsi, charts, and other publications, ol every nature, what-
ever, heretofore deposited in the Department of State, ac-
cording to the laws regulating eopynghts, together with nil
the records of the Department ot JSuvte ui regaid to the
same, shall be removed to, and be under the control of, the
Department of the Interior, which is hereby charged with
all the duties connected with the same, and with all mat-
ters periammg to copyright, in the same manner and to the
same extent that the Department of State ia now charged
with the same; and hereafter all such publications, of every
nature whatever, shall, under present laws and regulations,
he left wjth and Uopt by him."
The Secretary ot State imormsme, under date of the 13th
instant, as will more fully appear from the inclo&ed copy
of hi* fetter,that the present number of mich publica-
tion*, including books, maps, engravings, 8tc., is from thirty
to forty thousand that 44 the average number received
every year, for the last live years, has been about fifteen
hundred that 11 thev occupy three room*, of twenty feet
aquaic each, which, however, do not afford space enough
for a pioper arrangement of them that " it would require
tho e.xelusive time of one clerk to keep the works in such
n manner as seems to be contemplated by the copyright
law, and to discharge othei duties incident theretothat
tJUie clei k thus employed " in the State Depauuu'nt "rates
tin a third class clerkbut that "iro estimate tor an appro-
priation has ever been made cm this account,' the clerk
having '• charge of the copynghts" being "also charged with
other duties."
To enable me to comply with the requirements of this
net, the following appropriation will be requited:
For making cases, and fitting up rooms; in the Patent Of-
fici: building, to receive copyright hook*, charts. &c.; and lor
tran*femuR, arittngmg, and taking care of the same, $'51,600.
1 take this occasion al«o to state that 1 have just been
notified that volume eleven ot Little & Brown's edition of
the Stauues at Large will be teady for dehveiy soon alter
the adjournment of Congress.
As it has been usual 10 purchase* a supply of this work for
distribution, I deem it my dutv to call the attention of Con-
grefs to the subject, in order that an appropriation may be
made for tne purchase and dixuibntion ot the eleventh vol-
ume. should it bo thought advisable. The sum of $7,000
was npptopriated for the purchase of volume ten. A simi-
lar amount is asked for volume eleven.
Vuiy le.spcctfully, your obedient servant,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
Hon. James Ij. Orr,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
Mr. PETTIT. This proposition does not con-
template the employment of an additional clerk,
to which the letter makes allusion; but simply to
fit up rooms for the purpose of receiving copy-
right matter, which is required to l>e transferred
from the office of the Secietury. of State to the
officc of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. LETCHER. The end of nil this is, that
we are going to have another department.
The question was taken; and Mr. Fettit's
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KE1TT. 1 move to amend, by inserting,
after the word " building," in lme two hundred
and twelve, the words:
'< And preparing foundations for a portico to ttie same
So that the clause will read:
Fill enmpli-tinj the frectimi of the north front of tilt;
Patent Office building, and preparing foundations for a
portico to the same, grading and paving streets around the
the same, inclosing front yards and improving court-yard,
$50,000.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the amountasked
for this portico ?
The CHAIRMAN. The ariieridjnent does not
increase the amount.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to know what the
appropriation for it is to he hereafter. I do not
want to be responsible for future estimates for
this. I want to know what this is to cost. It
will cost something. That is perfectly certain.
Mr.-KEITT. There is no doubt about that;
but I cannot state theamount.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I think the House
ought to understand its business better than to go
thus blindly into expenditures.
Mr. KEITT. I know nothing about it, except
that I am informed it will add to the symmetry of
the building. I believe it will cost about#100,000.
Mr. LETCHER. Then why not increase the
appropriation ^00,000, and let the country see
who is responsible for the expenditure?
Mr. KEITT. F6r this simple reason that the
money is not needed now, and the Treasury is
not in a condition to pay it.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I apprehend that the
amendment ought not to be here. Let it be put
off till the money is needed. We are asked here
to vote in the dark, without having information.
Thus we are goingon, day after day, authorizing
expenditures and handing over legacies to those
who come after us. If the money is not needed
now, and is not to be appropriated now, let the
whole thing be left to the next Congress.
Mr. KEITT. I do not think the appropriation
is needed now; but if it was authorized before
the completion of this work, the portico would
cost probably $25,000 less than it otherwise will.
The question was taken on Mr. Keitt's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend by insert-
ing between the lines two hundred and twenty-
seven and two hundred and twenty-eight, as fol-
lows:
For the completion of the four eastern sections of the east
wing, that will complete the hospital edifice, $76,111.
This item was contained m the estimates as-sent
from the Department. 11 was passed over inform-
ally by the Committee of Ways and Means, with
a view to see if the work could not be deferred
without detriment to the public service. Since
that time we have not had an opportunity to take
up the question. I understand, however, from
the best authority, that by going on with the
work now, there will be an absolute Saving of
$10,000. This institution is not only a credit to
the Government, but is the only one within my
knowledge where the building has been erected
within the estimates, and where the strictest econ-
omy has been practised.
Mr. BURNETT. I fully concur with what
the gentleman from Michigan has said m refer-
ence to the management of this building. 1 think
it has been managed with economy, and that the
gentleman in charge of it has done eveiy particle
of his duty. But 1 do not concur with the gen-
tleman from Michigan as to the necessity of this
appropriation now. I think it can be dispensed
with.
Mr. HOWARD. The cellar is dug, and they
have arrangements made for making brick. Ittm
assured by Doctor Nichol, that if he can have the
money before June, I860, there will be a large
saving effected.
Mr. BURNETT. I think the work can be
postponed; but I will not detain the committee
further.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to reduce the
amount to $40,000. I understand, in conference
with some of these gentlemen, that they can get
along very well next year, with that sum.
The question was taken on Mr. Letcher's
amendment to the amendment, and it was agreed
to
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Howard as amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WHITELEY. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line two hundred and thirty-
six.
For completing the Washington aqucduet, $250,000.
I do riot wish to make a speech on this sub-
ject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise a
question of order on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order. It is not germane to
the bill. .
Mr. EUSTIS. 1 move to strike out lines two
hundred, and tfiirty-se'ven and two hundred and
thirty-eight, as follows:
" For United States Capitol extension, $400,000.'*
I do not desire to detain the committee with any
remarks. I \frill only say that;I shall be prepared
to vote for this appropriation whenever the House
is prepared to restore the appropriations which
were stricken out this afternoon, for the comple-
tion of the custom-houses at Charleston and New
Orleans. If we have not money enough in the
Treasury to complete.the public .buildings at
Charleston and New Orleans, I do not see where
we can get money enough to complete the public
buildings in the city of Washington.
The gentleman from the Accomac district of
Virginia [Mr. Garrett] states the question fairly
and squarely, that we must either cut down the
expenditures of the Government or increase the
taxation, either by a change of the tariff or a loan.
For my part, I say that, if we have expenses, we
must meet those expenses. We have no. light to
dodge the expenses of the Government. We have
agreat Government, involving enormous expend-
itures; and I am prepared to vote any amount of
money that may be hecessary to meet these ex-
penses. And I say that the completion of our
public buildings is a legitimate source of expense;
and I, for one, am prepared to meet it. I do not
care whether it be by an increase of the tariff or
an additional loan.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to say, that when
this matter came before the Committee of Ways
and Means they were unwilling to recommend
any appropriation for this purpose until they had
communicated with Captain Meigs, who has the
matter in charge, and had learned from him the
amount necessary to complete the work. The
sub-committee (the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Howard] and myself) addressed a letter lo
Captain Meigs, to which he made a .reply, in
which he reiterated that the estimate that he pre-
sented in 185fi, of $2,800,000, would be sufficient
to finish the work. He asked for $500,000 in ad-
dition to what had already been given him. The
committee thought that he could g;et ulont; this
year with $400,000, and that, perhaps, if the ap-
propriation was cut down to that sum, he would
see the necessity of completing the work with it.
They therefore proposed to give him $100,000
less than was asked for by him. The sum ap-
propriated is "a small one for the completion of
the building, and, as I said before,ithas the merit
of.being within the original estimate.
Now, the gentleman from Louisiana will par-
don mfc for saying that, as I understand the prin-
ciple on which he objects to this appropriation, it
is something like that of the dog in the manger.
Mr. EUSTIS. I do not care what principle
the gentleman calls it; but if this Government has
not got money enough to finish the public build-
ings in the cities of New Orleans and Charleston,
I should like to know where the money is to come
from to finish th« public buildings here.
Mr. PHILLIPS. We have just that much
more money which we save from those buildings
at New Orleans and Charleston.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 move to strike out "$400,000"
and insert " $100,000" in lieu thereof. I have
no speech to make on the subject.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I oppose the amendment
pro forma.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the clause proposed to be stricken out, by
adding to it the proviso which was added to the
appropriation last year; which is as follows:
Provided, Tint none of the money hereby appropriated
shall he expended m the decoration and embellishment
ot'the Capitol extension by sculpture or paintings, unless
the same shall have been approved by the art commission,
authorized by the act of 12th June, 1858, in the manner
stated m said act.
Mr. LETCHER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that that amendment is altogether unne-
cessary.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from'Kentucky to modify his amendment by
"adding the words ""by American artists."
