1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
411
Mr. Harris, wrapped in a dressing-gown, came in
from an adjoining room. He looked the picture
of a dying man. His manly form appeared as it
was always borne; but his pallid countenance, his
sunken cheek, and the unusual luster of his eye,
betokened to my mind the near and sure approach
of the hour of death. I'took him by the hand, and
in obedience to that impulse of the human heart
which, upon such occasions, compels the conceal-
ment of apprehension or alarm, while stating ray
hope for his immediate recovery, I accompanied
my remark with some expressions indicating my
belief that his situation was not such as I had
feared. He pressed my hand in return,and plac-
ing upon me his deep and dark eye, said, with a
manner and bearing I have not the power to de-
. scribe, and which my memory can never forget:
"You need not deceive me, sir; I am perfectly
conscious of my condition. X know that I can-
not live but for a little time, at any rate; and I am
ready at any moment." I sought to cheer him.
He replied that he was not in despondency; that
his wife and little ones at home were alone the
source of his anxiety; that, as for death, he was
ready to meet it then, or at any time. He said ;
a few words touching the engrossing subject of i
public interest, in respect of which our opinions
accorded; and 1 retired from lus apartment with I
feelings I had never known before. For I had ;
stood for the first time in my life in the presence ;
of a man who, I am sure, was not afraid to die. i
Whatever was the degree of physical courage with j
which nature may have endowed our friend—and j
his life attests that it was far above the ordinary
standard—I think I can with confidence assert
that no living man could have deported himself j
as he did,to/io was not sure that he had settled with j
his God the entire account of the acts and errors ;
of his life. * j
Mr. Speaker, our colleague was a man of un- j
questioned talents, and of refined and intelligent
education. A son of New England, it was in
one of her beautiful valleys where he was first |
taught those principles of human conduct which j
the sons of New England carry engraven upon i
their hearts, ill whatever spot upon the earth's]
surface their lot may be cast—principles to which i
they constantly defer in hours of difficulty and '
doubt—and which become at times more familiar j
and more endeared as the evening of life draws j
near. . !
He was a man of nerve and of daring. Follow j
him from the humble home where his youth was
nurtured to that great State whose honor and ■
whose fame he upheld upon the field and m the
halls of Congress, and every step in his career is
signalized by the exhibition of all the graces of
honorable manhood. And when we see him, im- i
pelled by that adventurous spirit which some-
times overleaps the barriers of Ordinary prudence j
and seeks the country's honors on their broader ■
fields, surrender the trusts of a profession in
which hehad alreadyacquiiednotundistinguished ■
fame, to march beneath the banner of his country,
and expose himself to the dangers and hardships
of war, till ho had sowed the seeds of that disease
which has torn him from her councils ere youth 8
first flusR was scarcely flown—how true it seems
that I
"It was bis own genius pave tlie final blew.
And helped to plant the wound thai laid him low."
He was kind and generous as he was brave.
Like our venerated colleague from Mississippi,
who was his companion in arms, his companion
in this Hall, and who is now his companion in
the grave, warm and strong sympathies bound
him to his fellow-men. Like his noble compeer,
wherever he saw the torch of civil liberty borne
by weak and struggling hands, he would go to the
rescue, indifferent alike to its honors and itshaz-
ards.
He was a statesman, as was his friend by whose
side it was also my fortune to sit while he too lent
the last labors of his life to the service of his coun-
try. I have often thought, Mr. Speaker, that
traces of similarity marked the characters of those
two men. Both were northern men. Each was
a model of the true Representative of the Ameri-
can people. Each was conscious of his dignity
and mindful of his prerogative. Either could break
asunder the chains of party when, in his judg-
ment, the pressure of its discipline partook of
tyranny or partook of wrong; and neither would
yield of his own convictions to the opinions of
others. Presidents and cabinets, parties and men,
were each and all powerless when they would re-
strain their constitutional freedom or control their
personal independence. The presence of such
men, Mr. Speaker, in the councils of the nation,
in my judgment, rendered our liberties more se-
cure.
Mr. Speaker, I am unable from personal obser-
vation, to say whether Major Harris was or was
not, in technical phrase, eloquent m debate. But,
sir, I have observed sufficiently, to know" that he
possessed in an uncommon degree two of the
essentials of human eloquence, namely, sincerity
and truth. His reasoning was straightforward
and direct. It disdained all the ignoble arts of the
seeker for popular applause. His endeavor was
to find the truth, disrobed of the prejudice and
error which often environ it, and his pursuit was
uniformly crowncd with success. He saw its
"beautiful cdifice lift before him, bearing the im-
press of its high and holy origin. That edifice,
Mr. Speaker, is ever simple and unadorned. No
deformities mark its fair proportions. No mis-
placed columns keeps its transcendent beauties
from view. And when the eye first rests upon it,
one can no more doubt the architecture to which
it belongs, than the first morning when the scaf-
folds all removed, the morning light for the first
time fell upon the temples of genius and of art?
Mr. Speaker, I will comment no further upon
those excellencies of mind and heart and charac-
ter, which invaluable as they were to his country
and to those who survive him on this field of his
fame, are now lost to earth, save as grateful re-
membrances to those who inherit his honors and
his name. But I am involuntarily borne to that
western State where his gentle wife mourns with
keener and peculiar grief, the loss of our colleague
and friend. But I forbear—for our affliction is not
to be mitigated by the contemplation of that which
the providence of God has poured upon his young
and defenseless household. Nor will we tarry by
that fresh-made grave, where, by the side of chil-
dren who have gone to Heaven before him, our
colleague rests from the love and the labor of life.
For there
" No maible marks his couch oflowly sleep ;
But living statue? there arc seen to weep.
Afiiiction's scmblance bendi not o'er ins tomb ;
Affliction's scit'deplores lus eaiiydooin."
Mr. Speaker, I second the resolutions.
Mr. LAMAR. Mr. Speaker, the kind allusions
that have been made to' the memory of my late j
colleague, General Quitman, may seem to re-i
quire from me a lesponse equally kind and cor-
dial. But, sir, apart from the piomptings of a
returning courtesy, the impulses of my own henrt i
forbid my allowing this occasion to pass without >
placing on rccord my estimate of the high quali- j
ties, both mental and moral, which distinguished
the character of the gentleman whose death has j
been just announced. |
The incidents of his youth were unknown to ;
me until tliey were detailed here to-day by his ,
colleague; for my acquaintance began with the (
fully-developed and matutely-ripetied man, in the :
j full fruition of those high honois which he had
earned on the tented field and in the national coun-
I cils; and which, allow me to say, he wore with >
j becoming grace and dignity, and with increasing
I reputation. I had supposed, however, that his
' elevated style of thought, his polished taste, his ;
flowing courtesy of manner, above all, his moral
refinement, were the offspring, as usual, of early
! mental culture. If, therefore, he sprang from an
j obscure origin, without advantages of position or
' the possession of fortune, it only shows what
native force existed in him.
'• The rank is hut the guinea's stamp,
The man'a tho govva lor a' that."
Through your kindness, sir, I was associated
with Mr. Harris at the last session of Congress
on the Committee of Elections, of which he was
chairman; and a!though, during the progress of
j our labors, many questions arose on which we
I differed widely and felt deeply, from tho begin-
| mng he impressed me as a man scrupulously hon-
' est and upright in his intentions, incorruptibly
i pure in his moral principles, never sacrificing
truth or right for consideration of interest—in
short, a statesman, animated by a lofty spirit of
enlarged patriotism. The condition of his health,
it when I knew him, was such as to forbid any
active participation in the debates of this House,
and therefore gave him no opportunity for any
brilhantdisplay of his oratorical powers. In his
colloquialdiscussions,however, in the committee-
room and elsewhere, I could not fail to discern
the movements of a well-trained and powerful in-
tellect, enriched with varied information, and
gifted with no ordinary insight into the philoso-
phy of politics.
But the feature of his character most to be re-
membered was his moral force—that peculiar,
silent, but vital power of will, which enabled him,
when about to enter upon a career with a- full
conviction of its justice, to pursue it in calm de-
fiance of all opposition. This quality, sir, is per-
haps more essential to successful and'magnificent
efforts than even the brilliant endowment of ge-
nius. That which the world calls genius is often
but little more than the happy facility of expres-
sion—the powerof embodyingin fine words those
choice and subtle thoughts which lie deeply but
inarticulately in the universal consciousness. He,
however, who has this central power of the soul,
this spiritual force, underlying all his other facul-
ties, and imbuing them with its own fiery essence,
cannot well fail of greatness. You need notmeas-
ure tho stretch of his imagination, or the grasp of
his intellect, or the size of his brain. His hand
will be felt on the age in which he lived, and his
influence impressed upon generations yet to come.
This quality of Mr. Harris's character was
most conspicuously exhibited in the last session
of Congress, when his convictions of duty forced
him into a position of antagonism to his former,
political associates, and to the Representatives of
that entire section of our Confederacy to which
he had been endeared by grateful recollections of
common battles fought, of common dangers'
shared, and of common victories won in their
defense. Amid the most agitating scenes of that
memorable session, when the grim spirit of sec-
tionalism dragged forth on this floor its materials
of passion and prejudice and fanaticism and fierce
debate, the pale face of Harris could be seen,
calm, unmoved, but with dauntless courage and
deathless energy, stamped upon its every linea-
ment. If he was ever stung to the heart by the
bitter speech of those from whom he supposed he
had the ri ht to expect only words of kindness,,
he allowed no murmur to escape his lips; but
self-poised in the counsels of his own mind, seem-
ingly oblivious of self, of friend, and of foe, alike,
he marched right on to the attainment of his ob-
ject, doing nothing rashly, nothing doubtfully,
nothing feebly.
This same spirit was exhibited in his fierce con-
flict with that gum monster which had clutched
him ill its inextricable grasp. But it was no ig-
noble struggle on his part for life, merelyfor the
sake of living. Every step of his career proved
that he carried his life in his hand—the pledge of
his truth, of his honor, and of his country's
cause. . .
There is another aspect, however, ill which his
character may bo viewed; and w"lule it lacks noth-
ing which commands our respect, it has much of
that which wins our confidence and love. Mr.
Harris was a man of d.-Ucate sensibilities, of
warm and generous friendship, of refined affec-
tions. He had not alone the courage to fight; but
he had that higher, nobler, more godlike attri-
bute, the magnanimity to forgive.
I should have been untrue to the impulses of a
friendship now rendered sacred, had I failed to
pay this tribute to the memory of Thomas L.
Harris. And, sir, let sneering cynics prate
about the cold formalities of these proceedings;
you know, and we all feel, that this is an occa-
sion of solemnity and sadness. For what friend
of that noble man can think of his death for
one moment without recollections of pleasures
forever fled, mingling with regrets for every.un-
kind expression, for every unjust and injurious
suspicion, and for every opportunity of kindness
neglected? Who, sir, is not ready to sanctny
such an occasion by saying to his fellow-mem-
bers, "if there be one man here whose charac-
ter I have mistrusted, to whose motives I have
done injustice, or whose spirit I have struck an
unnecessary blow, I here confess and beg forgive-
ness?" Nay, sir, may we not even rise higher,
and realize the truth of that beautiful conception
which I have seen expressed somewhere, that in
that bright reversion of the skies, to which all
