1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
• Bat there is another reason why officers of the
Army, perhaps, may well be selected. They are
employed at less expense than the same skill and
taste could be obtained from private life. I am
told that the gentleman whose whole time has
been devoted to the construction of this building
has received from the Government not one dollar
more than he received as captain of the engineer
corps. Now, the services of a civilian woKld
probably have cost the Government many thou-
sand dollars more per annum.
Mr. MORGAN. It is very evident that we
shall do no more business to-night; and I move
that the committee do now rise.
Mr. DEAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Loyejoy and
Barr were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 38, noes 86. *
So the committee refused to rise.
The question was then taken or Mr. Avert's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend lines two
hundred and thirty-nine and two hundred and
forty, by striking out " $150,000," and inserting
in lieu thereof " $50,000," so that it will read:
For extension of the General Post Office,$50,000.
This post office building has cost §1,277,052 71.
We have heard a great many encomiums upon
Captain Meigs, and upon his superintendence, and
upon military superintendence generally. Now,
my recollection is, that the original estimate for
the post office extension, as made by the archi-
tect, Mr. "Walters, was $650,000; and I under-
stand that it was proposed by private contractors
to construct the building for $525,000; and yet
we have expended $1,277,052 71 upon it.
Now, $50,000 will protect this building from
decay, Und enable them to go on slowly with the
work. 1 offer the amendment in good faith, and
I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. GROW. X am opposed to the amendment.
We have had this question of military superin-
tendence discussed in every Congress since I
have been here.
Mr. MORRILL. The statement of the gen-
tleman.from Kentucky is incorrect. Only $900,000
has been appropriated for the post office exten-
sion.
The question was taken on Mr. Burnett's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. PETT1T. 1 am instructed by the Joint
Committee on the Library to offer the following
amendment:
Strike out the following clause:
" For procuring manure, took-, fuel, and repairs of bo-
tanic garden, to be expended under the direction of the Li-
brary Committee of Congress, $1,500."
And insert in lieu thereof:
For procuring manure, too!?, fuel, and repairs, purchas-
ing trees and shrubs for the botanic garden, to be expended
under the direction of the Library Committee of Congress,
$2,300.
Mr. Chairman, it will be seen that that in-
creases the amount by the sum of $800. The ex-
penditures and improvements for the botanical
garden are, by law, placed under the control of
the Joint Committee on the Library. At the
commencement of the present session of Con-
gress, that committee presented estimates for the
amount which they considered necessary for the
next fiscal year. For some reason, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means reduced those estimates.
This amendment is to restore the amount to the
original estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I am instructed by the Com-
mitiee of Ways and Means to offer the following
as an additional section to the bill:
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, Til at the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury do allow, m the adjustment of the
accounts of Peter Lammond, df-huismg clerk of the Inte-
rior Department, tlie sum of $'531 77, paid to A. G. Coch-
rane.
I will briefly state the object of the amendment.
Mr. Cochrane, who is now, and has been for some
time, the clerk of the Committee of Ways and
Means, was employed, as I conceive, in violation
of law, to execute a particular job of work in the
General Land Office, by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, or rather by his chief clerk,
Mr. Wilson. Without knowing, as is alleged, that
the clerk of the Committee of Ways and Means
had become a permanent office, he contracted with
Mr. Cochrane for this service. He performed
the service, and the money was paid to him on
the certificate of that officer, indorsed by the Com-
missioner. When the accounts of the Land Of-
fice, however, came to be adjusted at the Comp-
troller's office, the First Comptroller held that Mr.
Cochrane, being a permanent officer, had no right
to receive any other compensation from the Gov-
ernment for any other service; and, on that ground
rejected the voucher in the adjustment of the ac-
counts of Mr. Lammond, the disbursing clerk.
The object of this amendment is to direct that the
account shall be allowed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state,
that if the question is made, he would rule the
amendment to be out of order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move the following as an
additional section to the bill:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That it hereby is de-
cfared to have been the true intent and meaning of the third
section of the act entitled " An act making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1858," approved
May 4, 1858, to legalize all allowances of the last House of
Representatives, whether by resolution of said House, or
by authority of its Committee of Accounts, and to author-
ize the payment of the same.
Mr. BURNETT. I raise the question that that
amendment is not in order.
Mr. NICHOLS. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on his question of order. If the com-
mittee will allow me two minutes I can satisfy
them that the amendment is right. There is a
very strong necessity for the adoption of this
amendment; and I think that it is wrong to raise
any question of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to debate. The ques-
tion of order i3 not debatable; and I insist on my
question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to rule the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
out of order.
Mr. NICHOLS. Very well; with all due re-
spect to the Chair, I take an appeal from that
decision, and ask for tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Nichols and
Keitt were appointed.
The committee divided, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 72, noes 57.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment decided to be out of order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I submit the follow-
ing amendment:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That to defray the bal-
ance in full of the expanses incurred of a geological recon-
noissance of Oregon and Washington Territories, under-
taken in the year 1851, under instructions from the Depart-
ment of tile Interior, including cost of preparing maps and
other illustrations, and for the analysis of coals, soils, and
minerals, $8,074 70 is hereby appropriated.
Mr. RUFFIN. I make a point of order on
that amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the amend-
ment any relevancy to any part of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman moves it
as an independent section at the end of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It has no more
relevancy there than at any point of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the
amendment to be out of order, because it has no
relevancy to anything in the body of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STANTON. Has not that amendment
been ruled out of order once before!
The CHAIRMAN. It was.
Mr. STANTON. And when an appeal was
taken from the decision of the Chair, was not
the decision of the Chair sustained?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I now offer it as an
additional section of the bill. I call for tellers on
the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. ICelsey and
Davis, of Indiana, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 78, noes 46.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the committee.
Mr. TALBOT. I move the amendment I send
to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BLAIR. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. TOMPKINS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; arid Messrs. Bliss and
Vallandigham were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 49, noes 84.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. TALBOT. I offer the following as an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
And bs it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be,
and he is hereby, authorized and instructed to sell, on the
first Tuesday in September next, at public auction, on the
premises, to the highest bidder, for cash, all the property at
Harrodsburg, Kentucky, known as the Western Military
Asylum property, and convey the same to the purchaser:
Provided, That the said property shall not sell for les<< than
$30,000; and pay the proceeds of said sale into the public
Treasury of the United States. And aH laws, or parts of
laws, now in force, prohibiting the sale of said property, be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I shall be
compelled respectfully to appeal from the decision
of the Chair. I trust the committee will overrule
the decision of the Chair.
The question was taken on the appeal; and the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. VALLAND.IGHAM. I now offer the
amendment that was offered by my colleague
[Mr. Nichols] a few moments ago.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rales the
amendment out of order, on the ground that, un-
der the form of declaring the intent and meaning
of a law, it proposes to change a law.
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. REILLY. I offer the following amend-
ment, as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the act entitled "An act to
reduce the duty on imports and for other purposes," passed
the 3d day of March, 1857, be, and the same is hereby, le-
pealed; and the act entitled " An act to reduce the duty on
imports and for other purposes," passed the 30th day of
July, 1846, be, and the same is hereby, revived ; and the
duties on imports shall, from and after the 1st day of June
next, be levied nnd collected in accordance with the pro-
visions of said last-mentioned act: Provided, however, That
all articles imported free of duty under the said act of 1857
shall be imported free under this act.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a question of order
on that amendment. It is not germane to this
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. REILLY. I-appeal from the decision of
the Chair; and I ask for tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were not ordered.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire, now,
that this bill shall be laid aside, to be reported to
the House,in orderthatwe may take up- [loud
cries of "No, no!"from the Republican side of
the House.] Hear me for one moment. [Re-
newed cries of "No, no !"]
Mr. GROW. We have been here twelve hours
and a half, and that is long enough.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not propose
to detain you at all. I merely want to have the
mail steamer appropriation bill taken up and read
by its title, so that it will be in order to close de-
bate on it in the House. [Loud and continuous
cries of " No, no !"] Then I move that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that-the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly bill of the House No. 713, making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th June,
1860, and had directed him to report the same to
the House with sundry amendments, and with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the
previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
REPORT OF SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, submitted a re-
port in writing from the select committee ap-
pointed to investigate the accounts of the late
