1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
418
discharge of duty, were more needed and will be
more missed than those of General GUiitman and
Major Harris.
Eat Major Harris, Mr. Speaker, was not only
a resolute man, an able debater, and distinguished
statesman, but a true-hearted patriot and soldier.
He was ready to serve his country on the field of
battle, as well as in the national halls of legisla-
tion. And when but a few years ago the clarion
note of war roused every patriotic heart, he was
among the first to rush to thc'loved standard of
his country, in defense of her rights and her
honor. And during that brilliant contest with the
Mexican foe, when American skill and valor were
so gloriously displayed, Major Harris shone
most conspicuously as a true & nd gallant soldier.
And it was m that memorable war that the seeds
of his disease were fhst laid, whose bitter fruit is
an untimely death.
In pausing, Mr. Speaker, in our legislative du-
ties, to pay that respect winch is due to the much
lamented dead, may these.sad and touching occa-
sions, not be withoutaprofitable lesson to us all.
In truth, their highest benefits are to the living,
and not to the dead. No eulogy, however feeling
or eloquent, can ever reach the leaden ear of death,
or call back that vital spark which once lit up and
animated the mortal frame.
" Can stoned urn, or animated bust.
Back to its mansion ca!l the fleeting breath?
Can honor's y>.-ice piovoke the silent dust.
Or llatteiy sooili tiie dull cold ear of Ueatl) "
Let, then, these solemn and impressive occa-
sions remind us, the living, more forcibly of that
all-important truth, the uncertainty of life and
the certaiaty of death—death lht<t comes at all
hours and, at all seasons.
"Leaves have their time to fall,
And floiveis to withei at the north-wind's breath,
And stais to set; but all—
Thou hast ail seasons foi thine own, O death ! "
And whenever the season of our departure
comes, whether in winter's frost or summer's
heat, in the discharge of private or public duty,
at home or abroad, may we be ready to leave this
life with all our duties faithfully performed, at
peace with the world and our Maker.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker,
on this mournful occasion when we are engaged
in paying the last sad tribute of lespect to a de-
parted associate in this Hall, I should not do jus-
tice to my own feelings, if 1 failed to bear at least
some brief testimony to the many virtues of the
deceased. I trust I shall be pardoned for the
oblation.
But a few years ago, I met Colonel Harris for
the first time, in the House of Representatives,
vigorous, buoyant, and active in the busy scenes
of life. Another very short period, and I mingled
with him on a still more exciting theater, where
I had the pleasure of hearing him, in rapturous
strains, pronounce a warm and eloquent encom-
ium on the brilliant services of a living brother
soldier whose glorious warlike deeds he earnestly
recounted, and whose further distinction he was
then anxious to promote.
Both then in full life; now, alas! numbered
with the countless nations of the dead !
A few days since this Chamber was vocal with
grateful offerings to the shade of the illustrious
Ctuitman, and the memorable incidents in his life
were most feelingly portrayed.
The scene had again changed; but the voice of
his former eulogist was silent. Alas! we now
commemorate his merits and dwell with melan-
choly pleasure upon his manly virtues ! The in-
domitable Gtuitman and the gallant Harris are
both forever gone. How admonitory such strik-
ing illustiations of the uncertainty of human life !
Colonel Harris, although a distinguished citi-
zen and favorite of another State, was connected
with the district that I have the honor to repre-
sent by the nearest and dearest of social ties.
Besides, he was well known to a considerable
portion of my constituents, to whom he became
endeared by the frankness and kindness of hi?
manners, and who will long and fondly cherish
his memory.
In my own intercourse with him I found him
courteous and agreeable, and I but give utterance
to the impulses of my nature in sympathizing with
his warmest friends in their bereavement.
How evanescent, shadowy, and gossamer-like,
are all the pursuits, purposes, and calculations of
mortal man ! How vain, and yet how fair! But
irreversible ami fast-fixed by the throrie of God
aje the decrees of fate.
The frail human body is but animated-dust,
which, disunited from its godlike occupant, the
soul, perishes and dies, whilst the existence^the
promethean spark, the soul itself, runs parallel
with the immortality and perpetuity of God Al-
mighty himself.
This is a consolatory reflection, considered in
reference to departed friends. How elevating the
thought, which, in the goodness of God we may
entertain, that the disembodied spirit of the la-
mented Harris, although forever separated from
the turmoil of this life, is in that upper and better
world-, more congenial to its full development;
where fre^d from the incumbrances of mortality,
it may forever mingle, in its pure essence, amid its
unclouded and resplendent glories, and infinite
and unfathomable mysteries!
The question was then taken on the resolutions,
and they were unanimously agreed to; and there-
upon (at two o'clock and five minutes, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
- IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 18, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. John Lanahan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in obedience to law, a plan and
estimates for reducing the expenses of the collec-
tion of the revenue of the Government; which,
on motion of Mr. Stuart, was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the 7th
instant, a list of all the vessels, of ail kinds, be-
longing to, or employed in connection with, the
Navy of the United States, together with a list of
fill the officers of the Navy, with their compensa-
tion, together with his opinion whether the num-
ber of such officers, or their compensation, or that
of tiny class of them, can be reduced without in-
jury to the public service; which was, on motion
of Mr. Mali.cry, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs; and a motion by Mr. Hu.n to
print the repot t was refeired to the Committee on
Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretaiy of the Navy, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of April
13, 1858, the report of the officers appointed by
him to make the examination of the iron, coal,
and timber of the Deep river country, in the State
of North Carolina; which was ordered to lie on
the table; and a motion by Mr. Mallory to print
the report was referred to the Committee on
Fun ling.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CL1NGMAN presented the* memorial of
J. 1\ C. Davis, on behalf of the owners of the
schooner E. S. Rudderow, which was wrecked
on the coa^t of Florida while freighted with Gov-
ernment stores, praying indemnity for the Iohs of
the vessel; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Asa
Sprague, and others, of the State of New York,
praying that persons entitled to pensions under
the act of 24lh of April, 1816, may be allowed
the same from the date of that act; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mi. 1VERS0N piesenteda memorial of certain
Cherokee Indians and their descendants, praying
to be allowed the benefits of certain treaties made
between the United States and the Cherokee na-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
* REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. Gl) giving construction to the act entitled
"An act to extend an act entitled ' An act to
continue half pay to certain widows and orphans,'
approved February 3, 1853," approved June 3,
1858; reported it without amendment, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committeemen 'terri-
tories, to whom was referred-the bill (S. No. 498)
for the relief of the city of Omaha, in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska, reported it without amendment,
and adversely.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred a resolution
instructing the Committee on Naval Affairs to in-
quire into the expediency of providing for the
construction of a supply of steam engines suitable
for the propulsion of vessels of war, in order that
the Government may at all times have in depot a
supply of such engines adequate to probable
wants, whenever the occurrence of war shall ren-
der necessary a rapid and large increase of the
Navy, submitted an adverse report, which was
ordered to be printed.
CATALOGUE OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. HAMMOND submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
conscnt, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Committer on Punting be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of craping to b.j published,
immediately after the close or ouch ye--ion ot Congress, a
catalogue of all the documents and books, additional copies
of which have been ordered by the Senate.
CONTINUANCE OF POSTAL SERVICE.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following; res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Rondo be m-nrueted to rcpoit as to ibe e.MK'diency of pio-
vidms by leyi-lation for tin; continuance of the po-tal ser-
vice between Charleston and Havana, as now conducted,
alter the 30tii of June next.
PURCHASE OF CUBA.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following; reso-
lution; which was considered by unartimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That Iho President of the United States be re-
queried, it" in his opinion it tie not incompatible with me
ptihiie mtoie^t, to eunimuuicate to the yr>-i;uc any and ail
correspondence between lit*1 Government of the United
States and the Government of hei Cathohe M-ijt'-ty, relat-
ing to mi}' proposition tor the put chn^e of the Inland ot Cuba ,
winch coire&pondence has not been furnished to either
Mouse of Congieas.
PRINTING OF REPORTS.
Mr. YULEE. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration by the Sen-
ate:
Resolved, That the Committee on rimtin? be instructed
to inquire into the expemenev ol providing lor the puutmiz,
in advance of tiie d.iy appointed for the .>-toiahhng of Con-
gro^s, of the repoits of the heads of Departments accompa-
nying the annual message of the Piet-idr.it omimn? there-
poits of in ad^ of biue.tn- and othei npjjrnucd matter not
material to the tibial lcgi.-lation of the season.
This is a resolution of inquiry to a committee,
and the occasion of its introduction I will state to
the Senate. Up to this moment, tta session be-
ing more than half expired, the committees of the
body are not in possession of the reports of the
heads of the Departments. The committee with
which I am associated find it impossible to pro-
ceed to the consideration of m.Uen.il matter con-
nected with the legislation of the Senate for the
want of the report of the Department with refer-
ence to wboF-o business their attention is more
paiticularly en^ag"(d. We have made very con-
siderable dibrt to procure it, without success as
yet, and but five or six weeks lemam of the ses-
sion. Upon inquiry, i find that the probability
is, we shall be delayed a week or two yet before
we can receive it; and it is because the leportsof
the Departments alone v. ill make four volumes of
seven hundred pj'£  j of p  in ted matter, the greater
pait of wbkh is without any utility, will never
be read or referred to, and can be ot no possible
use m the legislation of the? body. I have ob-
tained from the Superintendent of Printing a list
of documents appended to the various reports;
and amona; them I find a document nlainvj; to
camels, the use of dromedaries, &c.; and a vari-
ety of other documents ot as little use to the prac-
tical legislation of the Senate, in the printing of
which all the mnteiiai matter conm-ctcd with the
annual Executive message is del tyed from reach-
ing the hands of the committees.
To remedy an inconvenience of the same na-
ture to the legislation of the body, a resolution
was passed on the 7ih of January, 1846, directing
the printing, in advance of the convocation of Con-
