414
THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
gress, of the annual estimates; and a similar law
was passed in 1850, for the printing of the report
on commerce and navigation. 1 see no reason
why the reportsof the heads of Departments,with-
out those of the bureaus and the appended matter
which may be material to the legislation, may not
be printed in advance as well as the other docu-
ments to which 1 have referred. The object of
this resolution is to direct the Committee on Print-
ing to inquire into the expediency of such a pro-
vision.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ACCEPTANCE OF PRESENTS.
The joint resolution of the House of Represent-
atives (No. 45) authorizing Townsend Harris,
United States Consul-General at Japan, and H.
C. J. Henskin, his interpreter, respectively, to
accept of a snuff-box from her Majesty the Q,ueen
of England, was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. STUART. I think there will be no ob-
jection on the part of the Senate to passing that
joint resolution now. It is one of the ordinary
character.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which proposes to authorize the
persons designated to receive respectively a snuff-
box from her Majesty the Queen of Great Brit-
ain, as an acknowledgment of valuable services
rendered to her Majesty's embassador, Lord El-
gin, in his negotiations in Japan.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
and was read the third time.
■ Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the resolution. I do not pretend
to make any special objection to this one. 1 op-
pose them nil. I am opposed to the principle of
any officer of the United States receiving any
present from any foreign Power; and I desire to
record my vote against it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The lesolution was passed.
JAMES G. HOLMES.
The bill (II. R. No. 798) for the relief of James
Or. Holmes was read twice by its title.
Mr. RE1D. The Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office have examined this case and
repotted upon it, and 1 ask the indulgence of the
Senate to permit it to be put upon its passage.
Mr. F1TZPATR1CIC. 1 desire to know of
my friend from North Carolina if this is for a
renewal of a patent ?
Mr. ltlilD. It merely enables the patentee to
file his application nunc pro tunc, without preju-
dice, which he failed lo do in consequence of the
(sickness of himself and family at the proper time.
It is a small ni.liter, and the committee have unan-
imously repot ted in favor of it.
Mr. PITZPATU1CK. 1 dislike to interfere
with matters of that kind, but I have uniformly
voted against all renewals of patents. It involves
a question of some importance.
Mr. CHESNUT. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will withdraw his objection. It is a
question of very small matter, but it is one of pe-
culiar merit. It is not often that a patentee from
South Carolina appears here, and I hope lie will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I simply wish to state
that, on principle, 1 am opposed to all renewals,
and 1 shall vote against the bill. At the solicita-
tion of my friend, however, I shall say no more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator !
object to tlx consideration of the bill?
Mr. FlTZb'ATRlCK. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it is before
the Senate as m Committee ofthe Wholejand the
Secietaiy will read the bill.
The Secretary read it. It is intended to pro-
vide that Jami'f G. Holmes, who obtained a pat- ;
£nt for an tmprovi ment in " chairs for invalids," !
dated September 24, 1844, for fourteen yeaia,
which has now expired, shall be authorized to ■
apply to the Commissioner of Patents for an ex- ;
tension of his patent for se^ven years, under the i
ruies and regulations now ill force for the exten- j
sionof patents, as if huliail made application pre- ]
vious to its expiration as required by law; and i
the Commissioner is directed to investigate and
decide the application for extension on the same
evidence and in the same manner m other appli-
cations for extensions-are decided; but theappli;
cation-for the extension must be made within
thirty days after the approval of this act, and the
decision of the Commissioner must be rendered
within ninety days from the filing of the applica-
tion in the Patent Office. Nothing in this bill is
to be so construed as to hold responsible in dam-
ages any persons who may have manufactured
chairs containing the patentee's improvement, be-
tween the expiration of the patent and the appro-
val of this act.
Mr. YULEE. Is there any report accompany-
ing the bill ? If so, I should like to hear it.
Mr. RE1D. If the Senator from Florida will
listen to me for one moment, I will state briefly
the principle of this case. Mr. Holmes, the pat-
entee, applied verbally to the Department to re-
new the patent some twelve or eighteen months
before the patent expired; but he was then in-
formed that his application could not be enter-
tained so long before the expiration of his patent.
Just before the expiration of his patent, he in-
tended to come on here and file his application;
but his family became sick, which prevented him
from doing so; and he subsequently became sick
himself. He, however, sent on to his attorney
here to file the application; and the application,
as his attorney informed him, was just, ten days
too late. Although the patent had not expired,
the time within which application should have
been made had expired ten days. The conse-
quence was that he could not file his application;
and he only wishes to file it now, nunc pro tunc,
withoutprejudice, that the Commissioner may in-
vestigate the case; and if be was entitled to an
extension, then that ho shall bo still entitled to it;
but if* he was not entitled to the extension then,
he will not be entitled to it now. It is because he
was sick and could not make his application that
the committee have thought proper to allow him
to file his application now, as he would have had
the right to do then.
Mr. YULEE. That is all very well, Mr. Pres-
ident, if it presents the whole case; hut 1 will in-
quire whether the Patent Office has been applied
to for information on the subject, because there
may be another side to the question. This man
has had the patent for fourteen years, and an
extension to twenty-one years is a long time.
Mr. RE1D. The committee applied to the
Commissioner of Patents upon the subject, and
have had all the evidence which it was possible
for them to have; and several days ago the Sen-
ate committee reported this? identical bill. The
House bus taken up and passed the same bill,
and 1 am satisfied it is proper.
Mr. IIALE. I hope this bill will pass. In
the first place, I am very much in favor of the
article that is patented. It is an easy chair. In
the second place, South Carolina tioubles the
PatentOffice but very little; and I think it would
be very ungracious to oppose this application from
South Carolina now. I hope it will pass.
Mr. REID. Certainly; for I bulicvS the Pres-
ident of the Senate has in his room the very chair
invented by this gentleman.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, from the House of Repre- j
sentatives, were severally read twice by their titles
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 788) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to grant a register to the schooner
William A. Hamill—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A bill (No. 783) to compensate the State of New
Jersey for the use of the court-rooms for the
United States court in the State-House at Tren-
ton, in said State—to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill in relation to the ,
printing of postbills, blanks, printing drafts, &c., ;
of the Post Office Department. j
AMENDMENT OF RULES.
Mr. GREEN gave notice of his intention to j
move the following, as an additional rule for the
Senate:
Rule No. —. All questions relating to the priority of
business to be acted upon, shall be determined without
debate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. IVERSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
515) to amend the judiciary acts in relation to
service of process^in certain cases; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POLK, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 514) to establish an assay office in the city
of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
RESTORATION OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a joint resolution (S. No.
71) authorizing the President to restore certain
officers of the Navy to their former placcs; which
I wish to have iead,and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY. Lot it lie over. I object to
its consideration, and even to its reference at this
time.
Mr. HALE. What is the objection of the Sen-
ator from Florida ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator ob-
jects to its further reading at this time, or refer-
ence.
Mr. MALLORY. If the objection will prevent
its reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs
to-day, I make the objection; if not,it can go.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection had
that effect.
INDIAN ANNUITIES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
Affaiis, to whom was referred the Bill (S . No.
503) authorizing the President, with the consent
of any Indian tribe, to expend their money annu-
ities for educational, agricultural, and other ob-
jects, that will best contribute to their prosperity
and advancement, have instructed me to report
it back, with a recommendation that it pass. I
will ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
consider this bill now. It is a bill having forits
object one single act only. It is plain in its pre-
visions, and so obviously necessary that I pre-
sume there will be no objection at all to it. Its
immediate passage, too, is one of urgent neces-
sity. I hope 1 shall have the consent of the Sen-
ate to consider the bill now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
tin- bill, the object of which is indicated by its
title.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
J. B. DE TREVILLE.
Mr. CHESNUT. Yesterday, I submitted a
resolution which, by reason of an objection, could
not then be acted on. I move that that resolution
be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was adopted, as follows:
Raolved, Tliat the Secretary of the Senate he directed
to reijuest the Court of Claims to return to the Senate tiis
petition and papeis of the hem, of Captain J. B. De Tre-
v;lle.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senate to take up the
resolution of inquiry, submitted by me a day or
two ago, in relation to Mr. Bntterworth.
Mr. POLK.. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair still calls
for reports from committees.
Mr. POLK. If reports are all through, I have
no objection to the consideration of the resolution
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the resolu-
tion I indicated.
Mi. GWIN. I want to move to take up the un-
finished business, in order that we may go through
with it to-day, and dispose of the Pacific railroad
bill. I hope the Senator will permit us to take it
up at this moment, and have a vote to-day. Iam
very anxious to dispose of it. It lias been for
some time before the Senate.
