1496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
tm ajgreementat the .time the Senate went into ex-
ecutive session, that committees would be permit-
ted to report. It is true* the Senator ^ays that he
wajs nott* party to the, agreement, but it was so
anierstdod On the part of myself ami others, or I
would not- haye Voted for. going; into executive
session. 1 desire to clear my desk of reports.
The VICEjPRESf DEjNT, His moved to post-
pone the special order for the purpose of taking
up the foil (£>,. No, 582) for the relief of Arthur
Edwards'and his associates.
The motion was-rrot agreed to. *
ClVtt, APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that ihfe
House had passed a bitt (Ei. R. No. 713) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the*30th of June,
i860; which, on motion of Mr. Hunter, was
read twice by it£ title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had insisted upon its disagreement to certain
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H, R. No.
711) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses °f the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of J*une, 1860,
and upon its amendments to certain other amend-
ments of the Senate to the said bill disagreed to
by the Senate, and had agreed to the .conference
asked by the Senate upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon*, and had appointed
Mr. G&pbge S. Houston, Mr. Israel Wash-
burn, apd Mr. IIjiNHY M. Phillips, managers
of the same on its part.
A subsequent message announced that the
House had appointed Mr. William B. Maclay
a manager at the conference on the bill (H. R.
No. 711) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1860,
in the place of Mr. Henry M. Phillip*, excused.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed nn enrolled bill (S. No, 506) to au-
thorize the enrollment, registry, and license of
certain steamboats or vessels owned by the Buf-
falo and Lake Huron Railroad Company; and it
was signed by the Vice President.
HOUSE BILL PAUSED.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a hill (H. R. No. 887) granting a pen-
sion to Mary J. Harris, widow of Colonel Thomas
L- Harris, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President this day approved and signed
an act (S. No. 506) to authorize the enrollment,
registry, and license of certain steamboats or ves-
sels owned by the Buffalo and Lake Huron Rail-
road Company.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
87^) making appropriationsfor the service of the
Post Office Department, during the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1860.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the amendment offered by the Senator from
Florida, to add certain sections to the bill.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. We struggled for a long
while to get in an amendment which embraced an
increase of postage, wall a view to make the Post
Office Department self-sustaining. Itwassentto
the other House, and now the Senator, who 1
supposed to be in favor of if, introduces a propo-
sition which surrenders that. Of course, the
House will understand that we regard this as the
more valuable part. Everybody throws over-
board, when a ship is likely to sink, what is least
valuable. They will understand that the Senate
attaches very little weight to the proposition in-
creasing the postage.
Mr. IVERSON. Will my friend from North
Carolina allow me a moment?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly,
kMr. IVERSON. We are now acting in Comm-
ittee of the Whole. Let us take the amendment
! without the eighth section being in, and then,
'when the bill js reported, to "the Senate, w.e can
incorporate the eighth section into it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I yield to that suggestion.
Tonly meant to give a reason why 1 should vote
against this amendment; but I am willing to let
it pass in committee, and take the chances in the
Senate.
Mr. YULEE. Last night we reached a late
hour; and there was an expectation entertained,
and a hope upon my part, that we would be able
to dispose, without discussion, or very briefly, of
the amendment which I proposed. 1 yielded at
j that time to what appeared to be the general sen-
: timent of the Senate, and the desire of those of
1 the friends of the general measure of reform which
■ we had adopted, who expressed any desire upon
i the subject at the time. Being now satisfied that
j the general sense of the friends of reform requires
of me a different course, I propose^in the amend-
ment which 1 offered to the eighth section, to re-
new the amendment as it was; and for that pur-
j pose 1 withdraw the amendment which I had
i proposed, and renew it in the shape in which I
j oiiginally offered it, including the eighth section.
| It will then be in the power of any gentleman who
i may desire it, to move to strike out the eighth
! section.
| Mr. HALE. -I raise a question of order on
1 that. The amendment that has been offered by
j the Senator from Florida has been acted upon, and
: a portion of it has been stricken out by the Sen-
1 ate on the yeas and' nays.
; Mr. YULEE. The Senator is mistaken in fact.
I I withdrew the eighth section. •
i Mr. SIIWMONS. It was renewed by the Sen-
ator from Georgia.
Mr. HALE. It was renewed and voted upon
by yeas and nays.
Mr. IVERSON. There was a motion to amend
it, and it fell on the yeas and nays. It was my
motion. I moved to insert the eighth section,and
upon the yeas and nays the Senate voted against
! the insertion. Of course, there was no amend-
i ment tnade,and the Senator from New Hamp-
' shire is mistaken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rf.id in
the chair.) The Chair thinks, the amendment
| offered by the Senator from Georgia being voted
! down, that the Senator from Florida may adopt
lit as a part of his amendment notwithstanding.
It will not be the same proposition that was voted
down. It embraces the other matter, and is, there-
fore, not the proposition upon which the Senate
voted. 4
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am not satisfied with
my vote on that amendment last evening. I voted
"no," I should desire to change my vote and vote
for the amendment. I therefore move tiie recon-
sideration of the vote by which that amendment
was excluded.
Mr. BIGLER. That is the right way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Florida offers that again this morning.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He cannot do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He offers it
in an amendment which embraces other proposi-
tions.
Mr, CRITTENDEN. I stand upon the record
as voting against that amendment. I want to vote
for it, and therefore move the reconsideration.
Mr. YULEE. Well, that will do n.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the vote rejecting the amendment offered by
the Senator from Georgia be reconsidered.
Mr. POLK. I call for the yeas and nays on
that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. H is not in order. It has
been docided here again and again, and always
decided, that when a bill is in committee it is not
in order to make a motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair be-
lieves that the Senator is correct about that; and
unless there is unanimous consent, it cannot be
done.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There are too many
rules here obstructing business. 1 have saved
myself the trouble of learning the rules of order,
and saved myself, also, the possibility of being
drawn into these interminable discussions upon
them.
Mj\ BIGLER. If the Senator from Florida
\yill withdraw his amendment entirely, and allow
the bi]l to eopae ijnto the Senate, then it would be
perfectly competent for him to offer it in any shape
he pleases. Then he could move the amendment
which was rejected lust night. That would cer-
tainly be the shortest way of getting out of this
difficulty. IT he will allow the bill to come into
the Senate, he c^n offer his amendment in any
shape he sees proper, including the amendment
which was rejected last night> and that will give
him the sense of the Senate on the proposition.
Mr. YULEE! What objection is there to the
motion to reconsider the proposition?
Mr. BIGLER. It is claimed by the Senator
from Michigan that it cannot be reconsidered.
Mr, CRITTENDEN/ I do not believe it is
out of order. I have a right to change my vote,
and I have a right also to move to reconsider a
question; but I will not argue it. I never argue
these questions of order. 1 insist that my motion
is in order.
Mr. HUNTER. We can soon arrange the
difficulty. If the Senator will allow the bill to
be reported from the committee to the Senate, it
will then be in order to move any amendment.
Mr. BIGLER. Let the Senator from Florida
first withdraw it, and then we can bring the bill
into the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Move the amendment; and
if it is voted in, you can amend that amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I insist on my motion.
Mr. YULEE. I am willing to agree to any-
thing which will accomplish the object in the
speediest way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the point raised by the Senator from Mich-
igan, that a motion to reconsider cannot be made
in Committee of the Whole, is correct. The prop-
osition can be again voted upon in the Senate, or
voted in a different form—the form which the
Senator from Florida proposes,
Mr. BIGLER. The most direct way would
be for the Senator from Florida to withdraw the
amendment, and let the bill come into the Senate,
and then he can offer his proposition with the
amendment which was rejected last night.
Mr. YULEE. I do not know whether it can
be done in a different way. Does the Chair un-
derstand that it is competent, after withdrawing
this amendment, to propose it in the Senate as an
original amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly it is,
in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. YCJLEE. If so, I am willing to take that
coursc.
Mr. TOOMBS. The amendment cannot be
withdrawn; but I see no sort of difficulty in put-
ting anything in which he wants. The amend-
ment certainly cannot be withdrawn. When a
portion of it has been voted down by a majority
of the Senate, it is not in the power of the mover
to withdraw it.
Mr. YULEE. If it is in my power to with-
draw it, as 1 proposed before, I would renew the
amendment m the form in which I want it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw the amendment, or still offer it?
Mr. HUNTER. Let us vote this down, and
then the Senator can offer it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would ask of the Senator from Florida whether
he offers the amendment or withdraws it?
Mr. YULEE. A vote can be takeninformally,
in Committee of the Whole, and it can be put m
shape in the Senate.
ThePRESlDING OFFICER. In the amended
form ?
Mr. YULEE. If I have a right to offer it in
the amended form, I do so; that will bring it to a
direct vote.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that the Senator can offer it. It embraces
other matters besides that which has been voted
down.
Mr. YULEE. That settles the point. I offer
it now, including the eighth section.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads whether this amendment, as it is now
offered, repeals the franking privilege, or contin-
ues the franking privilege, to the Post Office De-
partment 5
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; it is precisely in the
