1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
Mr. WILSON. In order to accommodate the
Senator from California, I yield £o him until to-
morrow morning. *
Mr, GWIN. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In yielding, as I do, that
- the railroad bill shall be taken up as the business to
be disposed of by the Senate, first in order, I de-
sire to call the attention of the Senate to the first
special order upon the Calendar, and to give no-
tice, that as soon as the railroad bill shall be dis-
posed of, I shall move that that special order and
the subjects which are connected with it may be
taken up and disposed of. I refer to the ease of
Commodore Paulding. It is well known that
Commodore Paulding is prosecuted in the courts
of the United States, in the city of New York,
that suits are pending against him, involving
large amounts of property, and that it is neces-
sary that that matter should be acted upon at an
early day, that the Government may justify the
course of Commodore Paulding, and defend him
against those prosecutions. I yield, however, to
the motion of the Senator from California.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
463) authorizing the issue of registers to the
steamships America and Canada, and to change
the names of said steamships.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed certain enrolled bills, and
they were signed by the Vice President; as fol-
lows:
An act for the relief of Martin Layman;
An act to authorize the President to make ad-
vances of money to Hiram^Powers; and
An act authorizing the issue of registers to the
steamships America and Canada, and to changc
the names of said steamships.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 17th instartt, thefollowingactsand resolution:
An act to repeal " An act to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to change the names of
vessels in certain cases," approved 5th March,
1856;
An act for the relief of Elias Hall, of Rutland,
Vermont; and
A joint resolution for the appointment of two
regents of the Smithsonian Institution.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 65) to authorize the President of the
United States to contract for the transportation of
the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war,
Army and Navy supplies, and all other Govern-
ment service, by railroad, from the Missouri river
to San Francisco, in the State of California, the
pending question being on theamendment of Mr.
Bigler as amended.
Mr.GREEN. I propose to amend that amend-
ment in the twenty-first line of the sixth section,
by adding after the words 4< Postmaster General,"
the words " when he shall deem it proper." If. is
to be added to that provision which requires the
Postmaster General, when twenty-five miles only
of the road shall be completed, to have the mails
carried on it at the ruling rate. It seems to me
that ought to be left to the discretion of the Pres-
ident.  
Mr. GWIN. There is no objection to that.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. GREEN. I have another small amend-
ment to propose; in the twenty-fifth line of the
same section, to strike out after the word " regu-
larly," the rest of that section, and insert, "de-
ducted from the amount loaned by the United
Slates." It provides now that compensation shall
be paid for the service this road may perform for
the use of the Government, and that this compen-
sation " shall be regularly paid fi om the Treasury
of the United States quarterly, or at such times as
may be agreed upon." My amendment will make
it, shall be regularly deducted from the amount
loaned by the United States."
j The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurring on the amendment
fif Mr. BiGLERsas amended, it was adopted, as
oilows:
Strike out the fourth, fifth,sixth, seventh, and
eighth sections of the original bill, and insert in
lieu thereof:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacteds That, in making sard
conu act, it shall be stipulated that said roau shall be divided
into threegrand divisions,to be known a? the eastern, west-
ern. and middle; the eastern and western divisions shall be
five hundred miles in length each, and the remainder shall
be called the middle, division; and paid divisions shall b^ di-
vided into section^ of twenty five miles each; and that, in
consideration of the stipulations and undertakings m said
contract, there shall be, and is hereby, appropriated and set
apart a quantity of lands equal to the alternate sections of
public lands, foi fl>e space of twenty miles on each side of
said toad, and for the fin I extent of the said eastern and west
em divisions, said lands ro be selected trom the sections to
be designated in the public rui veys by odd numbeis, and to
be held and conveyed as herein provided; and in all eases
where the United Slates have disposed of said lands, or any
p<ut theieof, oi jjom any cause cannot convey a legal title
thereto, the deficiency may be made up from any unoccu-
pied and unappropriated public lauds within the distance of
forty miles on . niier side oi said road: Provided, That all
mineral laiuU wuhin the State of California be, and the
sain*' are hereby, excluded from the operation of this act;
and, in lieu theieof, a like quantity of unoccupied and un-
apptopinited agricultural land- nearest to the line of the
road, through said mineial hind*, muy be selected in alter-
nate sections: Provided, aha. That any contract which
may be enteied into shall, before it lakes effect, be submit-
ted by tiie President to the Congress of tho United States,
and shall take.efteet fiom and alter its ratification by act or
joint resolution oi Congress. **
Sisc. Jlml he it furthei enuctcd, That the party with
whom the contract aforesaid may lie made shall proceed
without delay to locate the general rouse of said road, and
furnish a detailed survey and map thereof to the President,
who shrill cau-e the public land-, to the extent of forty miles
on each side of said road, through the eastern and western
divisions, to be suiveyed, and the Indian title thereto to be
extinguished <is soon as practicable. And the provisions of
the act of September, 1811. gtanting preemption rights, and
the acts amendatory thereof, shall be, and the same aie
heteby, extended to the lands thu>> suiveyed, excepting those
herein set apau and appropriated lor the of ^nid road :
Provided. That so soon as a contract is made, in pursuance
of the p>ovis)on< of tins act, for the construction of said
ro.nl, itshall be the duty of the Pic-sident to cause the public
lands, i'm tmiv rude* on each side of so much of said road
as the conti.tctiiig paity shall indicate, to be wnhheld from
settlement, sale, or occupation, until tne land* shall have
been surveyed, and the alternate sections selected as pio-
vnled for in this act.
Sec. 6. JJnd he it farther enacted, That, m making said
contract, it shall be stipulated th.u none of said lands ;irc to
be conveyed lo the cnntiaeting paity until one section of
twenty five miles is completed and in successful operation,
when the Piesulent shall convey to the said contracting
party one hah of the, land peitaming to the section ro com-
pleted, retaining the one hall as <-ecuritvfor the completion
ot the middle division ; and m like manner the President
shall convey to the contracting p.uty one half of the land4-
peitaimna to each section on the eastern and western di-
vi ;khii oi said load until said divisions are finished. And
it shall be lurlher stipulated and provided that, whenevei
one section of twenty-live unlet, ot said middle division is
completed, the President shall convey to the contracting
paity the lands retained on the sections first completed on
tiie eastern division and on the sectirfu tiist completed on
the western division, and so on ui like manner, till the mul-
| die (tvrsion shall be completed, and al! the laud.-* retained on
j the eastern and western divisions shall be conveyed to the
| said contiac in:g party ; and said contract bhall require that
the United States mails shall at all limes be earned on sard
j road.undei the direction and control ot the Postmaster Gen-
| eial, when he shall deern n proper, and all other Govern-
| ment transportation provided for in this act shall be pcr-
| formed under the direction of the proper Depaitments rc-
, speenveh, and the compensation thereior, at the puces
specified in sard < ontraet, shall bo regularly deducted trom
| trie amount loaned bv the United States.
1 Sec. 7. And he U fvrihei enacted. That the Piesideut be,
i and he is hereby, authorized and directed, so soon as one
| section ot twenty-five miles ol said eastern or western di-
! vision is made and put into successful operation, to cause '
i to be issued to said contracting paitv bonds of the United !
I .States, be.Limg not e\et eding five per centum per annum 1
interest; which interest shall be payable semi anuuaih , arid ,
the puncipal payable, nineteen veats from the date ot then ;
issue, to the amount of $10,000 for the eastern, and $13 000 :
for the wester n divi.-mn tor each mile of the same ; and m 1
like manner, when another section of twenty-live miles of
said divisions is made and put into successful operation, an
equal amount of bonds shall bci-sued and d"hveri d to said !
coimaetiiur party, and >-o with each *:neeeediirg section, un-
til tire whole road shall have been completed through said 1
divisions; which sum of money thus advanced, togeiher :
with the mtere-t 'heieon, to bo'iepaid to the Unued States
by the s;ud contracting paity in the transportation and ser- j
vice provided tor m this act; and no compensation, other I
than tiic ]and~ appropriated and bonds authorized to be .is j
su"d bv iliH act, shall be made to the contracting party for 1
tiaiispo'tation and service rendered under their contracts, j
until the value ot such iffinspori.uroii and service siiall be j
e<|ua1 to fie ablegate amount of the principal and interest i
of said bond-** Provided, That all the iron necessary to con- !
struct said railroad, and winch mav compose the track of j
the same, -hall bn of American manufacture i
Sbc. t> And he it further ev.,t<t°Ay That the President be,
and he is hereby, further aun^'nzed and dnectcd, *-o soon ;
on" seenon or twenty fiv-- mil? - of --aid middle divwon ,
shall be completed nd put m s-H(.-ees«fnl operation, tocam-e ;
to be issued to said contiactiug paity bonds of the United i
States, maturing thirty years after their date, bearing inter-
est not exceeding five percemum per annum, to the amount
of $25,000per mile, and so on, in like maimer, for eaelt sec-
tion of twenty-five miles, until said middle division shaU.be
completed; which bonds, together with those hereinbefore
authorized to be issued, shall be a first Hen on said road
from its eastern to its western terminus, and be reimburs-
able, together with the interest, in transportation and mail
service: the bonds issued as hereinbefore provided being
first paid, the whole amount of compensation for service to
the Government shall be applied toward the cancellation of
the principal and interest on the bonds issued on the mid-
dle division, until the whole amount thereof shall be paid
in full. -Provided, That the aggregate a mount of bonds issued
under the provisions of this act shall not exceed the sum of
$34,000,000.
Mr, WARD. I move to amend the bill in the
first section by striking out the words " from a
point on the Missouri river, between the mouths
of the Big Sioux and Kansas rivers, to San Fran-
cisco, in the State of California, on the" most eli-
gible route, reference being had to feasibility,
shortness, and economy;'* and inserting, in lieu
thereof: > -
From some point between the forty-ninth and thirty-
second parallel? of north latitude, to the nearest eligible
point on the Pacific coast, in the State of California, refer-
ence being had to feasibility, shortness, and economy.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to submit to the
Chair, before the vote is taken on that proposi-
tion, a question of order as to whether, after the
Senate adopts a motion to strike out and insert,
it is in order to move to strike out the matter in-
serted and insert other words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Chair will inform the Senator
that it would not be. If a motion to strike out
and insert prevails, it will prevent a subsequent
motion to strike out any part of ihe matter in-
serted.
Mr, SEBASTIAN. Is it competent for me,
then, to move a division of the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not di-
visible. The Senator may move to amend it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have given notice of an
amendment which, at the proper time, I intended
to bring-before the Senate. It is not my object to
discuss the merits of it at all; but I ask the Sec-
retary to read it; and I move to insert the sub-
stance of my amendment in lieu of the provision
proposed to be inserted by the amendment which
has just been moved I'propose it as an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendmentproposed by the Senator
from Arkansas.
The Secretary read it. It is to strike out the
woids " from a point on the Missouri river be-
tween the mouths of the Big Sioux and Kansas
rivers," and insert, "from Fort Smith, on the
western boundary of the State of Arkansas."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ark-
ansas to the amendment of the Senator from
Mr. SEBASTIAN and Mr. SEWARD called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. Is that an amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Texas?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. GWIN. If that is voted in, then it will
come up afterwards for final decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will still be on the amendment as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 3, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Mallory, Sebastian—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, t aic«, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler,
Bright, Bidder it k. Chandler, Clmk, Clay. Chngman, Oolla-
irrer, Davis, Dixon. Doolittle, Doujiia*. Durkee, Fessenden,
Fitch, FitvspatricU, Foot, Foster, Gieen.Gwin, Hale,Ham-
lin, Hailan, Houston, fver-on. Johnson or Tennessee,
Jones, Kir.p, Polk, Pupli, R<iid, Rice, Seward, Shields, Sim-
moii*, tfhdell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jeisey, Trumbull,
Wade, Ward, Wilson, Wriglu, and iTulee—■4S.
Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, had paired off with
Mr. Bayard.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Ward.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "thirty-two," npd inserting
" thirty."
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays.
[" No!" " No!'*] Why no' have the yeas and
nays? I want them simply lor the reason that!
think so important a vote as this should stand
forever; and i wan-t to record my vote.
