416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 18.
The yeas and nays'were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayaid, Benjamin,Brown, Clay,Cling-
man, Cmtenden, Fuzpamck, Hammond, Houston, Tver-
son, Johnson ofTenm^see, Mallory, Rod,Rice, Sebastian,
SJidell, Smart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Ward,
and Ynlec—SI.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Bell. Bigler,Bright, Brod-
erick, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon. Dooliule, -Dur-
kee, Fessenden, Fiteh, Foot, Foster, Gieen, Hale, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Jones, Kennedy, King, Polk, Pugh, Seward,
Shields, Simmons,'Tiumbull, Wade, Wilson, arid Wnght
—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected, and the question recurred on the original
amendment of Mr. Ward.
Mr. GREEN. I propose to amend the pro-
posed amendment of the Senator from Texas.
My recollection of that amendment is that the first
E' art of it is to strike outthe words, "from a. point
etwren the mouth of the Big Sioux and Kansas
rivers." I propose to leave thatpart of the amend-
ment as It is, and then to strike out the last of the
amendment, and insert the following:
" The eastei n terminus of winch "hall be at the most con-
venient and ohgible point on the western bouncinty of the
State of Mifsoun, and with two branches to said mad as
follows: one on thcpouth, commencing not south ot Fulton,
in the State of Aik<in<as; and the other on thcnoith, com-
mencing not noi th of the RigSiouv liver, and all connect nig
at the mo<5t pract'.cabic.point not futther west than 10x1° of
west longitude.:}
Mr. President, I presume the object and inten-
tion of my amendment will strike every one at
once without explanation. It is simply to ac-
commodate all sections of the Union—the center
with the main trunk; the North with the north
branch; (and L am perfectly willing that tho north-
ern SenutoiH shall des.ig.nato their own point for
that-,) th"> South with tho south branch, (and 1 am
perfectly willing lh.it southern Senators shall ac-
commodate themselves with that.) I do not be-
lieve that thiee roads can he sustained, owing- to
the extent of country winch will bo always un-
productive. I .stated the other day that there
must be from five bundled to one thousand miles
of unproductive comitty th.it could not support a
road. I find that that .statement is called in ques-
tion, because five hundred or one thousand con-
secutive rmh s of such land, all in one body, can-
not he found. My statement dtd not go to that
extent. I meant to say that there is a space equal
to five hundred, or from that lo a thousand miles,
that must ever be unproductive. Being thus un-
productive, it affords nothing to support a rail-
road. The great wants and necessities east and
West of it, both for tlx; Government and for com-
mercial inteiefcts, will justify the Government in
assisting in the construction of the road. When
you get eastward and westward, let it radiate so
ns to arrommodate nil sections of the Union.
These thtee butni'heR may be supported because
they williun thiough a country affording some-
thing to sustain a road, This presents the whole
case, and it needs no atgument to illustrate it. I
ask (or the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie oidered.
Mr. fcJfllELUS. If I understand the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Missouri, it
will not, as it is wotded, give a northern road;
nor do I understand it exactly us giving a south-
ern road. It is only one road with two branches.
If tho honorable. Senator will change his amend-
ment so that it will give us a northern road, com-
nu neui<r Irom a point of departme on the western
boundary hue <>f :V] nmesota, and terminatingany-
wheie be chooses at the Pacific; and a southern
roed, commencing wheie it is intended on the
western line of Texas, and terminating where lie
pleas-s on the Pacific, I shall vote for U. i
Mi. GREEN. The colleague of the Senator j
from Minnesota has an amendment, of which he ;
has gneti notiee, providing for three distinct 1
roads; three through roads, i before remarked I
that I did not believe the character of the country j
would justify Ihteo roads, nor would the wants ■
of the Government justify us in assisting m their i
construction; but i do believe they will justify j
one road. That une 1 want to make as central to j
business and population as we well can. Asa !
matter of necessity, theie will be a little diverg- ;
once, depending on the topography of the conn- '
try. The termination, however, on tho Pacific is
a fixed iact in the bill. So of the termination on
the east. 1 want it reduced to a certainty, so that
nobody will even be able to imagine a doubt.
My amendment will limit the eastern terminus
of the mam trunk of the road to the State of Mis-
souri. * ^
It may look selfish in me to offer such a prop*1
osition; and, but for tho fact that my State is so
favorably situated, surrounded by good sisters
North and South, I should hardly nave the hardi-
hood thus to present it. Then, the main trunk
being central, the route of the road of course will
depend on the surveys and the topography of the
country, the advantages and the disadvantages of
the various lines being considered; for I do not
regard it as very material m the interior what
route is taken, provided it be the best, but the
termination I do consider material. Its accommo-
dation to the Governmentand th^peoplc depends
upon its termination. Thus, having the main
trunk central, and a northern branch running
some two hundred and fifty miles before it con-
nects, it may start from any point that northern
Senators prefer. I have named in my proposed
amendment the mouth of the Big Sioux, because
I believe that would point in all directions in the
North. So of the southern branch I have pro-
posed, commencing not further south than Ful-
ton, for that will pointin all directions to southern
cities and southern communities, thus accommo-
dating all. I think now the Senator will under-
stand precisely the scope and objcct of my
amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think I do understand it.
I think I understand that the honorable Senator
is pretty well satisfied with a great central route
that will start from the western pait of Missouri,
and will be better satisfied if he can get a south-
ern route and a northern route starting from the
western part of Missouri too. That is his idi-a,
as 1 understand it; but for my own part, I repeat
what I said at first: I am willing to go for a cen-
tral route starting from the western part of Mis-
souri, that is, a fair central route; or I am willing
to go for three routes, a centta! route, a south-
ern route, and a northern route; but I am not ex-
actly prepared to go for a central route that has
two branches, both from the western part of Mis-
souri.
Mr. GREEN. I expressly remarket] that I
was willing to have the northern branch located
by the Senator himself, and the southern branch
by any of the association of southern Senators.
Whatever they agree on, 1 shall be willing to carry
out. I expressly give a latitude which excludes
the idea of confining tho branches to the State of
Missouri, and if you want to designate a partic-
ular point, I am willing to do so, and say the
mouth of the Big Sioux shall be tho northern
point. So of the southern branch; i um willing j
to say Fulton, Fort Smith, or whatever point is
preferred by southern Senators, shall be ltsterm-
"'Mr. DOUGLAS. I think 1 can make a sug-
gestion that will obviate the difficulties between
the two Senatois. A grant ot land has already
been made for a raihoad from St. Paul to sub-
stantially the southwest corner of the State of
Minnesota. Now this branch, proposed by the
Senator from Missouii, fiom the mouth of the
Big Sioux, would leave a gap of some forty or
sixty miles between the mouth of that river and
the southwestern boundary of Minnesota. If he
will insert in the amendment, instead of " the
mouth of the Big Sioux," "the southwest comer
of tho State of Minnesota," it will accommodate
my friend from Minnesota; or say 14 a point on
the western boundary of Minnesota." This will j
save that gap of forty or sixty miles, not now '
provided for by the amendment. 1
Mr.GREEN. To acconimodateSenntorsI will
change my proposition for the northern termi- 1
nation by striking out " tho mouth of the Big 1
Sioux," and inserting whatever they agree upon. ;
Mr. SHIELDS. Say " Breckinridge, in Alin- :
nesota."
Mr. GREEN. I should object to going up so
far as that. I should not object to going up to i
the southwestern boundary ot Minnesota; but it !
would not do togo up so far as is now suggested. ;
The mouth of the Big Sioox would suit me;* 8tnd ]
to connect with the southwestern corner of Min- j
nesota would suit equally well; but I should hot j
be willing to let it run clear up to the forty-ninth 1
parallel; for I do not think that would be treating j
the roads of Iowa and Illinois quite fairly. j
Mr. SHIELDS. Will not the honorable Sen- !
ator be willing to let us take the line which has
been surveyed bj? the Government—the northern
line—which has befen ascertained to be practica-
ble by exploration and survey? Give us a real
bona fide northern route, if we are to have one. I
do not expect we are to have any. We have a
railroad grant extending from St. Paul to Breck-
inridge. Let us continue that road on to the Pa-
cific. I shall be satisfied with that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator wants a bona
fide northern route, the branch proposed by the
Senator from Missouri and the provisions of his
amendment will not accomplish that object at all.
A bona fide northern route would be from the
western border of Minnesota, say the town of
Breckinridge, which he has designated, being at
the junction of the Bois de Sioux river with the
Red River of the' North, or the Ojibway, as it
should propeMy be sailed, and thence to Puget
Sound. If we are to make three roads, that should
certainly be one of them. I am by no means cer-
tain but that the proposition which has been made
by the other Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.RiCE,]
for a giant of land on three roads, setting apart
the alternate sections for railroad purposes and
granting preemption rights at a nominal price on
the other alternate sections, would be the best
proposition—I am not certain but that I shall voto
for that as a substitute for this. Then, one of tho
roads ought to start where the Senator from Min-
nesota [Mr. Shields] indicates; but if we are to
take only one route and that a central route, the
branch that goes north to Minnesota should run
so as to accommodate the raihoads in Iowa and
Illinois and further east, and I cannot conscnt to
turn that branch into a northern road to the ex-
clusion of myState. The proposition, as the Sen-
ator from Missouri has it, suits ourinterests very
well. It does not quite accommodate those of
Minnesota,and I am willing to modifyit so that
it shall accommodate Minnesota, by going to her
southwestern boundary, and running a straight
line; but ll you take a different route and make a
crooked line, I cannot consent to it.
iVlr.PUGil. It seems to me that this amend-
ment rc&lly makes the bill worse in its very worst
feature. It has been conceded on all hands that
it will take all tho money we can give, and a great
deal more, to make the main stem of this road
through the desert and the mountain passes. Yet
the proposition now before us is to make two
branches precisely where we*do not want them;
that is, where Senators have said they do not
want them; where there is no interest for the Gov-
ernment to trive u cent towards them. They will
be made. The road from Missouri westward to
the hundred and second meridian will be made,
and the road from Minnesota will he. made to the
junction, and so will the road from Arkansas.
These aie roads through Kansas and Nebraska,
where the land is valuable; where men will build
it for the alternate sections. Why give them
$10,000 per mile to build these roads ? We do not
want them. What we want is the stem; an^ the _
effect of this proposition will be to make three *
roads,at the expense ofthcGovernmcnt, through
the fertile country, and not to have the part of
Hamlet at all. I shall therefore vote against the
amendment; and if it is carried I shall certainly
vote against the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Mc^rs. Brodenek, Fuel), Green, Johnson of
Arkau^N, Mailosy, Folk, R:ce, Seln^tun, and Wade—9.
NAVo—Allen, Uavard, Boll, Benjamin,
Biglei, I.ngnt, lirown. Chandler. Che^mu, Cta;k, Clay,
Chn:rman, JDavi*, Dixon. Doobule. Duikee, Fesnendeii,
Firznani''k. Foot, Fo^iei, Gwm. Tl.ii", fiamhri, Hammond,
Hailan iI>m-aon, Uuntor, Ivei-o i. Johnson of Tennessee,
Jone , Kennedy, [ting, Pugh, Iloid, Seward, Shield*. Sim-
mon- Hiifjcji, Stuaitj Toombs, Tiumbull. Ward, Wilson,
and Wujit—-15.
So Mr. Grbf.n's amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Ward.]
Mr. SEWAIID. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is
to strike out, in lines seven, eight, and nine, of
section one, the words:
"Fiom a point on the Missouri river,between the mouth
of the Big Sioux and Kan.^a^ uve)>, to Suu Fianci&co, in
the State of California, on the rno t eligible route, refer-
ence being had to feasibility, shortness, a«d economy."
