THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Office Department, approved. March 3,1825and that the
fourth section of the act approved July 57, 1854, entitled
" An act making provision for the postal service In the State
of California, and m the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington,"be, mid the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. —. Jhul be it- further unacted, That this act shall go
into effect on and after the 1st day of July, 1859.
Mr. FOSTER called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to inquire whether this
is a proposition to raise the rates of postage?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is in-
cluded in the amendment.
Mr. BR0DER1CK. I wish, before the yeas
and nays are called, to explain why I wish to
change my vote. I have voted with the friends
of high postage, and am still willing to raise the
postage to fire cents; but I do not intend to jeop-
ard the passage of this bill in the other House
by inserting the amendment in the Post Office ap-
propriation bill. For that reason, I shall vote
against the amendment offered by t^e Senator
from Florida.
Mr. FOSTER. I trust that all persons who are
in favor of both, what they call reforms, are in
favor of each by itself; and, if we cannot carry
both, I trust all those who are in favor of carry-
ing both, would prefer to carry one rather than
lose both. As the Senator from California has
suggested, I have no doubt that if the Senate in-
sists upon both these points—that is, upon abol-
ishing the franking privilege, and raising the rates
of postage, we do nothing, we lose both. I think
we can accomplish the abolishing of the franking
privilege by law, and that is, 1 believe, all we can
do this session. I do not believe it is necessary
to raise the rate of postage; but, if it be neces-
sary , I do not believe it can be carried. I hope,
therefore, all who are m favor of both these re-
forms, will not endeavor to press both to the rum
of both, but will insist upon one which we can
pass without trouble.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I voted under a mis-
apprehension yesterday against raising the post-
age. I am in favor of raising the postage, and
I am in favor of abolishing the franking privi-
lege. It is a matter for the chairman of the com-
mittee to decide whether he will encumber his
Post Office bill, making appropriations for the
maintenance of the Post Office, with amendments
making general and important regulations in re-
gard to the Post Office. It would be inconsistent
with the opinions 1 entertain, if I wore to vote
against either of these amendments, and therefore
I shall now vote for them both.
Mr. YULEE. In reply to the suggestion of
the Senator from Connecticut, 1 would say that
this is not the time at which the Senate may be
called upon to determine whether they will insist
on this amendment. We shall be able to judge
by the action of the House whether there is so
decided a majority against the particular reform
which relates to the Tetter postage as to require a
concession on the part of the friends of reform, to
that desire and purpose of the House. We have
ample time; we have three days. We shall be
able to test the sense of the House. There seems
to be a divided opinion in the House as to the
state of it. There are many who have expressed
to me an opinion that there is as decided a ma-
jority in favor of raising the rates of postage in
the House, as there is in favor of abolishing the
franking privilege, and many in favor of raising
the rates of postage were opposed to the abolition
of the franking privilege. I think we may very
properly present the reform we propose m the
shape in which we prefer it, and when we come
to find a difference between the opinion of the
House and that of the Senate, we may upon con-
ference determine how far it may be possible
upon one side or the other to yield. 1 think, there-
fore, we may very safely, in view of the fact that
we have three days yet remaining for action,
adopt the amendment in the form in which it is
now proposed.
Mr. CLARK. I would be in favor of the
amendment abolishing the franking privilege; but
I am not in favor of increasing the rates of post-
age. Therefore, if you insist upon offering &n
amendment to this bill embracing both those prop-
ositions, I do not know how I shall vote. I no
not want to vote against abolishing the frankmg
privilege; I will not vote for raising the postage;
and which way shall I vote on this amendment?
Mr. FESSENMJN. Vote against both*
Mr. CLARK. Then I shall be subject to the
imputation of having voted against abolishing the
franking privilege,
Mr. FESSENfiEN. Never mind that.
Mr. CLARK. I knoty I may do so; but I de-
sire to vote for one and against the other. If I am
put to it, I suppose I shall have.to vote against
both. I make the suggestion.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not'think the Senator
from New Hampshire, or anybody else situated
like hkn, ought to have any difficulty or trouble
about it. He has already put himself upon the
record in relation to abolishing the franking priv-
ilege; and if he votes against this proposition, it
will not affect his character, I apprehend, upon
that subject, at all. But, I trust, this amendment
will prevail, and that the bill will go to the House
of Representatives with this important provision
in it, not only abolishing the franking privilege
but raising the postage to five cents.
It is said that we are going to jeopard this bill
by sending this amendment on it to the House of
Representatives. Sir, I would rather' that, both
propositions should fail entirely than that we
should give way upon this important question. If
the House of Representatives refuse to concur'in
our amendment so far as relates to the raising of
postage, they can strike it out; the bill will come
back here, and then it will be for the Senate to de-
termine whether they will take the bill with the
amendment stricfen out by the House of Repre-
sentatives, or adhere to thatamendment and force
the House of Representatives to let the bill fall.
For one,I would be willing to sit here until the 4th
of March before I would yield an inch upon this
subject of raising the postage. I would let this
bill fail entirely before I would give way upon that
subject; and what if the bill does fail ? It only
appropriates money for the benefit of the Post
Office Department; and if the bill fails, it will re-
duce the Postmaster General to the necessity of
curtailing the mail service within the bounds of
the receipts of the Post Office Department. That
will be all; and that will be accomplishing a very
great reform, in my opinion.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman will in-
dulge me a moment. The Postmaster General
cannot get at the postage unless the bill passes.
It is in the Treasury, and he cannot get it with-
out an appropiiation.
Mr. IVERSON. Very well; take it to that ex-
tent. 1 would rather it should fail and break up
the Department, and let everybody send their let-
ters as they choose in the best way, than yield
upon this point. I hope the amendment will be
adopted; and that if the House rejects our amend-
ment, we will stick to it.
Mr. HALE. I do not desire to make any ex-
tended remarks on this subject; but I think it does
not become us, upon^n appropriation bill to ap-
pend a legislative enactment of this character, and
then talk about forcing the House. Sir, if we put
ourselves in that position, we put ourselves in a
wrong position; because such legislation as this
does not legitimately come within the fair scope
of legislative action and discretion, and is not just-
ified by putting such a measure as this on, be-
cause this is legislation on a simple appropriation
bill, a thing that has been objected to over and
over again. When we talk about forcing the
House, we should remember that the House may
talk about forcing the Senate. I, for one, hope—
the House are not here, and do not hear what
either of us say—but I hope the House will not
bend a hair. They are the Representatives of the
popular sentiment upon this subject, and popular
sentiment is against this rise. It does not grow
out of the necessities of the Post Office. It grows
out of the prodigality and mismanagement and
mislegislation of these bodies. It is our fault. If
we had administered the Post Office Department
as it was intended to be administered, and made
it a legitimate matter for the conveyance of letters
and newspapers, we should never have got into
this difficulty; but now, having brought the coun-
try into this condition, by wastefuland improper
legislation, and extravagant mismanagement on
the part of the Department and Congress, both
together, we turn around and undertake to saddle
our constituents, and load the people; and then
talk about forcing the Representatives of the peo-
jj pie to our standard. Sir, let us begin the game of
|j force, and we will find where it will end. I tell
I) you, when this Senate undertakes to play the game
of fofce against the people, and the Representa-
tives of the people, we have entered on a contest
in which we carinot, and ought not to, stand.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not rise to prolong this
debate; but only to state that it seems to me we
have at last reached nearly, if not quite, the cul-
minating point of evil in reference to passing legis-
lation upon appropriation bills. I was always
satisfied it must end in this. We have been lately
going on, abandoning the legitimate performance
of our duties in the passage of acts apart from
appropriations to carry laws into execution. Now
we have arrived at a point in which the two
Houses are brought in collision; and that eter-
nally will be the effect of it, unless we go back to
what used to be the former practice, and the le-
gitimate practice: that when a law was proposed
in one branch for the government of the country,
within the powers of the Federal Constitution, if
the other branch refuses to pass that law, the re-
sponsibility rests before the people, founded upon
the propriety or impropriety of the measure, le-
gitimately upon the House that rejects it. But,
under this system of forced legislation, where is
it to end? For my own part, 1 incline to the
opinion that we had better, if we can get along
under existing laws, determine resolutely never
to place any species of legislation upon an appro-
priation bill, and thus lead to results which lam
satisfied from this bill we have been approaching
for a long time, and which we have now arrived
at, upon which we should be obliged to recede.
Mr. YULEE. There is no idea of forcing the
House. It is not proposed to force the House.
It is only proposed to afford the House an op-
portunity of voting upon the measure which we
propose in connection With the Post Office appro-
priations.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ? Have not the House had
a direct vote on this question during this year?
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; they have not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Why not give them a
chance ?
Mr. YULEE. The reason is this: thij.course
into which the Senate has been almost driven in
its practice of many years past of proposing, in
connection with the appropriation bills, the re-
forms which they consider necessary in the ad-
ministration of the Government, has been im-
posed upon them by the obstruction which the
rules of the House impose upon the regular course
of legislation. I will state frankly, now, the con-
dition of this measure in the House, and the pro-
priety, on the part of the Senate, of affording to
the House, on that measure, an opportunity of
voting on the legislation which we propose.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads reported, at an early period of the session,
a bill which, we supposed, contained important
and valuable reforms in the administration of one
of the Executive Departments ofthe Government.
Thatwasupon the tableofmembersof the House,
as well as of the Senate; and they were, there-
fore, fully informed upon the subject, and had the
opportunity to prepare their minds upon the
points of reform which the Senate designed to pro-
pose. In due season, we passed the bifl. We sent
it to them; but, in consequence of one of the rules
of the House, which requires all bills containing
an appropriation to go to the Committee of the
Whole, it has gone into the Committee of the
Whole, and cannot leave that without a two-thirds
vote ofthe House. Now, it is impossible to expect
a two-thirds vote upon any controverted measure,
and thus the principle of a majority competent to.
legislate, competent by the Constitution to legis-
late, is overruled; their opinion and their judg-
ment will be held at bay; and an important reform
prevented because of the obstructions, in the way
of an opportunity to vote, which the rules of the
House impose. Now, what we propose is, to
afford an opportunity of voting. If the House
disagree with us in the reforms that we offer, we
may either recede, if they disagree altogether, or,
if they disagree in part, we may counsel with
them as to the modifications, either on the part of
the Senate or House, which may be due to wise
legislation; but I hold that Senators who object
to general legislation upon bills of appropriation,
to general legislation germane to the subject of
appropriations, object without, as it seems to me,
entirely good reason.
It seems to me there is every propriety in at-
