418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Rice's amendment to the amendment, re-
sulted—yeas 9, nays 43; as foliows:
XEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Brown, Doolittle, Fitch, Mal-
Jory, Rice, Shields, Stuart, and Toombs—9.
NAYS-^Messrs. Allen, Bates,Eayaid, Bell,Bigler, Brod-
*>r ek, Chandler, Chesnut, Clark, Clay, Chngman, Ooila-
mer, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Douglas, Durkec, Fitzpat-
ri,ck, Foot. Foster, Green.^ Gwin, Hale, Hammond, Harlan,
Houston, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Jones, King, Polk, Pugh, Rcid. Sebastian, Seward,
Simmons, Stale!!, lYumbuH, Wade, Watd, Wilson, and
Wright—43.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Ward.
The question being- taken by.yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bates, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Brown,
Chesnut, Clay, Olmgman, Davis, Fitzpatrick, Hammond,
Houston, IJuntei, lverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Mallory, Polk, Reid, SebaHian, Shdell,Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, and Waid-—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bigler, Bright, Brodcrick. Chand-
ler, Clark, Collatner, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Duikce,
Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green, Gwm, Hale, Har-
lan, King, Pngh, Rice, Sewaid, Shield.-;, «iiiunon>, Stuait,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wnght—30.
So the amendment was rejected,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I design to offer two or
three amendments to the bill, the first of which is
in relation to the lands that are reserved for rail-
road purposes; the second is as to the alternate
sections, the even numbered sections; and the
third is in relation to the security which the
Government of the United States is to hold for
the moneys advanced. The first amendment is
in section five to insert the word "that"in the
eleventh line between excepting" and44 those,"
and also to insert after the won! " road" in the
twelfth line, u shall not be subject to settlement
at preemption at loss than $2 51) per acre," and
after the word " settlements" in line seventeen,
to strike out sale," and to strike out all of the
section after the word " occupation" m the sev-
enteenth line, so that the clause will read:
" And the piovisions of the act of September, 1811. grant-
ing preemption lights, and the acts amendatory thoieof,
shall be, and the same are hereby, extended to ihe hinds
thus surveyed, excepting that tbo^e heiem set apait and
apptopriated lot the use of s>aid load '-hall not be subject to
settlement at preemption at less than ,%-i ,">U per acre: Pio-
vided, That s-o soon as a eontsaot is miido in puiMiance of
thf provisions of tins act, for the construction of-.au! road,
itshall be the duty of the President to cause the pubtie land*
for torty miles on each side of  u much of haul load as the
contracting party shall indicate, to be withheld fiom settle-
ment or occupation."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is that amendment in order?
I understand that the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Bigler] offered, as an amendment to the
bill, after the third section, tp strike out four or five
sections; and that amendmenthas been adopted.
The fifth section, offered by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, having been amended, has been
adopted; and now the Senator from Wisconsin
proposes to go back to that section and amend it
again. Is that in oider?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stttart.)
The Chair inquired of the Secietary whether the
amendment was offered to the original bill or to
the matter which has been inserted on the motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania. If to that
amendment, it is not in order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If to the original.bill, it
cannot be in order, because that has been stricken
out. If to the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, it cannot be in order, because that
has been already amended and adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not amend-
able at this time. The amendment is not in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If this amendment be not
in order, I shall olfer the same amendment when
the bill comes back to the Senate; but 1 have an-
other amendment which I propose to offer, and
that is, to add certain additional sections after the
sixth section of the bill, wh.ch has been already
amended by the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania; the substance of which is to apply
the provisions of the homestead bill, as pending
before the Senate, to the even-numbered sections
for forty miles on each side of the road.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that the sixth section of the original bill
was also stricken out,
Mr. DOOLITTLE, This is* to insert matter
after the sixth and before the seventh scction.
Mr. BIGLER. The seventh section was also
stricken out. •
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I propose to add it
after the ninth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment; which is to add, as an additional section:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That any person who
is the head of a family, and a citizen of the United States,
who. shall have declared his intention to become a citizen
of the United States according ro law, shaH, from and after
tjie passage of tlrs act, be entitled to enter one quarter sec-
tion of vacant and unappropriated public lands, or a quan-
tity equal thereto, to be located in a body, in conformity
with the legal subdivisions of the public lands, and after the
same shall have been surveyed, upon the even-numbered
sections, within forty miles of said raihoad route, excepting
the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections in each township
reserved for school purposes: Provided, That the-person
applying for the benefit oftlns scction shall, upon application
to the i egistci of the land office in which he or she is about
to make such entry, make affidavit before the said register
that he or" she is the head of a family, and that it is bona fide
his intention to settle and make his or hei homestead upon
the same; and upon making the affidavits above required,
and tiling the affidavit with the register, he or she ^hfill there-
upon be permitted to enter the quantity of land already spe-
cified: Provided, hottecer, That no certificate shall be
given, oi patent issued therefor, until the cxpnution of five
years fiom the date of s-uch entiy : Jlnd provided further,
That if, at the expiration of such time, the pen-on making
such entiy, or if he be dead, his widow, or in case of hei
death, his liens or devisee, oi in ca^c of a widow making
&uch entiy, her heirs or devisee, in ease of her death, shall
prove, by two credible witness, that lie, she, oi they, have
continued to rc.-ide upon and cultivate said land, and still
jeside upon the same, and have not alienated the same, or
any part thoieof'; then, in such eas-o, he,she, or they, t,halj
be entitled to a patent, as m other ca«es piovided for by
law: Jlnd provided fmthcr, In ca«o of the dentil of both
father and inothei,leaving an infant child oi c'tildien under
fourteen yeais of age, the light and the fee shall mure to the
benolitoi said child or ehildicn; and the executor,adminis-
trator, oi guaidian, may, at any tune within two yeai?. alter
the death of the suivivui" parent, sell said land for the ben-
efit of said infants-, but for no other purpose; and the pur-
chase! shall acquire the absolute title by the pujchare, and
be entitled to a patent tiom the United States.
Mr. PUGU, (before the Secretary had con-
cluded the reading of the amendment.) I suggest
that it is unnecessary to read that amendment.
The Senator has told us that it is the homestead
bill. 1 am in favor of the homestead bill, but I
do not want to put it in this bill by way of a rider.
You might just «s well add the Loul « prayer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The leading
can be dispensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
will be continued.
Mr. PtTGLT. We have heard it several times.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania Has aright to have the amend-
ment read. 1
Mr. BIGLER. I withdraw the objection. I
intended to objcct to the amendment, not to dis-
pensing with the leading of it.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. TheChairhears
no objection to dispensing with the reading of the
amendment. The question is on agreeing to the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to de-
tain the Senate, but I regard this amendment as
a very important one. I look at it in a very dif-
ferent light from the Senator from Ohio, who re-
gards it as a lider intended to defeat the bill, as I
understood hint.
Mr. PUGII. I did not say it was intended to
defeat the bill, but I thought it had no connection
with the hill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is the very pro-
vision that will build this road. If you wiil give
to actual settlers every other scction on the line
of the road across the continent, you will settle
the country; people will flock there. If you give
one hundred and sixty acres of land to every man
who will go and settle upon it, you will have a
population along the line of the road by the time
the road is built, and something for it to do to sus-
tain itself. I believe the very best way to build
a road across the continent is to give away at least
one half the lands to those who will go and settle
upon them. I am in favor of the homestead bill,
as applied to all our public lands, and especially
as applied to thC lands along a railroad route to
the Pacific. We have had some little experience
in the building of railroads in Uiinois 
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator allow me one
moment? I am disposed to raise a question of
order on this amendment. It was impossible to
hear the reading distinctly, and I amSiot certain
that it is in any way connected with the railroad.
If it is an independent proposition to attach to
this bill the homestead bill which is now pending
before this body,
such a motion is in order. It has no connection
with the subject; it is not germane to it; it is en-
tirely dissimilar, and a very important subject;
quite as much so as the railroad. It is proposed
to put it on here as an amendment in the shape
of a singfe section. I raise the question of order
for the consideration of the Chair.
the PRESIDING OFFICER, The Chair over-
rules the point of order. It is competentTor any
amendment, to be made to a bill, even to add an-
other bill on an entirely distinct subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that it is en-
tirely germane to the bill. This bill provides for
a certain disposition of the public lands along the
route of the road, and surely nothing can be more
appropriate, or more clearly in order, than to pro-
pose to make a different disposition of them. This
is a provision to give away the alternate sections
of the public lands to the actual settler—a very
valuabl'e provision, and one which will insure the
building of the road, in my judgment.
I was about to say that we have had some little
experience in Illinois in regard to the construction
of railroads through regions of country "which
were not well settled. Our great central railroad,
as it is called, at the time it was located a-nd con-
structed, passed through regions of country where
there were no inhabitants at all. You might travel
for many miles without being in sight o£a single
dwelling, at the time that road was located. The
policy of the persons who constructed that road
seems to have been to make money out of the
lands. They withheld the-lands from sale until
the road was completed. They are now selling
them. The result was, that when the road was
finished, there was no population along the line
of road; there was no business for the road to do;
and hence it was not so profitable an investment
as many supposed it would be; and, even up to
the piesent time, that road is scarcely paying run-
ning expenses. Now, if we are to have a railroad
to the Pacific ocean, let us adopt that policy which
will induce settlement along the line of the road
for its protection. We can build it more cheaply
in this way; and when the road is constructed, we
shall have something for it to do. I trust the
amendment will be adopted; and upon the ques-
tion of its adoption I should like to nave the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DURKEE. Mr. President, I concurwith
the remarks of the Senator from Illinois. It
strikes me that this is a proper method to aid in
the construction of this great enterprise. A rail-
road to the Pacific will be worth nothing to us,
unless the country is settled; and I would extend
the provision still fui ther. I move an amendment
to the amendment of my colleague, to insert "one
hundred miles" instead of44 forty miles," as the
breadth of the country to be granted to actual set-
tlers.
Mr. DAVIS. As I understand the proposition,
it is merely to grant alternate sections of land
along some route which is to be selected for the
construction of a railroad. If it is intended by
Senators to confine that grant to the mountain
region, or the general section of country which
we term desert, the only objection I see to it is
that it would make population too sparse; that
the expense of military defense would be far
greater than the value of the land, if people could
j be induced to go and settle upon it. If it be de-
! sirablc to establish settlements in that region of
j country, I submit to Senatois whether it would
J not be better to grant whole bodies of land, or
certain amounts of land, m given localities, to per-
j sons who would take possession of it, limiting
I them to very small amounts per head, so as to
J constitute within themselves the power of their
own defense ? I think we are wandering off from
subjects of the highest importance, and directing
our attention simply to the question of what will
contribute to the profits of a railroad after it is
built ? It may be a very good policy apart from
the railroad; but I think k has no connection with
the subject. Apart, however, from the question
of constructing a railroad to the Pacific, it may be
good policy—I doubt if it is, however—to invite
settlement into the wilderness; that unpromising
wilderness where the small spots of fertile land
are separated from the rest of the country by in-
termediate desert; but if that be a good policy, I
believe it would be sounder to give them the whole
