um
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfr
March t,
a proposition by which we might- be relieved fr.o,m
tbis contractj or by which it might be modified,
tfcen U would be a different question; but th^ prop-
ortion wjiich the Senator mak,es now.is; one dw,
of wi)ich will grow an increase in tjie c^ost to the
<^o,vsri}nj,?nt. It will be recollepted thijA, u^ger
a contract with Butterfield Co., they are al-
lowed large preemptions of land at every ten
miles, at every station al.ong the route. Now, in
tfcij first place, if they chfuage theij: route,of course
they carry with them a new preemption, because
tbey have done it writh the sanction and authority
pf the Government. In the next place, in giving
th,e«o thg entire liberty to choose their own route,
y.oq gjve them the liberty of choosing a route by
which their service may lengthened; and it
having been <3one with the sanction of Congress,
you lay th§ foundation—I agree not a legitimate
foumjatton—but you lay the foundation upon
which they can come to you for a proportionately
increased price for their service, upon the ground
that the change which they have made by your
authority, by the permission which you gave to
them without any control on the part of the Post-
master General, authorized an increased service,
and that some neighborhoods, some particular
localities, are benefited by it. It may be, as I
said, not a legitimate ground; but it will be per-
suasive, and they will have the means, as other
contractors before them have had the means, to
get through Congress, by hopk or crook, some
provision by which increased compensation and
allowance will be made to them.
Again: you deprive the Postmaster General of
any control or discretion in respect to the route
upon which tiiomails may he motst secure. They
may take them by routes upon which we are
brought necessarily into conflict with hostile In-
dians, and foice the Government either to the es-
tablishment of military stations for their protec-
tion, or expose the mails of the country to dep-
redation and destruction. There are many reasons
why we ought not to undertake to change a con-
tract existing bet ween the Government and parties
in a manner which leaves it to the contractors
themselves to choose for themselves what changes
they will make arid when they will make them,
and gives to the Government no discretion and
no connection with (he change.
If the Senator were to bring forward a propo-
sition by which we rmglii be ichevedof any part
of the expense of the overland service, that might
be a question of reform proper to be considered;
but when lie proposes only to place at the mercy
of the contractors themselves a contract which
has been made, and which is existing, and which
may expose lis to increased cost, 1 object to our
acting m tins hasty manner upon it. It ought,at
all events, to go to the Committee on the Post
Office, and Post Roads that they may examine the
contract, and see how the public interest will be
affected by the change which is proposed in the
contract.
Mr. TOOMBS. In addition to what the Sen-
ator has said, if we take the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts, 11 will be contract-
ing for at least five hundred miles less service, at
the same price. There is one result, because, by :
the existing contract, these contractors must carry i
the mail fiom St. Louis and from Memphis. ;
They meet at Port Smith, some four or five hun- j
dred miles, and they continue through Preston, j
strike Texas, and pass on for six hundred miles ;
to El Paso. There are from six hundred to a !
thousand miles for which they do not get pre- j
emption, and you propose to give it to them, and ;
cut off five hundred miles of service. Now, if we i
want to do anything, let us dispense with the j
routes from St. Joseph and Kansas City, and one |
from San Antonio. We want but one across the i
continent; and the icform which is needed is, if]
you want to carry one, carry one only. If you |
say, carry one from San Francisco to the Missis- ]
sippi, then dispense with all the rest. I will go !
with you, and make a contract with the lowest
bidder, thus doing something; but here is a most
extraordinary and outrageous contract, and you
propose to give them the same amount of money
upon it, and relieve them in one place of five hun-
dred miles of mail service, and then give them
preemptions for a thousand miles. It will benefit
tliem to the amount of hundieds of thousands of
dollars per annum. It looks very much like a
contractor's job; but I presume the Senator from
Massachusetts did not know how it w.ould affect
it, and did not intend it as such. |
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Georgia j
knows very .i^eH that, a? far $s I am concerned,
it is no contractor's job. We passed an act pro-
viding for an overland mail, and under the bids,
ap is weil.knovyn, and admitted by the Postmas-
ter General, thej1^ were no bids for thi| route.
These parties, therefore, were carried, by the di-
rection of the Postmaster General, upon this rpute.
I think with the Senator from Georgia, that we
sh,ould have but one*route across this continent.
Qtie mail rqute, across the continent is enough;
and that, it seems to me, ought to be frorn St.
Louis to San Francisco by the easiept and best
route. Now, sir, I have made this proposition
to allow these parties to change the route if they
see fit, and go across from St. Louis to San Fran-
cisco by the South Pass, or any other route they
may choose to take. If they abandon their lo-
cations on the route already taken, upon which
they have been forced, why, they will be aban-
doned to the Government. They will not change
their location unless they believe that they can
carry the mails across that central route more
speedily, and more for their own interest; and that
it wilj be as much for the public interest, no man
can doubt.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to ask the Senator one
question. Does ho not know that there are two
lines of stages now across the central route?
Mr. WILSON, I understand that is the case.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then, do you want to put a
third there?
Mr. WILSON. I want to put this company
upon that route if they choose to go there; and
then J want to reach the thing further, and have
but one company, and one route. I will vote to-
day to abrogate this route, and abrogate the oth-
ers, and stand fair. I think that is just what we
ought to reach; but I have made this proposition
as a test. I do not expect it will pass; but I want
to give my vote against forcing these parties upon
that route. I will vote to abrogate them all, and
to start fair.
Mr. IVERS.ON. I do .not exactly understand
this nioveinent as my colleague does, that it is a
contractor's job. I look upon it in altogether a
different light, and refer it to altogether different
motives. It is nothing more or less than a move-
ment of the North against the South; that is what
it is. It is an attempt now to takeaway the south-
ern route, and put it in the northern region—the
region of snows and mountains. This overland
mail was authorized by Congress, and the Presi-
dent determined to put it upon this route, over
which tt now runs from St. Louis and Memphis,
across, by El Paso, to San Francisco. It runs
thiough some portion of the southern States and
southern country. These northern gentlemen al-
ready have two routes over their own region.
They have one from St. Joseph to Placerville, and
I believe another. Atany rate, they have that 
Mr. TOOMBS. One from Kansas City to Stock-
ton.
Mr. IVERSON. They want to take thisaway
from the southern States, and put it upon their
own region, for the purpose of depriving the
South of the poor benefit of having a mail rouie
over the region of the southern States. The ob-
ject is to operate upon the construction of the Pa-
cific railroad. That is the ultimate design; and
it is another one of those circumstances in which
the northern numerical majority of this Govern-
ment intends to absorb all tne benefits of the Gov-
ernment. I trust that southern Senators will put
their foot upon this proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts, and that those who act upon
this floor in unison and sympathy with the South,
will have the manliness to stand by the South on
this occasion, and that this amendment, which
is nothing more than an attempt to monopolize
the benefits of this Government for the advantage
of the North, will be voted down.
Mr. RICE. I must express my surprise at the
remarks made by the Senator from Georgia, about
this being a measure against the South and in fa-
vor of the North. He shows a strange want of
knowledge of the geography of the country in
making the remarks that he has done. The for-
tieth degree of latitude, running from the Missis-
sippi to the Pacific, just about separates our west-
ern possessions in the center. South of that line,
upwards of one million dollars are expended an-
nually for transporting the overland mails. Take
the nine degrees north, and there never has been
one do,liar expended, and the very change that is
proposed, which I shall not vote for, if it should
be adopted, will.still leave the route to run through
the $outh. If it does not run through the south-
ern possessions ^ want to know where is it ?
IVlr. lyERSPN. ' I understand the proposition
of the Senator fr,o,m Massachusetts is to allow
this mail cbn?pftny to xup where they choose.
Would they not run from St. Louis, across the
South Pass, to Saij Francisco ? Is that in the
South?
Mr. RICE. That is in the South. ,
Mr. IVERSON. I do not understand that it
is south of the southern line. It is not in the
southern States. It is jn the ftree-State country
of this Union.
Mr. RICE. It is within the nine degrees of
latitude south of the fortieth parallel. The nine
degrees north of that line have not a dollar ex-
pended upon them. Tho Committee on the Post
Office and Post, Roads instructed me to move an
amendment to this bill for a no then) route. I
had my doubts about it, although it is a matter
which we desire very much in the North; but
since this debate has arisen, and the remarks have
bee" made, I shall, at the proper moment, offerit.
Mr. BRODERICK. I regret that this amend-
ment has been introduced, because I suppose,
before the Senate decides whether they will adopt
it or not, it will give rise to a great deal of debate.
The Senator from Georgia is mistaken about
there being two northern routes and one southern
route. There are two southern routes that I know
of, for which the Government pays $800,000.
Since they were created, and for the purpose of
benefiting some three or four jobbers, the Post-
master General, at the last session, made a con-
tract with two parties to carry the mail from St.
Joseph, in Missouri, to Placerville, in California.
The distance is nine hundred miles nearer than
the distance from Memphis to San Francisco.
The time over the Memphis route is twenty-five
days, and the time over the Si. Joseph and Pla-
cerville route is thiity-eight days; thus proving,
beyond a doubt, that it was given for the purpose
of compensating the contractors, and not for the
benefit of my State. There is another mail from
San Antonio, in Texas, to San Diego, in Califor-
nia. It was a semi-monthly mail, and the Post-
master General paid for it $140,000. It was sup-
posed that, after the large contract was made for
$600,000 between Memphis and San Fra.ncisco,
this would be cut off; but what did the Postmas-
ter General do? He increased the service, and
made it weekly, for which he now pays $196,000
—the original amount paid being $146,000.
Mr. YULEE. Does the Senator allude to the
Utah route?
Mr. BRODERICK. I allude to the San An-
tonio and San Diego route The mail no is car-
ried from San Antonio, in Texas, to El Paso;
there it stops. The Butterfield party take it up
there, and carry it to Fort Yuma. The contract-
! ors on this side then take it and carry it to San
! Diego, for which the Government pays $196,000.
j We'll, sir, on the last night of the last session, a
bill passed the House of Representatives, reduc-
ing the time to thirty days over the St. Joseph
route. It passed this body, and the President
put the bill in his pocket, and refused to increase
the scrvice. Go across by the nearest and most
direct route, to California, from Placerville to
Sacramento, and from Sacramento to San Fran-
cisco, and it is nine hundred miles nearer than
this Butterfield route. I believe, if the parties are
permitted to seek the most direct route to Cal-
ifornia, they will reduce the service to the sum of
$500,000; and then, after the other contract shall
have expired, California will need but one over-
land route.
Mr. YULEE. It results as I expected; that
the change proposed, and which this amendment
will effect, is to add to the cost of this overland
service to the Government. Now, sir, it is pro-
posed by this amendment, that the Butterfield
contractors, who already have a contract, one of
the best in the Government, and one of the best
underany Government,shall be allowed to change
the route, and thereby increase the cost. As a
matter of curiosity, I will refer to the fact that
the only similar route in existence is the one from
St. Petersburg!! to Irkutsk, the capital of Siberia,
