1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
of such spots or valleys of land, and in such small
quantities as would constitute a self-pcotecting
and self-sustaining population.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I have voted
on all occasions, when an opportunity has'been
presented to me so to vote, to settle this question
during this session. I have done so from no hos-
tility to a Pacific railroad. 1 am myself in favor
of giving the aid of the Government in the con-
struction of a road across the continent. It is
desirable, from all considerations, it seems to me;
but from a settled conviction upon my mind,
that there was no feasible project presented to the
Senate for its consideration, and that there was
no probability of arriving" at any result, I have
voted to postpone or to lay this bill upon the ta-
ble whenever such a motion has been presented.
Twice, I think, I have given distinct votes to set-
tle the matter for the session in that way; but 1
repeat again, I have given those votes from no
hostility to a road, but simply for the reason that
I did not believe any project which could be pre-
sented here could receive the favorable action of
the Senate at this session, and I thought there
were questions of public importance that de-
manded our time.
One reason which led me to believe so was that
I thought it utterly impracticable to construct a
railroad across this continent through forests or
over deserts. I think so now; but looking to one
of the main objections which have rested on my
mind, I think the proposition which is offered by
the Senator from Wisconsin serves in a manner
to obviate and clear it away. A railroad across
this continent, whether it shall go all the way over
fertile lands, or through forests, is a thing that
could not be maintained; if it were built to-day,
the Treasury of your country could not send the
locomotive across it. How foolish, then, would
it be to construct a road which could not be used.
I believe that in the progress of time we shall have
a road across the continent. I have not partici-
pated in that extreme zeal which has been mani-
fested by many gentlemen here, though I have
been in favor of this road a {peat deal longer, in
point of time, than many, if not as earnestly.
But, sir, I believe that when a road is constructed
it must be constructed gradually; and it may be
that where the lands are fertile and through coun-
try which is good and arable, the road may be
constructed mainly from the proceeds of the-land
through which it runs; but if it crosses the des-
ert of which we are told, the time will come when
the power of the Government must be added to
anything which can be derived from the land.
I do not know precisely how far this amend-
ment goes. I know that in the substitute which
the Senator from Wisconsin has prepared, he
proposes to grant to the actual settler a certain
portion of land; to the "contractor a certain por-
tion; and then to reserve one half of the good
lands, to be used in aid of those sections of the
road where there arc no lands which are cultiva-
ble. I do not know whether tins amendment cov-
ers both propositions, or whether it only refers to
granting the land to actual settlers. That is all
my friend tells me. Well, sir, that will receive
my vote; because it will carry along with the road
a population without which you can neither build
nor maintain the road; and I do not believe we
are to see a road built much faster than a popula-
tion settles in that part of the Territory which is
capable of good cultivation. This process may
not construct a road quite as soon as all would
desire; yet, in my humble judgment, it is the only
thing which can finally build the road, or finally
maintain it.
I have myself voted in this body against what
has been known as the homestead bill. I see
no occasion to change my mind upon that su5-
ject. I do not think I should vote for what is
called the homestead bill to-day, because it has
in its scopc a much broader object than this
amendment. A road across the continent is of
national importance; is desirable; and 1 am will-
ing to vote for the homestead principle being ap-
plied to the line of^Che route, because I believe the
road can never be Constructed without it, though
I mightnot be willing to adopt that principle asa
general law.
Viewing the matter in this light, I shall give
my vote for this proposition; and the substitute
which was offered by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, containing the other provisions to which I
have alluded, will also receive my vote. If we
are to perfect a bill here which is to receive the
sanction of the Senate, and which is to be a prac-
tical thing, I believe we have got to unite along
with it that which will carry population forward
with the road. It is necessary to its support; it
is necessary to its protection; it is necessary to its
maintenance; and I do not believe any road can
be constructed much faster or much further than
you carry a column of population along with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Durkee] to the amendment of his
colleague, [Mr. Doolittle.] ,
Mr. DURKEE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
and the question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Doolittle.
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I have forborne to
say anything in regard to this bill up to the present
time; and I now rise for the purpose of protesting
against this whole scheme of a P«\cific railroad.
With other gentlemen, I am free to say that I
desire to see a railroad connection between the
Pacific ocean and the eastern portion of the coun-
try. I desire, however, to see that improvement
made as other improvements of a similar charac-
ter have been made through other portions of our
country. As the country becomes settled, as there
may be a demand between the intermediate points
for railroad communication, railroads will be built;
and whenever the population and resources of the
intermediate country will sustain a road, it will
be built a*railroads are built in other portions of
the Union. Until that time, in my humble judg-
ment, if you had a railroad already constructed,
it could not sustain itself.
You here propose to undertake this immense
work; and what guarantee have you that it is ever
to be completed, or that when completed the Gov-
ernment is ever to avail itself of the benefits that
might arise fiom it? Here is a work that will
Require a capital of some two hundred million
dollars perhaps,and the only security you ask at
the commencement is $500,000. A deposit of
$500,000, that is to be drawn out soon after it is
deposited, is all the security you have that that
road will be constructed. It is true there is a pro-
vision in the bill which says that after the eastern
and western divisions of the road are construct-
ed, the bonds issued for those divisions shall
create a lien on the whole road; but suppose the
contractors go on and complete the eastern and
western portions of the road as provided by this
bill, and during that period the contractors have
contracted debts, and under an execution for these
debts theirinterest is sold, what security have you
then for the payment of the bonds that you have
issued to construct the road, or for conveying the
mails, or transporting the troops and munitions
of war of the Uni ted States ? You have no secu-
rity whatever. Accordingto the provisions of this
bill, when the eastern and western sections of the
road arc completed, an execution may be levied
on the road, or the contractors may convey it,
and then the road is gone, and you are left with-
out any redress. Docs not every one see that
this is the natural tendency of things? It is a
matter of speculation, and will be undertaken as
such, and in my humble judgment, will be used
as such throughout. The money that you pay
under this bill, and the lands that ycru give, arc
the inducement, and whenever that inducement
fails they will avail themselves of the speculation
and leave you to look out for yourselves. Is not
this the result of all such speculations in which
the Government embarks ?
Mr. President, in olden time, a proposition to
go into a sovereign State of this Union by Con-
gress and construct a railroad would have been
looked upon as monstrous; but here you author-
ize a contract for building a railroad in the sov-
ereign States of this Union without the permission
of those States; and, pray, where do you get the
power? Although under the Constitution, Con-
gress has the right to establish post offices and
post roads, it has always been maintained most
clearly that Congress had not the right to make
or enter into a contract for making a post road.
Congresstias never undertaken to constructa post
road" Here, though, you claim the power of
making a road, and using the money of the Federal
Government in making a contract for transporta-
tion upon that road, upon a vague contingency
that at some time a war may occur, and "you may
have a necessity for transporting troops or muni-
tions of war to California—a mere contingency-,
the happening of which may never occur; and yet
you are professing to be straight-out State-rights,
strict constitutional constructionists.
We hear frequently in this Body an alarm
about extravagance. 'Retrenchment and reform
is the order of the day; but yesterday we had it.
The Senate vote almost unanimously that .they
are in favor of retrenching and reforming the ex-
penses of the Government; but here comes up the
Pacific railroad bill, -which, if adopted, will in the
end cause the expenditure of hundreds of mil-
lions of dollarsv and I suppose the same gentle-
men who vote for economizing the expenditures
of the Government, will turn round and vote to
increase them by this means. Thoy not only vote
to increase them in voting appropriations for a
railroad to the Pacific, but they go for submarine
telegraphs, homestead bills, additional pension
bills, heaping upon the Government an increase
of the public expenditures to the extent of mil-
lions upon millions. This is said to be all fair
and legitimate, and yetgentlemen proclaim to the
-country that they desire to retrench and reform
I the expenditures of the Government, If a little
picayune claim of a poor old soldier is before us,
it answers to talk about economy, retrenchment,
and reform; but when it comes to millions and
hundreds of millions, it is all very legitimate,
upon a vague supposition that at some time, or
in some way or other, a war may occur, and we
may have to transport troops to the State of Cal-
ifornia. That very precise case may occur with
regard to any other place in the United States,
or"to any other location that you may name.
This, Mr. President, in my opinion, is a de-
parture from the good old rule of construction. I
do not think the framers of the Constitution of
the United States ever corttemplated that the Con-
gress ofthc United States should interfere in such
schemes as the building of railroads. As I have
said, I desire to see a railroAd to California placed
in precisely the same position that other roads are
placed in. That railroad will be built whenever the
necessities of the country require it to be built, by
State and private enterprise, as other improvements
have been constructed ;^nd until that time, even if
it were completed, it would be unprofitable to the
Government and to everybody else. I say above
all, if you desire retrenchmentand economy, this
is one of the schemes that you should avoid,for
in the end it is to throw the entire expense of the
road upon the Federal Government, and the Fed-
eral Government will never derive much if any
benefit from it. It is not guarded in that way, as
it should be. It is perfectly obvious to any one
who will examine tlus bill, as I before remarked,
that the parties may sell the road, the^r may dis-
pose of it, and leave the Government without any
remedy; we may lose oil that we have invested in
it. This is the view I take of the case, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle.]
Mr. BELL. I would inquire of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin what proportion of the
lands on the route of the road he proposes to ex-
tend the provision to ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The even-numbered sec-
tions; one half the sections on each side of the
road will be open to the provisions of the home-
stead principle under this section.
Mr. BELL. One half the entire lands?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir. ^
Mr. BELL. And the other half is to be granted
for the purposes of the railroad. Thus the entire
amount of public lands will go.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state in a single
word precisely what I understand to be the pro-
visions of the amendment. The amendment is
like the present bill, so far as the railroad lands
are concerned, reserving the alternate sections
upon each side of the road for twenty miles. The
amendment does not affect that. It simply pro-
vides that the provisions of the homestead bill,
! which is pending before the Senate, shall be ap-
j plied to theeven-numbeicd sections for forty miles
j on each side of the road. In effect, theeven-num-
! bered sections for forty miles wide are given to
j the actual settlers who may go upon, OQQupy, and
i cultivate the land for five years.
