1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
150$
Mr. BRODERICK. I have an amendment here
which I hope the Senator from Massachusetts will
accept in lieu of his amendment. I would like to
call the attention of the Senator from Georgia to
it. I will state, before I present it, that this amend-
ment provides for a semi-weekly mail between St.
Joseph and Placerviile, in California; and if this
extreme southern route is abolished, this service
can be performed for the sum of $160,000, instead
of $640,000, as the chairman of the committee has
just stated'. By adopting this amendment, we
save $40,000, and have a weekly service from St.
Joseph to Placerviile in twenty-five days. It is
twenty-five days over the Butterfield route, and
it will be the same time over the St. Joseph route.
I send the amendment to the Chair, and ask that
it be read.
Mr. YULEE. Did I understand the Senator
to say I had overstated the amount which the
Postmaster General said it would cost?
Mr. BRODERICK. I said that if it cost more
than $160,000,1 did not want the service. If the
contractors will not carry it in twenty-five days
from St. Joseph to Placerviile for $160,000, or an
increase of that much, 1 will not ask the contract.
Then there will be a saving of $40,000.
■ The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows:
*&ndbe it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to order the
increase of t>ervice and speed on the mail routes between
St. Joseph, in Missouri, and Placet vilh1, California, so as to
give semi-weekly trips each way and through in twenty-five
days: Provided, That the contractors will consent 10 per-
form the increased pprvice herein specified for a sum not
exceeding fifty pei cent, of the pro rata usually allowed by
the Department for buch^increased service.
Mr. YULEE. Does the Senator say that will
vpHiipa tViP fnsf ?
Mr. BRODERICK. 1 will state, for the in-
formation of the Senator, that this extra service
will cost $160,000. We are now paying $196,000
for a mail between San Antonio, in Texas, and
San Diego in California. This semi-weekly ser-
vice can be performed for $480,000, a saving of
$40,000 to the Government.
Mr. YULEE. How does that save anything
unless you abolish the Butterfield route?
Mr. BRODERICK. I propose to continue the
Butterfield route, nof-to interfere with it in any
way, but to abolish this extreme southern route
from San Antonio, Texas, to San Diego, Califor-
nia. I want to continue the Butterfield route, and
this will not interfere with it at all."
Mr. YULEE. The proposition, then, is to in-
crease the scrvice on the Utah route, and discon-
tinue the service in Texas and southern Cali-
fornia.
Mr. BRODERICK. No, sir; I do not propose
to do that. I will take care of California, if Sen-
ators will take care of Texas. I have no objection
to the mail in Texas. The Senator from Georgia
stated that the mail was necessary from San An-
tonio, in Texas, to El Paso; but there is no ne-
cessity for a mail from El Paso to San Diego, in
California. The Los Angeles mail goes twice a
week, and could carry them the Atlantic news
from San Diego, and the mail service would be a
great deal better for the people of San Diego.
Mr. HOUSTON". I should like to know how
the honorable Senator from California would
reach the Mcsilia valley, and those sections of
country lying between San Diego and El Paso,
by his proposition, or whether it will terminate
in California and notextendto the Atlantic coast?
Mr. BRODERICK. 1 will state that the But-
terfield mail touches at El Paso, then from there
to Port Yuma, from Fort Yuma to Los Angeles,
and there up. The mail service between San
Antonio, Texas, and El Paso, I do not propose
to interfere with at all. It is only the Pacificside.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from California state whether he designs his
amendment as a substitute for the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts, or an addition
to it?
Mr. BRODERICK. I offer it as a substitute
for the amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Doesthe Sen-
ator move to strike out and insert?
Mr. BRODERICK. Yes, sir. I offer it as-a
substitute.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr.President, itseemsvery
strange that the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia should wish to appropriate all the mail ser-
vice to California, and to disconnect it entirely
with the Atlantic coast, unless it were Ivy the
transit routes or by way of St. Louis and Mem-
phis. I presume, if the terminus on the Pacific
coast were at San Francisco, it would not be
deemed at all detrimental to the public service
where the route should continue; but the termi-
nus being at San Diego, seems a diversion from
that great and important point on the Pacific, San
Francisco. Everything must be centered there.
It is the attraction throughout the world, it ap-
pears to me, and everything that originates here
in relation to California or any other section of
the country, must go to San Francisco.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will inform the honor-
ble Senator from Texas that I propose to make
to make the terminus at Placerviile, not taking it
to San Francisco at all. I do not want any ad-
ditional service.
Mr. HOUSTON. It necessarily starts at San
Francisco, I presume the gentleman intends, and
is to terminate at Placerviile, thus still making it
the focus of all our legislation. It is regardless
entirely of the communication with the Atlantic.
The most direct and expeditious route that car;
possibly be, is to be terminated or thrown out,
because it does not go to San Francisco. Placer-
viile does not connect—unless it is through the
medium of stage-coaches, with El Paso and the
Mesilla valley, and those other sections of coun-
try—lior lead to Sonora. It is a point that is to
terminate the mail service from San Francisco,
and is to cut off all connection with the Atlantic
coast. There is no route that can be traveled
with the same expedition, with the same advan-
tages, with the same certainty at all seasons of
the year, comparable to the route from San An-
tonio to San Diego. That communicates directly
between the coasts, starting on the Atlantic at
Indianola, passing San Antonio, from thence to
El Paso, Fort Yuma, and San Diego. These are
points that are to be connected by the continu-
ance of this route; but if you terminate it at El
Paso, all communication ceases on the Pacific
coast. If you terminate it atPlacerville, all com-
munication with the Atlantic coast is terminated.
It is necessary, Mr. President, that this mail route
should be continued for the purpose of connect-
ing the Atlantic with the Pacific, as it is the most
expeditious and most certain route, and even if it
costs more, the advantages of it would correspond
with the addition of expense.
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Senator allow
me to explain?
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly.
Mr. BRODERICK. The mail is now carried
from San Antonio in Texas, to El Paso. There
it stops. There is another mail from Fort Yuma
to San Diego, in California.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to know how
long it stops? It is another contractor, but it is a
continuance of the route.
Mr. BRODERICK. The same contractor.
Mr. HOUSTON. It does not terminate at all
at that point. The coaches stop there all night
and go on the next morning, or perhaps only stop
a few hours to refresh and go on immediately
again.
Mr. BRODERICK. It is the Butterfield route.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is immaterial where the
stoppage is between there and New Orleans.
There are different contractors on different parts
of the route, but the route is the same though the
contiactors are different; and so it is with this
route to the Pacific. If this stoppage took place
there, and it was entirely arrested, if it was not
a regular continuance of the same route, howUoes
it go from San Antonio to San Diego in, 1 think,
twenty-two days or less?
Mr. BRODERICK. Twenty-five.
Mr. HOUSTON. Twenty-five days is the con-
tract time, but I think they do it in twenty-two
days. They cannot stop very long at El Paso if
they go over a route sixteen hundred miles long
(I believe that is about the length of it) in twenty-
five days, or in twenty-two days.
Mr. LANE. Twenty-six.
. Mr. HOUSTON. Not from San Antonio. It j
is very strange, sir, that the gentleman should i
seem to indicate that a dislocation or disconnec- j
tion had taken place there. I am as anxious to ;
accommodate San Francisco as the gentleman is. j
I have no prejudice against it; but I do think with i
regard to the distribution of intelligence through-
out the country, that we ought not to regard lo-
calities beyond their due importance, and that the
object of mail facilities is to disseminate intelli-
gence throughout the whole country, and not to
concentrate it at any particular poin,t beyond the
importance and magnitude of the object. ;
If you abolish this route, you do great detri-
ment to the entire South. The North has its fa-
cilities by way of St. Louis. It has all the inter-
communication of the transits. This route will
expedite and facilitate the communication between
the Pacific and the northern States, for it com-
mences at San Antonio and in twenty-four hours,
1 think, or thirty hours, it is at Indianola. Steam-
ships arrive there, and bear the intelligence in a
few days to New York and all the commercial
points on the Atlantic; but if you abolish this
route, you cut off that channel of intelligence, or
block it up, and render it entirely useless; you
cut off a vast extent of country from all mail fa-
cilities. Is, there not constant communication
necessarily maintained between Sonora, Califor-
nia, and Texas ? Will you cut that great artery
of intelligence in two, and deprive vast commu-
nities of ail means of interchange of intelligence
and arrest all intercommunication ?
I cannot conceive that the Senator is in earn-
est. He may entertain prejudices to the contract-
ors. He may think they are favorites of the De-
partment. He may think that undue consideration
has been given to them; and, if his statements are
all true, I would acknowledge it. It is a misfor-
tune; but it is a misfortune that ought not to be
visited upon the country which is essentially ben-
efited by this route, and when those benefits are
important and necessary to its well-being. I do
not know the contractors; I do not expect ever to
know them; but I know the advantages that arise
from this route, and I maintain that they are es-
sential to the well-being of the State that I, in
part, represent, and must be equally important to
the interior of California. The Government must
have communication; and there is no way so di-
rectly communicating with Fort Yuma, and those
sections of California which are necessarily in-
volved in difficulties, as by the route to San An-
tonio.
Mr. BRODERICK. With the permission of
the Senator, I will inform him that the Memphis
and St. Louis mail stops at Fort Yuma, at El Paso,
and at all the plages between El Paso and the Pa-
cific. I do not want to interfere with the Texas
mail at all; but the mail south of El Paso is of no
earthly service to California. Give us a mail from
Los Angeles to San Diego, and the people of San
Diego will be more satisfied with it than they are
now with the present one.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I should like
to know if the mail from St. Louis and Memphis
goes to California, if it is not the same mail that
stops at Fort Yuma? Does the honorable Sen-
ator wish to arrest that mail, or to abolish it?
Mr. BRODERICK. I want to continue it.
Mr. HOUSTON. If he wants to continue it,
this is necessarily a connection formed there. It
is not an additional route. It is not a parallel
route; for there can be but one contract from El
Paso to Fort Yuma and to San Diego. The mails
connect at El Paso; and it is the same thing
whether it is done or not, unless you abolish that
route from Memphis and St. Louis by way of El
Paso and Fort Yuma. But there is a junction of
mail routes there, and they are continued from
thence on to Fort Yuma and San Diego. Itisthe
same route. There are not the same contractors
on the same road in any one point in the United
States; so that the gentleman misapprehends the
object. If it is to terminate at St. Louis, m Mis-
souri, or any other point, why did not the Salt
Lake mail afford all the facilities, if it is most
convenient and expeditious to St. Louis, and if
St. Louis and Memphis are entitled to them?
"Why, pray, are not Texas, Sonora, and south-
ern California entitled to the continuance of that
El Paso route? All we ask is a fair share of in-
telligence. We do not ask for any peculiar favor.
This route has continued for a length of time, and
it is growing, from all experience, to be the most
important route that we have; "and yet there is
an effort made to strike it down.
I have no disposition to occupy the time of the
Senate, which is precious; but the proposition is
so novel in its character, so uncalled for, and
