422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
day by the honorable Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Simmons,] with one exception. His idea
was—I only differ from him on that point—that
this Government should construct the road by its
own o%jers,by its own agency. It is in that re-
spect only that in substance tny proposition dif-
fers from his. I want-to try every experiment, to
make every effort, to see whether or not it cannot
be constructed by private individuals, associating
their own capital with the aids which the Gov-
' ernment can bestow, by cooperation with com-
panies or associations of men that may be author-
ized, and relieve the Government from the weight
of patronage and the greater expense that would
be likely to accrue under the management of the
Government in the construction of the road than
•would arise whpn selfish interest, the interest of
individuals and associations was principally con-
cerned an avoiding extravagant and useless ex-
penditure. That is the only important difference
fcetween the proposition I make and that thrown
out by the honorable Senator from Rhode Island.
His proposition would necessarily require a much
longer time. He wants a minute survey, not a
mere reconnoissance, not a general survey of the
routes on which bids may be offered, but such a
minute survey that, in less than eighteen months
or two years, J cannot perceive how the officers
would be enabled to make any report. Unless
some gentleman requests me to withdraw my prop-
osition for the present, 1 move to commit this bill,
with all the amendments, to the select committee
which reported it, with instructions to report forth-
with what I send to the Chair.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment
of Mr. Bell, which is to strike out all of the bill
after the enacting clause and insert—
Thar it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior,
upon the pusrage ot tins act, by advertisement in two now*
papers in each .'State and the Disiuet of Columbia, for a
period of eight months, to invite scpai .ito propo.-als tor the
construction and vvoikuig of tinee mihomls, fiom the val-
ley of the. Mississippi to the Paoitic ocean, within the ter-
ntory and juusdiction of the United States, one commenc-
ing at some suitable point on the western boundary ot the
State of Minnesota, lunning thence on what may appear
the most eligible route to Paget Sound, in Washington
Territory; one, commencing at some suitable point on the
western boundaiy of the State ol Mt^ouu oi iowu, thrucc
pursuirfg what may appear to be the mixt eligible route
within the thirty-fourth and forty-third paiaiiels ot noith
latitude, to San Francisco or JBenicia, in the >Suue of Cali-
fornia; one commencing ai  oinc s ui table point on the wtvt-
ern boundary of the Suite of Arkansas or Texas, thence
pursuing what may appear to be the most eligible loute to
Han Francisco, in the State of Caliiotnia ; the niuI i ail ways
to be constructed m n. substantial and woikmnnhko manner,
with all necessary drains, culverts bridges, viaducts, cross-
ings, turnouts, siding-?, stations, wat-iing places, and all
oilier appintenances, including the fmiutute and rolling
v woiks or stock, equal m all respects to a lirst chips railroad
when prepared lor bu.-inosa, with rails of the be*t quality
weighing not less than >i\ty-loui pounds to the yard, and a
uniionn guage; and such advancement shall further set
forth, that ihe per>on, or annotation of poisons, or com-
pany, making sucm proposals >lmil state, as distinctly as may
be, the points selected us the pastern mid western teimini
of the road he ot they propose to construct, and the line or
route selected as the mo -t eligible on which to eonstinet it,
reserving the privilege of making biich deflections and de-
partuics fiorn it as may be found, in the ptogiess ot the
work, to ofiei greater facilities and advantages ; and that he
or they shall specify the terms and condition* on which he
or they propose to construct the road, classified as follows:
First The time withm which the road is to be com-
mtmeecl and completed.
Second. The amount, or extent and description of the
aids, facilities, and privileges which will be expected or
required trom the Government, whether consisting of lands
or mouev, or both; and it m part of money, whether in the
shape of a loan or otherwise; and if a loan, when and how
to be refunded.
Thud. The rate of charge, respectively, for convoying the
mail \verkl5; seim- weekly, tn-wecMy, and daily, when the
load is completed, and the late per mile foi such poitions
ur divisions of the load ua may be completed and in u&c
befoi e the fomjileuon of the whole; and the late ot charges
• on all mihuny and naval supplies, tioops. and munitions of
WcU of all kinds, lor the tiim^poitathm of the >«ame ori said
road throughout the entue line, when completed, and on
any less poition or section of the &ame, as the wants ot the
Government may requue.  
Fourth. The uur; 01 p ;uod beyond the completion of the
road at vvhica th .  party or prunes to run such proposals will
surrendci said load, u nil ail it- equipments and appoint-
ments. to the United I">:ate-, should the Government deMie
&ucb sunendci ; whether aire r twenty, foily, or s-ixrv t'erit<-
of exclusive poaaesMon and enjoyment; ami if any gieatcr
tlian twenty years is piopo-ed, at v. hat reduced amount of
aid and facility will be requited fium the Government, in
consideration of «ueh extension to forty or sixty yeai-* le-
spectively, the party or parties to Mieh pioposals wdl under-
take to construct tlie road; and what ledimuon of charges
lor conveying the mails and truuspoitim: mihtcuyand naval
supplies, troops, and munitions of war of all kinds, will be
made, m consideration of such extension.
Fifth. Th ' guaiantee proposed for the faitTifnl execution
o{ any contact winch may he enteiod into with live United
States for the construction of the road, and against exces-
sive fare for the transportation of passengers and exorbitant
charges for carrying freight of any description.
Sec.—.'find be it fwither enacted, That the Secretary
of the Interior shall cause it to be further set forth in said
advertisements that the party or paities to proposals for the
contemplated central and southern railroads shall make
separate proposals for the eonstiuction of said roads, from
the eastern termini to some suitable point on the eastern
boundary of the State of California, or in respect to the
southei 11 road to some suitable point on the southern bound-
ary of the State of California.
Sec—. AncUbeit farther enacted, That all proposals
shall be sealed and addressed to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, who shall, previously to the commencement of the
first regular session of the next Congress, open the same
in piesence of the other heads of Departments, and shall
tiansmit copies of the same to the two Houses of Congie&s
as soon as organized; the originals to remain on file iu the
Department of the Interior.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the sum of $ 
be, and the same is iicreby appropriated, outof any money
m the Treasury nor otherwise appropriated, to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to carry the provisions of this act
into effect.
Mr. BELL. It will be seen by those gentle*
men who have attended to the reading of my pro-
position, that there is no -form of project adopted
m my own mind, nor is there any probability ex-
isting in my mind, that the Government should
undertake the construction of three roads, particu-
larly at this same time, perhaps for half a century
to come, though it is quite probable that, in time,
there may be three roads. It is for the purpose
of giving the friends of every route that has been
pointed to in this debate, by amendments or other-
wise, a fair opportunity of having it presented to
the public and to Congress; and if a sufficient
number of persons having1 capital and responsi-
bility, shall think proper to make any .bids at all,
let the friends of the various routes have an equal
chance of presenting their claims to Congress in
an imposing and responsible manner.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin, the
other day, thought the public lands alone, situa-
ted upon the route which was his favorite, would
be sufficient to construct the road; not only so, but
that he could invite sufficient settlement, by giving
as a donation one half the land with a little more
money—$10,000 a mile, as I understood him the
other day. Now, sir, if there be a practicable line,
on which a road of this importance can be con-
structed %so cheaply, so unexpectedly cheap to all
those gentlemen who have given the subject their
attention heretofore, it ought to be presented to
Congress, and it will go very far to make that the
only route adopted by Congress, if Congress con-
cludes only to make one road. I agree that the
snows of the North arc not so great an objection
aa they would be on the central route, and per-
haps on the southern one.
Well, then, the central route will have every
advantage, having this substantial and respon-
sible indorsement, whether it is to proceed from
Sioux City or the mouth of the Kansas, by the
South Pass or by Bndger's Pass, or whether it
shall go down to the Tejon Pass, in the Sierra
Nevada mountains, in California, or shall pass
oyer the pass near the head of the Sacramento.
Everything will be fair; every means of influenc-
ing the attention and bringing forward the sup-
port of capitalists, by making a proposition of
this kind, will be opened. They arc not limited
in the amount of money. If they require fifty
millions, or one hundtcd millions, or one hundred
and fifty millions to aid them in constructing any
one of these roads, they may ask it; and so of
the southern route. No southern gentleman can
complain that the claims of the southern road will
not be fairly presented. It will have the indorse-
ment of men who look to their own interest with
lynx eyes. It is the responsibility of men that
commit their fortunes, or a largo portion of their
fortunes, if any shall do it, to these loads. That
is the best test of which is the best route. After
the flood of light shed on all these routes by the
numerous scientific engineers who have been
sent over the country at such immense cost, those
i engineers, I doubt not, would give their skill and
I their knowledge on points not detailed in their
| reports, to any individuals or companies who may
I think proper to make a proposition of this sort,
i Every other objection which can be conceived
i is avoided in this proposition. I propose to re-
quire guarantees for their not being simply spec-
. ukuit-e bidders,getting into the enterprise, makitfg
| a job of it, and selling out to some company who
1 have the means, and may lead us into a disas-
1 trous enterprise. We ask guarantees for that.
We ask guarantees against extortion; $nd we put
the option to them of holding such a road for
various terms. I do not like to use the word "op-
erate" in this connection, because I believe it is
not of standard authority; but I do not know any
other word to express the idea. We ask how
much it will cost if they operate the road for
twenty years, and they make their bids on that
hypothesis, and what less sum of money, for what
less amount of credit of the Government in the
shape of bonds, they will take if we allow them
to retain it for forty or sixty years-, it does not
forbid them after all—though I did not care to in-
corporate that into the provision—from saying,
in conclusion, that with all these aids from the
Government, with this extent of privilege which
we have specified, and the aids in land and money,
they cannot undertake su(^i an enterprise un-
less the Government would guaranty to them
$5,000,000 annually, or $10,000,000, or some re-
muneration, in operating this road over a desert
country which can never admit of dense popula-
tion, and which furnishes no advantages of way-
passengers or way-freight. When the bids are
laid before Congress, Congress will have the very
best test as to what arc the cheapest and moat
eligible and practicable routes, and the lines which
will be most likely to be accomplished.
j If^his subject.should be taken up by the capi-
I talists of the country, and we could have the con-
| fidence of their bona fide intention, and their
! determination, if possible, to secure the work, 1
; do not believe, and I am ready to state it freely,
| not only from what I have seen here to-day, but
i from what I could infer a priori from my knowl-
! edge of human nature and the diversity of local
! interest connected with this subject, that we shall
| ever get along, probably, without adopting two
j roads and having them progress pari passu. It is
1 possible we may have to adopt three; but I hope
| not. I hope, at least for the present quarter of it
1 century, one road will be regarded as sufficient.
Whether that shall be the northern, the ccntral,
or the southern, will be decided, probably, (if
Congress can ever be got to harmonize or concur
in the view that we had better construct one,) by
some such test as I propose to apply.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I shall not enter
into the policy of recommitting this bill, but I
wish to make a suggestion to the Senate. If, in
the opinion of the Senate the bill ought to be re-
commuted, and a subsutui^such as the Senator
from Tennessee has ottered be reported, I hope
the Senate will order it to a new committee. The
select committee that reported this bill endeavored
to make its provisions as perfect as they could*.
They devoted a great deal of time to it, and came
to the conclusion, after very elaborate examina-
tion, that it was more likely than any other plan
which could be presented, to harmonize and bring
to its support the majority of persons in the Sen-
ate in favor of a Pacific railroad. I do not believe
that that committee could improve the bill, or that
they are the proper persons to frame a new bill;
and I therefore hope thatifit is referred to acom-
mittec, it will be to a new committee, to see if
there can be a committee formed who can report
a bill which will secure the votes of a majority
of this body. The Senator from Tennessee was
one of the most efficient members of the select
committee, and he is aware of the fact that we ex-
erted ourselves to report a bill that we thought
would command a majority of the Senate; but if
a majority of the Senate is in favor of recommit-
tal, I think it had bettergo to another committee;
to members who are not committed to any of the
plans which have been already presented to the
Senate.
Mr. BELL. That would be-inconsistent with
the principle on which I made this proposition.
My object in making this proposition, after I had
utterly despaired of the success of any plan, or
that it was possible to concur in the provisions
of any bill for constructing a road during the pres-
ent session, even if we sat here upon it to the latest
period of the session, was to recommit the bill to
the select committee which reported it—any other
committee would be parliamentary, though not
so strictly appropriate—with instructions to re-
port the proposition which I have presented forth-
with to the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I suggest to the Senator this
question: what is the necessity of referring it to
that committee, with instructions to report it,back
