THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2, 1859.
New Series....No. 95-
the necessity of saving that much money, and
encouraging a route over which the mail can be
carried in twenty-five days.
4 While I am up, I will state that, at present, a
citizen residing in St. Joseph can send his letter
to New York, and it can go from there, by way
of Panama, to San Francisco, and reach Placer-
ville some eight or nine days before it can go direct
from St. Joseph to Placerville by the present ar-
rangement. As it is now, therefore, this route is
of no earthly service to California*, for nobody
puts a letter in the mail-stage at St. Joseph for
Placervillc.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from Cal-
ifornia permit me to suggest to him if it would
not be better policy for him to introduce some
amendment by which the service on that line
shall be made efficient, without attempting to
double the service there by breaking down an-
other line?
Mr. BRODERICK. F do not want to break
down the other line unless the Senate see fit to do
so. I wish to get this increased service performed,
if I can, for $160,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator introduced
some amendment to make that service fali within
a limited time, such as he thinks ought to be fairly
allowed for the distance between St, Joseph and
Placerville, he might .get a great many votes for
it; but his proposition now is to add to that ser-
vice, and, for the purpose of obtaining the fund
necessary to supply the addition, to destroy an-
other and distinct service. That we cannot go for.
Mr. BRODERICK. The Senator is mistaken.
I propose to leave that to the wisdom of the Sen-
ate and the Postmaster General. Al! I ask the
Senate to do now is to appropriate $160,000 for a
semi-weekly ma.il between St. Joseph and Placer-
ville. I am willing to leave your Texas mail if
you want it, if you will only give us this in-
crease.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The question is on the amendment of the
Senator from California to the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will not press this proposition as an amend-
ment to my amendment. If he wishes to obtain
a distinct vote of the Senate upon it, let him offer
it as a separate proposition. I am inclined to
think, on reflection, that while he is attempting to
reach a very good purpose—that is to establish a
semi-weekly mail from St. Joseph to Placerville—
the mode he has suggested to supply the means
to dt> it is not one which we ought to sustain. 1
therefore hope he will not press this proposition
as an amendment to my amendment.
Mr. BRODERICK. I offer it as a substitute
for that.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to accept this in place of his amend-
ment: •
And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster Genera}
be, and he is hereby, directed to reduce the service under
thp contract with Butterfiekl 8t Co., made September 16,
1857, for carrying the mail from the Mississippi riverto San
FranciJ-co, to weekly trips, at a compensation of £'450,000
per annum, as provided in section t n of the act of March
3,18o7, said reduction to commence with the next quarter.
I want to reduce the expense. The schedule un-
der which they are carrying this mail is twenty-
five days, and the trips are semi-weekly. Now, I
propose to reduce it to weekly trips. I think it
ought to be reduced to monthly; but I only pro-
pose to reduce it to weekly, which will save
$>150,000 a year, and will oarry the mail, so far as
it can possibly be necessary for the public inter-
ests, from here to California overland, and will
do everything in regard to settling that country
which will be done by semi-weekly trips.
Mr. WILSON. I accept that modification.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should like
to understand exactly the state of the question.
In the first place, an amendment was offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts, and an amend-
ment to that amendment was offered by the Sen-
ator from Calfornia.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Massachu-
95
setts accepts my amendment as ^modification of
his amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. But I under-
stood we were debating an amendment to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Califor-
nia.
Mr. STUART. That remains to be acted
upon.
Mr. BRODERICK. I withdraw my amend-
ment, for the purpose of allowing the vote to be
taken on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, as modified. I shall renew it af-
terwards, as a separate proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I under-
stand, more from conversation amongstgentlemen
on the floor than from any discussion before the
Senate, that the pending amendment proposes to
violate an existing contract, which is complete
within itself; and we shall have to pay the whole
amount of money, and only succeed in reducing
the service one half.
Mr. STUART. Not at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The authority
of the Senator from Maryland has been cited to
•me—whether correctly, or not, I do not know-
as one who had examined the subject, in regard
to the nature of that contract, and who had given
the opinion that wo could not, by any act of ours,
alter or change the contract with Butterfield &
Co.; that it is a contract perfect within itself,
binding upon us; and that we are liable to dam-
ages if wc alter the contract on any other ground
than that for which the general law gives the
Postmaster General power to abridge or abolish
it entirely: that is, because they have failed to
perform its terms. I so understand, and I am
certainly not disposed to say that we will take
half the service for the whole amount of money,
when we are entitled to the whole service for that
money.
Mr. PEARCE. Does the Senator refer to me ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yee, sir. I
understood you had examined this contract, and
treated it as a legislative contract.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator has been misin-
formed. I have not expressed such an opinion.
I started an inquiry, as to whether there was any-
thing in the nature of the contract which would
have that effect. My own opinion rather inclines .
the other way.
Mr. GWIN. I stated to the Senator from
Arkansas that I understood the Senatorfrom Ma-
ryland to be of opinion that, as a legislative con-
tract, it could not be abolished. The question
•was discussed, and I understood the Senator from
Maryland to be of opinion that this contract, be-
ing a legislative one, could not be changed or
abolished, without making the United States lia-
ble to damages.
Mr. PEA'RCE. It was very natural, perhaps,
for the Senator from California to fail into tiiat
error. I stated, hypotheticaliy, that if this was
a congressional contract, it must be on different
terms from those authorized by the general law;
but I found, on examining, rather carelessly, I
admit, the act of Congress on this subject, that it
was not what is usually called a congressional
contract. That is to say, I believe there was no
direction in the law that the Post Office Depart-
ment should contract with Mr. Butterfield. There
is, however, something peculiar in the law estab-
lishing that route, inasmuch as it fixes the amount
of compensation to be paid. In that respect it
differs from others; but it does not constitute, in
my opinion, what is ordinarily understood as a
congressional contract; and I rather incline to
think it comes under the general rules of the law
in relation to contracts by the Post Office Depart-
ment. At all events, if the parties were entitled
in equity to any larger indemnification than the
month's pay wfiich is usually accorded in such
cases, that would be an application addressed to
the equity of Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I ask the
Senator, is he in a state of doubt, or is he certain
that Congress has it in its power to alter or
change the contract ?
Mr. PEARCE. I take it for granted that Con-
gress may annul the contract.1 * . "
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Without sub-
jecting Congress to damages for that change?
Mr. PEARCE. I have not said that. I say;—
I am only giving my own opinion—that If-thefr
are liable to anything else than the month's allow-
ance, which is usually given in such cases, <they
would be liable only m equity, and the question
would have to be addressed to them in that view.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then we are
left in doubt whether we can abridge half the ser-
vice and yet have to pay the whole amount. So
it stands. If the Senator from Maryland, with
all his ability, doubts on such a question, it ought
to satisfy us that we should proceed very cau-
tiously.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We cannot be liable to
pay the whole amount. Such an amount of profits
as the party would be deprived of, would be the
extreme amount of damages,'not the whole
amount of service, when they did not perform it.
If we strike off this service, having no right to
strike it off, these parties would undoubtedly have
an equitable claim against the Government for
"such an amount of damages as would compen-
sate them for the profits they would have made
if they had continued to run the mail, but not
for the price of the whole service.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. As much as
would recompense them for the expenditures they
have already gone to for the purpose of carrying
out the entire contract?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Whatever damages they
suffer—not the price of the service, but what they
lose by reason of the violation of the contract.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the Sen-
ator if anybody can estimate the damages or the
character of the bill that the contractors will maJce
out against the Government for the preparations
they have made to carry out the entire contract?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is clear that they can-
not lose as much by not doing the service, as the
whole tiling.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. But yet it is
very certain we can lose half the service, and
have to pay largely over \yhat would be the rela,-
tive amount proper to be paid for the smaller ex-
tent of service. It seems to me, that unless there
is some good authority, some one here who has
capacity to investigate the matter, who can as-
sure the Senate that this contract can be changed
rightfully and without damage, it is most unwise
for the Senate to undertake the movement indi-
cated by the amendment of the Senator from
I Michigan. It is nothing but an expedient; an
' expedient based upon, perhaps, a hope, certainly
upon no conviction from any one who has inves-
tigated the legal points involved, i trust the Sen-
ate will not, in this way, adopt a proposition of
so grave a character without knowing precisely
its effect.
Mr. STUART. I offered thisamendmentafter
making an examination of the contract and the
law; and although I should give my opinion in
this body with great diffidence, on any question,
and certainly on this, I think the section which
authoiized the contract is clear and definite in its
j provisions. I think it authorized the Postmaster
| General to make a contract which should be for
i monthly, semi-monthly, weekly, or semi-weekly,
service, at his option throughout, and not in any
other way; that Congress did not intend to pro-
vide, and did not provide, authority to him to fix
a contract which could mi be changed agreeably
, to the terms of this section. I will read it; and I
! invite the attention of Senators to it, because I
| shall be very glad to have their opinion. It is
the tenth section of the act of 1857:
<£ That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to contract for the conveyance of the entire letter
mail from such point on the Mississippi river as the con-
trictois may select, to San Francisco, m the State of Cali-
fornia, for six years, at a cost not exceeding $300,000 per
annum for semi-monthly, $450,000 for weekly, or $800,000
for semi-weekly service, to be performed semi monthly,
weekly, or semi-weekly, at the option of the Postmaster
General."
