424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Was that subject
Mr. VALLANDIGliAM.
referred to that committee?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE." No, sir; it was not.
Mr. MORGAN. I understand that the Com-
mittee on Commerce are in no great trouble, for
they havegot three clerks,as I understand, now.
.Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My friend is quite
mistaken. *
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest to
the gentlegian who objects, that these clerks are
already in employment, and we ought not to
starve then) out. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from New York, if he made the objection,
that it is very hard upon these men who are now-
engaged in the public service and have nothing to
live upon.
The SEEAKER. The Chair thinks the report
cannot be made if objected to1; the subject-matter
not having been referred to the Committee on
Commerce. '
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire
who made the objection ?
Mr. HASKIN. I object.
ISSUE OP REGISTERS TO STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. EUSTIS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, Senate bill (No.
493) authorizing thesssue of registers to the steam-
ships America and Canada, and to change the
names of said steamships. I ask that it be put
upon its passage.
I will state, for the information of the House,
that these steamers, although built in Canada, are,
in point of fdet, American-built vessels. The cer-
tificates accompanying the bill show that the en-
gines, boilers, machinery, &.c., were builtat the
West Point foundery, in the State of New York,
at a cost, exclusive of transportation, of §112,000.
These steamers were built of timber from New
York, the frames and planking were of Ohio
growth, the joiner's work was made in New York,
and put up by New York mechanics, at a cost of
$150,000, the furniture and fittings of the cabins
were manufactured at Buffalo, in the State of New
York, at a cost of $50,000. The boats were mod-
elled by George Collier, a New York builder, but
have since been biought round from the lakes by
the way of the St. Lawrence, to New Yoilc, have
had new bottoms put on them, have been fas-
tened, caulked, coppc red-, and ex tensive additional
work done, at a cost of $70,000, making a total
of at least $412,000. All this appears from the
sworn certificates attached to the bill.
These steamers were purchased by the Lou-
isiana Tehuantepcc company, now engaged in
transporting mail and passengers between the
city of New Orleans and the Isthmus of Tehuan-
tepcc, and are not entitled to American registers
under the strict letter of the law. The owneis,
in view of the facts already stated, and struggling
as they are, in the infancy of agieat enterprise of
national importance, confidently rely unon Con-
gress for that special legislation, which can alone
relieve them under the actual condition of things.
I will state further, that a communication on
this subject was addressed to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and that^Hccr has made a favorable
answer, which I will ask the Clerk to read.
TheCleik read the letter, as follows:
TREASURY Department, Januai tj 14, 1839.
Sin: ] have to acknowledge the reepipt of jour lot tor of
the 12th instant, and m leply to so much of it as refors to
the bill passed by the Senate, authorizing the i?.smc ol reg-
j.-ters to the steamships Aracncu and Canada, to suite that
the Department perceived no objection lo ifc> parage.
The bill is herewith returned.
Very respect! ully, your obedient servant.
HOWELL OOTIB,
Scivelary of tkn Treasiny.
Hon. John Cochrane, Chairman of Committee on Com-
merce, House of Representatives.
Mr. EUSTIS. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. EUSTIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FISHING BOUNTIES-
Mr. MILLSON. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Rcnoioed, That the Committee on Commerce behind they
are hereby, directed forthwith to report to the House the
bill of the Senate, which was referred to them on the 7th
day of December Idst, entitled "An act repealing all laws
or parts of laws granting allowances or bounties to vessel?
employed in the bank and other cod fisheries," in order that
this House shall determine for itself, whether it will agree
or disagree to the legislation proposed by the other House of
Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Prom what
committee is that a report?
Mr. MILLSON. I offer it as a resolution of
instruction to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 1 object to the
resolution.
VIRGINIA MILITARY DISTRICT, OHIO.
Mr. RUFFIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill allowing those holding
lands by entries in'the Virginia military district,
Ohio, which were made prior to the 1st day of
January, 1852, to have the same surveyed and
patented; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, an,d ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. RUFFIN also, from the same committee,
made adverse reports in the following cases;
which were laid on the table, the committee dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof,
and the reports ordered to be printed:
The petition of O. P. Strickland; and
The petition of J. B. McCcndon.
REGISTERS AND RECEIVERS.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, reported
a bill to amend the act of 20th April, 1818, to
compensate registers and receivers of land offices
of the United States; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. COBB. When 1 have had read a statement
which I hold in my hand, I propose to put the
bill on its -passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to
hear the bill read.
Air. COBB. Certainly. The bill will be read
of course. The Committee on Public Lands have
reported the lull unanimously, and I presume
there will be no objection when the House shall
understand the object of the bill.
The bill was read. It provides that the act en-
titled " An act for changing the compensation of
receivers and registers of land offices," approved
Apnl 20, 1818, shall be so construed by the
proper accounting officers of the Government as
to restrict the aggregate amount allowed as com-
pensation for rcgisters'and receivers'commission
on moneys received at any land office, m any one
calendar year, to the sum of 52,500each; arid that
the registers and receivers shall not receive for
any one quarter, or fractional quarter, more than
ayro rata allowance of said maximum of $2,500;
the commissions to commence ant) be calculated
from the time they enter upon the discharge of
their duties.
Mr. COBB. Now, Mr. Speaker, the House
will kco<u once the object of tne bill. I will now
ask that this'statement be read, which will show i
what, has been the practice under the law as it
now stands; that at a single land office there has
been drawn from the funds received as much as
$10,000 m a single year. I think that practice
ought to be stopped. I ask the Clerk now to read
the statement which I send to his office. |
The statement was read, as follows: i
The following s-tatcment presents a ease in point, illustra- 1
tive of Hip many abuses growing out of the present system \
of computing the registers' and reetuvem' compensation for , of the bill.
Mr. COBB. The House will readily perceive
without argument from me, that such a practice
ought to be stopped. The act of 1818 provided
that the maximum to be received as commissions
by any register or receiver should not exceed
$2,500.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COBB. I do not want to get into any con-
troversy in reference to this matter.* I have not
mentioned any name in this statement,because I
did not want to provoke any controversy in ref-
erence to any person.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. There is no con-
troversy about it. I merely wanted to know the
name of the person he refers to in the sUtf.ement
which has been read, by the initials " J. H. B."
The statement refers to a land office in my dis-
trict. Several of my constituents have held the
office of register in that office. I desire to know
to which he alludes in his statement?
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman will refer to the
records in respect to the registers and receivers in
the Plattsburg district, he can ascertain the name
of the person to whom he refers. I, do not care
to mention names.
Mj. CRAIG, of Missouri. Is the name James
H. Birch ?
Mr. COBB. The gentleman can find what the
name is by consulting the rccord.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If that be the name,
I will state that the record shows that he did re-
ceive the amount of money stated, but if he refers
to any other gentleman who has hold that office,
I deny the statement.
Mr. COBB. Very well. I will now state that
under the law of 1818 the maximum of the com-
pensation to be received by any register or re-
ceiver, as commissions, is $2,500. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands propose now to correct
the abuse which has grown up under that law by
providing that the amount of compensation for
such service for any land office shall not exceed
$9,500. I ask to put the bill on its passage, and
call the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
obstruct the passage of that bill, if I understand
the object of it. 1 merely wish to make an in-
quiry. I believe that the present law provides that
registers and receivers 'shall receive a salary of
$500 each per annum and a commission upon
all moneys received in the office from sales of the
public lands not to exceed a compensataon, in the
aggregate, of $3,000; but I understand that under
the practice, a register may remain in office three
months, and receive the full salary contemplated
by the law for a full year; then another may be
appointed, who may also receive the full salary;
and so on to the end of the year.
Mr. COBB. That is the very thing which we
propose to correct by this bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If that is the effect
of this bill, it is right. Provision ought to be
made by which not more than $3,000 shall be paid
as compensation for the services of register dur-
ing any one year.
Mr. COBB. I am very glad the gentleman
from Tennessee agrees with me for once.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am very happy
to congratulate the gentleman that he is right for
once. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. Very well; then the gentleman
from Tennessee and I have no controversy. I
call the previous question upon the engrossment
commission-, as set foith in the Comnii-.sioner'd report for
1S5B, pa es 19 and 20:
J. II. 15., late register at Plattsburg, Missouri, for second , . . -   
quarter, trom the 1st April to With Juno, 1*36, date of hid !; L e previous question for a moment to allow me
H'signatum, received the maximum of  {$2,300 :; to make a statement.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from Alabama to withdraw his demand for
C. il. B.,late register, for thud quarter from 1st
July to "Oth Wt'piembta, 1836, leuuivud his max-
imum of commissions of 
J. l{. JB., under a temporary appointment, for the
touith quarter, 1&36, liom 6th Uetobei to 31st De-
cemlH'i, 1850, received his maximum of commis-
sion^ of   
J. fi. 13., under a conlnmed appointment, tor the
iiiat qu.uter, 1S37, from ISth Fehruaiy to 31st
Md.icli, 1837, received his maximum of commis-
sions of   
Mr. COBB.
2 500 ! t',?';..Pu£fi0?ej.
I will withdraw my demand for
2,300
2,500
Making the aggregate amount paid to registers at
said office lor eommtsi>ions alone, for the year
commencing Anul 1,1S50, and ending March 31,
1557, of $10,000
Whereas under our proposed restriction, it could not have
exceeded the bum of §2,51)0.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I am in favor of
| the object of this bill, but I do not think the ob-
' ject will be accomplished by the bill as it now
stands. The fault is not so much with the officers
; as it is in the appointing power. When a rcgis-
i ter has served for a part of a year, and has drawn
,the maximum compensation, and another register
is appointed for the balance of the year, I do not
believe that the person who comes in as register
for the balance of the year has the right, under
the law as it now stands, to draw also the maxi-
mum compensation for a year. Bat I think that
some of the registers should be allowed the per-
