1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
" $fow*, I say, my opinion—I urge it with defer-
ence—is, that he was authorized to make a con-
tract to carry the mail from the Mississippi river
to San Francisco, to be performed semi-monthly,
weekly,'or semi-weekly, at his option, and that
tliat-is the only contract he could make, and it is
the only contract he has made. The law fixes
the rate. He may exercise his option at any time
during the contract to increase or decrease the
service, but the law fixes the rate of the pay.
That is my belief about it. I propose to save
$150,000 a year. 'My judgment is, that we ought
to reduce it still further and save $300,000 a year;
but we can save this without any difficulty at all.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Arkansas. I am surprised
that the Senator should have presented a point
like that unless lie told us something more. The
Postmaster General was authorized by law to
make a contract for the transportation of this mail
weekly, semi-weekly,or semi-monthly. He has
made that contract. The law left the election to
the Postmaster General to say whether he would
contract for carrying the mail semi-weekly,
weekly, or semi-monthly. The Postmaster Gen-
eral has elected, and consequently as 1 would
argue, he has complied with the terms of the law.
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I invite
the Senator to explain his view of the law and of
the contract. Can it be supposed that when the
Postmaster General has made a contract under the
law for carrying the mail a certain number of
times at the price specified in the law, we can
change the contract withouttheconsentof thecon-
tractors? It is utterly impossible. Congress never
contemplated that a contract should be made leav-
ing the parties subject to the will and the caprice of
the Postmaster General to change it as often in a
month as he pleased. I know that no such con-
tract has been made. If it has been, it ought to
be exhibited here. No one would undertake to
invest the amount of capital necessary for an en-
terprise of this sort, if the contract was subject
to be changed as often as the Postmaster General
might please. If that had been contemplated,
there would have been undoubtedly a much heav-
ier bid than that which was made. There is no
kind of intelligence in the construction which the
Senator from Michigan now pleads for. The Sen-
ator has read the law authorizing the Postmaster
General to make this contract for weekly, semi-
weekly, or semi-monthly service. He says such
a contract has been made, leaving it optional with
the Postmaster General to change the contract
and make the tiips as frequent or infrequent as
he pleases. It seems to me impossible that such
a contract could have been made; but, upon the
plea that such a contract has been made, the Sen-
ator asks Congress to interfere with this contract
which is binding on Congress, and this interfer-
ence with it will subject us to damages and lia-
bilities hereafter.
Mr. DAVIS. It seems to ma few things can
be more plain than that reducing the service one
half, will not reduce the cost in the same propor-
tion. The Senator from Arkansas has very prop-
erly stated there is, first, the incident of liability
to have the service raised; secondly,all the posts
along the route have to be maintained, and with
the same force, whether the service be weekly, or
semi-weekly, or semi-monthly. The cost of main-
taining these stations through an uninhabited
country must constitute a very large portion of
the expenditure for the transportation of the mail.
What amount would be saved, I am not prepared
to say; something ought to be reduced, certainly,
by reducing the service. 1 think, however, it
would be a fraction much less than half. I doubt
if it be a fourth.
Mr. STUART. Will the Senator allow me to
say a word ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. STUART. I made the reduction precisely
according to the law. The law says that the ser-
vice shall be performed semi-monthly, weekly,
or semi-weekly, at the option of the Postmaster
General, and fixes the rate for each kind of ser-
vice—$600,000 for semi-weekly, $450,000 for
weekly, and $300,000 for semi-monthly.
Mr. DAVIS. The question is though, whether,
under the law, the Postmaster General, having
elected and having made his contract, and all the
arrangements having been made upon the basis
of that contract, he can now change and make a
reduction to that which the law might have ori-
ginally contemplated? The arrangements of the
contractors might have been very different if it
had been a monthly route. It is quite clear that,
in that case, they would not have established so
many posts at short intervals, but would have
preferred to take along the additional animals and
the guard for each wagon. It therefore returns
to the original proposition, that the Postmaster
General has exhausted the power conferred on
him by the law, and the contract stands now be-
tween these parties and the Government, and must
be so dealt with. We cannotgo back to the power
which the Postmaster General had before he en-
tered into the contract, and assume that power to
exist in its entirety now.
One word more in relation to the proposition to
change the route. I have no doubt many routes
may be found practicable in the summertime, or
at least in a portion of the summer months, but
I believe there is not one save that which has been
selected which is practicable for twelve months in
the year; and the Postmaster General acted wise-
ly in selecting, in the main, the line which he did.
Some portion of it may be objectionable; some
modification of it may be found necessary. There
may be a junction of certain mail routes on ac-
count of the line passing where it is not necessary,
and by uniting it with some other you answer a
double purpose; but I believe,as I said, generally
speaking, that he has selected the only route upon
which we can rely on having the mail transported
twelve months in the year.
What has been the recent experience on the
line of about the fortieth parallel ? We hear not
only of the men but of the aViimals being frozen.
As to the route of the thirty-fifth parallel, which
is spoken of as the one which is always practica-
ble, it so happens that not one mail has gone
across it, though the route was established long
ago, and an efiort.was made to have a mail trans-
ported over it. I understand that not a single
mail has ye^gone across on that post route. We
have also the fact staring us in the face—it is
useless to go to meteorological tables to maintain
it—that the party engaged now under an appro-
priation to construct a road have gone into winter
quarters on that very line, said to be practicable
at all seasons of the year, and with a large num-
ber of men necessary to work that road they have
not dared to face it in the winter. It is, therefore,
preposterous to speak of it as a line open to the
transportation of the mail at all seasons of the
year; a line which is beset by hostile Indians
whenever the cold does not drive them to their
fastnesses, and which is closed by snow and ice
for a part of the year.
The position I take is, that there was but one
route, generally speaking, and that the one which
the Postmaster General selected, over which the
mails could be transported twelve months in the
year. I think we require one mail across the
continent; 1 have no objections to having more;
but I consider one mail'transported through our
own territory, and safe, therefore, under all cir-
cumstances, for the transmission of letters to be
necessary to the Government. I believe we have
but one route where this may be secured, and that
other mail routes will only answer the purpose a
portion of the year. If, therefore, it were prob-
able that the contractors would, on permission
being given, change the mail route, I say the
Government ought not to permit it, convinced, as
I am, that, if it were changed, it would result in
failure, and the Government could not get its mail
matter transported some portions of the year; but
I have no idea it will be changed. If there is any-
thing to be gained by this system of experiment
' upon the probable views of contractors, 1 am per-
fectly willing to have this question submitted to
the test of these experiments. If they like to go
somewhere else, if they will agree to go anywhere
else, without taking any more time, I shall be
more disappointed than I expect to be.
Mr. POLK. If it be true, that giving to these
contractors the privilege that is proposed to be
given by the amendment offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts would not produce a change
in the route, I can see no objection to voting for
it. I have no doubt the Senator from Mississippi
is perfectly convinced that the route on the line
of the thirty-fifth parallel is impracticable. I am
just as firmly convinced that it is the best route
across the continent—certainly much better than
the one away down on the thirty-second parallel.
It is said no mail has been carried across the
thirty-fifth parallel route. Look at the difference
between a simple contract for carrying at Ion"
intervals so as to connect with other roads; for the
extent of this is to oonnect with the line that
runs down from Santa Fe to Albuquerque, and
then to go over to Stockton; look at the duference
betwixt that and making a contract with Butter-
terfield & Co., by which you give $600,000 for
taking the mails over.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Allow me to
ask the Senator a question. Will the Senator say
whether these contractors will carry the mail on
the thirty-fifth parallel, if this liberty is allowed
them ?
Mr. POLK. I do not know the contractors.
I never had a word of conversafion with them in
my life. What I want is to give them an oppor-
tunity of doing it.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no danger of their doing
it.
Mr. POLK. If there is no danger of the route
being changed, it can do no damage to give them
an opportunity to change it. If more people can
be accommodated, and the mails can be carried
in a shorter time, over a more practicable route,
without subjecting the Government to greater ex-
pense, why, I ask, should not the route be
changed ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will answer
the Senator at once why it should not be. I call
attention to the fact that he proposes to interfere
with a contract and reduce the service one half.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the Senator from
Massachusetts has accepted the substitute of the
Senator from Michigan, thus materially changing
the character of the proposition.
Mr. POLK. If it stands merely on the prop-
osition made by the Senator from Michigan, I
shall vote against it. I desire to vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts;
but if that is withdrawn, and it is substituted by
the proposition contained in the amendment of
the Senator from Michigan, to reducS it to weekly
service, I shall vote against that.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the question, as I un-
derstand it.
Mr. WILSON. I think this question must be
very well understood; and I hope we shall take a
vote on it. I would suggest to the Senator from
Michigan, that he allow us to take the two votes
separately, in order to gratify the Senator from
Missouri. First, let us take the vote on the sim-
ple proposition of allowing BuUerfield to run over
which line he pleases. If that fails, the Senator
from Michigan may move his proposition, and
take a vote on it. Then, if the Senator from Cal-
ifornia wants to bring forward his proposition,
let him offer it as a separate amendment.
Mr. STUART. I am very willing to do any-
thing which will facilitate the business of the
Senate. I desire, however, to say a word or two
in regard to my proposition; and, perhaps, I may
as well say it now. The contract of the Post-
master General with these parties, I have exam-
ined; it is before me in his report. I haveexamined
it in connection with the law, and 1 entertain no
doubt whatever, that the authority of the Post-
master General is complete over that contract, to
increase or reduce the service; and whenever he
does increase or reduce it, the law itself fixes the
compensation; and, therefore, in my amendment,
1 have named the compensation which the law
provides. If you look at the contract, you will
find provisions giving control to the Postmaster
General to annul the contract; one case is for dis-
obeying the instructions of the Department.
Take the law. Is it supposed that Congress
intended to put into the hands of the Postmaster
General the option, to be determined by him once
and for six years irrevocably and unchangeably,
to carry the mails semi-weekly for $600,000 a
year? No court would ever give such a construc-
tion as that to the law, unless it was clearly not
susceptible of any other; but the law, I contend,
is plain in itself. It authorizes the Postmaster Gen-
eral to make a contract to carry the mail—how?
To carry it " at his option." The law provides
that he is to make a contract to carry the mail for
six years, from the Mississippi river to San Fran-
cisco, and that contract is to be "performed at
his option" in a certain manner. He has no right
to make any other contract; and he has not made
