1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4M
quisites of their office. Ill some of the land dis-
tricts in the Stale of Missouri, and some of the
other western States, where the land has been
principally sold, and several offices have been con-
solidated into one, the registers and receivers do
not have business sufficient to produce a salary
such as to justify them in keeping the office. I
cannot at this mo'ment prepare an amendment
which will meet my purpose, because I have not
before mo the list of the fees for searches in ref-
erence to titles, for the delivery of patents, and
other office business required to be done. I there-
fore move to recommit this bill to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, in order that I may be able
to submit to that committee a list of the perqui-
sites which I wish to have embodied into my
amendment.
Now, sir, in the State of Missouri, the office !
now complained of and four others have been 1
consolidated into one. Five land districts have
been thrown into one. The register gets but $500
salary. Ho has charge of the books necessarily
belonging to his office, thousands of field notes ,
and an immense mass of correspondence requir-
ing three or four clerks. Yes, sir, he receives a
salary of only $500. That office contains the
sources of title for half of the State of Missouri.
This, as well as other offices in the western
States, who have no land to sell, and therefore no
commissions to receive, ought, in addition to their
$500 salary, to be allowed some perquisites, that
they may receive some such just compensation;
there ought to be a fee table prepared ;and in order
that'I may have an opportunity to present one for
the consideration of the memb.ers of the commit-
tee, I move that this bill be recommitted to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not know that it is neces-
sary to refer this bill, if it be correctly understood
by the House; but having read it twice, I do not
understand that the object the gentleman from
Alabama has in view is accomplished by the bill.
I understand that the object he has in view is to
prevent more than $2,500 being paid per jfear to
any register or receiver as commissions. I sub-
mit now that the proviso limited the amount paid
to various registers and receivers, who may be
appointed during the year, does not accomplish
his object, for the language of the bill applies
simply to those, as I conceive, who may have
the office for the time being; and if they resign,
or are removed, and new men aie appointed, the
gentlemen who follow may come in under the j
same piovision. I think that a proviso that in
the aggregate notmore than $2,500as commission,
shall be paid to those who may hold the office ^
during the year, is what is necessary. Ifthatpro- ,
viso be put to this bill, I think it ought to be put j
upon its passage. That is all I have to say. i
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman listened to the j
bill, he saw that the necessity for that proviso
was obviated by the provision for the payment of
the salary quarterly, and that not more than the
maximum should be paid.
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 do not think that a sound
construction of the bill, as itis, would obviate the
objection I now make to it.
Mr. COBB. It has been drawn up at the Land
Office, with express view to the accomplishment
of the very object the gentleman desires.
Mr. NICHOLS. That does not commend it to
my consideration. Bills drawn up at the Depart-
ments have very little favor with me. I prefer
that they should be examined by gentlemen hero,
who are just as competent to consider their legal
bearing as any gentleman in the Land Office.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public Lands
investigated it thoroughly, and we deem our-
selves competent to judge of its bearing. But, so
far as the gentleman's proposition is concerned,
I asree with him. ,
Mr. NICHOLS. I have no doubt about the
competency of the Committee on Public Lands,
and I do not reflect upon them at all. 1 have-
merely made a suggestion. It it be the sense ot
the House that the bill docs accomplish the ob-
' ject, I am in favor of then letting it be put upon
its passage. But, sir, as a .lawyer, I suggest
that, in my opinion, it does hot carry out the
purpose announced by the gentleman from Ala-
baMr. COBB. I think it does. I want to stop
the abuses I have stated; and if the gentleman
thinks that purpose can be better accomplished
by the addition of another sentence, I have no
objection to it.
Mr. NICHOLS. If the gentleman says that
it will stop abuses, then let it be put upon its
passage. I do not wish to put any obstacle in
its way.
Mr. COBB. "VVe think it will stop abuses.
Mr. -NICHOLS. Then go ahead.
. Mr. CLARK, Missouri. I move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. COBB. I call the previous question. We
have the whole subject ot' the increase of the pay
of registers and receivers before us, and thegentle-
man can submit his proposition and let it come
up'separatcly and distinctly.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question be
sustained, the first vote will be on the motion to
recommit, and if that fail, the question then will
bo, " Shall the bill be ordered to be engrossed tnd
read a third time ?"
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The motion to recommit was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed it was accord-
ingly read the thiid time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to ask my col-
league one question about this bill. I understand
from the reading of the bill that it allows the re-
gisters and receivers at the land offices to receive
as much as $2,500 as commissions, and then $500
as salary. Is that the law he proposes to construe ?
Mr. CQBB. It is the law of 1818.
The bill was again reported.
Mr. COBB. I call the attention of the gentle-
man from Ohio to the words pro rata.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not interpose any ob-
jection to the passage of the bill. 1 think it could
be made more explicit; and that is what I have
said.
Mr. WASTIRURNE, of Illinois. I have a pro-
viso which I ask may be read and received.
The proviso was read, as follows:
Provided, That the ,i gicgate nmountof salary paid to all
the ofliccis that may be appointed during any one year
shall nut excced $3,500.
The SPEAKER.. The proviso can only be
received by unanimous consent.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Is the object of this bill
to lessen the pay of registers and receivers >
Mr. COBB. "It does not reduce the legitimate
fee of any officer; it only proposes to cfirrect abuse
that has crept m under the act of 1818.
S Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If I am allowed to
! answer the inquiry of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, I will do so.
I Mr. MAYNARD. Does the bill propose to
lessen the salaiies?
Mr. COBB. It leaves the salaries the same as
they were left under the act of 1SJ8. I would
restate the motives for the passage of the, bill, but
that the previous question has beerf called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the previous question has been moved.
Mr. COBB. Then 1 move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion for a moment.
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama a question with regald to
this bill. It may be very clear to him, but I do
not understand it. 1 desne to ask the gentleman
from Alabama the objret of the bill5
Mr. COBB. Did the gentleman hear me when
I reported the bill?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I d,d not.
Mr. COBB. Then I will inform him that the
object is to stop the abuse of peculation that has
been going on in the coun'ry for many years
under the act of 1318. If the gentleman had heard
the statement that was read, he would have seen
that at one office m one year the register received
upwards of ten thousand dollars. The act of
;■ 1813 never contemplated that they should receive
.< at any one office more than $2,500 a year. This
il bill is to restrict the compensation to that sum.
II It is to fix the construction of the act of 1818, and
1 to leave the salaries exactly as they were fixed by
i thet bill. It dors flt>t change them a particle.
i! Mr. BARKSDALE. If the object of the hill
Ij be to reform any abuse, then I am willing to vote
i! for it.
Mr. COBB. I knew that the gentleman would
be m favor of it. That is all it proposes.
Mr. BARKSDALE. But I am not'willing,to
lessen the compensation of registers and receivers.
Mr. G#BB. It does not do that.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move the previous
question on-the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I'wish that
my proviso may be received.
The SPEAKER. The bill is on its passage,
and has passed that point where the amendment
could be received.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, idonotwish
to embarrass the passage of the bill; I ouiy thought
it better to make it a little more certain.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's proviso
can be appended to the bill by the unanimous con-
sent of the House only.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinqis. Then I ask
that it may be appended'by unanimous consent.
Mr. EDIE. I object. That proviso is in the
bill already.
Mr. LE1TER. According to it, all the officers
would only receive $2,500 a year, in the aggregate.
Therjuestion was taken; and the bill was passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which lat-
ter motion was agreed to.
- PATENTING OF LANDS IN OHIO-.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote'by which a
bill allowing those holding lands by entries in the
Virginia military district, m Ohio, that were made
prior to the 1st of January, 1852, to have the same
surveyed and patented, which was reported from
the Committee on Public Lands was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. My object is to have it referred to a se-'
lect committee of three. Itis of no sort of interest
to anybody except the members who lepresent
that district. The gentleman who introduced the
bill, and myself, think that some amendments to
it are desirable, which will be satisfactory to all
interested. If the House will have the goodness to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, I will move to refer it to a select commit-
tee of three.
Mr. RUFFIN. I reported the bill, and should
like to know the object of the gentleman from
Ohio. . *
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman who intro-
duced' that bill, and I, have had a consultation
about it, and we think that some amendments are
required for the protection of the titles of the set-
i tiers. There is no body in the world interested
! in it except the members who represent that dis-
tnct.
Mr. RUFFIN. It is not to go back to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; to a select commit-
tee of three. .
Air. RUFFIN. I have no objection in tne world
to that.
Mr. COBB. I will state to the gentleman from
i Ohio, for his information, that the report was or-
! dercd to be made some time ago. The bill was
referred to the Committee oil Public Lands. It
I proposes to cede to the State of: Ohio ail the mil-
itary reservation granted by Virginia. The com-
: mitteehad that question under consideration, and
ordered the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Rdffin] to make aS-eport upon it. It authorizes
the Secietary of the Interior to sell to the State
of Ohio a particular tract of land, for school pur-
poses. , . , .
Mr. STANTON. The bill to which the gen-
tleman from Alabama has reference has lio coii-
1 nection with this. The one applies to vacant land ,
and this applies to land that has been entered.
The two have no connection.
The question was taken on Mr. Stanton s mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the motion by which the bill was referred to
the Committee of the ^^Vhole on the state of the
Union was reconsidered.
Mr. STANTON. I now move that the bill be
referred to a select committee of three, with power
,, to report at any time.
l! Mr. BURNETT. I do not understand why
