1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
any other contract. He has reserved the power
to give his instructions. It is a general power.
Of coarse they must be reasonable instructions.
These are reasonable; they are within the language
of the law. Now, Congress says, by passing my
amendment, we require you to reduce this service
to weekly service, and thereby save $150,000 a
year. This is the law, and this is the contract.
In my humble judgment, as I said before—Igive
it with deference to the opinion of every Senator
who has examined the question—it either means
this,- or it means nothing. Senators will see that
the contract is to be " performed " according to
his option, not " made" according to his option,
semi-weekly, weekly, or semi-monthly; but it is
to be made for service according to these rates,
and then to be performed according to his option,
running through six years. Does not a public
officerunderstand, and does not a public contract-
or understand, that circumstances will change
within six years, that the public necessities may
vary,and that, therefore, the Postmaster General
may reasonably and properly change the service?
I entertain no doubt about it, and I am therefore
not willing to withdraw my amendment. It stands
now so that if the Senate see fit to adopt the prop-
osition as I have offered it, they will direct the
Postmaster General to make this reduction. Then
it is open to the amendment that is desired by the
Senatorfrom Missouri Thatcan beoffered again,
and that proposed by the Senator from California
can be offered; but really, I think, inasmuch as
the amendment is in shape, we had better vote
upon it.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I am in favor of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Massachusetts;
and I disagree entirely with the Senator from
Michigan as to our right to change this contract.
It seems to me as clear a legal proposition as could
be submitted to a court, though I say it, as the
Senator from Michigan says, with deference. I
should never have thought there could be two
opinions about this law and this contract, if I had
not heard the argument. Why, sir, what is the
law? The law is, that the Postmaster General
may make a contract for carrying the mail semi-
monthly, weekly, or semi-weekly, at his option.
He may make a contract for the service to be per-
formed in this way. Well, he has made his op-
tion; he has made a contract; he has entered into
an agreement with parties that they shall carry
the mail semi-weekly. When he has made that
contract his authority is exercised. But, says the
Senator from Michigan, he may change the terms
of the contract; he has a right to annul the con-
tract. He has, for certain reasons; and he has
put in the contract the reasons for which he can
annul it. That excludes the idea that he can an-
nul it for any other reason. If, Mr. President,
you and 1 make a contract, and we insert in that
contract a clause that, for a certain specified reason,
either party may annul it, do we not thereby pre-
clude the idea of annulling it for any other cause ?
This contract provides:
"It is hereby further stipulated by the said contractors
and their sureties, that the Postmaster General may annul
the contract for repeated failures; for violating the Post
Office laws ; for disobeying the instructions of tiie Depait-
ment," See.
Undoubtedly these are specified cases; but the
^ instructions of the Department, here alluded to,
mean the ordinary general instructions of the De-
partment. An instruction which violates the
terms of the contract is not such an instruction as
is meant. Would it be pretended that, under
that clause, the contract could be changed and
varied at the will of the Postmaster General? I
have no doubt that the United States would be
responsible in any court of law for whatever dam-
ages would ensue from violating this contract
simply on the order of the Postmaster General,
unless it was done for a cause fully specified in
the contract; and, therefore, I am opposed to this
amendment of the Senator from Michigan.
I am in favor of the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, to allow the contractors to
take the mails over the route which they them-
selves shall select. It was my understanding,
when we passed the law two years ago, that they
should have that right, and I am for giving it to
them now. That violates no contract. But this
contract having been entered into, so far as the
Postmaster General is concerned, he not having
now the power to violate it and reduce the service,
I cannot vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan, if this is a binding contract.
There is another point of view m which I very
much doubt whether this contract is obligatory
upon the Government, and it is this: the Post-
master General, instead of allowing the contract-
ors to select their route, or even to name the start-
ing points of their route, made a contract with
them to carry the mails from points which were
not bid for at all. I think that was inconsistent
with the law; but, if the contract is a binding
one, and was legislatively entered into, I cannot
think for a moment that Congress has any au-
thority to violate it.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him—foron several occasions formerly he has
made the same allegation—upon what ground he
alleged that the law contemplated that the con-
tractors should select the route ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did that upon the terms
of the statute itself. It is section ten, of the act of
March 3, 1855, which provides:
" That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, au-
thonzed to contract for the convejauce of the entire letter
mail from such point on the Mississippi river as the con-
tractors may select, to Sail Francisco, in the State of Cali-
fornia," &.C.
Under that law the Post Office Department is-
sued proposals, in which it was stated:
" Besides the starting point on the Mississippi river, bid-
ders will name intermediate points pioposed to be embraced
in the route, and otherwise designate its course as nearly
as practicable."
Th is shows that it was the understanding of the
Department that they should name intermediate
points; and notwithstanding they did this, when
the bids were submitted there was no bid for this
particular route. The Postmaster General says:
u No bid having been made for tins particular route, and
all the bidders (whose bids weie considered regular under
the advertisement and the act ofCongres*) having consented
that their bids may be held and considered as extending and
applying to said route."
He induced the various contractors to make
their bids applicable to this particular route. Now,
I do not think he had any right to do that.
Mr. GW1N. Does the Senator say that the
bidders indicated intermediate points in their bids?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They were required to do
| so by the advertisement. Whether they did so
or not, I do not know.
Mr. GWIN. I have understood that they did
not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. They all did.
Mr. GWI-N. Indicated points?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir. *
Mr. COLLAMER. You will find by the report
of the Postmaster General that he says there
were no bids on the route which he selected.
Mr. YULEE. Has the Senator from Illinois
concluded his answer to the question I put ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have given the points;
I do not wish to elaborate them at all. It is on
that ground that I insist that the Postmaster Gen-
eral exercised an unwarranted authority in adopt-
ing a route, and a point of starting even, whiclji.
was not bid for by any of the parties.
Mr. YULEE. And upon the ground of the
law, I am led to a precisely different conclusion;
and it is because the Senator has several times
made the same allegation against the Postmaster
General that I occupy a moment m correcting it.
The law, which the Senator has read, gave to the
contractor only the right to select, in his bid, the
point of starting. The Postmaster General was
" authorized to contract for the conveyance of the
entire letter mail from such point on the Missis-
sippi river, as the contractors may select, to San
Francisco." The contractors, Butterfield, Dins-
more, and others, who hold the contract, did, in
the bid which they proposed, select St. Louis and
Memphis as the starting points on the Missis-
sippi river, and the Postmaster General adopted
the points so selected by them. The Postmaster
General called upon bidders to state the route
which they would select; and why ? Not because
they had a right to dictate the route, but because
the law had conferred upon him a discretion
whether he should put the line into operation at
all or not. Me was authorized to do it, but he
was not directed to do it; and he required to be
satisfied whether the route selected was one upon
which continuous and safe service could be car-
ried on throughout the year, and, therefore, he
required them to designate the route; and when
he found that all the bids prop.osed routes which.,
in his opinion, were not such as.would justify
him in exercising the discretion vested by law in
establishing the line, he determined on a route
upon which he thought the mails could be safely
carried, and he invited contractors to make pro-
posals for that route; and they all transferred
their bids to the route so selected by him.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise, sir, to say to the Sen-
ator that there are, doubtless, a great many things
in the Post Office Department, and in the post
routes, which have been established, that ought
to be changed; and if we had the time to do so,
it would all be very well; but we have no time to
enter into these matters as largely as we are doing.
I have thought that the overland mail service to
California ought to be diminished, and I would
vote for this amendmentof the Senator from Mich-
igan with agreat deal of pleasure; but I fear, upon
looking to the contract, that we have not the
power to do so. Nothing but that restrains me.
I would vote cordially for but one route, if I
could; but this is a large subject, and we have not
time to enter into it; fori believe that, in order to
dispatch the business of this session, we shall
have to get through with this bill and the Nawy
appropriation bill to-day and to-night. We shall
then have the miscellaneous bill; we shall have
the mail steamer bill, and we shall have the va-
rious bills upon which there are disagreements be-
tween the two Houses. Under these circum-
stances, I hope I maybe allowed to beg Senators
to come to a vote, and let us close up this bill.
We cannot enter into the whole subject of post
routes now. We have attempted as much legis-
lation as we can carry through on this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As admonished by the
Senator from Virginia, I am only going to occupy
a moment; not to argue with the Senator from
Florida. I think this is a perfect answer to what
he says about the Postmaster General's right to
.select this route. Where did he getit? The Post-
master General cannot establish post-routes; he
has no such authority; there is no law giving it
to him. This law gave to the contractors the
right to carry the mail from such point as they
should select to another point.. Now, 1 insist that
that carries with it the right to take it along such
a route as they please, when there is no authority
given to the Postmaster General to direct them
as to what route they shall take.
Mi*. YULEE. But was there no discretion
vested in him, by the law, whether to put the
route in operation, or not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That may; be.
Mr. YULEE. And, to determine that discre-
tion, it was necessary that he should be satisfied
that the route was a practicable one.
Mr. POLK. What the Senator from Florida
has said is true as far as it goes; that is, it is true
that Butterfield & Co. put in a bid from St. Louis
and from Memphis to San Francisco; but it is
also true that they put in a bid from St. Louis
only, by Springfield, to Albuquerque,and thence
to San Francisco. In the first bid, the semi-
( weekly service was $600,000. That was the ac-
! cepted bid. But in the last case, where St. Louis
! only was proposed as the point of departure, the
| semi-weekly bid was $585,000—a difference of
! <415,000.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The Chair understands that he has not accepted
the amendment suggested by the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr."BENJAMIN. There seems to be great mis-
apprehension about this matter. I have not yet
heard anybody speak really of the effect of adopt-
ing such an amendment. The Postmaster General
has informed us exactly of what lie did in rela-
tion to this contract, and he has given us an ab-
I stract of the bids. According to the bids made,
j Butterfield & Co. bid to go from St. Louis, by a
I certain route which they pointed out, by Little
I Rock, &c., to San Francisco, for a certain price.
! They also bid at a fixed priee from Memphis by
j the Albuquerque route; and they also bid from
; St Louis, by Albuquerque, to San Francisco, for
! $585,000. Then Birch's bid from Memphis only,
I not from St. Louis, for supplying a semi-weekly
i line, was $600,000; and he proposed to go by the
! Pecos river, and then through the Hueco mount-
! ains, to the Rio Grande, and then west to Fort
