1508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Ynma. Glover bid from Memphis only, by way
of El Paso and Fort Yuma, the present route,
semi-weekly, for |600,000. There were numer-
ous other bids. The Postmaster General did not
accept any one bid—the Senator from Illinois is
right about that—and why ? Because he thought
he could get two services performed for the same
price. After examining the bids, he said to the
contractors: " I want you to carry the mail both
from St Louis and from Memphis, semi-weekly,
for this $600,000; 1 want you to start at both these
points, and. unite at a common point west; I have
fixed upon Port Smith, and from there you will
go west, on the line indicated by all the Memphis
bidders. Now I shall put that in the paper, and
instead of accepting any of your bids to start
either from S,t. Louis or from Memphis, I shall
require you to start from both points, and do the
double service."
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator from Louisiana
allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. POLK. The very first bid that is given
here by Butterfield &Co., proposed to start both
from St. Louis and Memphis, and it proposed to
unite at Albuquerque, or east of it. The diffi-
culty was, as I supposed, that the Postmaster
General required them to unite at a point further
east than they were willing to do. They were
to run from St. Louis by Springfield, and from
Memphis by Little Rock, connecting at a com-
mon point at, or eastward of, Albuquerque, and
thence west.
_ Mr. BENJAMIN. That is true. There was
one bid in, undoubtedly—I ought to have noticed
that—for the double service; but that did not indi-
cate, where the double service would connect. It
was to be somewhere east of Albuquerque.
Mr. POLK. At, or east?
Mr. BENJAMIN. At, or east of, Albuquerque,
and,they might be connected by going down the
river to Memphis. That would have been a point
of conn'ection east of Albuquerque, thus having
but a single terminus on the Mississippi river.
They proposed, each one, to do the service from
Memphis, west. The Postmaster General thought
he could unite the'benefits of both termini, and
establish two routes, one from St. Louis and one
from Memphis, meeting at a common point; but
it is to be observed that, in the contract which he
lias made, he has not confined these parties to
connection at Fort Smith; but that he has per-
mitted them to connect further West, at Preston,
if they think proper; and that is indorsed on the
contract, and he so reports. He published his
proposals for all the contractors to do this double
service for the same price as they had proposed
single service for; and, he said: " in doing the
double service, my opinion is, that the best point
of westerly connection is Fort Smith." The bid-
ders all agreed to make their bids applicable to
the double service; and said: "we accept your
proposition; we will do the double service; now
solect among us." Having so declared, he then
had nothing to do but to select the most compe-
tent and responsible contractor; and he reported
to us that he had selected Butterfield & Co., as the
most responsible contractors. But the Postmaster
General had something else in view; he had his
Texas service to perform. The Texas service,
with the Pecos valley, was a local service, which
would be required for the benefit of the inhabit-
ants of Texas. He had already service from
New Orleans to Galveston and Indianola, by a
line of steamships. Ry making this route pass
from Fort Smith, via El Paso, he could make that
local service connect with the Butterfield contract
across the continent, and thus give California a
third line, without any additional cost, because he
connected the local service with the through line.
Mr. COLLAMER. That went over to San
Diego before.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I know it did; but he struck
off a part of the price.
Mr. COLLAMER. The price was increased.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is mistaken,
and I will tell him in what he is mistaken. The
service, as already explained, was continued
across the line, but the price for carrying the mail
from El Paso to Fort Yuma was stricken out.
Then the service on the remainder of the line was
mci eased in the number of trips, and in that way
the price was increased.
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly
Mr. BENJAMIN. But the Postmaster Gene-
ral got-rid of the payment of the southern line
of contract from El Pasa to Fort Yuma.
Mr. COLLAMER. Undoubtedly; for seven
hundred miles.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is exactly what I
say. He cut off seven hundred miles. I say,
then, he made the line from St. Louis to Fort
Smith west, the line from Memphis by Fort Smith
west, and then cut off seven hundred miles of
service on the southern line which had previously
existed. If he thought proper afterwards to in-
crease the extent of the service on that line, it is
an entirely independent consideration. We are
speaking now of the routes.
Well, now, what is the proposition > The prop-
osition ie, that the Postmaster General shall so
modify this contract as to permit' Butterfield &
Co. to go over from St. Louis by any route they
please.
Mr. POLK. That, I am told, is not the prop-
osition.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, that is the proposi-
tion we are now to vote on. What will become
of the Memphis line ? Suppose they go on the
thirty-fifth parallel: what will become of the San
Antonio line? Then what are they to be paid?
Are they to receive $600,000 from St. Louis west
if they go on the thirty-fifth parallel and connect
with none of the other lines? How are the other
lines to be kept up?
Mr. IVERSON. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion. The amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts does not confine the route to start from
St. Louis; but it may go anywhere. The con-
tractors may take it up to Puget Sound on one
side, and Minnusotaon the other, if they choose.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly. The Sen-
ator is enforcing my argument.
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This amendment reaches
much further than the Senator from Massachu-
setts anticipated. It breaks up the whole service;
it requires entirely new provisions to organize it
over again. You break it up; you leave other
service unprovided for; and the whole law will
have to be remodeled on account of this piovis-
ion. If Senators mean that, let them provide
the new system under which they intend the mail
to be carried; but if not, let us leave it where the
Postmaster General has left it, afti-r very mature
study and consideration.
Mr. POLK. I do not feel disposed to detain
the Senate on this question; but I think the Sen-
ator from Louisiana has pushed the matter to a
very extraordinary extreme. He says that, un-
der the bid made by Butterfield & Co., which
proposed to unite at Albuquerque, or east of it,
they could start from two points on the river and
unite at Memphis. I think, as we sometimes say
in the western country, that would be rather run-
ning it into the ground. The difficulty was, that
the Postmaster General, in the first instance,
seemed to insist upon uniting at Little Rock. I
"happen to be familiar with the geography of that
country, and I know that it is impossible to
travel from St. Louis down to Little Rock at all,
except in boats part of the time; and in very
dry weather it requires a swamp borse, that has
been raised to the business, to get-through these
swamps.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is the gentle-
man speaking of the Missouri part or the Arkan-
sas part? [Laughter.] Because I protest against
such representation in regard to my State.
Mr. POLK. I am speaking of the Missouri part.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The gentle-
man is speaking of the Missouri part. I have no
doubt it is horrible, and he has a right to speak
of his own land; but I protest against the truth
of what be says, so far as regards Arkansas land.
[Laughter.]
Mr. POLK. I am speaking of the swamp
country of Missouri; and I am speaking ofitfor
the purpose of showing that there was a neces-
sity to have a point of junction further west than
seemed to be desired by the Postmaster General
at first. The difficulty was, that tlus matter was
so arranged that it was not possible for these
contiactors to pass through Albuquerque at all.
They could not go as far up as Albuquerque.
Now that the compulsory route—if I may use
that expression, and I think I may—has been es-
tablished, and other connections have been made
with it, it is said it must be continued so, because
there have been other local connections made
with it. I suppose that, if a change is made, and
these gentlemen' see fit to take the route up by
Albuquerque, if they can take it there cheaper,
at less expense, over better ground,and through
a better climate than the one they are compelled
to go through, where they will not have to haul
water for the purpose of supplying iheir stock
fifty or sixty or more miles, but where they can
have water at all times accessible, it will be just
as easy to make connections with the route' as
they shall then establish it, as it is to make them
with the route as it is now established; and I be-
lieve the connections can be made with that route
at a much cheaper rate.
Now, sir, as I said before, though I Was at the
time, and am now, thoroughly convinced that
another route would be a better one, I would not
be disposed to break up this one, if I thought it
would add to the expense of transporting the
mail; but I do not understand that it will.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator will excuse
me, for a moment, if I ask him a question. Sup-
pose these contractors should only carry the St.
Louis mail by Albuquerque, will it not be neces-
sary, then, for the Postmaster General to contract
for the carriage of the mail from San Antonio
west, for the distance between El Paso and Fort
Yuma ?
Mr. POLK. I do not know enough about the
conditions of the contracts down there, to answer
the question satisfactorily to myself. 1 know
that at the time the contract was made with But-
terfield & Co., there was a contract for carrying
the mail from San Antonio to San Diego, through
El Paso.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is broken up now.
Mr. POLK. It has been broken up in order
to accommodate this forced route down through
Prestoh and El Paso and Fort Yuma. In order
to compel these contractors to deviate from a
straight line two or three degrees of latitude, tho
route is taken down there; and, because the two
are to run on the same line, which was not, in
my opinion, the idea of Congress atall in passing
the act, the Department suspends one for a part
of the distance. 1 think the people of the Pecos
valley can bo better accommodatcd by having this
route run to Albuquerque, and from there west,
than having it run down to El Paso.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
upon the amendment of Mr. Wilson, resulted
—yeas 20, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—"Messrs. BrodPiick, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Coilamer, Dixon, Doohttfe, Durkpe, Foot, Foster, Harlan,
King, Polk, Pugh, Seward, .Shields, Simmons, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Alton, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown,
CheMiut, Clay, Chn man, Crittenden, Fitcb, Fitzpatrick,
Green, Gwm, Uam-nond, Houston, Hunter, lverson, John-
son of Arkansas, Johnson ot'Tennessee, Jones, Lane, Ma-
son, Pearce, Reid, Rice, Slidell, Stuart, Toombs, Ward,
and Yulec—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRODERICK. I submit, now, the amend-
ment which I withdrew before, for the purpose
of allowing a vote on the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. It is to insert, as an
additional section:
Jlnii he U further enacted, Tli.u, tlie Postmaster General
bo, and tie is hereby, authorized and directed to order an %.
increase of sei vice <ind speed on the mail route between
Sr. Joseph, Missouri, and Placeiville, California, so as to
give semi-weekly trips each way, and through in twenty-
live davs: Provided, That the contractors will consent to
perform the increased service herein specified, for a sum
not exceeding fifty per cent, of the pro rata usually allowed
by the Department for such increased service.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote
Mr. BRODERICK. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. This overland mail route
through the South Pass is the traveled route.
The people on the frontier know this full well.
It will be very difficult to convince them that the
interest of the public requires a twenty-five days'
service on a southern route nine hundred miles
longer than this one, and a service of thirty-eight
days on the direct line across from the western
Sta'tes to the Pacific coast. This mail route from
St. Joseph to San Francisco is on the direct line
from the States in the Mississippi valley to the
Pacific States. The service on the Butterfield
route, which has been represented here to be some
nine hundred miles longer than the one now under
