1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
consideration, is made in twenty-five days, as I
understand, whilst this contract allows the con-
tractors thirty-eight days to perform each succes-
sive trip. If I understand the amendment, it is
to put the two routes on the same time. This
route, which is nine hundred miles shorter than
the other, is proposed to be put on precisely the
same time. It seems to me that it is due to the
interests of the public, it is due to the interests of
the people of tne northwestern States, that the
travql on this route should be puton the same time
with the travel on the southwestern route.
Mr. GREEN. I would recommend to the Sen-
ator from California to withdraw this amendment
at this time; and I will state the reason why I
think it will be the better policy to withdraw it.
I think it right to put the service from St. Joseph
to Placerville on the same basis with the service
on the Butterfield route; but we have not yet voted
whether we will reduce the service on the Butter-
field route to weekly service, or whether it shall re-
main semi-weekly. By making this semi-weekly
now, it might embarrass the vote on the other;
and, as there cannot be any system of tactics that
can possibly prevent the Senator from again mov-
ing this amendment, after we have voted on the
other, I think it will be better policy to withdraw
it until we take,that vote. 1 will vote to reduce
the other to weekly service; and I will vote to
make this weekly service in the same time—twen-
ty-five days. It is right to the section of country
to be benefited by this overland route. But if you
persist in keeping the Butterfield route at semi-
weekly service, I will vote to make this semi-
weekly. For that reason, 1 think itwill be better
policy to withdraw this amendment until we vote
on the other.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal to the honorable Sen-
ator from California to reduce the number of trips
on this route to the same number as on the other.
Mr. BRODERICK. That is what I have pro-
vided for.
Mr. SEWARD. How many trips do you re-
quire?
Mr. ERODERICK. Two a week.
Mr. SEWARD. Reduce this to one a week,
and we will reduce the other to weekly service.
Mr. ERODERICK. I shall vote against reduc-
ing the other to weekly service; but I witl with-
draw this amendment now, at the suggestion of
the Senator from Missouri, in order to allow the
Senator from Michigan to offer his amendment.
Mr. STGART. I withdrew my amendment
temporarily for the purpose of letting the Senator
from Massachusetts get a vote on his. I now
offer it again:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Po^tinast'T GeufMal
be, and he m hereby, directed to reduce the service under
the contract with Butterfield & Co., made September 16,
J857, ioi eairying the mail fiom the Mi^iecippi river to San
"Francisco, to weekly trip-*, at a compensation of §4511,000
per annum, provided in section ten of the act of March
3, 1857; said reduction to commence with the next quarter.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall take the risk of voting
for this, in order to escape the other. Indeed, I
believe it is proper to do so, if we have the right
under the contract, and I will take the risk of our
having to pay any damages.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODERICK. Now I renew my amend-
ment.
Mr. LANE. I should be glad to have the
amendment of the Senator from California read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator should strike
out the word " semi-weekly."
Mr. BRODERICK. Yes, sir; that word should
be stricken out, and " weekly" inserted, and
$160,000 should also be putin as the price.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think it requires no other
amendment, except to strike out the word " semi-
weekly," and put in " weekly;" because it pro-
vides for doing the increased service £t a reduction
of the pro rata usually allowed.
Mr. LANE. As there is no overland mail to
Oregon, and as this is on the direct line to that
State, I desire to inquire whether it would be in
order to move to amend this amendment so as to
authorize the Postmaster General to contract for
service to connect with this route at Salt Lake to
Roseburg, in southern Oregon, and from Salt
Lake to the Dalles, in Oregon.
Mr. HUNTER. That reminds me that the
amendment of the Senator from California is out
of order. It proposes to increase the expense,
and ^it does not come from a committee, and is
not in pursuance of an estimate. I raise a ques-
tion of order on it,
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that this amend-
ment will reduce the cost of carrying the mail by
lessening the number of trips.
Mr. LANE. No; this increases the number
of trips.
Mr. HUNTER. It increases the expense, and
we have no right to introduce such an amendment
on an appropriation bill 'unless it comes from a
committee, or in pursuance of an estimate. We
see that already the Senator from Oregon feels
bound to move to amend it by adding something
which he would not have a right to offer under
the rules.
Mr. LANE. I should think that no Senator,
seeing that Oregon has no overland mail service
at all, would refuse to provide for overland mail
service to Oregon. If the amendment of the Sen-
ator from California is in order, and if a vote is to
be had on it, then I am sure the Senate will agree
that mail service shall be provided for from Salt
Lake to Roseburg, in southern Oregon, on a route
already established, and from Salt Lake to the
Dalles, on a route already established.
Mr. HUNTER. 'I hope the Chair will decide
the question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid in
the chair.) If the effect of the amendment of the
Senator from California be to increase an appro-
priation, it is not in order under the r.ules, unless
it is reported from a committee.
Mr. BRODERICIC. If the Senate will permit
me to get the action of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads on my amendment, I will
withdraw it temporarily for that purpose. I sup-
pose I am get the consent of that committee to
offer it.
Mr. LANE. If the object of withdrawing this
amendment is to submit it to the Post Office "Com-
mittee, with a view of having their consent to its<
introduction, then I ask that the Post Office Com-
mittee be also requested to provide for mail service
to Oregon, upon the routes that I indicated. Cer-
tainly the Post Office Committee will not refuse
that to my State, especially as in all the bills pend-
ing there is not one cent asked for Oregon. If
there is, I am not aware of it. As we have asked
nothing 
Mr. SHIELDS. I suggest to my"honorable
friend from Oregon to prepare his proposition and
submit it to the members of the Post Office Com-
mittee.
Mr. LANE. I would do so with pleasure if I
could be certain to have their consideration of it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am informed
j that it has been decided that a reconsideration of
! a vote taken in Committee of the Whole cannot
i be had. An amendment was adopted a short time
| ago which certainly went through by surprise,
j After the debate on it had proceeded for some
I time, I became satisfied, from my observation,
| that the sense of the Senate was entirely against
| the prudence, or the wisdom, or even the legal
i right of Congress to attempt to cut down the over-
; land service to California; or in other words, to
j change a contract which had already been made
by the Postmaster Geneial in obedience to the
^existing law of Congress.
! Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator from
' Arkansas will give way to me, I will move a re-
consideration, in order that we may have the yeas
' and nays on that question.
, /Hie PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairde-
; cfded this morning that the Senate, when acting
i as in Committee of the Whole, cannot reconsider
1 a vote upon an amendment. The object can be
! attained, however, by taking a vote after the
j amendments are repoited to the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well; I hope my hon-
orable friend from Arkansas will attend to that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas Then I give
notice now that I shall ask for a separate vote on
the amendment to which I allude, when we come
into the Senate, and shall ask that it be rejected.
It was adopted when the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Davis] and the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] happened to be out of their
seats, and my own attention was not called to it.
The matter was discussed, and I thought the
opinion of the Senate was decidedly against the
amendment. The Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] stated that he could not say that it was
not a violation of contract such as would subject
this Government to the payment of damages, if
we chose to interfere with it. That amendment
has been adopted, although it app'ears to me that
it had no support of any consequence in.thiabody.
I shall move to strike it out at the proper tihre.
Mr. RICE. I spn instructed by the'Cammittee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer the
following amendment, as additional sections:
he it further enacted. That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, authorized to contractJbr the convey-
ance of the entire lettefmail from St. Paul, m the State of
Minnesota, and thfe head of Lake Superior, in Wisconsin,
to Seattle, on Puget Sound, in the Territory of Washington,
for six years, at a cost not exeeedmg $300,000 per annum
for semi-weekly service.
Jlnd be it further ehacted, That the contraetorti shall have
the right of preemption to one hundred and sifrty acres
land not then disposed of, or reserved, at.each point neces-
sary foi a station, not to be less than ten miles distant from
each other: *4ndpiovided, That no mineral land shall he
thus preempted.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That tfce said service shall be
pertormed within t,weiuy days for each trtp; and that, be-
fore! entering inio such contract, the Postmaster General
shall be satisfied of the ability.^nd disposition of the par-
tics, bona fide and in good faith, to perform the said contract,
paid shall require good and sufficient security for the per-
formance of the same; the service to commence within
three months after signing the contract.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the cost of said service be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not Otherwise ap-
propriated.
Mr. ERODERICK. I hope"*the vote will be
allowed to be taken on my amendment before the
question is put on the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota.
Mr. BRODERICK. I ask the Senator from
Minnesota to withdraw that amendment tempo-
rarily. I will vote for it, but I desire first to get
the action of the Senate on my amendment.
Mr. RICE. I shall yield with great pleasure,
if the Senator from California can assure me that
his amendment will not take up the remainder of
the day.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask if this amendment is
sanctioned by a committee?
Mr. RICE. 1 had theunanimous consent of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
report it; and some of the members of that com-
mittee were so strongly of the opinion that this
service should be established, that they reduced
the estimates on other routes to a sufficient
amount to allow this to be put into operation, I
am not going to take up the time of tue Senate on
this discussion. I think there has been quite
enough said on the general subject to-day.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a suggestion to him ? It seems
to mo, that if he will modify his amendment so as
to provide for weekly, instead of semi-weekly
service, and reduce the price one half, it will go
through without trouble.
Mr. RICE. I shall occupy but a minute of the
time of the Senate;! know the importance of saving
time now, and have felt it myself. There Has not
been a single argument advanced in favor of any
one of the other routes, and they are ail southern
routes, which will not apply with equal force to
this. There can be no vctlid objection to this. It
will not lequire one half the amount of money;
it will not require the preemption of one half as
much land; and the service can be pe-rformed
on it in from six to ten days less time. I venture
j to say, that, if this route is established, you can
; send letters from the city of Washington by way
. of St. Paul to Puget Sound, and from thence to
i San Francisco, in less time than they are now
| sent from here over the $600,000 mail route to
; San Francisco; but I will not take up time. I
; shall simply content myself with moving some
' amendments to make this conform to the provi-
' siohs for the other routes. I propose to strike
j out the word " semi," so as to make this mail a
i weekly one, and strike out $300,000 and insert
i $200,000 as the cost of the service. These inodi-
j ^cations will meet the views of the Senator from
; New York. I presented, some five or six weeks
i ago, a memorial of citizens of Minnesota on thig
j subject, setting forth many interesting facts in
regard to this route. That memorial has been
j printed and laid on the table of every Senator; and
[ I presume every gentleman's mind is made up. I
shall, therefore, say nothing more on the subject.
I hope the*vote will be taken.
