1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4f8(
shackles which oppressed the many for the benefit
of the favored few. The gentleman, it seems to
me, would hardly express the opinion, though he
intimated it, that the navigation laws of England
are likely to be restored. I presume he has no
such expectation. No, sir; at this moment the
British Government, in this- respect, occupies
sublime position before the world. She has de-
stroyed every vestige of her protective system.
, There is not a vestige left; there is not a sem-
blance of protection remaining in all British legis-
lation; not one.
- Mr. COMINS. Will the gentleman inform me
whether there is not a heavy duty levied upon
Virginia tobacco?
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts ought to know that the article of tobacco
is taxed by England as a luxury, and not to pro-
tect the growth of the article m her own domin-
ions. So far from it, she even prohibits, by heavy
penalties, the cultivation of tobacco in Ireland,
iier object is revenue alone. The case is exactly
opposite to protection.
I repeat, there is not a vestige of the system of
protection left in England. The duties levied
there are for revenue, and not for protection. Un-
der this new system she is rapidly advancing
in greatness and power. Gentlemen here, while
complaining of this, urge that we should adopt
a policy by which we may compete with her. It
is strange that while England is growing stronger
by abandoning protection, we should insist on
making the attempt to rival her growing power
by returning to protection. What a strange com-
mentary on protection!
Mr. IvEITT obtained the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amendment
is exhausted.
Mr. MORSE,of Maine. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Chairman, I think that it
is impossible to reach any practical result, any
action on this bill at this period of the session,
with so many measures of importance crowding
upon us, and with so littleJjjgie left. I think it
unwise that we should conKrme day after day in
the discussion of this measure in detail, when it
must be clear to everybody that no practical re-
sult will be reached in the way of passing the
bill. The biil is one embracing "two hundred and
eighty-nine pages, with countless details, origin-
ating questions of an exciting character, leading
to protracted debate, and which forbid the idea,
during the rest of tins session, of the House
coming to any conclusion on it. I move to strike
out the enacting words of the bill, leaving the
matter to be ongmated in the next Congress,
winch will begin with a long session, and when
the House can, if it chooses, in detail, go over
this bill and peifect it. 1 move to strike out the
enacting clause.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Chairman, I
am quite aware that this motion is not debatable,
but 1 trust that I may have the indulgence of the
committee in being suffered to say a word ortwo
before the motion is put, in reply to what has
fallen from the lips of my friend from South Car-
olina. I do not mean to detain the committee,
nor do 1 mean to urge strenuously upon this com-
mittee a course which may be incompatible with
the interests of the country, or the temper of the
committee. I can but say that the bill has been
presented to the consideration of the committee
fairly; that it claims its deliberations fairly; that
it comprehends and alludes to questions of as
great importance as any that can be presented to
this committee now or at any other time, and that
the tffnc of the House cannot be more profitably
employed than upon this bill. If the bill is to be
passed, its details must be examined. Without
an examination of its details, this bill cannot pass
now or at any other time.
Nov/, sir, referring this committee to its duty
to the country, to its duty to itself, I am content
that a test question should now be made in this
committee of its sense, whether it will pass or* at-
tempt to pass or will reject the bill. For one, I
am ready for the question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Was not the mo-
tion to strike out the enacting clause voted down
a little while ago, and can it be now renewed?
The CHAIRMAN. Business has intervened
since the question was last put, and it is now in
order to renew the motion.
Mr. COM1NS. I hope the motion made by
the gentleman from South Carolina will not pre-
vail. I think that it is the duty of the House to
devote a few days to the consideration of this bill,
with a view of amending and perfecting it; and
not, in this summary way, dispose of a bill upon
which so much labor has been bestowed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call fo*
tellers. *
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Buffinton were appointed.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative, the tellers having reported—ayes
75, noes 52.
So the committee agreed to strike out the en-
acting words of tho bill.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Smith, of Ten-
nessee, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly Ilouaebili (No. 487) for the codifica-
tion of the ievenue laws of the United States, and
for other purposes, and had directed him to re-
port the same back with-the recommendation that
the enacting; words be stricken out.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Is not a motion that the bill
be recommitted with instructions now in order?
 Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has called the previous question. If the
House refuses to strike out the enacting clause, a
motion to recommit will be in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The report of the commit-
tee is to strike out the enacting words of the bill.
Now, is it not a rule clearly laid down in the
Manual, and the rules of the-Iiouse, that a motion
to recommit is in order any time from the report-
ing of the bill until it is passed? I refer to rule 120
of the House and the accompanying note.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman state the
precise point which he desires to submit?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want to make a motion to
recommit thia bill to the Committee of the Whole
'on the state of the Union, with instructions. The
question comes up in this order: The Committee
of the Whole on the state of 'he Union have re-
ported back this bill with the recommendation to
strike out the enacting words. The question now
comes up upon agreeing or disagreeing to that rec-
ommendation. Is it not in order, then, at this
time, to move that the bill be recommitted, with
instructions ? That is the point I wish to make.
I think that the motion to recommit is inorder at
any time before the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the question must be first taken on the report
of the committee. If the House non-concurs in
its recommendation, then it would be in order to
move to recommit the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to a standing,
or to a select committee of the House, with or
without instructions.
Mr. GIDDINGS. With all possible respect,
I must say that I think that the Chair is in error.
I had conceived that it was in order at any time
to move to recommit a hill after the report and
previous to its'Passage; that it could be recom-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, or to a select or standing com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will perceive
that there is an insuperable difficulty in the way
of hip making his motion to recommit in the pres-
ent condition of the repoit. That report has been
submitted to the House; and upon that the gen-
tleman from New York demands the previous
question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I appeal to the gentleman
to withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would do so with
great pleasure; but I am as anxious to save the
I time of the House as the committee was to save
its time.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have a deep interest in this
bill, and I want to see it acted on. I ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion, and to let me have a vote on my proposition
to recommit with instructions.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 am very sorry
that, under the circumstances, I cannot feel it con-
sistent with my sense of duty to withdraw the
call for the previous question. :
Mr. GIDDINGS*. Then I hope that the if o^use
will vote it down, in order that we may h^Ye^a
vote on my proposition Let us meet pqjht
like men.. '
The SPEAKER. The previous question <ex-
hausts itself on tho recommendation'of the com-
mittee. It does not extend to the third reading
of the bill.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. GIDDINlaS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on ordering themain question;and call for tellers
on'the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; anci'Messrs. Chaffee
and Boycs were appointed.
The House divided; and the fellers reported—
ayes 24; noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was ordered; which was on
concurringin the recommendation of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union tosthke
out the enacting words of the bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson. Andrews, Atkins, Barksda'le,
Bingham, Th.iyton, Burlniimmo, Case, Ezra Clark, Horace
F. Clark. Clay, Colfax, Coimn?, Covodc, Cragin. James
Craig, Crawford, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Mississippi, Dawes, Dean, Dewait, Dick, Dodd,
Darfee, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Gamett, (Jartrell, Oilman,
Gilmer, Gooch. Giangei, Giegg, GiooUcck, Grow, Itobert
R. IlcillfclJailrtn. Dams, Tlaskin, Hickman, Itoaid, Ilorton,
Uownid, Owen Jones, Kemi, Kent, Kellong, Kelsey.Knapp,
Lawrence, Leach, Leiter, McQueen, McRae, Samuel S.
Marshall, Matteson, Maynard, Miles. Miller, Montgomery,
Moigan, nil, Isaac N. Morn*, Freeman H. Morse, Olin,
Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Peirit, Phillips, Pike, Pottle,
Purviance, Ready, Ritchie, liobbins, ltoyce, Sandidge,
Savage, Scales, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Singleton,
Robert Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson, William
Stewait. Talbot, Tappan, George Tayloi, Thayer. Thomp-
son, Tompkins. Tnppe, Vance, Walbridge, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Isiucl Washburn, Walking, Whiteley, Wilson, Wood,
and Woitendvke—108.
NAYS —Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Pair. Boeoek, Bowie,
Boyee, Iliitneh, Bijan, JLiffinton, Burnett, Hurus. Caskie,
Cavanaugh, Chalice, John B. Clark, Cluw on, Cobb, John
Cochrane. CocUei ill, Coming. Cox. Curry, David.>on, Davi3
of Iowa, Dimmtck, Dowdell, Elliott. English,Eu t^, Fauis-
worth, Florence, biddings, Gieenwood, Lawrence W.
Hall, Hatch, Hopkins, Houston, IJujler. Jackson, Jewett,
Geoige VV. Jones, Lovcjov, Maciay, Humphrey Marshall,
MilKon, Mooie, Moit.Muiiay, Nibl.uk, Nichols, I^eyton,
William W Phelps Potter, Powell, fteacran, liutfin, Rus-
sell, Scott, Seatrtig, Seward, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith', Willunn Smith, Spinner, James A.
Stewait, Miles Tayloi, Underwood, VaUandtghani, Wade,
CadwaJader C. Washburn, EHihn B. Wahiiburne, White,
Wnislow, and Augustus R. W light—S<1.
So the House concurrcd in the recommendation
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union that the enacting words of the bill be stricken
out.
Mr. PHILLIPS moved to leconsider the vote
by which the enacting; words of the bill were
stricken out; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled:
An act to audioijze the President to make ad-
vances of money to Hiram Powers;
An act authorizing the issue of registers io the
steamships America and Canada, and to change
the names of said steamships; and
An aci for the relief of Martin Layman;
When the Speaker signed the same.
A GOVERNMENT LOAN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous can-
Rent uf the House to introduce the following res-
olution.
Resolved. TJjat the Committee of Way? and Mean'; be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot authorizing thu
Secietaiy of the Tieasiuv to negotiate a loan to -apply such
t'-mposafy e.\ee&  ol expenditures over receipts a-* now ex-
ists, or is estimated to exist on the 30th June, 1&C0.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I object.
SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. HOUSTON. With a view of taking up the
bills on the Speaker's tabic, i move now to proceed
to the consideration of the business ont the Speak-
er'?? table.
The motion was not agreed to.
