mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
joint resolutions of georgia.
Mr. SEWARD, by xlnanianous consent, pre-
sented.joint resolutions of the State of Georgia, in
reference, respectively, to the appointment of a
commission to examine and report on the extent,
durability, and value of pine forests in Georgia;
to a naval depot at Brunswick, Georgia; and to
certain mail routes; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
message from the president.
- A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, through Mr, J. B.
Henry, his Private Secretary.
president's annual message.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's mo-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Steven-
son in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the President's annual message, on which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr; Cox] was entitled to
the floor.
territorial expansion.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I would not have
sought the flooi when 1 did, had I not been ex-
pecting daily a telegraphic dispatch which would
have called me home, and perhaps unfitted me for
saying what I wished, in relation to the questions
of a foreign nature connected with our territorial
expansion.
There is a logic in history which is as inexora-
ble as fate. A writer in the time of the first Stuart,
gave as the number of the kingdoms of Christen-
dom, five-and-twenty. But there was n£ mention
of three of the principal nations, Russia, Austria,
and Prussia, in their picsent condition; nor of
twelve other nations out of the twenty now enu-
merated in Europe; nor of the thirty petty sov-
ereignties now extant in Germany. Within two
centuries, the transatlantic continent has changed
its territory and rulers beyond all the caprices of
fancy; yetby a law as fixed as that which returns
the seasons or rolls the stars.
The disquieting aspect of cisatlantic politics
signifies the consummation of territorial changes
on this continent, lon£ predicted, long delayed,
but as certain as the logic of history !
Some of these changes in Europe have been
through decay, dissolution, and disintegration.
Spain was once the Peru and Mexico of the Old
World. The ancestors of the hidalgo were en-
slaved in the mines of Spain by Rome and Car-
thage. But now, Leon, Aragon, Castile, Navarro,
Toledo, Galicia, and Granada,once separate king-
doms, have lost their isolated glory, and are only
known as the props of the " worm-eaten throne
of Spam." The slionger uiecs of Euiope have
consolidated their power by extending its sphere
and absorbing the weaker neighboring nations.
England, Ireland, and Scotland, by union, have
transplanted their colonies and multiplied then-
strength; and Russia has clasped the half of Eu-
rope and Asia in its strong embrace, until, fiom
the furthest West we perceive the conflict of their
civilization in the furthest East!
These are but illustrations of a law from which
America is not exempt. Not more surely will
northern Africa, and indeed the countnes whoso
boundaiies arc coincident with the Mediterra-
nean, become French; western and northern Asia
become Nubian; and southern and central Asia
become English, than this continent become Amer-
ican ! The law which commands this is higher
law than congressional enactment. If we do not
work witli it, it will work in spite of us. This
law may be expressed thus:
That the weaker and disorganized nations muct be
absorbed by the strong and organized nation. Nation-
alities of infoior grade must sui render to these of
superior civilization and polity !
Whether the races of tins continent'be in a
tribal condition, as our Indians: in n semi-civil-
ized and anarchical condition, as are the Central
and South American and Mexican races, they
must obey this law of political gravitation. This
law drives them to the greater and more*illustri-
ons State for protection, happiness, and advance-
ment? Whether the United States g;o and take
them, or they come and ask to bo taken, no mat-
ter. They must whirl in; throw off their nebu-
lous and uncertain form, and become crystalized
into the higher forms of civilization.
The largest expression of this law of annexa-
tion, is: That no nation has the right to hold soil,
virgin and rich,yetunproducing; nonationhasa
right to hold great isthmean highways, 01* strong
defenses, on this continent, without the desire,
will, or power, to use them. They ought, and
must, inure to the advancement of our commerce.
They must become confiscate to the decrees of
Providence!
In carrying out these designs, we have, from
time to time, added territory from France, Spain,
and Mexico. We have endeavored to add other
territory, which the jealousy of France, Spain,
and especially of England, has prevented. It is
not my purpose now to rehearse our history in
this regard. We may have kept step with our
interests and our destiny; but at this juncture,
standing on the threshold of this new year, we
are only marking time, not moving forward ! It
is well to inqiiirc whether there is not now upon
us, as the assembled expression of this nation, a
peculiar duty with respect to this element of our
progress. My judgment is, that we are to-day,
derelict. We are not up to the enterprise of the
nation. If we consider just now the elements of '
our people, martial, mechanical, intellectual, ag-
ricultural, and political, who will doubt but that
there are a dozen loeomotive Republics already
fired up and ready for movement?
The Executive has done his duty. lie has
boldly followed out his Ostend ideas. Me has
urged upon usaduty, which being undone, leaves
him powerless, and leaves the national enthu-
siasm and expansion a prey to adventurous raids
and seditious propagandists. Had the Thirty-
Fourth Congress aitled President Pierce in the
Black Warrior matter, we should now have rep-
resentatives from CuWa on this floor!
The President has called our attention to the
territory upon our south. Not New Granada—
she will come 111 time.' Not Venezuela—she is
even yet more vital than New Granada; but the
country north of these, and lying between them
and us, must be absorbed. For this absorption
we must contend, not so much with the people,
whose interests will be enhanced by the absorp-
tion, but with Spain, France, and England, who
have no interests comparable with our own.
These interests and antagonisms I propose to
consider in this order: First, Cuba; second, Cen-
tral America; third, Mexico.
As to Cuba, the leasons for its acquisition are
well understood by the country. The message
has succinctly and ably presented them. Us geo-
graphical position gives to the nation which holds
it, unless that nation be very weak, a coign of
vantage as to which self-preservation forbids us
to be indifferent. Our Mississippi, foieign, and
coast-wise tnule, now $200,0i(0,()U0, and m ten
years- to bo$500,000,000, are within its compass;
while the island is of little use to Sp^n, suve as
n source of revenue, it is to us of incalculable
advantage. The nature of the colonial office in
Cuba—its power to harm, us rcmedilessly, unless
we go to Madrid for remedy; and the final stop-
1 ping of the slave trade, are reasons well urged by
1 the President. OurunseUled claims, and the many
| other difficulties growing out of our relations to
i Spdin, demand settlement, but receive none.
| How long shall we continue in this condition ?
' During the pleasure of Spain? Is there no re-
| di ess ? Is our every attempt to be construed into
I a usurpation? What impediments have we to
| meet? There is one which has since Mr. Polk's
I time, proved insurmountable—Spanish pride. It
is well said by an old poet, that
il Spain gives us pride, which Spain of all the earth
Way freely give, nor lear heisselr' a deauh."
Since then, there has been no curtailment of that
pride. True, Spain has now little to be proud of
but her recollections. Poor, sensitive, corrupt,
she holds to the punctillio of dignity without its
substantial energy. If Spain will not sell Cuba
to us, because she feels that she will thereby sell
her honor, we must insist on her changing its
policy. She should keep the island aloof from
French intervention. She should preserve its
independence.
Above ail, Spain should abolish her present in-
famous tariff. Her export tariff is an anomaly in
commerce, and her tariff on imports is still more
barbaric. Her export duty, which is a direct tax
on the producer of her sugars and tobacco, does
not so much affect us as the tax which she loads
on our flour, pork, beef, and lard. We have tried
in vain by diplomacy to^unloosen these shackles.
Nothing but the sword can cut them off.
Up to 1809,Spain imposed restrictions on Cuba,
by which no trade at all was allowed with any
foreign nation. After this, and on the revival of
the Spanish merchant-marine, the differential duty
on goods imported in foreign bottoms was enacted.
It was intended to crush out the trade with the
United States. This continued till 1834, when
this Congress passed retaliatory laws. No coun^
tervailing acts, however, could move the mean-
ness of Spanish restriction. American flour and
other staples for which Cuba must look to a foreign
market, are excluded. Thus a balance of trade,
averaging $10,000,000 per year, is kept constantly
against us. The duty in Cuba on flour imported
from Spain is only $2 50 per barrel; from the Uni-
ted States,in American or other foreign bottoms,
it is $10 81. So that, if flour be woith five dollars
in Cincinnati, the cost to the Cuban consumer is
sixteen dollars per barrel! This enormous tax
on flour prevents its use in the island, except by
the wealthy few—the thirty-five thousand Span-
iards. The body of the poor and oppressed Cre-
oles are compelled to use the dry and insipid Cas-
sava root as a substitute for bread. This tariff on
flour, added to an infamous tonnage-tax, operates
as a prohibition on flour. With a moderate duty,
or if Cuba were annexed, this consumption, as it
is estimated by our economists, would be a mil-
lion of barrels ! It would be enjoyed by us ex-
clusively—mure to the benefit of the farmers of
my State and yours. That is evident from the
fact that no other country could compete with us
in that staple; for no other country is so near to
Cuba, or so prolific in breadstuff's.
We expoited to Cuba, in 1857, only 45,145
barrels of flour, worth $324>410; in 1858, 17,905
barrels, worth $105,069. Of other articles, beef,
pork, lard, hams, and bacon, and including: flour,
we had, in 1857, but $1,863,783; in 1858, but
$1,228,119. WheMas, had a liberal commercial
economy, like tharwBelgium, Holland, or Great
Britain obtained, we should have had, at least,
$10,000,000 of produce exported. This would
nearly have balanced our trade in sugar and cof-
fee, and on these we have fixed no prohibitive
tariff! Thus our commerce is crippled under the
blows of this Spanish oppression. Why even the
Spanish Crown would be better helped, by a more
liberal policy* Such a system in this era of com-
mercial freedom, is a shame to civilization, and
if international law were rightly written,it would,
itself, be a cause of honorable war!
But I have little hopes that Spain will sell Cuba,
or that the Cubans understand the nature of the
blessings which attend annexation. They will
not perceive that they become, by annexation,
coequal with New York and Ohio, in a common
league for the common weal. They fear for their
church and domestic institutions, as if they were
any part of Federal concernment.
I was surprised to meet an impediment raised
by a distinguished Senator from South Carolina
in his Barnwell speech. 1 trust it is not shared
by many southern men. He objects to taking
Cuba; first, because it may involve a war, whose
consequences he states to be fearful. He leaves us
in doubt as to these consequences. Does he mean
the reduction of Cuba to the condition of Hayti ?
A terrible consequence. That may follow; but
that is rather an English than a Spanish threat,
and hardly capable of execution in a time when
Spain and France are reviving the slave trade to
cheapen tropical producc. His second objection
is more salient. 1 quote it entire:
" If we had Cuba, we could not make more than two or
three slave States tiiere, which would not restore the equi-
librium of the North and South; while, with the African
slave tiade closed, and her only resort to this continent, she
would, besides crushing out our whole sugar culture by her
com uetition, afford m a few yeais a market for air the; slaves
in Missouri, Kentucky, and Maryland. She is, notwith-
standing the exorbitant taxes imposed on her, capable now
of absoibing the annual increase of ail the slaves on this
continent, and consumes, it is said, twenty or thirty thou-
sand a year by her system of labor. Slaves decrease there
largely. In time, under tfee system practiced, every slave
in America might be exterminated m Cuba as were the In-
dians. However the idle African may procieate in the
tiopscsjU yet remains to be pi oven, and the facts are against
tiie conclusion, that he can, in those regions, woik and
thrive. It is baid Cuba is to he ' Aincanized,' rather than
that the United States should take her. That threat, which
