1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
atone time was somewhat alarming, is no looser any cau?e
ofdisquierudft to the SouUi, ai'ter our experience of the Af-
ricamzuie of St. Domingo and Jamaica. What liave we lost
by that? 1 think we reaped some benefit; and if the slaves
of Cuba aro turned loose, a great susjar culture would gtow
np in Louisiana and Texas, rivalling that of cotton, and
diverting fiom it so much labor that cotton would rarely be
below its present price."
This objection is two-fold. The inter-5#te
slave trade with Cuba, in case of annexation, he
thinks, would make several free States, by the
demand and consumption of negroes; and even if
it would not, Cuba would not give the South the
preponderance^!! the Union; and secondly, sugar
he thinks would be cheap to the whole Union;
while a few thousand sugar planters, who just
thrive on the bounty they now get, would be
ruined. As to the argument about Kentucky,
Missouri, and Maryland, becoming fiec through
Cuban annexation, I leave that to the members
froflft those States. As to the sugar, I say, that
an argument of that kind addressed to a free-trade
people by a free trader, should go far to weaken
the moral of his great and frank speech, as it does
the economy of his politics. Tq> the people of
my State, such an argument will only quicken,
their ambition to acquire Cuba;notalone because
of the millions to he gained by an increase of our
exports thither, which are taxed prohibitively, but
because we pay a tax on Cuban sugar, which is
harsh, protective, and indefensible, in any epoch
of a depressed exchequer. In 1857, there were,
in all, of sugar and molasses, imported from Cuba
into the United States, $40,093,4G6 worth. The
tariff on these sugars was $12,023,039 80. Ohio
paid one tenth of this, or about twelve hundred
thousand dollars, which is equal to her immense
School tax, and nearly half a million more than
she pays for her State government, and nearly,
one half of the expenses of all her counties. By
our tariffof 1857, we reduced the tax on sugar six
per cent, and the panic reduced the importation
enormously. During the year ending June 30,
1658, our sugars from Cuba amounted to only
$18,620,02*2, giving a revenue of $4,463,805 28, at
twenty-four per cent, ad valorem.
Since 1847, when Mr. Polk proposed annexa-
tion, this nation must have paid over sixty mil-
lions sugar tax ! Ohio has puid of that sum
$0,000,01)0. My district has paid one twentieth
part of $6,000,000, or $300,001); an annual tax of
$30,QUO—all for what? That one of the prime ne-
cessaries of life should be fostered into premature
growth, to aid a few sugar planters in the Sohth !
If Cuba cannot be annexed, to break this servil-
ity, by which the many are made tributary to the
few, then we must remodel our Democracy and
economy. My State Legislative, in ld54,passed
a resolution, at my solicitation, requesting Con-
gress to abate this tax. There is no reason for
its existence.
" But," it is said, "wo must protect Texas
and Louisiana in their few sugar plantations! If
Cuba comes in, away goes the tax !" Every man,
woman, and child, in my State, will say, u away
with ji! Welcome Cuba and free sugar!" "But,"
says the Senator, " if Cuba be Africanized and
kept out, it will keep up the price of sugar, and
a great growth will spring up, uvahng cotton."
What then? Eostacy ! "Negroes will be in de-
mand. Cotton, too, will be kept high !" What an
argument for a Senator of ail the United States,
every one of whose interests are his own ! The
Union in a cotton-pod ! (Laughter.] Its growth
dependent on the growth of the cane Mf, by this
logic, Cuba is to be kept out, let us know it. Al-
ready the republican mouth grows juicy at the
prospect with Cuba in the Union ! '[Laughter.]
it matters not if sugar be made by slaves. That
little delicacy of Exeter-Hall sentimentality is
becoming obsolete. Even our Quakers are willing
to drink cheap damnation in their coffee-cups, and
eat it ou their buckwheats!
My most distinguished constituent, the Gov-
ernor of my State, and a candidate for the Presi-
dency, will soon outvie your southern Hotspurs
in the-race of annexation, if thus you dress your
laggard logic. In a speech at a Yankee festival
in my city, where the Pilgrims weie praised foi
many a virtue which they had not, and their in-
tolerable intolerance was glossed over by the fervor
of the hour, Governor Chase is reported to have
advocated the policy of " leaving to every one the
absolute control of all matters of domestic con-
cernment," and an " indefinite expansion of em-
pire. " If this does not include Cuba, I will ask
his friends opposite, to say what is excluded, by
his concluding remark, that as the last result of
the enlarging empire both of American govern-
ment and American principles, lie summons " the
parliament of man to sit on the destinies of the
world ?"
I did not dream that I,should ever have to wel-
come the Ohio aspirant for the White House into
the support of its present occupant. I did not
dream last fall that I should represent him so
nearly. I warn gentlemen from the South to ob-
serve these signs, and prevent this grand larceny
of Democratic thunder, by considering the prop-
osition which some gentlemen last session called
national grand larceny! Call it by what name
you will, I am ready to answer the call of the
President, if for nothing else, for the benefit of
our $200,000,000 of yearly trade, which must pass
under the range of Cuban cannon. I *m ready to
vote for the bill of the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Branch,] looking to the purchase of
Cuba; and I am not very particular as to the
amount of money with which to fill the blank in
his bill. In case of our failure to purchase by
honorable negotiation, I would favor its seizure
in case of foreign war, or of a European inter-
vention.
As to Central America, I do not desire to enter
so fully into our relations with this region. That
has been ably done by my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Jenkins.] We know well the impediment
existing m the way of our acquisition there. The
Ciayton-Bulwer treaty—the diplomatic blunder
of the century—stands as a huge gorgon m out-
path. The policy of its abiogatton is conceded; i
out " how not to do it," seems to have been the
practice. The present Executive, m his message •
of December 8, 1857, bewailed this condition of j
things. He inherited, as did Piesident Pierce, !
this treaty of peace, which has proved a treaty
of offense. England and the United States have
been quarreling over its construction, when its
destruction was the most pacific course that could
have been adopted. Collateral treaties may be j
made which will prevent the consequences of an
abrupt abrogation of this treaty. Diplomacy ft
now, we are told, working to this end.
But there is in the American mind a chronic
distrust of England. It is well grounded in her
laxity of faith. When her interests can be sub-
served, she breaks any compact; and only ad-
heres to it when demanded by her interests.
Whether the treaties to be made with Plonduras,
Costa Rica, and Nicaragua, throttle tins bantling
of Bulwer, or whether we are to lose still more
by British dilatory diplomacy, remains to be seen.
One thing is. remarkable, that we have not ad-
vanced since 1849,-when Nicaragua, in the Hiess-
Selva treaty, proposed to "-confer on us the exclu-
sive right" of an interoceanic canal, or highway.
Had that treaty been confirmed, we might have
had to-day forts and free cities along its route and
at its termini, with full right to protect Nicaragua
by ail the strength of our Navy and Army. A
year later, and that wily diplomatist, Bulwer—
who, for his ta ct, is sent to (he Bosphorus to
teach Russia her role ni the East—comet) forward
with his projet. Our Government nibbles coyly
at his bait; but, like a foolish fish, at last leaps
for the fly, is barbed, and hauled in to flounder
for the amusement of the woild. Would that
Mr. Clayton had weighed the meaning of Snel-
fungus's philosophy: " It is always time to cut
your throat; but if your throat is once cut, theic
are certain difficulties m the way of reconsider-
ing your determination." From that time till
now, we have been following Mrs. Chick's ad-
vice to Mrs. Dombey, " making an effort" to'get
rid of this incubus.
Crampton and Webster tried in 1852 to unravel
the web. Then Webster and Mohna tried it with
the aid of Costa Rica. Then Wheeler and Es-
| cobar, acting for Nicaragua, made an effort, which
! our Government failed to accept. Then Claren-
I don and tlerran, for Honduras, sought to untie
, the knot; and thus led the way to the Cass-
I Ynsarri treaty in the fall of 1857, which began
dc novo. Then, a fair treaty was made, allowing
! us the protectorate of the transit; but through
; foreign influence it was so modified by Nicaragua
1 as to be unacceptable to our Government. Now,
| SirGore Ouseley, having ceased tobe a diplomatic
1 myth here, has gone to the south, where, we
trust, something may be done to eancelthat part
of the .Clayton -B al we r treaty by which'we agreed1
with England to cut our throats, by never " oc-
cupying, fortifying, or colonizing, of assuming
or exercisingany dominion overJ!^icaragua,?2j>e|a
Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any part of Ce&fral
America.'' We trust that such an arrangement
may be made to this end*, but my reading x>{
history is vain, if we do not find thrown about
this abrogation some clog which the Attiericah
people will not bear.
The truth is, that we have slep^so long, and
dreamed so transportingly of our destiny over
these regions, that meanwhile Japan and China
are opened; Frazer's river becomes an Eldorado;
and English and French navies, quitting the at-
tempt on Cronstadt, and tiring of the red storm
of the Euxirie, display their guns on this conti-
nent. Their entente cordiale, as Clarendon said it
would be, is extended to this hemisphere; and
here we have them ! They are, by their presence,
if not by their diplomacy, ignoring the rar-f&med
doctrine of Mr. Monroe, which had, when first
given, as general a meaning and as practical a use
as it ought now to have a specific application.
His doctrine was, that the American continents by
the free and independent condition which they
have assumed and maintain, are henceforth not
to be considered as subjects for future coloniza-
tion or influence by any European Power.
Let controversy contend as to the meaning of
this doctrine. 1 know that when Yucatan was
about to be taken by England, and when English
arms were furnished her for an independency of
Mexico, which would hav« been a dependency
on England, Mr. Calhoun then tried, in an able
speech, t$ limit the application of that doctrine
to the surroundings out of which it grew, namely,
to the intervention of the holy alliance to recover
the revolted American States for Spain, and the
Russian occupation on our northwest. But the
declaration has a larger meaning. It has become
settled policy. In 1823, Mr. Jciforson tersely
laid it down thus:
" Our first and fundamental maxim should be, never to
entangle ourselves in the brosis of Eusopo; our second,
novet to suffer Kinope to inteimeddle with tire cisatlantic
afifuis."
Yet this doctrine is sneered at, as if Monroe's
ghost were ilrvoked to do a kind of constable's
duty, to warn all foreign intruders from this con-
tinent. So far as emigration in concerned, this
continent is open as day; but no flag, no polity,
no institutions, no colonies, no protectorates of
Europe, can exist here, without endangering the
peace, infringing the rights, or disturbing the order
and prospective interests of this continent. What-
ever may have been the occasion of the Monroe
declaration, its cause is as eternal as liberty, and
its consequences will be as progressive as our na-
tion. rcarenotforits fraditionaryemphasis. Dem-
ocrats, at least, can afford to let that go. Is it sound
doctrine for the present? If so, it ought to be the
enthusiastic sentiment and genius of this Govern-
ment. if so, let it be no more the jeer of Europe,
the swagger of Ameiica, but a fact as much a part
of our historic life as the Declaration of Independ-
ence, which was its procreant source. That doc-
trinc is the law of self-preservation. General
Cass, in his recent letter, has given it proper di-
rection. That doctrine was intended to guard
this continent against the incursion of any alli-
ances, " holy" orunholy. It looked to that law
which I have laid down, by which the interests
and honor of this hemisphere were to be guarded
by none but ourselves. We do not want to be
foreclosed against its occupation, fortification,and
annexation. In the present feeling of this coun-
try, no treaty can be made and made to stand, if
it does not break down all protectorates of Eng-
land and all interference of France. The Senate
of the United States dare not confirm such a
treaty. The present Executive will not present
it. The present Secretary of State will not sanc-
tion it.
Does England want Honduras, Yucatan, the
Belize ? What arc they to her? Nothing; except
as she can use them to block up the progress of
this nation. Does she want free passage over the
Central American States' That she can have
under our auspices and with safety ! What does
she with the Valorous and the Leopard in the Car-
ribean sea ? Why do her officers spy for arms in
the American steamer Washington? Is it only
