1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1513
route connecting Salt Lake with his State, but
I am not willing to annihilate this great overland
mail route, which is now in existence. Senators
know, as well as I do, that the great bulk of the
population on the Pacific coast is in California.
It is important to the public interest to connect
the population of the Mississippi valley with the
population of the Pacific coast. The mail on the
southern roate, the Butterfield route, as I believe
it is styled, is but little better than a way mail, a
neighborhood mail. The travel from the Mis-
sissippi valley to California goes through the
South Pass, and always must do so. You never
can divert the travel from that route. It will go
through the South Pass. Here, then, is an effort
to divert the ma:l mattei to the extreme southern
boundary of the Republic on the one hand, and
to the extreme northern section of the Pacific
coast on the other, and thus deprive the immense
population now collected in the Mississippi val-
ley of direct mail communication with the great
bulk of population on the Pacific coast. I can
not consent to this, and desire to record my vote
against it. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GWIN, I hope the Senator will with-
draw his call for the yeas and nays, and I will
make an appeal to my friend from Oregon to
withdraw his amendment, changing the terminus
of this route on the Pacific; and I will state the
reason why I make this appeal to him. I have
the authority ef the Post Office Committee of this
body to offer, as an additional section, when this
amendment shall be adopted, the following prop-
osition:
That the Po^tma-stPr General be, and be is hereby, au-
thorized, when bids tor carrying the mail from Salt Lake
to Roseburs, Oregon, and fiotn Salt Lake to the Dalles, Ore-
gon, shall be received lor said sci vice, to direct the service
to he perfoimed weekly instead of ^emi-monthly, at such
additional compensation as nuiy be right and proper.
The Senator from Oregon offered a provision
like this a short time ago, and it was declared to
be out of order, I have now obtained the con-
sent of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to offer it. This gives a branch of service
from Salt Lake to Oregon,as theSenatordesires;
but leaves the present service on this route as it
is. I hope he will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. LANE. The reason why 1 proposed a
change of the terminus was, because i could not
get action on the amendment which I offered ori-
ginally. I now withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I give notice that I shall offer
the proposition which I have indicated as a sep-
arate section hereafter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia as amended, providing for increased ser-
vice between St. Joseph and Placerviiie.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to state that I have
paired off on this question with the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Btgler, Broderick, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, ColUuner, Dooliltle, Foster, G.vin, Hamlin, Harlan,
Jones, Kins;, Lane, Polk, Rico, Shields, Simmons, Trum-
bull, and Wade—2t).
NAYri—Messrs. Benjamin, Brown, Chesnut, Clay, Cling-
man, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatnck, Houston, Hunter, Johnson
of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Pugli, Reid,Seba&iian,
Toombs, Ward, and Yulee—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I now move my amendment. It
need not be read; it has already been read.
Mr. HUNTER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. Let the amendmentbe read.
I have not heard it.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, authorized to contract for the convey-'
auce of the entire letter mail from St. Paul, in tho State of
Minnesota, and the head of Lake Superior, in Wisconsin,
to Seattle, on Puget Sound, in the Territory of Washington,
for six years, at a cost not exceeding two hundred thousand
dollars per annum for weekly service.
And be U further enacted, That the contractors shall have
the right of preemption to one hundred and sixty acres of
land not then disposed of, or reserved, at each point neces-
sary for a station, not to be less than ten miles distant from
each other: And provided^ That no mineral land shall be
thus preempted ., . - .
And be it further enacted, That the said service shall be
performed within twenty days for each trip; and that, be-
fore entering into such contract, the Postmaster General
shall be satisfied of the ability and disposition of the parties,
bona fide and in good faith, to perform the said contract, and
shall require good and sufficient security for the perform-
ance of the same ; the service to commence within three
months after signing the contract.
And he it further enacted, That the cost of said service be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not Otherwise ap-
propriated.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 15; as follows:
YEA'S — Messrs. Broderick, Doolittle, Fitch, Foster,
Gwin, Harlan, Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Lane, ltice,
Shields, TiumSittll, Wade, and Ward—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Brown. Cameron. Clay, Da-
vis, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Mal-
lory, PoJk, Pugh, Reid, Toombs, and Yulee—15.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not a
quorum voting.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that the Senate take
a rece^p for two hours.
Mr. SHIELDS. There are several Senator's
about the building.
Mr. TOOMBS. That makes no difference.
We have not a quorum here, and I move that the
Senate take a recess for two hours.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair doubts
whether that can be done.
Mr. TOOMBS. Why?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Because there is
not a quorum present. However, the Chair will
put the question if there be no objection.
The question being put, there were, on a divi-
sion—ayes 15, noes 12.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at seven o 'clock,
p. m.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; ill which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 888) making appropriations for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with the Yancton and
Tonawanda Indians, for the year ending June
30, 1860, and for other purposes; and
A bill (No. 889) to provide for the care and
preservation of the works constructed by the Uni-
ted States, for bringing the Potomac water into
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, for the
Supply of said water for all governmental pur-
poses, and for the uses and benefit of.the inhabit-
ants of said cities.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 888) making appropriations for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Yancton and
Tonawanda Indians, for the year ending June 30,
1860, and for other purposes, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate for one minute, for a favor which I shall not
have occasion to ask again at the present session,
and that is to pass a bill from the House referring
a small claim to the Treasury Department for
settlement. I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
^tate to the Senator from Vermont and the Sen-
ate, that the Post Office appropriation bill is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and the last vote which was taken was on the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr
Rice,] and upon that no quorum voted. By the
general consent of the Senate a vote was then
taken on a motion for a recess, and that motion
was agreed to. The first duty of the Chair now
is, to ascertain the presence of a quorum, and no
business can be transacted until a quorum ap-
pears. The Chair will count the Senate. [After
counting.] There are but thirty Senators present;
not a quorum.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the roll is called, I think
more than thirty will answer. There are Sen-
ators in the cloak rooms.
Mr. HUNTER. I think if we call'the yeas
and nays on the question we shall find that we
shall have a quorum before the vote is through
with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the'Chair will direct the roll to be called
on the amendment of-the Senator from Minne-
sota,
Mr. TOOMBS. De novo ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Of course;.
Mr. G WIN. 'I wish for a moment to make an
appeal to Senators in favor of this amendment.
Mr, HUNTER. It is*not in order.1 "We etrt
calling the yeas and nays. • ' ' ' '' '
Mr. GWIN. I have a right to speak. ' '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to spytk.
Mr. GWIN. I appeal to the Senate that this
is a v'ery important amendment, and it-is one of
the greatest consequence to the northwest portion
of this Confederacy; and I do hope, knowing the
incalculable advantages which will'result to'my
own State by these overland hnails, that the Sen-
ate will give a favorable consideration to this
amendment. Ihope that, under the circumstances,
as there is no communication across the northern
portion of the continent,and as our citizens there
are dependent upon the British Government for
their mails, the opposition which was developed
to this proposition when we took a recess will
not show the same power now. I appeal to Sen-
ators to give us an opportunity to insert this pro-
vision in the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I partly agree with the Sen-
ator from California; but there is one difficulty.
What does he want of a mail by El Paso, a mail
from St. Joseph, and a mail from KansasCity to
Stockton, and all the rest of them? I agreeythat
this one is much better than the others, arid I am
willing to take this; but 1 do not want to keep
them all.
Mr. GWIN. The others are now established.
That is no reason why the people on the forty-
ninth parallel should have no mail.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am coming to that.
Mr. GWIN. I have stated to-day that I am
in favor of all these ov^fland communications. I
think they are of very great benefit to the coun-
try. I think it will be of great service to the north-
western section of the Union; to Minnesota, to
Oregon, and to Washington, to have the overland
communication proposed by this amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I agree that this mail route is
much better than the others. I suppose the Sen-
ator from California would vote for parallel lines
every ten miles across the Rocky Mountains. I
have no doubt he would; but I think we ought to
out off one of the lines from the western bound-
ary of Missouri, or cat off the southern line;aiid
give this one to Oregon and Washington. If you
are going to carry civilization in your mail bags,
I think this is a good place for it; and I will vote
for this one while I would cut off the others, be-
cause I am against that business. I do not be-
lieve in the idea of having one start from Kansas
City, and one from St. Joseph, and one from St.
Louis, and one from Memphis. I will vote for
one over to Oregon and Washington, for I think
that is proper; but I will cut off all the rest when
I get at them.
Mr. GWIN. I do not think the gentleman has
'the power.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to say that I have paired
off with the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Sei-
dell.]
Mr. PUGH. I voted against the other route,
but it was carried; and now I shall vote for this
one, as 1 think it is more meritorious.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall vote in favor of
this amendment because we are now in committee;
and when the bill is reported to the Senate, I shall
endeavor to strike out sorfie of what I consider
the unnecessary service, m order not to increase
the appropriation. If, afterwards, my motion
shall fail, I shall vote against this proposition in
the Senate. I vote for it now.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Upon tlje statement of
the Senator from Louisiana, that there will be a
motion to prevent an increase of the expenditure,
I shall vote for this amendment now; but I shall
vote against it finally, if we cannot limit the ex-
penditure.
Mr. SEWARD. I have paired off with the
honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson.]
The question being taken on Mr. Rice's amend-
ment, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 33,nays
4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Broderick,
Cameron, Clark, Clmpimn, Doolittle, Douglas, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Green, Gwin, Hale, Harlan, Houston, John -
son of Arkansas, Jones, Lane, Polk, Pugh, lleid, Rice,
