432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18.
filibusters she is after ? I do distrust her. If she
seems to acquiesce in ouv view for a time, may
we not attribute it to that popular will which com-
pels her aristocracy to more prudence in reference
to America? She pretended to settle all in the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty; yet that treaty was a
delusion and a snare. While that treaty is yet
•Warm, England drives the Nicaraguan forces out
ot San Juan del Norte; then she pirates that en-
trepot from an independent State; anoints a hy-
brid savage as a king; gives to a few Jamaica
negroes, dressed like the Georgia major without
his" spurs, tffe constabulary baton, and builds
congeries of negro huts, which she nicknames
after the Earl Grey. She performs the same office
for Honduras, by what Clarendon called the
" spontaneous settlement" of the Bay Islands;
and then claims from us good faith in keeping the
compact which she breaks! Along conies Sir
Gore Ouseley to maintain the delusion, in spite of
Lord Napier, who goes home. "What more ? She
approves of the Cass-Tfrissari treaty by foment-
ing difficulties in the way of its ratification. She
pretends to Mr. Dallas, through Malmesbury, that
Belly is'a French adventurer for whom she has
no sympathy, yet, in acts, gives to him French
and English protection, through the alliance. It
is not safe to trust her. Her treaties are ropes of
sand. Her international law is too elastic for use
by any but herself. Her designs are steeped in
fraud; and all complications with her are danger-
ous and entangling. Thank God ! we have a Sec-
retary of State whose life is marked with signal
ability in anticipating, demonstrating, and frus-
trating her designs, 'J'liis nation will sustain him
in his declaration that—
" TIic establishment of a political pi otectorate by any one
of tile Povvcis 01 Bluropu ovi;r any ot'tlH11 rulepefirtent Stares
of this continent, or, in other wnrtN. the lntiortuction ot' a
scheme ol policy whieli would carry wjth ita light to inter-
fere m their concerns, h a mcasuie to winch the United
States have ion£ since avowed then opposition, and which,
should tiie attempt be made, they will resist by all the means,
in their power."
Behind this rock the present Administration are
intrenched. There is no feeling in this country
worth calling patriotism, which does not stand
squarely up to thishigh and strong position! Why
should not this Congress, by some definite action,
stand by the popular sense and the Government?
1 am ready either to give the moral force of a res-
olution such as that now referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, to abrogate the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty; or I am ready to go further, and to clothe
the President with extraordinary powers, and
to give Him means, or the authority to procure
means, by which his recommendations may be
acted on and acted out.
But it may be said, why so much risk of war
with the combined powers of Europe; why so
much anxiety for the Isthmus or Central Amer-
ican route? Not because we are in danger of
being cut off from its dominion. That will come
if these Central American States remain inde-
pendent of European constraint. Not because it
is the only feasible mode of transit for the great
oriental trade between the oceans; for in time
there will bo rapid and safe transits oil our own
soil. Not so much because we ought to have and
hold the hundred and fifty millions of trade with
these Spanish American tropical lands, instead of
but ten millions which we now have. But nature
never made so narrow an obstacle; one so easily
severed, and on'which such great commercial and
economical results depended, as that at Darien or
Nicaragua. She buried mountains and valleys
beneath the wave to narrow that neck, and thus
expand the bounds of interchange, and encircle
the earth with, a white zone of argosies.
If New Granada shall be ours—as it should
be within a twelvemonth, unless the Congress of
Bogota show more honesty and wisdom in set-
tling the claims of our Panama sufferers, than is
hkely; if New Granada would follow the advice
of Gonzales, her attorney general, and enhance
her interests by applying for admission to our
Union; and if Venezuela would follow tlxe wise
inclinations of her patriot chief, General Paez,
whose exile here has made him love tlie land of
his home, the more for the prospect of uniting
its fortunes with ours; then, indeed, these Cen-
tral American States, now the football of Euro-
pean diplomacy, must eithei come to us, or bo
powdered into nothingness between the indus-
trial movements of the suirounding States. Once
let the agriculture of Venezuela be smiled upon
by-a protecting Government, and her magnificent
ports would soon fill with the keels of her elder
commerce. Let northern energy blend with her
undirected labor; and the gold mines of Upata
would gleam with their olden treasures. Let
Panama break from her vassalage to her irre-
sponsible rulers, and that mart of the golden
age of Spain and her viceroys will teem with a
wealth which no buccaneers m a thousand cara-
vels can bear away. These accomplished, and
the intermediate States of Nicaragua, Costa Rica,
Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala, will follow,
as surely as the sheaf of the summer follows the
seed of the spring. The trade of all tropical
America would then fall to us naturally by our
proximity, and by the variety of our productions
with which to barter.. These tropical wastes
ought to give us coffee, indigo, and cocoa, which
are failing in India, as well as the cabinet woods,
so much in demand. In return, they will take
our flour, pork, machinery, fabrics, and a thou-
sand other articles which they need, and which
every State of this Union produces. Our trade,
which now counts its hundreds, will then count
its millions.
If this Congress has optic nerve enough to look
a few years ahead, it will at least start a policy
which will secure all the isthmean highways which
are so indispensable to our development and pow-
er. Its first duty is to repel every attempt of the
remotest influence, come from what quarter it
may, which may impede this procession ofevents
or arrest oui'inevitable and legitimate aggrandize-
ment. No nation with one harbor, much less a
nation with a coast bestrewn with harbors like
ours, can be long prosperous within, that does
not prosper and grow without. When a State,
which is commercial by situation, forgets the work
of outbuilding its empire, it loses its inner vitality.
The day that marks its failure to meet every rising
opportunity of advancement^abroad, marks its
sure decline at home. As with the individual, so
with the State; if its ambition be dead and its
hopes of expansion smoulder, its dissolution is
speedy and sure. While its intellectual and phys-
ical energies are tense and grasp a large range; its
internal and foreign empire will become consum-
mate because it has the everlasting-law of growth!
We have illustrated that law with reference to
our southern neighbor, Mexico. The effete and
wasted portions of Mexico, being one half of her
area, lying next to us, became nutriment to our
stalwart strength. The very dirt of the ground be-
came assimilated with our energy, and lo! from our
Mexican purchases $70,000,000 of gold per year
are sucked into every conduit of American life,
to enhance its happiness, and give added comfort
to its homes. It was once objected that the soil
of California, New Mexico, and Arizona, was
poor; a land ofsancl and centipedes; that there was
no homogeneity in the people.
True, she has six million Indians, with Span-
iards m plenty and pride, and of mixed peopl%
not a few. But are they worse than the Indians
of our own soil? On the contrary, they are far
better. They are tractable, stout, and laborious.
Spain managed them with but a handful of sol-
diers for three hundred yeais. She managed
them, too, under every provocation to revolt. Had
an American protectorate been the sequence of
Scott's occupation, a few months of protection
would have given their industry its reward and
peace its blessing. Then, too, we should have
no apprehension to disturb our present relations
with Mexico.
To these relations I propose to"call the attention
of the House. In the discussion I need only re-
mark, historically, that on the discovery of this
continent there was but one nation m North, and
one in South America, which seemed to be pos-
sessed of any civilized advancement. Peru, un-
der the Incas, whose white robes betokened the
almost divine simplicity of the people; and Mex-
ico wall a society that was Arcadian in its sim-
plicity, and a polity wonderful in its complica-
tions. The State, the priesthood, the cultivators
of the soil, the rulers, and the ruled, lived in peace
under a lovelier sky than that of Naples, and a
richer soil than that of ancient Latium. Let it
be remembered that this prosperity and content-
ment were not alone the result of good laws, but
of good land; of good manners, but of good mines.
There was, in the Aztec tongue, no language of
cupidity, though gold roofed the temple andjasper
built the altar.
I need not repeat that this isolated case of civ-
ilization on this northern continent was mostly
the result of the unparalleled climate and soil.
That climate and soil remain. Three hundred
years of misrule have not impaired the salubrity
offl^e one, nor detracted from the wealth of the
other.
The Spanish rule at length was thrown off for
a Republic like ours. The inborn strength to
throw it off, after so long a trial, showed a spirit
of freedom which received its plstidita from this
nation -at the time. In February, 1821, at Iguala,
Mexico declared her independence. On the 4th
of October, 1824, she adopted her constitution.
England was first to recognize this progress, and
as usual, for her profit. The lower clergy and
the masses, consisting of Indians, were its crea-
tors and its beneficiaries. The upper clergy
never sympathized with this severance'from Eu-
rope; and until the, revolution of Ayutla, con-
summated by Comonfort, they never became a
power in politics. Hist policy touched their
estates. They struck back. His law of desa-
mortizacion confiscated $18,000,000of then* prop-
erty, which passed to private individuals. They
struck back, even at this compromise confisca-
tion. Comonfort reeled under their blow; reeled
from the Puros to the Moderados; and from the
Moderados to the Church and its conservative de-
fenders, into whose arms he and his anti-Church
policy fell! We need not wonder at these changes
when we remember thata magnificentandorgan-
ized hierarchy held $300,000,000 of property;
with a revenue of $20,000,000, being $5,000,000
more than the best annual Government revenue*.
Mr. Cushing said, at Richmond, that these
party names of Liberal, Constitutional, Pure,
Moderate, Central, and Federal, so often appear-
ing; in our Mexican news, " were but the watch-
words of contending factions, efficient alike only
to waste their common country." Hardly true;
it must be remembered that in Mexico, as in all
nations, there will be parties founded on interest
or hope, conservative or radical, with intervening
moderate shades. There is in Mexico, well-de-
fined, a Central, Federal, or Conservative party,
under whose rally men of wealth and of the
Church, and of improgressivc temperament natur-
ally gather. This pa.rty would centralize power
in the federal Government, and thereby become
aggressive in the States. It would lean towards
a strong government; and hence its eye is ever on'
tradition and Spain. It would to-day hail Spain
or France as its master to attain its end. Santa
Anna, Zuloaga, and Rohles have been its execu-
tive representatives. Miramon assumes the same
position just now. The natural antagonists of
this party arc the Puros, the Moderados, Consti-
tutionalists, Democrats, or call them what you
will. Federal 'restraint to them is irksome; Eu-
rope and kingcraft hateful; and the Church des-
potic and avaricious. In the language of Mr.
Gadsden to Alvarez, in June, 1855, "they would
limit the central power to tiiat alone which is ex-
terior; and thus they should seek, like the United
States, to grow without anarchy into strength and
prosperity." Their aspiration is for a republic
like our own. They need and deserve our sym-
pathy. Juarez is their Executive—a pure Indian,
whose descent is from Montezuma. Degollada,
their general, and Mata, their minister, seeking
recognition here. Tins party have a majority
of the States and nine-tenths of the people of
Mexico with them. They have the revenues.
They hold the ports. Their President is dejure
and de facto Executive. A little more patience,
Mr. Forsyth, and you would have recognized it
thus, and not (as you did) otherwise! De jure;
for, by the constitution of Mexico, adopted by
an extraordinary congress, at the capital, Feb-
ruarys, I857,iuvas provided,by section seventy-
nine, that—
" in temporary default of a President of the Republic, and
in tiie vacancy betore the installation of the newly-elected
President, the president of the supreme court of justice
shall enter upon the exeicise of the functions of President."
And, article thirty-two:
" If, from whatever reasoj?, the election of President shall
not have been made and published by December 1st, upon
which the change is to take place, or if the newly elected
is not able to enter promptly upon the exercise of his func-
tions, the term of the preceding President shall nevertheless
cease, and the supreme executive power shall be deposited
ad interimm the presideut of the supreme court of justice."
