1859..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
emption. These parties have selected the land: ,
and have paid for them, and now apply for their
patents; but, because there was some error or mis-
take in the manner of the .selection, and it was
not exactly in conformity with the law, the De-
partment comesin and asks thatthat mistake may
be remedied by, the passage of a provision of this
kind.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understood all that be-
fore.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then what does the honor-
able Senator mean?
Mr. COLLAMER. I mean this: a man enters
land with a view to preemption; he may have it
for years without paying a dollar until the procla-
mation comes. What I wish to have inserted
here, is that the patent may issue, provided the
lands have been paid for.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have no objection to that,
for they have been paid for.
Mr. iHOLLAJMER. I shall have no objection
to the amendment if that clause be inserted.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will insert it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will ask for
the information of the Senate—I believe it a mat-
ter of some consequence—whether this amend-
ment was ever considered by the committee who
have reported it? I understand it to be reported
by the Senator from Florida.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. By whom then?
Mr. RICE. 1 will set the honorable Senator
from Arkansas right. There can be no misap-
prehension in regard to this matter. In ]853, or
1854, Mr. Benton's amendment passed, giving the
mail contractors 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Thatdoes not
relate to the object I have in view. I ask who
reported this proposition?
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Who from that
committee ?
Mr. RICE. The honorable chairman.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am a member
of that committee, and I never heard of this
amendment being brought before the committee
at all.
Mr. RICE. The provision, I understand, was
prepared by the honorable Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and agreed to by the committee on his rec-
ommendation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This amend-
ment?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then, I want
to call the attention of the Senate to a few facts in
regard to the proposition now made, though it be
reported from the Interior Department, fiom the
General Land Office, or from any other direction.
You are simply asked now, according to my best
judgment, to legislate for the benefit of contract-
ors, and not in accordance with the stipulations
and provisions of a contract into which they have
entered with you. They are guarantied the rights
of preemption to those lands which lie along the
route on which they make their stations. They
cannot possibly acquire a title and receive a.pat-
ent under the laws of the United States until they
have paid the money, and until the lands have
been surveyed and brought into the market, at
least to that extent that they stand marked and
defined by bounds and limits.
Mr. RICE. Will my friend from Arkansas
allow me a moment?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICE. There was a misconstruction of
the law. The Commissioner of the General Land
Office construed the law that all contractors west
of the Mississippi, upon mail routes, a part of or
connecting with a route to the Pacific, were en-
titled to preempt a certain quantity of land for
stations. Under his instructions, they went on
and preempted them. They paid for the lands
and they made their improvements upon them,
and they carried the mails according to the con-
tract. The matter came up to the Secretary of
the Interior, and heeonsirued the law as only ap-
plying to mail contractors who carried the mails
from the western borders of the Territories west
of the Mississippi ail the way through to the Pa-
cific; but as these contractors had, under the in-
structions of the General Land Office, entered the
lands, and as the Postmaster General reported
that it was a part of the consideration, because
they carried the mail at a less rate than they
would otherwise have done, the Secretary of the
Interior came to the conclusion that they were
entitled in equity to have their titles confirmed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then the con-
clusion I am compelled to come to, is that the
judgment of the Secretary*of the Interior, in the
first place, was sound, honest and right, and that
the intention never was to give preemptions to all
contractors for every station they might make
within the borders of our settled States, west of
the Mississippi. If the Post Office Department
afterwards gave such aconstructionas would seem
to allow the contractors to take preemptions on
these lands inside the limits of the settled States,
and on routes that do not run to the Pacific, I
think it was wrong. You have now before you,
a very lengthy amendment, and though it comes
from my own committee, I never even heard it
named until now. I, for one, will not consent to
say that I even understand it. I do not believe we
ought to legislate in order to enrich these contract-
ors. I think the tendency of this legislation is
merely to enrich them against the literal spirit of
the law which has created the contracts under
which they made these stations. I protest against
giving them anything more than their legal rights
under their contracts. If they are entitled to more,
justly and rightfully, they can recover it in the
courts of law, or they can obtain their patents in
due course of time by the decision of the Depart-
ment. If they are not entitled to them, why
should the Senate now order the patents to be is-
sued so as forever hereafter to foreclose and pre-
clude all possibility of considering whether they
were justly entitled to these lands or not? I can-
not consent to see sprung upon us at so late an
hour, an amendment like this, which is so long
and intricate that I cannot believe that gentlemen
understand it at all, and that, too, without the ori-
ginal contract or the original law before them, in
a desultory debate, such as that which has char-
acterized the whole progress of this bill. I trust
the Senate will turn a deaf ear to appeals of this
kind. I hope the amendment will-not be permit-
ted to pass.
Mr. HARLAN. I think 1 can state in one
minute the nature of this claim. It was consid-
ered by the Committee on Public Lands; and if I
comprehended the case when before the commit-
tee, it is simply this: Under the law allowing
mail contractors to preempt lands, they were al-
lowed, as a part of the consideration for carrying
the mails, to preempt a section of land each twenty
miles in the Territories west of the Mississippi
river. Contracts were given out under that law,
and with that understanding. Afterwards, the
Secretary of the Interior decided that the law ap-
plied merely to contracts for routes running in an
east and west direction from the Mississippi river
to the Pacific ocean. The case now under con-
sideration, I believe, was a contract to carry the
mails through Kansas and Nebraska on routes
which ran in a northern and southern direction.
The contractors selected some three or four sta-
tions on a route of one hundred and fifty miles
in length; I believe about one fourth the number
of stations they would have been entitled to under
the law. When they put in their bids and made
their contracts, they believed they would have a
right to preempt a section of land at each twenty
miles, and under that belief they preempted three
or four sections. It afterwards turned out that
the Secretary of the Interior interpreted the law
so as not to apply to mail routes running in a
northern and southern direction. The Commit-
tee on Public Lands believed they were clearly
entitled to it under their contract equitably, as it
entered into, and became a part of, the consider-
ation when the bids were made which were ac-
cepted by the Department. Hence they reported
in favor of the passage of a bill in the terms of
this amendment. I still believe the relief ought
to be granted, and I shall vole for the amendment
as proposed.
Mr. IVEP^SON. I have a little amendment to
propose to the amendment, which, I think, will
be accepted by the Senator from Minnesota. It
is, after the words, " allowed by the registers or
receivers," to insert, " and which have been paid
for at the rate of $1 25 an acre." With that
amendment, I see no objection to the proposi-
tion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have drawn such .an
amendment, and the mover has already ^ut kip:
Provided, That the lands have been fl&fd for ai .$i 25 ah
acre. . ■ - >>' * - ,
Mr. IVERSON. I was not aware of that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of ArkanBB« if thevepMtfes
have any rights, it seems to me. they are already
amply secured by the existing laws, if the terms
of their contract have been fulfilled} and l aee no
necessity for our interfering with theryi. 'It is
doing more than justice; it is extending friencMiip
and generosity to these men, it may be^at tile
expense of the pubtie interests. We have no
explanation of the foundation oa which these
titles rest. We know nothing of the validity of
the contracts formed by the parties to secure
these lands, or the manner in which ihcy have
been performed. It may be that conditions were
attached, in some instances, to the attainment of
these preemptions for stations which are scattered
all over the country. If, however, Senators are
disposed now to say that they shall have those
preemptions, when they are already secured by
the existing laws, if they are justly entitled to
them, be it so.
Mr. YULEE. The- amendment refers to an
act passed on the 30th of June, 1836. Thefe is
no act passed on that day. The arnendment,
therefore, must be faulty. I want to see the law
before I vole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will call the roll.
The Secretary called the roll, and Mr. Am-'en
answered to his name.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to call
the attention of the Senate to the fact that we
are voting upon what is apparently not in exist-
enThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island had answered to his name
before the Senator from Arkansas addressed the
Chair. The Secretary will proceed with the call.
The Secretary concluded the call of the roll.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have been recently in-
formed that there is no such act as is described in
this amendment. There is a mistake in the de-
scription of it. I therefore vote " nay."
The result was announced—yeas 24, nays 22;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Broderick, Crittenden, Doolittle,
Douglas, Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hale, Harlan, Hoirstoo, Ivor
son, Jone , Lane, Polk, Rice, Seward, Shields, Simmons,
Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, Ward, ami Wilson—34. *
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Cliesnut, Clark, Clay, Clingmpn,
Collainer, Davis, Fes^nden, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster,
Hamlin, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnston of Tennes-
see, King, Matlory, Mason, Peafee, Rehl, Wright, and Ytt-
lee—92.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I now renew the amendment
which I reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, increasing the service from
Salt Lake to Oregon; and I hope we shall have
the yeas and nays on it. I am very anxious that
it shall be passed. It is to insert as a new sec-
tion:
And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and lie is hereby, authorized, when bids for carrying the
mail from Salt Lake to Roseborg, Oregon, and from Salt
Lake to the Dalles, Oregon, shalJ be received for said ser-
vice, to direct that the service be performed weekly instead
of semi monthly, at euch additional compensation as may
be right and proper.
The yeas arid nays were ordered.
Mr. I)OOL1TTLE. I should like to inquire ®f
the honorable Senator from California, or thfe hon-
orable Senator from Oregon,whether one of these
routes cannot be made a branch from the route to
Placerville, somewhere in the neighborhood of
Humboldt river, so as not to have two routes over
the same ground ?
Mr. LA.NE. I will say, in reply to the Sen-
ator's inquiry, that I am inclined to think the Pla-
cerville route passes now on the direct road to
Oregon, and this rotate to Roseburg rrmy diverge
from it somewhere in the Humboldt valley; and
I am willing to hare it so stated in this amend-
ment. The other road diverges at Salt Lake, and
bears north by Fort Hail. 1 am very willing that
the amendment shall be so changed as to provrtle
that the route to Roseburg shall connect with the
Placerville mail in the Humboldt valley, bat X
cannot mention the point.
Mr. GWIN. I will amend the amendment by
inserting after the words 11 Salt Lake " "a* or
near Clover valley,'9
