1859.
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
thereby fostered. There was something of a
pledge, fairly implied in this act, that they would
not afterwards destroy the interests which they
then encouraged. But at what expense to them-
selves did they then foster, and since sustain, the
policy of protection? Taking the relative pro-
portion of the populations in the North and South,
and their different characters as consumers of for-
eign imports, the South has not borne one third
of the imposts which have, up to this day, paid
our debts and current expenses. In the year
1832 or 1833, Mr. Clay, in the Senate, told Mr.
Galhoun that the South had not borne more than
one half of its fair proportion of these burdens, in
the shape of import'duties.
But suppose the staple States to have paid their
proportion of them: have they not had ample
compensation in cash saved to them by the oper-
ation of that provision of the Constitution which
forbids the imposition of export duties? In the
convention which framed the Constitution, tl^e
members from South Carolina and Virginia re-
sisted expoit duties, expressly on-the ground that
they were the exporters of the Confederacy, and
their industry, though the propersubject of that
taxation, would beunequally burdened. Mr. Ma-
son, of Virginia, hoped the northern States did not
mean to deny to the southern this exemption; he
said it would thereafter be as desirable to the
North as to the South.
But this prediction has not been fulfilled. The
exports for ten years previous to July 1, 1856,
were, of cotton and tobacco, $973,500,000; add to
this one third of the agricultural and otie third of
the forest exports, and you have for the South
$1,247,500,000 of exports. The North, posting
to her account all the exports of manufactures,
two thirds of the agricultural, two thirds of the
forest, and all of the sea exports, amounts to only
$579,000,000—§100,000,000 less than the half. On
all this difference of exports, near seven hundred
million dollars' worth of domestic products, the
South, by the operation ot the prohibitory clause
in the Constitution, has had exemption from ox-
port duties. Is there not in this ample compensa-
tion for all the difference she paid during the same
ten years upon the foreign products she consumed
under import duties? This, it seems to me, is
an equitable and adequate set-off, in conscience
and in justice, that should rule the affairs of the
Union.
Here, then, we find a compensation of trade to
warrant the claim we urge upon our sister States;
and we might rest it here, but there is even higher
ground than the justice it finds for insisting upon
the pledges of 1816, and the fair balance of the
account of burdens and benefits under the system
essential to the life and growth <rf the North.
That ground is the harmony of interests neces-
sarily subsisting between all the departments of
industry in a community of States. It is ap-
parent that a well-balanced relation of inter-de-
pendency holds between the manufacturing and
agricultural welfare of the nation. Itis apparent,
also, that these are closely and effectively ad justed
to the requirements of the national finances.
Here the true interests of the planter, the navi-
gator, and the merchant, are as deeply involved as
those of the farmer and the artisan. And there
is, over and above all, something to be expected
from the spiritof patriotism—something that will
not be refused to the claims of brotherhood.
Mr. KEITT obtained the floor, but yielded it to
Mr. REAGAN, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I understand that
a resolution was adopted yesterday morning that
we are to have evening sessions.
The CHAIRMAN. It is optional with the
committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I move
that the committee take a recess until seven
o'clock this evening.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will be first
upon the motion to rise.
Mr. KEITT. I yield for that motion only,
and not for a motion to take a recess.
The question-was taken on Mr. Reagan s mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Stevenson reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Uniqn
gtenoraHy un'der consideration, and particularly
the annual message of the President of the United
States,%ntl had come to no resolution thereon.
Also, that the committee had had under consider-
ation a bill (H. R. No. 666) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatie^xpenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,1860,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
' And then, on motion of Mr. JONES, of Ten-
nessee, (at four o'clock and forty minutes, p. m.,)
the House adjourned until to-morrow.
II* SENATE.
Wednesday, January 19, 1859.
Mr. BRIGHT rose, at twelve minutes past
twelve o'clock, the Vice President not having ap-
peared, whicli his usual remarkable promptitude
rendered noticeable, and said; Mr. Secretary,in
the absence of the Vice President, I believe itis
usual for the President pro tempore to take the
chair. It is now the usual time of meeting, and
I move that the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Pit z pat rick,] the President pro tempore of the
Senate, take the chair.
^r. HAMLIN. Not without an election; it
must be by vote of the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I do not think the Senator from
Alabama is President pro tempore of the Senate.
He has not been elected this session.
Mr. BRIGHT. Well, I move that the Sena-
tor from Alabama take the chair.
The Secretary. Senators, it is moved and
seconded that Mr. Fitzpatrick take the chair m
the absence of the ^ice President.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Fitzpat-
rick took the chair, and called the Senate to
order.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved!
Mr. DOOL1TTLE subsequently rose and said;
Mr. President, I desire to ask leave of the Senate
to say a single word, by way of apology, which
I owe to the President of the Senate, the Vice
President of the United States. I was requested
by the Vice President to mfoi m the Senate, at the
hour of meeting, that he was indisposed. I was
engaged in the Supreme Court, supposing I should
certainly be disengaged before the hour of twelve
should arrive; but 1 was detained a few minutes
beyond that time. I state this by way of an apol-
ogy, which I owe to lum.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of A. Ed-
wards, late register of the land office, at Kalama-
zoo, Michigan, for the reimbursement of money
paid by him for extra clerk hire; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of citizens
of New York and New Jersey for the passage of
a law to prevent all further traffic in, and monop-
oly of the public lands of the United States, and
that they be laid out in farms of limited size, for
the free and exclusive use of actual settlers; which
ra laid on the table.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Francis
Authmann, praying the return of toniistre and
light duties illegally exacted and paid by him on
Peruvian, Danish, and German vessels; which
I was referred to the Committee on Claims.
' Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of citi-
' zens of New York, for the passage of a law to
prevent all fuitlicr traffic in and monopoly of the
i public lands of the United States; and that they
! be laid out in farms and lots of limited size for the
i free and exclusive use of actual settlers only;
which was laid otj the table.
Mr, SEWARD. I submit the proceedings and
resolutions of a meeting of the veterans of the
war of 1812, in the city of New York, which was
very largely attended, m which very strong and
urgent expressions are given of their sentiments
in favor of the passage of the pension bill, for
the relief of the officers and soldiers of the war
of 1812, which has been passed by the House of
Representatives, and is now before the Senate for
its action. I ask that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
They were so referred.
Mr. 1VERSON presented the memorial of
Frances Steeley, a widow, and formerly the
widow of David Delk, a soldier in the Creek war,
who was killed in battle, for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of D. Davis,
for. compensation for extra services qp a watch-
man in the office of the Commissioner of Indi*n
Affairs; which was referred to the Committee en
Indian Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.,
On motion of Mr. SEWARp, it was
Ordered, That George W. Torrence liave leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Order*#, That leave be granted to withdraw the petition
of citizens of California, presented January 19,1858, and
the petition of citizens of California, presented April 27,
1858, and the accompanying papers, relating to the Indian
war debt of that State.
On motion of Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Sylvester Day have leave tp
withdraw their memorial and papers.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from fche Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating a plan
and estimates for reorganizing the collection dis-
tricts, and the appointment and compensation of
collectors of the revenue, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce; which
was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
492) to amend " an act for the punishment of
crimes in the District of Columbia," approved
March 2, 1831, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred a petition of
business men of the northwestern lakes, praying
that an appropriation may be made to ascertain
whether Professor Ballot's rule, by which the
approach of storms may be foretold, is applicable
to the lakes, presented May 6, 1858, and a peti-
tion of the same, presented May 18, 1858, asked
to be discharged from their further consideration,
and that they be referred to the Committee on
Commerce; which was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
William C. Pease, a captain m the United States
revenue service, praying to be reimbursed an
amount of public money lost by him while on
deposit in bank, and which he has been compelled
to pay out of his private funds, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 516) for the
relief of William C. Pease. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordi'i-cd to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred tlj£ memorial of
Geor-ge Eitelmann, praying relief on account of
injuries received while employed as a laborer at
the Sioux agency, and asking for a pension, have
instructed me to make an adverse report. The
papers, I think, constitute an equitable elaim
tipon the Indian Office for a small sum; and,with
that view, I move to refer the papers to the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The same committee have
instructed me to report back the letter from the
Second Auditor, containing a large amount of
information respecting the Indian disbursements,
with a report in favor of printing the document.
The committee could scarcely, under the circum-
stances, as this communication is required by
law, make any other report than in favor of the
printing. Still, 1 think it is a matter of question-
able utility. I will make the report, and allow it
to he on the table. I shall not call it up, unless
some Senator is anxious for the printing of the
document.
The report was laid on the table.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was refetred the petition of John
Dickson, assignee of Hugh Glenn, asked that
that committee be discharged from its further con-
sidefation, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims; which was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 517)
regulating the times and places of holding the 
courts and reorganizing the d ivisions of the district
I of the United States Court, for the district of Iowa,
> and for other purposes; which was read twice by
