442 '
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mi\,Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts:
An act for the relief of Martin Laprnan;
An act to authorize the President to make ad-
vances in money to Hiram Powers; and
An act authorizing the issue of registers to the
. steamships America and Canada, and to change
the names of said steamships.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 551) to protect the land fund for
school purposes, in Sarpy county, Nebraska
Territory;
A bill (No. 669) for the relief of the Mobile and
Ohio Railroad Company;
A bill (No. 683) recognizing the survey of the
Grand Chenicve Island, State of Louisiana, as
approved by the surveyor general, and for other
purposes;
A bill (No. 801) to fix and regulate the com-
pensation of receivers and registers of the land
offices under the provisions of the act approved
April 20, 1818;
A bill (No. 802) providing for satisfying claims
for bounty land, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 803) to amend an act entitled An
act authorizing repayment for land erroneously
sold by the United States;"
A bill (No. 804) to authorize settlers upon six-
teenth and thirty-sixth sections, who settled before
the surveys of the public lands, to preempt their
settlements; and
A bill (No. 805) to run and mark and establish
the western boundary of the State of Minnesota.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(No. 65) to authorize the President of the United
States to contract for the transportation of the
mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war, Army
and Navy supplies, and all other Government ser-
vice, by railroad, from the Missouri river to San
Francisco, in the State of California; the pending
question being on the motion of Mr. Brown to
lay the bill on the table, upon which the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas SO, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Brown, Chos-
mit, (?lay,Chngman, Fitzpatnek, Hammond, Hunter. Ivn-
j-on, Johnson of Tomieysue, Mallory, Ma*on, Kt-ul. Slidell,
Stuart, Thomson of Now Jersey, Toombs, and Yulee—20.
NAYS—Alien, Bel), Bigler, Brujht, Biodcnck,
Cameron, Chandler, Clink, Coikuner, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
Imie, Doujrlas Durkee, Fessonden, Fitch, Foot, Fostei,
Green, Gwin, Hale, Haihui, Johnson of At Kansas, Jones,
Kennedy, King, Polk, I'mih, Rice, Seba-='ian, Seward,
Shields, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, Waid, Wilson, arid
Wiighl— 36.
So the Senate refused to lay the biil on the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart in
the chair.) The question recurs on the motion
made by the Senator from Tennessee, (Mr. Bell,)
to commit the bill to the special committee, with
instructions.
Mr. DAVIS. The position which the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Tennessee occupies to-
wards the substitute which I had the honor to
report, is one which is adverse to the exactcxpres-
sion of my opinion in the case. If the Senate
should reject the substitute, if they should choose
to pass nothing but the bill, with the incum-
brances which have been put upon it, then I will
agree with the Senator from Tennessee in sub-
mitting it to a committee, with instructions to
maken report in the shortesttimepossible. There-
foie, I say, by presenting his proposition in what,
with all courtesy, I must say, seems to me to be
a little irregular manner, coming m in advance
of my opposite or conflicting proposition to the
original bill,he deprives me of the ability to vote
for his motion; though if the substitute were lost,
I should then concur with him in the view which
he presents.
Mr. GW1N. I hope the Senator from Ten-
nessee will withdraw his proposition to recommit
until we can act upon the resolution offered by
the Senator from Mississippi, because it was a
part of the proceedings of the select committee.
If that shall be voted down, as the Senator from
Mississippi has stated, the question can come up
probably with greater force in favor of the Sena-
tor^ proposition to recommit.
Mr. BE.LL. I am willing to defer, with great
pleasure, to the views of the gentleman; but I
submit that my proposition is perfectly regular
and parliamentary. It was to cut off debate and
questions on otheramendments, which I supposed
were about to occupy the time of the Senate for
a day or two longer. Considering that it was to*
be a profitless discussion, from the manifestations
of the great variety of opinion in reference to the
provisions of this bill, I thought it was as well to
make this proposition and see if we could agree
upon it; but at the request of the Senator from
Mississippi, and of the chairman of the select
committee, I withdraw it for the present, with
pleasure, and I hope a vote may be taken on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am anxious to have a vote on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator fromTcnncssec being withdrawn, the
question recurs on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.PuGH.]
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope the Senator from Ohio
will withdraw that amendment, in order to enable
the Senator from Mississippi to offer his substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio is in section one,
line eight, to strike out *' San Francisco in " and
insert " the eastern boundary of;" so that it will
read tl between the mouths of the Big Sioux and
Kansas rivers, to the eastern boundary of the
State of California."
Mr. GWIN. Is it not in order to offer a sub-
stitute for the hill while that is pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not while
there is an amendment pending to the original
bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not see the Senator from
Ohio in -lus seat, but I take it this amendment
cannot be voted upon without some debate. It
strikes at the whole structure of the bill, and, in
fact, it will produce the same result that I under-
stand the proposition of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will, so far as confining this road within
the Territories is concerned. It involves the same
principles, excepting with regard to the details,
as to the amount per mile that shall be paid. As
I understand the substitute of the Senator from
Mississippi, it proposes to provide for a road
from State to State. This brings up that ques-
tion, perhaps, precipitately. I admit that the
amendment is legitimate, because the Senator
from Ohio may like this bill, if it be amended as
he proposes, better than the bill of the Senator
from Mississippi. I shall vote against this amend-
ment, and I trust I shall be pardoned for giving
the reasons why I mean to do so. I think that,
if the Senator from Ohio declines to withdraw his
proposition, the debate may as well go on here as
anywhere.
The Senator from Mississippi, when he indi-
cated the character of his amendment, stated that
he regarded this as a work of national defense;
and as such he supports it. That is the ground
on which the Senator from Ohio supports this
bill, so far as th'e Territories are concerned, be-
cause this road is part of the system for the na-
tional defense of thecountrj , and, as such, legiti-
mately calls upon the Government for its aid. If
it be such, I ask the Senator from Ohio if he means
to confine the powers of this Government within
the Teiritories, so far as the defenses of the coun-
try are coiicerned? If his doctrine be correct, that
this Government has no power to carry its na-
tional defenses within the limits of the States,
then he will confine the defensive power of this
Government within those limits where we have
no population to defend. Is it not so ? I cannot
draw any other consequence than that. This is
a defensive measure. I take it from the position
of the Senator from Mississippi, he having occu-
pied the War Department, he is as well qualified
to tell us what the character of this work is, and
what is its purpose and object, as any member
of this body. 1 thought lie made it as clear as
noonday that it was esse'ntial to the national de-
fease. If it be essential to the national defense, I
ask any State-rights man on what grounds he ob-
jects to its going through the States. It appears
to me to be conclusive. I would not vote for any
bill designed foe the national defense which in-
vited speculators, and made it depend on specu-
lators whether the work should be constructed or
not. That is my objection to the proposition of
the distinguished Senator from Tennessee. If
this be a bill for the national defense, it should be
conducted and carried on by the national means,
without any connection with corporations in any
form.
I now come to notice a suggestion that was
made, as I understood, by the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayard,] that, under the Constitution,
we could appropriate money within the States, by
the consent Qjf the States. I think that Senator,
distinguished lawyer as he is, cannot have con-
sidered the constitutional question. I do not see
him in his seat, but I understood him to say that
the Congress of the United States had.the same
constitutional power to appropriate money for the
defense of the country within the States, by their
consent, as within the Territories. I say we have
the power without the assent of the States; but
getting the assent of the States does not at all
relieve the subject of the constitutional difficulty
that I have in agreeing with the proposition of the
Senator from Ohio; and I will tell you the reasons
it has been decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States, on a question of conflicting juris-
diction, that^the power of a State extends over
anything within its limits that exists by its au-
thority oris introduced by its permission. There-
fore, if you carry a railroad into a State, the power
■ of a State, if you ask permission, is over it, and
I the jurisdiction of that State is over that railroad,
and they can tax your railroad to their heart's
content.
No man will pretend to tell me, that if this road
is necessary for the defense of the country, it is
safe for the Congress of the United States to sub-
ject it to be taxed to death by any State through
which it may pass. They would tax it out of ex-
istence; for, if you must ask their consent, their
entire jurisdiction is over it as much as if it were
built by a corporation creatcd by them. This new-
fangled doctrine, that the Government of the Uni-
ted States cannot prosecute the defenses of the
country without asking the assent of anybody, is
ruinous to the Government. It dwarfs the power
of this Government down, so that it is unfit to
carry on the objects for which it was created; and
much as I desire a Pacific railroad, I will vote for no
bill that has any such provision in it. If the road
is not designed for the defense of the country, and
is not necessary for the defense of the country,
whether wc have the power or not, it is certainly
impolitic to build any such road. It is on no
other ground that you can defend the Congress
j of the United States for such an outlay of money.
' That, I believe, will be consented to on all hands;
i and it does not relieve this at all to get the con-
sent of the State of California. If this road be
built with the consent of California, it will be
within the jurisdiction of that Slate, so far as it
lies within their limits, arid they can put such
conditions as they please on it, tax it, stop it, con-
trol it in any way they please. I know that is
not the object of any friend of this bill.
I am aware that this subject is not without its
i difficulties. I know gentlemen in this body, and
: elsewhere, have serious difficulties about using
| the power of this Government for the construc-
! tion of any national work; but it is as well to
I meet it now as at any time. That doctrine must
i give way to the public necessities of the country.
1 Men may have Cincinnati platforms to build
t railroads on, and other party platforms, but they
i will not build a railroad. They are not made to
: make railroads, but to make Presidents, and do
I very well for that. I do not complain of any
; platform that any party sees fit to make; but
i when you come to make a railroad, the only plat-
form on which you can make it for the national
defense, is the national Constitution. No matter
what opinion you may have about State rights,
if it be for the national defense, there can be
no strict constructionist of the country who will
doubt the power of this Government to make it
wherever it is needed, through State and Terri-
tories. It would be thl most absutd doctrine in
the world that we could not provide for the na-
