185&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
448
tional defense within the States; that is where the
people are; and I hope that,.with that view of it,
the Senator from Ohio wili withdraw his amend-
ment. «
Mr. PUGH. Oh, no.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then it comes to this: that
after debating the question for three weeks, here
is a project in regard to which the powers of this
Government are so dwarfed down that you are
undertaking to put upon it the armor of national
power, and it is clattering about the Senate, and
nobody can tell what you are going to do. You
confine your road where there is nobody to de-
fend, exceptthe Indians; where there are no white
men; where the road will not be worth a straw
for your purposes. If it is a defensive measure,
it must connect with means of transportation in
* the center portions of tije country, and go to the
tide-waters of the Pacino, so that we can connect
with our naval forces in that ocean, and supply
that coast with means of dt^pnse. I do not mean
to say that, in carrying on the national defenses,
wo may not cooperate with State energy and State
aid. Where there are existing means of trans'
portation, we have a right to use them as other
people have. I do not pretend to say that we
have got to make all the roads; but I say that the
State of California is so situated, and has so sparse
a population, that she is not likely to make a rail-
road* from her eastern boundary to the Pacific
ocean. If you go across the continent, you will
have five or six hundred miles of road to build
in that State; and from the point where the El
Paso route reaches California, there wilVbe eight
hundred miles before you get to San Francisco.
In fact, it will take forty years to build that road
through Texas, if they go on at the rate they
have been.
This will defeat the whole purpose of this ap-
propriation and the object everybody has in build-
ing t)\e road, so far as I have heard it avowed
here. We must go back to the old doctrine, that
we have a right to do whatever is necessary for
the national defense.
The Senator from Ohio told us, yesterday, that
it was Democratic doctrine in the days of Mr.
* Madison and General Jackson that you could not:
build a road through a State. I would ask the
Senator if either of those Presidents ever doubted
the power of the Government to carry on the
national defense anywhere? If this be for the
national defense, General Jackson would go as
far as any living man to carry it on. 1 know he
never had any great scruplcs about power when
he was engaged in defending the country; and I
thmk he was fined for exercising power where
the civil authorities said he had not the right to
do it; and yet he is quoted as having constitu-
tional scruples against providing for the national
defense within the States, by means of a road
confessedly for that purpose. 1 do not believe in
having any man's memory brought up here who
has done as much as General Jackson did in de-
fending the country, and urged as opposing a
measure of this kind. I do not pretend to have
read his whole history; but 1 doubt if he ever
thought of such a thing. I dilTer with the Sena-
tor from Ohio about that. I know there was a
great deal of controversy in the time of the war
of 1812, whether the States had a right to raise
troops for their own defense, unless they put them
under the officers of the General Government, to
act in conjunction with the power of the United
States. 1 believe that the people of the United
States intended to give this Government the en-
tire war power, and every incident to the war
power; and if this be necessary at all, it is as an
incident to the power of this Government to de-
fend the people of the country, and the territory
of the country, on the coast of each ocean and in
all the intermediate territory, wherever there is a
white man. I should regret very much to see
any such contracted view obtain the votes of a
majority of the Senators upon this floor. No man
can pretend that we want a railroad m the barren
desert country to defend anybody who is there;
but we want to reach our own people, who are on
the other ocean. I trust the Senate will not agree
to this amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I am glad
that the Senator from Ohio has offered this amend-
ment. I had intended to offer it myself when the
proper time should come. I have heretofore '
spoken trpon the general merits of a proposition n
for giving the aid of this Government to the con-
struction of a railroad across the continent, and I
do not propose now to enter into that general dis-
cussion, but to confine what I have to say exclu-
sively to the constitutional point before us.
It is exceedingly difficult, sir, to institute an
argument upon that point, because we have not
agreed as to facts so far. When gentlemen who
are opposed to this bin treat it as a bill intended
to call into requisition the entire Treasury of the
Uruted States for the purpose of building this mad
by the direct action of the Government, thejrSre
met by the chairman of the select committee with
the assertion that there is no intention that the
Government shall build the road at all; that the
road is to be built by private individuals; and that
the Government is merely to exercise its consti-
tutional power in contracting for the conveyance
of the mail and munitions of war. But other
friends of the bill have frankly avowed, and the
honorable Senator who has just addressed the
Senate is one of them, that this isamere idle pre-
text, and that the true intent and meaning of the
act is, that the Government of the United States
is to build the road with its own capital.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator allow me
to explain ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. SIMMONS. I said I believed the right
way to build it was by the funds of the Govern-
ment. I did not say that it was an idle pretext
for others to urge other views.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 11 did not attribute to the
honorable Senator any reflection on the motives
of others; but I did attribute to him what I con-
sidered to be his individual views of the motive
of the bill, that, in truth and in fact, this bill is
nothing else than an attempt to construct a rail-
road with the funds of the Governmentalone; that
no man could pretend, I think was the language
of the Senator himself, that those who would un-
dertake the building of this road would put any
of their own money in it; and the Senator asked
us—I distinctly recollect his question—if we were
going to give the necessary land sand the necessary
money to insure the construction of this road, why
should we, after building the road, or furnishing
the means for it, then pay the contractors for car-
rying the mails and munitions of war; and wh v it
was we should not at once meet the question in
front, provide for the building of the road by the
Government, and then administer it by Govern-
ment officers; cairying the mail and munitions of
war upon our own road, built with our own funds ?
Further, sir, several Senators who have de-
fended this bill, have distinctly stated, over and
over again, ill the calculations made by them, that :
it was Tfecessary to give aid by the Government, |
equivalent to the cost of the road. The Senator !
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] gave us the
other day, long details as to the cost of a con-
struction like this, changed the details of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Bigler,] and provided that certain
portions of the land to be granted at each end of
the road, should be reserved, for what ptfrpose?
Because he smd the land grant was more than
sufficient to cover the enure cost of building the
two terminal divisions of the road, and that a res-
ervation of a portion of the land oiurht to be made
to enable us to build the central division of the
road.
I mean, then, to treat this question, so far as
the Constitution of the United States is concerned,
as a proposition that the Government shall build
the road with its own me^ns. Taking that to
be the true meaning of the bill, I approach the
constitutional question; and here, sir, I agree
thoroughly with what has just fallen from the
Senator from Rhode Island. I agree that if this
is an exercise of the war power, you want no con-
sent of any State to exercise that power. I agree
that if the tiuc intent of this biil be the defense
of the country, the Congress of the United States
is invested by the Constitution with adequate
power for that defense, independently of the con-
sent ofany State; and that brings me back to the
question, is that the bill; is this bill brought for-
ward for the sole purpose of defending the coun-
try, or is this the pretext under which a great
commercial road is to be built?
Why is this road required for the defense of
the country ? Senatois teil us—the distinguished 'I
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] hitherto fi
one of the firmest champions of State rights and
the stiictest construction of the Constitution—puts
it upon the ground that you require a railroad lor
the transportation of munitions of war, of troops;
and calculations are brought forward, the accu-
racy of which % have no reason to question—I am
not familiar with the subject—for the purpose of
satisfying the Senate and the country that pro-
visions and munitions of war could be transported
at vastly cheaper rates by this railroad than by
the pre&ent means at the command of the Gov-
ernment. I admit it.
Mr. COLLAMER. But the bill provides that
we shall pay^the same rate for transportation that
we pay now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly it does; but
that does not touch the constitutional argument
as I am going on with it; and I wish to speak to
that alone.
Now, the first question that would suggest
itself to any intelligent man in examining this
power of the Government, so far as the defense
of the country is concerned, would be this: Are
we at war? Is our Pacific frontier threatened by
any nation capable of exciting in us a moment's
alarm? Nobody will pretend that that is the
case at present. Are we, then, going to construct
this road with a view to the defense of the coun-
try, in the view of future emergencies ? If so, let
me ask Senators around me if it is not a truth,
known to all, that, for the sum that it will cost
you to keep up this road for one year after you
shall have built it, you can now put upon the Pacific
coast, in time of profound peace, by your vessels,
all the munitions of war.that you would require
for a quarter of a century of war upon that coast ?
If you wish to provide against future danger to
the Pacific coast, and look upon this bill purely
as a bill for the defense of the country, then col-
lect yourarms and munitions of war now,in time
of profound peace, and send them around the
Horn in vessels, and you will accumulate there
all that is necessary for the defense of the coun-
try at a cost, I repeat, less than one year's neces-
sary expenditure for keeping up this road, after
it shall have been built.
Mr. Ptesident, disguise it as we may, this is
not the purpose of the bill. Disguise it as we may,
this is a flattering unction that men lay to their
own souls; something that they make use of for
the puipose of stilling the qualms of conscience,
in relation to constitutional power. We do not
requite this load now for national defense. We
shall not require it in the future for national de-
fense. So tar as the transportation of arms and
munitions of war is concerned, I have already
given my opinion upon the point. But it may be
said that men could be transported over this road.
To be sure, men might be transported over this
road, and men might be transported over it with
greater rapidity, and in greater numbers, than
they could be marched across the continent, in
rime of war; but temember that this road, which
it is said is required for the defense of the coun-
try, according to the admissions of all its advo-
cates, i* not the work of a day or an hour, nor is
it the work of one year, or of five years; and long
before your road can be built, you will have a
population upon your Pacific shores ample, over
and over again, for the repulse of any attack that
any civilized Power on earth can bring to bear
against those distant shores, provided you have
in advance the munitions of war requisite for the
arming of your population. *
Why, sir, is it not obvious to us all, that the
population of the Pacific coast, long before this
road can be built, will reach the population that
the thirteen original colonies could raise for the
purpose of opposing the entire power of Great
Britain in the eariy days of the Revolution. Do
you fear, does any man here fear, an expedition
from France, or from England, or from both com-
bined, that can conquer our Pacific shores some
fifteen or twenty yeais hence, when this road
shall be built, provided you have accumulated
there the necessary stores and provisions of war
with which to supply the people there engaged in
your defenses? No man fears that. Besides, in
the event of a war, and in the event of a necessity
for accumulating troops upon our western coast,
could we not march men across the continent, if
we have the munitions there, just as soon as Great
Britain or France can send Uiem from European
countries ?
