1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1525
iic functionaries. I think they deserve a good
deal.
Mr. FESSENDEN,-(at fifteen minutes before
twelve o'clock, p. m.) I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not until we get
through with this question. ["Order!" "Or-
der!"]
The Senate refused to adjourn; there being, on
a division—ayes 20, noes 22.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 think the financial statement
of the honorable Senator from South Carolina is
a little remarkable. I am called upon to vote
money from the public Treasury for carrying on
a great and important arm of the public service.
When the House of Representatives, who are
specially charged with the raising of money, have
voted one sum, and the Committee on Finance
of this body have reported the same sum, a prop-
osition is made from the Naval Committee to in-
crease it.
Mr. HAMMOND. Did the Finance Commit-
tee examine it?
Mr. HUNTEli. We reported the bill back
this morning as it was sent from the House.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I am correct. Then the
House of Representatives have voted with a full
knowledge of the naval estimates 
Mr. HAMMOND. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly; with great pleasure.
Mr. HAMMOND. I am & member of the
Finance Committee; and it was impossible for me
to attend the meeting of that committee this morn-
ing. I should like to know if that committee con-
sidered and deliberately reported this bill back by
a majority of the members?
Mr. HUNTER.. It was reported back by a
majority. I cannot say that it was deliberately
consideied. We had but an hour. The bill came
over the evening before, and we had only time to
read it. We reported it back this morning. We
had not time to consider it deliberately. 1 do not
think the members of the Finance Committee are
bound absolutely by that report.
Mr. HAMMOND. Then the gentleman from
Georgia is deprived of the authority of the Fi-
nance Committee.
- Mr, TOOMBS. I take issue with the Senator
on that paint; but it is immaterial. I think I have
its authority, if it is good for anything; and I
think it is worth a great deal. There is no com -
mittee in this body in whose judgment I place as
much reliance as 1 do in the Finance Committee.
I think questions are better decided there, and I
am quite sure there is a care and diligence in re-
gard to the public expenditure which, in my judg-
ment, does not exist in any other committee in
this body. I give them whatever my indorse-
ment is worth. I do it with very great sincerity.
But I have called on the Naval Committee, who
have chosen to interfere in this matter, to state
the reason why I should vote more money out of
the public Treasury for this purpose than the
House of Representatives have appropriated,and
the Committee on Finance have recommended?
I am told we are a great Government; I am told
we must no6 be panic-stricken. Well, I do not
know that there is any particular panic, or that
anybody is very much alarmed about all this. I
know 1 am not. There is one good in a panic
sometimes; it does bring the attention of the rep-
resentatives of the people to look at these money
matters. I know that, for three or four years,
when I objected to appropriations, it was said:
"we have plenty of money; why concern yourself
about it?" I like to have the Government occa-
sionally poor. I do not think there is any panic
here; I am not alarmed about it at all; but I am
simply asking for a reason why I should vote the
public money. I act on a different principle from
my friend from South Carolina. He says he can-
not call on me to prove a negative. Well, if he
cannot give me a reason for voting away the
money of the people, I have the best of the argu-
ment, unless he puts it on the ground that he will
vote it away unless I can show a good reason why
he ought not to do it. That is his argument;
unless 1 can show a good reason why he should
not vote money, he will do it. That is his rule.
Mr, HAMMOND. Will my friend allow me
to say one word, to save my making a speech
hereafter ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall-be glad to hear you.
I think your case wants explanation.
Mr. HAMMOND. I do not care to make
further explanations, but rise to ask for one.
There is no member of the Senate who takes
greater pride in glorifying the stars and stripes of
the United States; who speaks more loudly and
more patriotically and eloquently in favor of the
ereat power of this country to do anything—take
Mexico, take Cuba, Central America 
Mr. TOOMBS. All creation.
Mr. HAMMOND. AH creation. Now, I
should like to know how he would do it, if there
were no Navy and no navy-yards?
Mr. TOOMBS. I will come to that. It gives
me not the slightest difficulty on the face of the
earth. If the Senator wants to know how I will
extend the stars and stripes, I will tell hfta: it is
by making the country great and powerful. Sir,
I do think much of my country, and all of it—
every particle of it, and I am proud of its power.
I do not believe it is going into dissolution; and 1
should not care much if it did; for we could make
just as good aGovernment in three months. We
have the material all over the country to make
Governments at]d remake them; and, when you i
break them up, to rebuild them. As for extend-
ing our institutions,give the people justice; make
them prosperous, and then they are capable of
anything; but it is not by spending public money
about navy-yards to carry elections, that you will
strengthen the country. That is what I object
to. My rule of carrying on the public service is,
that I vote every dollar which is necessary to give
the utmost efficiency to every branch of the pub- I
lie service, to the extent that I am willing to pro- 1
mote it. I will do it with no niggardly hand. !
Show me what is necessary to promote any [
branch of the public service to the extent^to which '
1 am entitled to maintain it, and no member of 5
this body will go furiher than I will to give it its I
extreme efficiency; but these generalities will not '
do. They would answer as well for $40,000,000 \
as these $2,000,000. I want to know, is this ne-
cessary? Does the Senator say it is necessary?
He says he does not know. I do know. I have
looked into these estimates; I have read them, as
is my duty and my business—a very dry and la-
borious one, but one that I feel it my duty to per-
form; and I have looked at the estimates of the
Department for every dollar in all these navy-
yards.
My honorable friend from Florida is more skill-
ful than the gentleman from South Carolina. In
going into these navy-yards, he found one but re-
cently commenced at Mare Island, California.
There were very good reasons to finish it. That
may be all right. He does not say anything,
though, about the finishing at the yard at Ports-
mouth, or Boston, or New York, or Philadel-
phia, or Norfolk. We were to have finished most
of them thirty years ago, and now we have only
started the yard at Mare Island. The honorable
Senator from Florida picks out the best case of
the lot. I admire his adroitness. I read all these
estimates, and most of them are for the enlarge-
mentand improvement of grounds. This money !
gives us no ships. It does not float a gun; it
does not pay for a single man to uphold the stars i
and stripes to which the' Senator from South Car-
olina referred. Not one dollar of these $2,000,000 :
will ever put another man afloat, will ever put ;
another gun afloat, will ever put another ship
afloat.
Mr. HAMMOND. Prove that.
Mr. TOOMBS. Here are the estimates before
me. If you do not know it, I advise you to learn '
it by reading them. I affirm, from the estimates |
on my table, that a dollar of this money is not
expended for either of these purposes to which I
have referred. You make improvements in the
grounds about the navy-yards; but you do not 1
pay a sailor with this money. If you want to
build a ship, you come for a specific appropria-
tion for that purpose, even if you build it in your i
own yards. To be sure, you may use the ma-
chinery which you have in your yards. I believe ;
at Pensacola we have had a navy-yard for twenty
years, and never built a ship there. There are a
great many houses in that yard. I once saw it, i
and I thought they had houses enough there to i
accommodate all the inhabitants ofthe town in the i
navy-yard; but you have never built a ship there.
Mr. MALLORY. - They have built one.
Mr. TOOMBS. They have one there now,
and I believe that is the first which was ever put
on the stocks there.
Mr. MALLORY. No.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I am in error. My im-
pression was that they,never did" build one there.
I admit my information on these facts is general,
and not so particular as that of the gentlemen who
are on the committee having charge of the sub-
ject. I am on very few of your committees, and
especially not on those that spend money; be-
cause it is not a very good place to put me. Those
who want to squander money take very good care
that I shall not be on the committees "having
charge of the expenditures; and they are right. 1
believe it to be my duty, however, as a Senator,
to know a little about what I vote; and I read all
the estimates, from the beginning to the end' of
the figures. I.have looked through all these col-
umns of estimates, and I say this money asked
for navy-yards is to be used for buildings, some-
times for improvements in machinery; but gen-
erally for extending sea-walls, doctor's shops, and
some other kind of shops that I do not care to
allude to. If you will read the estimates in de-
tail, sir, you will find some amusing things there.
I say the House of Representatives have passed
on this question. They have said the amount
appropriated in the bill is enough to keep up
■these yards. I say so, too. The Committee on
Finance have declined to add a dollar to it, when
the question was referred to them. Now the
Naval Committee come to us, through the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, and give us no other
reason than that we ought to have confidence in
somebody. I admit that mine diminishes every
day. I am rather worse in that respect than Mr.
Burke. I think he said confidence was a plant
of slow growth.
Mr. PUGH and Mr. CLINGMAN. " Chat-
ham."
Mr. TOOMBS. Perhaps it was Chatham.
My confidence grows backwards. I have seen
nothing in the administration of this Government
to increase my confidence in the general admin-
istration of its affairs. I simply want facts show-
ing me that this is necessary to promote the pub-
lic interest. I admit that at this time I would be
more economical, perhaps, than at any other
time; but I should act as becomes a Senator. If
my funds were short, I would try to make things
even by spending less.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Without interrupting the
■Senator, I would call his attention, and that of
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
to some features of the bill in regard to whiGh I
should like to have an explanation. It seems to
me it strengthens somewhat the view presented
by the Senator from Georgia. I find on the fifth
page of the bill: " At Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, $ 10,000." We are told that is too little fer
that navy-yard; but on turning to the next page,
I find:
" Portsmouth, New Hampshire. For gun skids, shot
beds, new powder magazine, and for current repairs of all
kinds, $46,497."
This appropriation of $46,000 is for specific
work to be done. Again I findAt New York,
$20,000," on page five; but on the next page I
find:
"New York—For completing armory and repairs of alt
kinds, $8,000."
Then I find: " At Norfolk, $20,000," on page
five; but on the seventh page:
" Norfolk.—For completing stone pier and landing at Fort
Norfolk, powder boat, and repair,; of ail kinds, $55,960."
Mr. MALLORY. What is the date of your
bill ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is the one placed on my
table. Perhaps I am reading from the wrong bill.
Mr. M ALLORY. What is the date of it ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The heading of it is: " In
the Senate of the United States, February 28,
1859: read twice and referred to the Committee
on Finance." I suppose that is the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It would seem that the
general appropriations do look somewhat small,
but when you look further you see there are ap-
propriations for special works. Here is some-
thing about Pensacola. I find on page five, "At
