AAA
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
The war power, sir, is the basis of this exer-
cise of authority by Congress in the construction
of this road, simply because a railroad is a con-
venient "means of transportation. It is true that
a railroad is aeon venient means of transportation,
and therefore, in one sense, may be considered as
a defensive power in every State of the Union;
but why select California for building a railroad
at the expense of the General Government, if this
road is to be built by the General Government?
Texas more defensible than California? There
arc no railroads through Texas now by which
you can carry arms to the frontiers of Texas or to
the seacoast in case of an attack by a hostile fleet.
Are*there no portions of the country which are
unprotected to which it would be convenient to be
able to carry men and munitions of war in time
of hostilities between this country and foreign
nations? Where will this latitudmarianconstruc-
tion of the Constitution, by which a commercial
railroad is to be built under the pretext of exer-
cising the war power, land us? What is the
power that this Government could not exercise
under pretexts so flimsy, in my humble judg-
ment, (and I say it With entire respect to those
■who have the opposite opinion,) as those which
aroused in support of this bill ?
The object, the stated object, is to increase pop-
ulation upon the coast of California. Well, sir,
instead of passing this bill, pass a bill by which
you will give to every man that will go and settle
m California, a sum of money to go there with.
"Will any Senator vote for that? Pass a bill to
provide for the support of a ccrtain number of
men on the coast of California for the next ten
years, say that every emigrant who will go there,
to the number of one hundred thousand, every
able-bodied man shall have a hundred dollars to
pay Ins passage, and shall be provided with one,
two, or three hundred dollars a year for the next
(en yeais, and you will get an at my there, an
army adequate to the defense ol the fronth r, and
at a far inferior expense 10 thatwluch you piopose
by the provisions of this bill. And yet which of
us would pretend that the Geneiul Government
hud the power in time of profound peace to offer a
premium to the citizens of the Atlantic, Stales for
settling upon the coast of Cahloi ma?
1 have heietofore voted, and voted conscien-
tiously, in favor of the grant of a homestead upon
remote frontiers to persons who would go there
as actual settlers. As ihc Senator from Tennes-
see [Mr. Bull] said the other day—whether i
voted for the measure to which lie alluded or not
1 cannot lumember, but I know I was in favor of
it—I did so with a view to the cheap defense of
distant and sparse settlements -against Indian
tribes, predatory and msiugvnt bands. It is our
duty to protect our citizens; and I thought it could
be done in that way cheaper and better than by
sending an army there to do it; the expense per
man would be l<-ss, ami if the proposition now
Was to granton any unptotected frontier upon tlfe
western coast, to anybody who would go Uieie
and settle, a certain poition of the public land,
with a view to accumulate a force there, if it were
shown to me that that was the most economical
way of defending the country, I would do if,and
willingly vote for it instead of sending an army.
Hut, Mr. President, this railroad is a commercial
road. It is advocated as a commercial road by all
those who speak in us favor. It is spoken of as a
road that is to promote the settlement of the eoun-
ti y. It is spoken or as a road by which an increase
of population is to be earned to the shores of the
l^aeific. As such, I ask where is the power of Con-
gress to build tlits road through the States > I
know that the power has always been exercised—
as the iionornnie Senator from Mississippi told
us the other day—to erect military roads in the
Territoiies of the United States, and I think just-
ly and necessarily so. The Territories, having
no natural routes by which the troops could have !
access to the points where their protection was j
required, depended on the General Government j
for the opening of roads, and it was nothing more j
than a wise administration of the war power so i
to open those roads as to make them equally ae- j
cessible for the commercial, as well as for the j
military communications between the different I
parts ot the Territory. But here the defense of
the country, the uses of the road under the war
power, every raah who looks at the case dispas-
sionately and calmly must eonfess, are entirely
subordinate to the uses of the road for commer- j
cial purposes, and for promoting the emigration j
of our people from the eastern to the western j
shores of the continent. If you have the power j
to build this road in the State of California, you '
have the power to build similar roads in every I
State of the Union; and the entering wedge wiil i
be put in, and Congress will be asked year after i
year to build railroads in different States of the !
Union, allof which will be called for under the j
W&T power; and that power which was formerly ;
ul by the Government of the United States in •
the construction of roads in th« different States, j
and which, after a long and arduous struggle, '
finally fell beneath the attacks of the Democratic I
party, is now, under theirauspices, to be renewed. !
All the former corruption that crept into the ad-
ministration of public affairs, so far as improve-
ments in the States were concerned, is again to
be introduced, and, after a long struggle, will
again fall before the indignation of the people;
and all that we have done will be lost; all the
woik that may have been accomplished will be
given up. This Pacific railroad will be in twenty
years from now, if it ever is commenced by the
Government, just where the Cumberland road is
now—heilf finished; abandoned after having cost
an immense sum of money to the Government;
after having caused corruption in all the branches
of its administration; after having given origin to
a gigantic monopoly, to which the old Bank of
the United States was but an infant; after all this,
the whole scheme will be abandoned, because it
will be reprobated by the indignant voice of al-
most the entire people of the United States.
Mr. President, we have no power to build this
road in the States. Confine your bill to the Ter-
ritories of the United States, and argue if, if you
please, as a military road through the Territo-
ries; and then upon the practicability and advant-
age of establishing such a road in the Territories,
arguments may fairly be adduced; butto s ay that
we are going to build this road in the States as a
measure of defense, is—I say it with nil due re-
spect—an evasion of the constitutional difficulty.
Air. DAVIS. Mr. Piesident, ( have been very
much gratified by the remarks of the 'Senator from
Louisiana, if he has killed the road, he cheers us
b^ coming as a convert to strict construction in
opposition to internal improvements. It is true
ho shows somewhat of zeal which is apt to be ex-
hibited by now converts, which may outrun a little
the limit of disci etion, and undertake sometimes to
arraign not only the opinions but the motives of
others'. Put new converts are always 2"uious, and
I welcome him to the ranks of the strict construc-
tionists, who ai eali henceforth to oppose internal
improvements. We are to have no more great,
schemes for rivers; no more grants to roads for
the benefit of companies within the States; and
are to come down to the old radical Democratic
school, and vote for nothing which is not to exe-
cute some duly imposed by the Constitution, and
warranted by some giant within it I hope that
the natoi zeal will not wax cool on some
oilier Gcejsion, when he does not happen to find
his interest runmn^on alj. fours with his n?w con-
victions; and that we shall not find him on some
other occasions, as heretofore, voting for meas-
ures which savor of all that he points out as ob-
jectionable in tins, even in the view which he
takes of it.
With this introduction, I proceed to notice some
of the remarks offered by the Senator, lie says
it is quite easy to secure, on the coast of the Pa-
cific, all the supplies which wiil be required for
twenty-live years to come. Is it so ? Has the
Senator studied the difficulty of preserving pow-
der for twenty-five years r Does he know the im-
possibility of telling of what material gunpowder
is made, unless you follow it through the mtil?
Has he marked the amount annually condemned
and thrown avyay because of the impurities con-
tained inthe salts outof which itis manufuctuied ?
Has the Senator kept an account of the deteriora-
tion of provisions? Has he forgotten, within
twenty-five years, the vast improvements made,
not only in ammunition, but m the weapons with
which it is employed? What,-I would ask the
Senator, would be our condition to-day if pork
and flour, reduced to the condition it would be
after twenty-five years' storage on the damp coast
of the Pacific; if powder, m the condition it would
bo if it were kept twenty-five years, and origin-
ally made of imperfect material; if arms of the
old standard of twenty-five years back, were our
whole reliance for the defense of our possessions
on the Pacific? Tljis is the condition in which
the Senator puts himself for the future, unless he
claims that we have reached that exalted wisdom
which secures us from all errors of the present to
be developed by the future.
Pie says this road is not required for national
defense; and then proceeds, tn an ca3v method—
having got the supplies there that will not dete-
riorate, supplies that romain good for a quarter
of a century—to march the men across the conti-
nent. If the Senator has acquired some knowl-
edge by which the munitions of war and supplies
for men are to be preserved indefinitely; if he has
fixed the standard of arms so that no future change
will be required on the breaking out of a war,
then, perhaps, he has alm> acquired the power to
smooth down the mountains, and fill up the can-
ons which nature has made, and to march men
across places where, when the last explorers were
thete, a route could not be found. It may not be
generally known to the Senate, and I cull their
attention to the fact, that there are, to-day, across
this continent, within the limits of the United
States, but two roads practicable for wagons. I
have had occasion, m another position, to call
the attention of Congress to the fact, also, that
the permanent want of supplies upon those routes
rcndeied it impracticablc to pass large trains in
rapid succession; that the whole means of sustain-
ing the draught animals would soon be exhausted,
and you* would reach the poni t where your com-
munication overland would cease. These men
ai  not to be marched acioss the continent, I
suppose, without having provisions with them.
They are not to take a march of sixty days on
what they can put in their knapsacks. I take it,
theiefore, thw Senator contemplated a wagon road,
over winch he proposed to march theae men.
There are two within the limits of the United
States to-day, not counting that of the tbiriy-fifth
paiallel, which, so far as i can learn, i.-i not yet
practicable for loaded wag6ns.
Then the Senator, progressing in his strictures,
asks why do we select California? 1 take it for
granted, the Senator asks that question sincerely,
and therefore, 1 must infer that he has been very
inattentive. For one, at least, I have on every
occasion, stated that the reception of the, case
arohc in the intermediate desert, which prevented
the construction of roads and caused the want
of a continuous population that made emigration
easy. I have said fiom the beginning, so far as
I have been connected with this question, and
others have said it much more forcibly, that the
state of the country, that the hand of nature had
impressed upon it difficulties which could only be
oveicome by Government aid. I have looked
upon n as really evading the question, as shrink-
ing from the responsibility, imposed upon us,
when gentlemen have said "why not buiid this
road as roads are built elsewhere," presuming
that their intelligence made them perfectly aware,
that the means which had rendered it feasible to
build them elsewhere did not here exist.
Some persons may have argued for this as a
commercial road; some persons may have looked
upon it as impoifant because of us commercial
relations; but is it fair to say that those who have
contended for it as a means of military defense,
aic usin^ this merely as a pretext, and seeking
really to provide for commercial connections? Is
it fair to assume that those who have endeavored
to demonstrate ifes military necessity, are using
this merely as a pretext, and seeking to establish
such a road for the benefit of commerce, the bene-
fit of travel, or for any other than the purpose
avowed ?
jXcuher, sir, is it fait to assume that any one
here has atgued that this road had but a single
object, that u had but a single means of support,
and that the Treasury was to be relied upon en-
tirely for Us construction, duite otherwise; it
has been announced by its friends that this road
was not to be built outof th^ Treasury; it has
been announced by the friends of this road that
it was to derive means for its construction from
other sources than the Treasury of the United
States. Of course I did not expect what I said
on the occasion to be noticed; but I did, in the
progress of this debate, state that it was because
it was to derive its support from travel and from
