1526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Pensacola, $10,000." Then, on the next page, I
find:
" Pensacola.—For general repairs for hos|«ital buildings,
and for .draining and filling ponds, $10,500."
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from North
Carolina will see at a glance that he is mingling
together appropriations fjpr magazines and for
hospitals, for special objects, with those which are
put under the regular head for the navy-yards in
other parts of the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. But these general objects
are, some of them .material improvements of navy-
yards as " filling ponds." I wish an explana-
tion on this point, for it may determine my vote.
Mr. HAMMOND. The committee reported
the House bill back, and you may take it for
granted, that in all those particulars, the House
have reduced all, pro rata, as they reduced the navy-
yards. All we wanted was to save a certain num-
ber of navy-yards in order to save a navy to the
United States.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I inquired of the Senator
whether they reduced this second class of appro-
priations, and he told me they did not; they let
them stand; so that, if you adopt the House bill,
besides these ten and twenty and other thousands,
■which they tell us are small for the navy-yards,
they have a considerable number of additional
specific appropriations. That is what I want an
Am I the Senator you
specific appropriations
explanation of.
Mr. HAMMOND.
inquired of?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I asked the Senator,
whether they proposed to strike out the specific
appropriations oi. the sixth and seventh pages of
the bill that I have referred to; or whether they
took the House bill as it is, with their additions ? t
Mr. HAMMOND. We lake the House bill i
as it is, full of these reductions, in all other par- >
ticulars. !
Mr. CLINGMAN. And then add what you I
propose ?
Mr. HAMMOND. Add to it for the navy-
yards, for the sake of the Navy.
Mr. CLINGMAN. But it looks as if there
was an indefinite appropriation for the yards,
and then specific appropriations for the work to
be done. That is what I wished explained.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think it is about time for me
to go on. I do not like this vicarious speaking;
but I do not feel disposed to refuse gentlemen
when they put in. 1 have looked (wrr these navy-
yard estimates; and I say it is a mistake to_sup-
pose that this money gives efficiency to the Navy,
or tends to save the Navy. They are very much
like Falstaff's reckoning—so far as they contri-
bute to the public service—
" One halfpenny worth of bread to this intolerable deal
of suck."
I think the Committed on Finance have acted
wisely in their recommendation; and I shall vote
to sustain it.
Mr. ALLEN. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. We shall get
through with the bill in a little while, I think.
Several Senators. Itistoolate. It is twelve
o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 18, noes 21.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know what in-
formation the opponents of this amendment re-
quire. The Senator from Georgia has made three
speeches, and as yet I do not know what inform-
ation he requires beyond that which he can ac-
quire in the estimates which I see he has read.
Every item to which the money is intended to be
appropriated, is stated in the estimates. Can
anything beyond that be required ? I have read
over the items for the yard at Mare island. The
Senator said I made the best case out of it. Well,
I will go a little further. I will take the navy-
yard at Pensacola; and here let me correct an
error. There was no ship ever built at the Pen-
sacola yard until within a few yeuis past, and
now they are building another. At Pensacola,
the Government determined, over twenty years
ago, to have a navy-yard; but it has been a mat-
ter of very slow growth, because you have ap-
propriated very little money. We had very little
influence, and the money was carried to northern
yards. The navy-yard on the Gulf was neglected.
You took the timber from Florida; paid high
freights on it; transported it to the North; and
there built the ships. Things have somewhat
changed, and we are slowly and slowly building
up a yard there. To do that, although Pensacola
is one of the finest harbors on the face of the
globe, it has been found necessary to build a
granite pier or wharf-which protects a man-of-
war in high northers.4* They would go ashore,
but for this pier. It is a matter of slow growth.
One of the estimates here is $140,000 for that
granite pier. To make a navy-yard, you are
obliged to build that pier; it is indispensable; but
you may discontinue it for a few years, and lose
all the advantage you have acquired by grading
the bottom with diving bells, which they are now
doing by covering it with concrete to receive the
the granite blocks. It will be the most expensive
economy not to appropriate the money for that at
once. Then there is:
" For repairing and operating floating dock, ©2,500."
They have a floating dock, which was put there
by Congress. Now, will you expend no money
there to take a ship into the dock' The dock
cannot move itself; it requires money. We have
sent a sloop-of-war there to be repaired; and, if
you deprive them of this appropriation, they can-
not get it in; and that is only one illustration of
what will take place at all your yards. The next
item is:
" For dredging for wharf and deep basin, .$9,200."
That is going on now; and, if you withdraw
the appropriation, the tide soon swallows all you
have done, and, in a short time, you lose the
effect of six months'submarine operations. The
next is:
" For completing ship house and slip, $99,000."
That is not necessary, in my judgment; be-
cause no«ship-house ought to be built at Pensa-
cola, as I have stated elsewhere, where I hope it
will have effect. In that climate you can dispense
with a ship-house; but, in northern climates^you
are compelled to build the ships in ship-houses.
The next items are:
" For pitch boiling house, $-2,500.
" For launching ways, ($6,000."
We have now two vessels of war on the stocks,
and must have ways to launch these vessels. One
of them will be ready for launching about the 15th
of this month—the sloop-of-war Pensacola. The
other, a smaller vessel, will be ready, perhaps, in
three or four months. These vessels will not be
launched if you deprive them of this appropria-
tion.
I might go on, throughout all these estimates,
and show precisely what this money is wanted for
in every case At Pensacola, instead of #310,000,
which was estimated for, or #200,000, reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, we have
cut the appropriation down to $70,000—scarcely
enough to enable them to continue their opera-
tions, in order-that the work already done may
i not be entirely lost to the Government; and, if
all the appropriations we have put m here are
granted, 1 presume they will do but little else
than carry these works slowly ahead, and keep
them up until further appropriations can be made.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". If this amendment is
to be pressed to a vote, I must intrude upon the
i Senate for a moment, to say a word. I should be
i extremely sorry to withhold from any of these
public establishments whatever appropriation is
liecessaiy for any useful or public purpose. I can-
not, as the Senator from South Carolina has re-
marked, be supposed to be acquainted with all the
necessary details to enable me to decide upon the
sum that is necessary for these purposes. I think
; it is quite probable that these appropriations, so
i much below what they ordinarily are, may, per-
haps, be too small even to meet these necessary
i and useful purposes. I think that is quite proba-
I ble, and yet I feel myself disposed to vote against
i all the augmentations that are proposed for these
j navy-yards by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
i Their useful operations ought to be continued, as
! the Senator from Florida says; but there arc some
1 of the operations of these yards that _I think
| ought to be discontinued—I allude to their oper-
i ations in the elections of the country. We have
made large appropriations for that purpose, it
, seems. There is not a gentleman here who can
! doubt that the navy-yards have been extensively
rl employed in controlling popular elections; and
how have they been enabled to do it? It is by the
employment of men who were not necessary to
the public service—the employment of men to
vote, and not to work. That has been the use to
which the money we have appropriated has, to
no inconsiderable extent, been applied. Is there
any gentleman here who can say that this is not
the fact? Disclosures and proofs have been lately
made on that subject,1 which seem to me deay all
refutation; to repel all idea of refutation. I want
that rebuked. I nave no panic on account of any
scarcity of money at this time, or the neediness
of the Treasury. Whatever feelipg of that de-
scription I have, grows out of the extended cor-
ruption that is now growing up, and which is fed
and fostered and brought into existence by the
money we have appropriated for the maintenance
of navy-yards. Every navy-yard becomes a sort
of political station, a pound, in which you may
impound doubtful or questionable Or venal voters.
I know that is not the object, or any part of the
purpose, of the honorable Committee on Naval
Affairs, or their members; but your liberality,
your confidence, has been abused. The great
public right of suffrage has been bought up with
the money that you have paid to maintain navy-
yards. I want to see it rebuked. I want to see
it rebuked even at some little material loss to the
country. If the navy-yards should suffer for want
of it, and something that is useful go undone, one
thing that is eminently useful will be accomp-
lished, and that fs, corruption will be rebuked
inyournavy-yards. They will nothave the money
there any longer, to maintain and feed needy
voters, preparatory to an election. I want that re-
buked. I think the reduction of these appropria-
tions, as proposed by the House of Representa-
tives, is calculated to rebuke it. It says to all these
officials: " We will give you now such a bare al-
lowance that you can no longer afford to buy
votes." I want that rebuke to go forth to all the
world. That they have been abused we all know.
Why, sir, I saw lastsummer, in the public papers,
an advertisement by one of the high officials at
New York, calling upon members of Congj-eSs to
make their nominations to him of workmen to be
employed. Was there ever such a shameless,
barefaced, avowal mad« before the world? con-
verting to political influence the money that ought
to have been used for the useful purpose of labor
to the public.
I am glad of this opportunity to rebuke these
practices; and in this feeling, I think, so far as it
goes, or can be properly indulged, I shall be sure
of no more sympathy than that which I generally
receive in such purposes from the Senator from
§outh Carolina. Let us rebuke it at once. There
is corruption in high places, in great public estab-
lishments, openly and shamelessly avowed, and
that corruption maintained and engendeied by
public officers to control public elections. I will
vote nothing for such an abuse.
Mr. HAMMOND. There is a great deal of
truth in what the Senator from Kentucky has said;
but I am not ready to acknowledge that his re-
buke is due more to those with whom I act than
to those who preceded them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I attributed it to no-
body in particular.
Mr. HAMMOND.' That there is a great deaj
of corruption and a vast deal of useless expendi-
ture in these navy-yards, is a matter of perfect
certainty to all who have examined the subject;
but the Senate must recollect, all Senators should
bear it in mind, and the House of Representa-
tives should bear it in mind, that we are not to
make a tabula rasa. Let us reform; let us not rev-
olutionize. The one is a peaceful and proper
operation of a progressive government; the other
is fraught with dangers that no man can fully fore-
see. I take it that the bill, as it comes to us from
| the House of Representatives, is a revolution,
I and not a reformation. The amendments which
the Naval Committee present to the Senate to-
! night are a reformation. They purpose, so far as
S it is safe to go, to break down the abuses and
'] the corruption which the Senator from Kentucky
has depicted. But, sir, it is a late hour of the
night—it is after twelve o'clock. We are all in-
formed on this subject, and of all things I depre-
cate an extended discussion of it. Let us have
avote. Let us decide whether the Senate will
I a°ree to the reformation proposed by the Naval
