1528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
^Secretary of the Navy and ask him the question,
he would tell you that fifty captains are more than
he can employ. I do not propose to strike one
of them out, but only not to increase the number
until they get down to about twice as many as
we want. I ask for the yeas and nays, and shall
be satisfied with that. [" No yeas and nays."]
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill wns reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart in
the chair.) Will the Senate concur in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. PUGH. I ask that the amendments be sep-
arately read.
Mr. WILSON. I want the amendment moved
by the Senator from South Carolina, increasing
the appropriations for navy-yards, voted on sep-
arately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts demands a separate vote on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
South Carolina. The question is on concurring
in the remaining-amendments.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. B RODERICK. I wish to except the
amendment in regard to the California navy-yard.
I think it is very necessary that that navy-yard
should be encouraged, but I do not care about
encouraging the others.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator that the whole amendment in
regard to navy-yards has already been excepted.
Will the Senate concur in the remaining amend-
ments? Those in favor of that will say "ay;"
those opposed will say i( no."
Mr. PUGH. I have objected to this vote on
nil the amendments in gross.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ayes have
it, and the amendments are concurred in. The
question now is upon the amendment proposed
by the Senator from South Carolina in relation to
appropriations for navy-yards*, and upon this, the
Senator from California asks for a division, so
that the question shall be taken on the appropri-
ation for the navv-yard in California.
Mr. MALLORY. I addressed the Chair half
a dozftn times while he was puttmg.the question,
but was not recognized. I want a separate vote
on the amendment which the Senator from New
Hampshire proposed. I was out of the Senate
but for a moment, and while I was out, I under-
stand an amendment was adopted on his motion
in relation to the officers of the Navy. I want a
separate vote on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
obliged to say to the Senator from Florida, that
the Senate has concurred in all the amendments
made aa in Committee of the Whole except the
one moved by the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. PUGH. I twice objected to that course,
and the Chair refused to hear my objection, al-
though I had a right to require each amendment
to be voted on separately; and did require it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
heard the objection of the Senator from Ohio,
and decided that it was of no avail.
Mr. PUGH. Noton taking the question upon
three or four amendments together? It is con-
trary to the practice and usage of the Senate, and
can only be done by unanimous consent. I ob-
jected to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairdid
not understand the Senator to object to taking the
question on the amendments together.
Mr. PUGH. I did object to it.
Mr. MALLORY. I want to say again, sir,
that, while you were putting the question, I ad-
dressed the Chair three several times, "Mr. Pres-
ident," and you went on to put the question with-
out noticing me; and finally, I addressed you
again, for the fourth time, and you said the ques-
tion was decided. I wanttheamendmentto which
I alluded reserved. I kngw the Chair did not
attend to me. The Chair's eye was somewhere
else.
Mr. HUNTER. I propose that, by general
consent, we take the vote over agsrin on the amend-
ment indicated by the Senator from Florida.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent of the Senate, the question can be again
put. The Chair hears no objection; and the ques-
tion will be on the amendment indicated by the
Senator from Florida.
Mr. MALLORY. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it his duty to state, that, instead of criti-
cising the action of the Chair, it would be very
well for Senators to attend to their duty in time.
Mr. MALLORY. That is what I did on this
occasion. 1 addressed you while you were put-
ting the question, but you went on without no-
ticing me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
himself said, before,'that he was out while the
question was taken.
Mr. MALLORY. The Chair misunderstood
me. I was here in my placfc.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the Sen-
ator from Ohio demand a separate vote on each
amendment?
Mr. PUGH. I did twice. I do yet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.- Then, the
question.wiil be taken on the amendments, and on
each one separately. A Senator has the right to
have every amendment and every proposition on
which he is called to yote, once read,^nd that is
the end" of his right. Afterwards, it depends on
the vote of the Senate whether the reading shall
be allowed. The Chair asked whether the Sen-
ator made a motion to that effect, and there was
no response.
Mr. HALE. Is this by unanimous consent?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio demands a separate vote on each of the
amendments. They will be stated separately.
Mr. HALE. I thought the amendments were
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent, the vote was rescinded.
Mr. HALE. I never gave my consent. I did
not understand it in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the first amendment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Tor the payment of the charter of vessels for the Para-
guay expedition (or nine month*, $173,700.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
For the payment of officers restored to the Navy under
the provisions of the act of January 16, J857, during the
period of their retirement or suspension, $62,394.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
That the following general order, issued by the Secretary
of the Navy, and dated January 13, 1859, be, and the same
is hereby, confirmed:
General Order.
Chief engineers of more than twelve years will rank
with commanders;
Chief engineers of leas than twelve years with lieuten-
ants ;
First assistant engineers next after lieutenants ;
Second assistant engineers next after masters;
Third assistant engineers with midshipmen ;
The order confers no authority to exercise the military
command, and no additional right to quarters.
ISAAC TOUCEY,
Secretary 6f the Navy.
Navy Department, January 13, 1859.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Jind be it further enacted, That the sixth section of the
act of January 10,1857, entitled "An act to amend {An act
to promote the efficiency of th<  Navy,5" shall be so coa-
Ptrued as to include officers who, at the time they were
dropped, or placed on the reserved list, had been detached
troin duty or removed from command for supposed ineffi-
ciency, but who have since been restored to the active list;
and such officers shall receive the same pay that they re-
ceived respectively when they were so detached or re-
moved, up to the termination of the cruise when they were
so detached, deducting any pay they may have otherwise
received during the time aforesaid ; and that this shall ex-
tend to any officer who has been transferred from the fur-
lough list to the leave-of-absence list by the President, with
the advice and consent of the Senate.
Jind be it further enacted, That such officers of the Navy
as were dropped from the service by the action of the late
"naval retiring board," and who have been subsequently
restored to the service, and placed upon the furlough " or
" leave-pay " list, shall be allowed furlough pay, if placed
upon the furlough list, and leave pay, if placed upon the
leave list, for and during the time they were so dropped,
deducting any pay which they otherwise received during
the time aforesaid.
And he it further enacted, That such officers as were
placed upon the "furldugh list" by the action of said naval
letiring board, and who have been subsequently trans-
ferred to the " leavo list" by the action of said naval courts
of inquiry, shall be allowed " leave pay" for and during
the tune they were on the furlough list, as aforesaid, de-
ducting the furlough pay which they received during said
time
And he it further enacted, That, in case of the death of
any officer after hid restoration or transfer as aforesaid, his
legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the amount
which said officer would have received under this act up
to the time of his death.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Strike out all after line eighty-nine to line ninety-nine,
and insert:
At Portsmouth, New Hampshire, $50,000.
At Boston, $15,000.
At New York, $168,456 60.
At Philadelphia, $15,000.
At Washington, $10,000.
At Norfolk, $150,000.
At Pensacola, $75,000.
At Mare Island, California, $260,000.
At Sackett's Harbor, $1,000.
Mr. PUGH. Is it in order to divide that amend-
ment?.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for a division, so as to have
a separate vote on each navy-yard.
• The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the first
proposition is to strike out " atPortsmouth, New
Hampshire, $10,000,''and insert "at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, $50,000."
This branch of the amendment was agreed to;
there being on a division—ayes 21, noes 16.
The next branch of the amendment, to strike
out " at Boston, $15,000"and insert " at Boston,
$15,000," was agreed to.
Mr. HAMMOND. All these amendments were
presented as part of the system. I consider every
Senator, who voted in favor of the amendment
just adopted, bound to votein favorof all of them,
because otherwise I should n«t have voted for
that.
The next branch of the amendment was stated
to be to strike out " at New York, $20,000,"and
insert " at New York, $168,456 60."
Mr. PUGH. On that I should like to have the
yeas and nays, if the Senate will gratify me.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr rUGH. I only want to say that this is
the navy-yard which has been so thoroughly in-
vestigated by a select committee of the other
House, and in reference to which such farming .
abuses have been disclosed. I want to know
whether they are to be continued, or stopped.
Mr. HALE. A single word. I vote for this
amendment upon the ground suggested by th£
Senator from South Carolina. Having agreed, as
a member of the Naval Committee, to the amend-
ment, as a whole, and the Senate having adopted
part of it, I feel bound to stick to it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall vote under the
impression that the public confidence has b^en
greatly abused there, as the gentleman from Ohio
has "stated, by interfering in elections—public
money having been used for that purpose. It is
that impression alone which influences my vote.
If there is any gentleman here who can give in-
formation to the contrary, it might change my
vote. As it is, without such information, I shall
be compelled to vote against the appropriation.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for the reading of this
amendment, because I want to know what it is
for. The Senate may be willing to vote $168,000
for particular objects, but, if we appropriate it in-
definitely, the Department may take it all, and
appropriate it to objects that the Senate do not
approve.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senate ought not to vote
money in this way. If you simply vote $168,000
for the navy-yard in New York, it may be used
for a great many objects, some good and some
bad in the judgment of the Senate. I recollect in
readingover these estimates that there was $15,000
for building a new doctor's house. The Senate
might not think that a very good object in the
present condition of the Treasury. But if you
simply give $168,000 without specifying what it
shall be for, the Department will spend it as they
please.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the heading of these amendments which
indicates the purposes.
The Secretary read;
" For the preservation of the works and current repairs
at the several navy-yards, to wit."
Mr. TOOMBS. That shows what it is; but
.that is not the way to" appropriate public money
for any Department of the Government. We
have sought for many years to bring down these
