446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1Q,
The argument has run on from day to day by
those w&o have intended to kill this bill by a side-
blow,and upon the supposition that the work was
to costagreat deal more than the bill allows, and
that it was to be built within the limits of a State.
I have bided my time until this discussion ended,
and f fehoul# oe permitted to offer a substitute
which sets forth upon its face exactly what it is
intended to do'^which avoids all conflict between
the powers of the Federal Government arid those
of the State, leaving the link which is constructed
by that substitute, if it be built, to be extended
anywhere and everywhere within the limits of the
States by charters given by the States themselves
to companfes erected by them, attempting no pro-
vision for even one mile of the road which should
enter within the limits ofa State. When the prop-
osition was made to lay the hill upon the table, it
seemed to me to be a method by which a substi-
tute which I had offered when the bill was first
introduced, and have patiently waited for an op-
portunity to explain, was to be smothered,and Is
was to be left in the attitude of advocating a bill
thus killed, and which was in many respects the
antagonist of that which I proposed to the Senate
tc adopt. I am glad, however, that some view—
I do not know what—had sufficient force to pre-
vent this method of smothering the proposition
before the Senate had an opportunity to examine
it. I do notknow, Mr. President, that I shall have
an opportunity ever to get the vote of the Senate
on the substitute which I propose. If I am to have
an opportunity to have a vote on it, I would rather
make some remarks on it then than now.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to say, when the
Senator from Louisiana rose, that 1 was willing
to waive my amendment until the Senator from
Mississippi brought up his proposition. After
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi
is voted on, I shall offer it u«;ain.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to say a very few
words in icply to the answer made to the obser-
vations i addressed to the Senate, by the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi. The Senator from
Mississippi displays a sensibility which is hon-
orable to him in relation to Jus constitutional
views upon the bill now before the Senate. It is
natural that that Senator should fro I a sensitive-
ness upon the subject, because he cannot disguise
from himself the fact tlia't his views upon the par-
ticular proposition now before us differ entirely
from those entertained by those with whom he
has hitherto been in the habit of associating po-
litically upon this point, and he therefore makes
an animated defense of his views, and turns upon
something of an aifcummtum ad hominem.
Now, Mr. President, I may be u^hew convert-,
but I am not a new convert on the subject now
before the Senate 1 never have maintained, and
I think i never shall maintain, the power of the
General Government to construct interna! im-
provements in the States; and I do not consider
that, maintaining as I do the powei of the Gen-
eral Government, under that clause of the Con-
stitution which authonzes it to regulate com-
mcrcc, to sec that the harbors and ri\ ei s and poi ts
of the country are in a condition to accommodate
the commerce of the country. I say, I do not sec
that maintaining: that power to exist in the Gen-
eral Government, is at airiucompatible with a
denial of the power to build roads in the States.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me, I
will say that his remarks, so far as they were di-
rected to the position taken by mc, and lie made
a direct reference to myself, drawing attention to
me, could not have been with the understanding
that I wanted to build a road within a State.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly not. 1 do the
Senator full justice on that point. I had exam-
ined, and was aware of the provisions of his sub-
stitute; but it is impossible for us to discuss a
question of this kind, where a bill is maintained
by gentlemen on principles so entirely opposite
to each other, as those maintained by the Senator
from Mississippi, and the other gentlemen who
are defending this bill, it is impossible to make le-
matks m relation to the arguments used in de-
fense of the bill which shall not do injustice to one
Senator or another, according as the Senator may
suppose the answer to be directed. I did not
answer the. proposition of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, when I was speaking ofthe power to build
a road m a State; out in connecuorr with the ar-
gument used by the Senator from lthode Island,
and that used yesterday by the colleague of the
Senator from Mississippi, I expressed a concur-
rence of opinion; and said that if this is a war
power which we are exercising, if we are goingto
defend the countiy by a railroad against foreign
invasion, the Congress of the United States has
the same power to build the road for the purposes
of common defense in the States as in the Terri-
tories. I believe so yet; and I have cast my eyes
over the provisions of the Constitution for the
purpose of meeting the argument of the Senator
from Mississippi. So far as this power of acting
in the different States is concerned, the Senator is
mistaken when he says that there is no power
in the Constitution of the United States to build
ships. The language is express.
" The Congress shall have the power to provide and
maintain a navy."
Surely that is a power to build ships:
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator, I think, could not
have heard me. My voice is not always equal to
the room. My reply to the Senator from North
Carolina was, that there was no specific grant of
power to build a ship; but that it was derived
fiom< the powerto maintain a navy, as in the case
of forts, from the power to maintain an army and
provide for the common defense.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The language of the Con-
stitution is, that " Congress shall have power to
provide and maintain a navy." That is surely
as express a power to build ships as language can
give; or, at least, it is so in my judgment. Then
again, the Senator refers to the grant of power as
given in the Constitution, in relation to the erec-
tion of forts, magazines, &c., and he draws'from
the expressions of the Constitution in relation to
that power, the inference that the General Gov-
ernment has not the right to go into the States for
the purpose of acquiring lands for the common
defense, without, the consent of the States. I do
not think that the clause is susceptible of that
construction fairly. That clause of the Consti-
tution has reference to the exercise of exclusive
jurisdiction. It says, "that the Congress shall
liave power to exercise exclusive jurisdiction over
all places purchased by the copsent of the Legis-
lature of the State in which the same shall bo, for
the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals," <fcc.
This is the grant of the power of exclusive legis-
lation; and it is under this power that we daily
pass laws covering our forts, fortifications, and
other similar constructions; but surely, under the
general powers of providing for the common de-
fense of the nation, of arming and using the militia,
of providing and maintaining a navy, of raising
and supporting an army, the Congiess of the
United States has the power, if it be necessary
for the defense of the country, to build a railroad.
I imagine it would hardly be contended that, if an
enemy were upon our shores, in any location, and
that enemy could not be reached, except by cutting
through a dense forest in a State, the Congress of
the United States had not the power to cut the road
through the forest, in order to reach the enemy,
without the consent of the State. That is a neces-
sary incident of the war powei; and it was from
that that I deduced this conclusion, if you were
building this road for the defense of the country,
you have the same power to build it in a State as
in a Territory; but if your road is a great com-
mercial road, and if its uses for the defense of the
country are purely subordinate, then it is an abuse
of the power which the Constitution has conferred
upon Congress.
Now, sir, I did not pretend to say, and the Scn-
atoi from Mississippi did not do justice to my
argument when lie answered mc as if I had said,
that this railroad would not be a very useful ad-
junct in time of war; that it might not be very
necessary in time of war; but I said that its war-
like purposes were entirely subordinate to com-
mercial and traveling purposes. Let me give
another example, if the Senator will permit me.
No man will doubt that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States has the power to transport munitions,-
provisions of all kinds, for the uses of the Navy,
for the uses of the fortifications, for the uses of
the Pacific shore. No man will doubt that trans-
ports may be employed for that purpose. Now,
what would be said of a proposition by which,
for the purpose of securing necessary transporta-
tion in time of war, Congress should propose to
advance a certain amouMtp ship-builders to con-
struct a thousand vessefs 'which would be neces-
sary for transportation in case we had a war, and
should give a certain annual stipend to the owners
of those vessels for the purpose of keeping them
in repair, with a view to be able to use those trans-
ports in the event of a war? That would un-
doubtedly be very useful; it might be very neces-
sary in the event of a war twenty years hence, •
to have at our control a thousand or two thousand
transports of this kind; but would any gentleman
contend that, under the war power, we could ad-
vance money for thf building of those ships, and
for the keeping of them in repair, and leave them
in the hands of the owners to be used for com-
mercial purposes in the interval ?
My proposition is that, although a thing may
be useful in time of war, you cannot, under that
grant of power in the Constitution which author-
izes *you to defend the*country, provide that
which may be necessary in time of war, when its
use in time of war is entirely subordinate to com-
mercial purposes in time of peace; when it is not
intended for the use of the Government at all, ex-
cept in the event of a war. I think that the build-
ing of a fleet of transports would come as clearly
within the war power of Cbngress as the building
of this road; and the building of a fleet of trans-
ports that should belong to private individuals,
and should be engaged in commerce until war
should come, would be as clearly within the war
power as the building of this road.
The Senator fijom Mississippi says we have all
voted for grants of land to build railroads ki the
States, Undoubtedly we have; and he says fur-
ther that the Congress of the United States granted J
land to his State when it was admitted into the
Union, for the purpose of building railroads in the
State. That, also, is true; but upon considerations
entirely independent of those offered by the de-
fenders of this bill. When we granted lands for
the purpose of building railroads m the States, we
granted those lands upon this hypothesis, and this
alone—at least such was the basis upon which my
vote was placed: that the Government was the
proprietor of large bodies of*land in the States;
that it was its duty to dispose of those lands for
the best interests of the country; that it could not
sell the lands unless means of communication to
thenftvere provided; and that it was doing no more
than a private individual would do who was the
owner of those lands, if it agreed with anybody
who would build a road to them, to give half the
land for the advantage done to the other half in
its increased value, we thereby disposing of the
lands as a prudent private owner would do. On
that basis I voted for a grant of alternate sections,
and with a provision in the bills that the reserved
sections should be sold at double the minimum
price, m order^tlmt the Government should be
able to dispose of the lands without loss.
Again: when the Senator's State was organized,
when the territorial administration gave way to a
State organization, there was a large body of the
lands of the United States within the limits of the
State of Mississippi. Those lands belonging to
the Government were, by some, supposed to be
exempt from taxation by the State. Many men
thought those lands were liable to State taxation.
Under these circumstances, as a compromise of
the question, the Congress of the United States,
in organizing State governments out of the land
which had been acquired by treaty from foreign
nations, has been in the habit of giving a certain
portion of the public lands within the State for
purposes of internal improvement and the estab-
lishment of public schools, as a compensation for
the abandonment by the State of the right to tax
the remaining public lands. That compromise
has been almost universally sanctioned by both
Houses of Congress; but we have never yet un-
dertaken, that 1 know of, since the destruction of
this whole system, at the time of the veto of the
Maysville road'bili, to build roads'in the States
for the mere purpose of exercising the war power.
We never yet have undertaken, in advance, in
the States, to provide the means of communica-
tion by which troops could reach an exposed point
in case of war. We have only provided roads in
'the Territories of the United States to enable us
to move our troops, to defend our people in the
Territories where no roads exist, and where the
troops could not move without them. In organ-
izing and establishing those roads, we had in view
to facilitate the intercourse between different parts
of our Territories; and in my judgment it was
