THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COxNTGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1859.
New Series....No. 29*
Ohio river: that was the whole bill. I think it
is very likely the Senator's speech did not fit the
bill, -fie can read the bill; it is in print now.
Mr. SIMMONS. When I ventured to make
an objection to this amendment, I had no idea of
bringing into review the whole question of the
propriety of building a railroad to the Pacific,
and the proper means of doing so. I am not
going over that ground. I understand the Sena-
tor from Louisiana to have concurred with me in
opinion as to the constitutional question, that if
we could build this road under the war power,
our authority went to the length for which I con-
tended. The Senator from Ohio says (here is a
limitation to the power to raise and support
armies. 1 agree to that, and it is because it would
be dangerous to civil liberty to have a standing
army kept up continually; but is there any lim-
itation on the power of Congress to provide and
roaintaiflfra Navy? Is an appropriation for that
purpose limited to two years? By no means; and
is it not as indispensable to communicate with
the Pacific ocean to maintain our Navy theie, as
it is to maintain an army? When the Constitu-
tion was made, I agree we had no territory on the
Pacific ocean, and I do not suppose the framers
of it ever contemplated that we should have any;
but I ask the Senator from Ohio if we can main-
tain a Navy without some means of communi-
cating through our own territory with the place
where it Is located.
The Senator from Ohio said he would not an-
swer my argument, because the Senator from
Mississippi and the Senator from Louisiana had
answered me. Well, sir, I understood the Sen-
ator from Louisiana to agree with me so far as
the constitutional power went, and that was all {
undertook to argue. Now,! wish to call the at-
tention of the Senator from Mississippi to two or
three remarks of his; but before I do so I will
observe that no Senator who has spoken lifts re-
ferred to the power of the Government of the
United States to establish post offices and post
routes, and the uses of this road for that purpose
have been entirely overlooked. We aie now an-
nually expending $2,000,000 for postal service
and the transpoitation of the mails to the Pacific.
We have a right to establish post roads m any of
the States. I do not know whether we have a
right to build railroads as post roads or not, and
I shall not go into that question; but if we build
a railroad fo>' the defense of the country, I do not
believe anybody will dispute our right to have
the mails carried on that road.
Butthc Senatorfrom Mississippi, inreplying to
some observations of the Senator from Delaware,
and others on thatsideof the Chamber,*who said
that we could build this road in the States with then-
consent, attacked the doctrine ofpopular sovereign-
ty which he said he had been Contending against
for a long time, and intended to resist through
his life. I do not know that that is involved
in this question. I cannot perceive its relevancy
to this proposition, and therefore I shall not com-
ment on it. He went still further, however, and
said that the power of this Government to create
a corporation to transact any business within the
power of this Government to do, had been decidcd
not to exist How did he say that question had
been determined ? He said the question was made
in reference to the Bank of the United States, and
it was determined by the popular vote m %n elec-
tion of President.
Now, I should like to know if that is not pop-
ular sovereignty I ask the Senator from Ohio if
he does not Know that the power of this Govern-
ment to establish corporations has been decided
to exist by the Supreme Court of the United
States, time and again ? And does he contend
that a mere presidential election can overrule a
decision of the Supreme Court? A President
might have been elected without any reference to
this question, of the same character as the one
who was elected with reference to it. I alluded
to the decisions of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States on this very question of corporations,
and said thatif the jurisdictions of the lespective
29
States extend over them they can defeat the pur-
poses of the General Government by taxing the
corporations which it creates ou't of existence.
The Senator does not escape that point by say-
ing that you cannot make a corporation; because
the Government of the United States has created
them, and they have been invariably sustained by
the Supreme Court of the United States; and I
do not believe the Senator from Mississippi will
venture to hold that a popular vote can overrule
a decision of the Supreme Court on such a ques-
tion. I do not know that I am understood by
the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not hear the Senator; I
will come nearer to him.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am sorry to repeat; but I
will do so with great pleasure, because, in almost
everything he said, i most heartily concur. I
would never invade a State to construct any such
work as this, if I did not think it indispensably
necessary and proper for the defense of the coun-
try, or for the conduct of the public business of
the country, the transportation of the mails, and
affording those facilities which the people have a
right to require to guard against probable danger.
The Senator from Mississippi, in allusion to the
States, said that asking* their consent to construct
such works was a recognition of popular sover-
eignty, which ho had been contending against and
intended to contend against. I said 1 didnotpei-
ceive exactly how that was involved m thus ques-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. It will give me great pleasure
to explain what I meant. It was the dochino of
putting States and Territories on an equaliLy to
which I referred. I did not call it popular sov-
ereignty, but called it,'as I always do, 44 squatter
sovereignty."
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 did not know but that they
were the same thing. I have not much disposi-
tion to defend that doctrine, fail it by what name
you please; but it has an ab.ding place in the his-
tory of the country, in the woids 1 used, and I
did notknowbut that they were synonymous with
the term the Senator employed. But the Senator
went on to say that the Government of the United
States had no authority lo create a corporation to
carry on a work within jhe just powets of the
Government; that is, whicn theGovenr.uent, it&eif
was authorized to construct.
Mr. DAVIS. Within the limits of a Slate ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I mean that. Re sa.d Con-
gress cannot create a corpoiation which shall op-
erate within the limits or'a State.
Mr. DAVIS. Exactly; that is my opinion.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now 1 ask the attention of
the Senator to a matter of history. Such corpo-
rations have been created by this Government;
and they have uniformly been sustained by the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States. He said that the question had been sub-
mitted to the people, and their decision had been
overruled by the people. Does he mean to say
that, in a mere party election, the decision of a
people, or a vote, whether tins man or that man
shall be President, can overrule the decision of
the Suprune Court of the United States on the
constitutionality of any question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly not. The decision of
the Supreme Court gave \aiidity to the charter of
the national bank until it expired by its own lim-
itation. The decision of the people then rose in
its majesty, and the Supreme Court never had a
chance to hear the case again.
Mr. SIMMONS. There may be a little differ-
ence in our views about what the history of the
country was. At the first election after the ex-
piration of that charter, the Wings triumphed by
an overwhelming majority, and they triumphed
on this very issue being presented to the people.
Does the Senator recollect the triumph of 1840—
the first presidential election after the bank char-
ter expired ? Was it not overwhelmingly in favor
of a national bank? and was not that the leading
issue before the country?
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the Senator if the
great contest did not occur in 1832?
Mr. SIMMONS. The great contest in 1832
was on the recharter of the ol4 bank; and if that
was to come up to-day I would vote against it
myself. When men have had a bank for twenty
years they have no sympathies with the business
people of the country, and they ought not to be
rechartered if you can get along without, them*,
but when General Jackson vetoed that bank char-
ter he stated that, if he had been applied to, he
would have given the form of a bank bill that he
would approve. Docs that go against the consti-
tutional power?
I say General Jackson was right in vetoing tfie
bill, if he had then stopped his hostility to tlie old
bank, and had not ruined the people by removing
the deposits, &c. General Jackson, in his veto
message; vetoing that recharter, stated in the con-
cluding paragraphs that, if he had been consulted
by Congress, he would have given them a plan
of a bank that he would approve. Does the Sen-
ator ftom Mississippi intend to put forth that
veto message as having assumed that Congress
had not the constitutional power to charter a cor-
poration? By no means; it will not justify any
such construction. The charter expired by its
own limitation; and on the very first appeal to the
people on that question, they decided in favor of
a nationo! mstiiution of that kind. That is the
true history of it; and so far as there is anything
to be gained from the history, it confirms the
opinion I expressed, and is in direct opposition
to the one expressed by the Senatorfrom Missis- -
sippi.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I presume it is
evident to gentlemen of the Senate that we can
get no vote to-day on the bill before us. .We have
leeched a pn iod of abstractions where, I think,
a limitation on debate is very needful. I hope
now, veiy much, that we may be permitted to
have an executive session for the purpose of get-
ting up some business that is really important,
and i am assured should be done m that session
to-day, 1 move, therefore, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. DAVIS. I should be very glad if we could
dispose of this bill. I think-there will hardly be
a termination of the debate very soon, if we pro-
tract it in this way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the motion is not debatable, except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. D-W1S 'If there bo any objection to the
remarks 1 am making, I will stop. [" Go on."]
I will merely say that from the wide range the
debate is taking, we have very htfle prospect of
bringing it up in time to transact the public busi-
ness" before the Senate, unless we go on steadily
to a conclusion at this time or to-morrow; and
my belief is,'that we had better proceed to-day $
until we bring the bill into such a position as will
enable us finally to act on it either to-day or to-
morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I renew the
motion that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 20, noes 17; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business.
After some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 19, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. S. Tustin, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed as the select com-
mittee, to which was referred the bill (H.R.No.
800) allowing those holding lands by entries in the
Virginia military district, Ohio, which were made
prior to the 1st, day of Janu«iy, 1852, to have the
same surveyed and patented, Messrs. Stanton,
Cockerijx, and Miller.
