452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
, Mr. KIL60RE. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. COtSB. I withdraw the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I now renew the motion
to refer it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GROW. I now ask to offer my amend-
ment, that it may "be printed with the bill.
The SPEAKER. Thepending motion, which
takes precedence of all others, and which must
be disposed of, is the motion to lay the bill on the
table. The question is on that motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. ICilgore] will withdraw his motion, I will
withdraw mine.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has not the floor.
Mr. K1LG0RE. I withdraw my motion, and
hope the bill will be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB. I agree to that.
Mr. GROW. 1 hope the motion to refer will
be withdrawn, that I may offer my amendment,
and have it printed.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I have no objectien. 1
■withdraw the motion.
Mr. GROW. I offer the following amendment
as an additional section of the bill:
Be it further enacted, That from ami riffr the passago of
tills act no public laud f-liall !)(; exposed to fcaU' bv piocla-
maiion of the President, unices the same shall have been
surveyed, and thcietumof sueh -urvey duly tiled in the
Land Office fot ten years or mote bet'oio such bale.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. X now move that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay (he
bill upon the table; and upon that motion L ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken-, and it was dccided in
the negative—yeas 44, nays 120; as follows:
YEAS—Muspis. Ahl, Anderson. Avery^Buflmton, Cas-
kie, John B. Clark, Crawiord, Davis of Mississippi, Dewart,
Dick, English, Etwis, Florence, Garnett, (Jillis, CJilmer,
Goode, (Jieenwood, Gioe*beek, Hughe*, Jewett, George
W.Jones, Owen June*, Lawienco, Leidy, Maclay, Mc-
Queen, Miie«, Mott, Nicholss, Peyton, Phillip*, Pike, Rea-
gan. Rieand, Ritchie, Kuflin, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Uu-
dei wood,, Vance, White, and Wlnteley—4-1,
NAYS — Messis. Adiam, Andiew*, Baiksrialc, Bnrr,
Bennett, Umgham, Blair, Bliss. Bonhain, Bowie, Bovce,
Bianclh Biayton, Burlm«amc, Burnett, Burns, Carmhers,
Cavanaugh, dawson, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax,
Connns, (,'ovode, Cox, Cragm, James Ciaij:, Curry, Curtis,
Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davi^ot'MasHachusettiS, Davis
oT Iowa, Dodd, Dowdell, Dnrfee, Hdie, Fentim, Foley, Foh-
tci, Ganiell, (Iilinari, (Jooeh, Granger, Orpuh, Giow Law-
rence IV, ffalf. Robeitii, Unit, Harlan, Harris, Hatch, flaw-
kins, iloaid, llopkin-, Jioi ton, Houston, How aid, Jackson,
Keini, Kent, KeUw™. Kehej, Kilyore, Kn;ipp. Leach,
l<eiu r, Lovejoy, MeKihhm, McIUe. Humphrey Ma^hall,
SamuelS. Maii-hall, Mason, May nani. Montgomery, Moore,
Moigan, Mornll, tid waidJov Mom*, Nibiaek, < >hn, Palmer,
Tinker,John S. Pbelp-, William W. Phelps, Potter, Pottle,
Purvuuice, RohhiKo\ce, Sandidye. Scott, Aaron Shaw,
John Sheunan. J ud?on W Sherman, Shoi ter. Sickles. Rob-
ert SrnnU, Spinner. Sunton, Stephens, Stwvenfon,'Wil-
liam Stewan, Talbot. Tappan, Geoi< o Taylor, Thaver,
Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe, Vallandijiham, Wade, Wal-
dion, Walton. Cadwaladei C.'Washburn, Ellihu B. Wash-
buirie, 1-iaH Wushbuin, Watkins, Wilson, Wood, and
WootUon—120.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
tal>li>.
Mr. HATCH T understand that the morning
hour has expired.
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. HATCH. I move, then, that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business on
the Speaker's table. •! make the motion for the I
purpose of having referied to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union a Senate bill
appropriating money to deepen the channel over j
the St. Clair fl:Us, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 76, noes 52.
So the House proceeded to the consideration
of the business upon the Speaker's table.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
The SPEAKER. laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of State,
in answer to the resolution of the House of the
10th instant, requesting the communication of the
correspondence between the Government of the
United States and the Governments of France
and England respecting the acquisition of Cuba;
which was referred to' the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and, with the accompanying papers,
ordered to be printed.
ARMY REGISTER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the War Department, in-
closing a transcript of the Army Register for 1859;
which was laid upon the'tahle, and ordered to be
printed.
CHAPLAINS IN THE NAVY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
in reply to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, of January 13, 1359, in reference to
chaplains in the Navy.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the reading of that com-
munication.
The communication was read, as follows:
Navy Department, Januanj 17,1S59.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the lucnpt of the
ievolution of' the lIou?e or Uepiesematives, dated lo'li
January, 1859, lequmin" the Seeretiuy of the \Tavv. dining
the piesent session," to" communicate to thi> Hoiim* the
number of chaplains appointed m any br.mon of tiuj .Vavy
wrviee since 1813: the rehjnous (ienohhnation-J to which
each person bo appointed was attached, so iara> it e,\u be
ascertained ; whether chaplain?, bv any Navy initiations,
or an}' act of coimnandcrs ot vuai'N oi station-., an1 re-
quired to use a particular umfmmor r-iencal die^. itulnd-
iiiir a gown, ot to re-id ptnyci^, oi to comply with any par-
ticular toini-> oi cciemoiii'vj- of Di vino -oi vice ; and whether
there is any evidence on fib' in the l)ep mme.u, tondin" to
show that non-Epi&copal mmi&tersaie a-quncd in olhcers
to ibi) the Epi-eopai htiii/n."
Tianoinitt-Hl hoiewith w a ^tatom^nt ntarlcd A.rliowing
the miinbei awd names of chaplains appointed in the Mavv°
since 1813, so Idi as can be a cei tamed I'toni the liles ot the
'Depaument.
The eonnnandin^; ortk-er nf a ve^id or station has no au-
thouty to establish the umionn or die,-s of any officer of the
Navy. The ie!*nlatnm ol the Navy Department, or .Id March,
Ib.w, in relation to the unif'oim ior chaplains, " black coat,
vinyjle-biea-ted, with one row of nine black coveied buttons
on the lsiea->f. In perionnmg Divine service, the chaplain
may vveai the black gown and white erav.it, m the unifoim
presenbed m the resuhxtions "
The Navy Cotnnn^onei-.' reirulattonsof 1818, approved
by the Pre-nient, under an act ot C'ongiess, in pie^enbing
the d'ltics of chaplain, provide- that " he id to i ead piayerrf
at stated periods;  but the Depaifment is not avv.ire that
this has ever been constiued other than to offer prajeis at
stated periods. However this may be, to put at icst any
doubt, an order has been lecomly issued which esstabUsht's
tlu< to be the tine const;uction.
There is, J think, no evidence on the files ol the Depart-
ment tendin? to t-how Hint lion-Episcopal tmnitter.-> are re-
quired by ofiicers of the Navy Jo use the Episcopal liturgy.
I am, tir, veiy respectfully,your obedient servant,
ISAAC TOUCEY.
Hon. Jamfs Tj. Oru.
Speaker of the House of Rcpi cscntativcs.
The coniniunication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Ntival Ailairs, and ordered to be
printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
bills, reported as correctly enrolled a joint resolu-
tion authorizing Tmvnsend Harris, United States
consul general at Japan, and IX. C. J. Henskm,
his interpreter, respectively, to accept of a snuff-
box from her Majesty the Q,ueen of England;
and an act for the relief of James S. Holmes-,
when the Speaker signed the same.
ST. CLAIR FLATS.
An act (S. No. 321) making an appropriation
for deepening the channel over the St. Clair flats,
m the State of Michigan, was then taken from
the Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
Mr. HATCH. I desire to ask if this bill,
under the rules of the House, must not neces-
sarily go to the Committee of the Whole on the ;
state of the Union •* j
Mr. PLiELPS, of Missouri. Necessarily so, i
as it makes an* appropriation. 1
The SPEAKER. The rules require the bill to
be considered in the Committee of the "Whole.
Mr. HATCH. Then I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and printed; and on that mo-
tion I demand the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The usual course
is for bills of this character to be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HATCH. That would only delay the
i bill, and probably complicate it with other bills,
! and give the friends of the $5,000,000 French
! spoliation bill an opportunity to get ahead. If
; the gentleman from Illinois desires this bill to
1 pass, he should not oppose this reference.
| The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois is not in order, as the gentle-
; man from New York has demanded the previous
I question.
i Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illin ois. I suggest to
j the gentleman from New York that he allow the
j bill to be referred to the Committee on Commerce,
j Mr. HATCH. It would only delay the pas-
; sage of e bill* It must necessarily go to the
i Committee of the Whole on the state of the
; Union; and if gentlemen want to pass the bill, the
; only way is to send it there now, for it must
| travel through that valley of death before it can
see salva1 inn.
' Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My friend
can only get the bill passed by a suspension of
; the rule*; so it makes no difference where itgoesj
Mr. HATCH. If the gentleman is correct,
, then the greater necessity of sending this bill at
1 once where it must finally go, instead of delaying
it for the action and repott ol the Committee on
' Commerce. He knows well that after that re-
port, if they should report favorably, the bill, by
an arbitrary rule of this House, must go to the
! Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
j, Then why delay it, if you mean to pass it? The
• motion to suspend the rules to put this bill on its
passage cannot be made until afier it is referred
! to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is a motion now
pending to refer the bill to the Committee on
' Commerce?
j The SPEAKER. It is not; and cannot be
: made pending the demand for the previous ques-
, tion.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I hope the
! previous question will be voted down.
j The previous question was seconded, and the
! main question ordered.
1 The bill was referred to *he Committee of the
i Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
! be printed.
Mr. HATCH moved to reconsider the vote by
! which the bill was referred, and also moved to
: lay the motion to reconsider upon the table,
j The latter motion was agreed to.
; Mr. PHELPS, of Alissouri. I move that the
j rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will give way to allow the bill next in
order on the Speaker's table to be taken up and
passed, if ho will allow the title to be read, I
presume there will be no objection.
ELIZA M. EVANS.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask the gentleman to e;ive
way for a moment. The petition of Mrs. Eliza
Evans was, a few days since, by mistake, re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions. I merely ask that it biutll be v/ithdrawn
fiom that commutec, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
There bein^ no objection, the petition was ac-
cordingly withdrawn and referred.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouii. I will yield for
the bill to which the gentleman from Al.tbama
has referred to be disposed of.
Mr, PHILLIPS. How many bills are there
upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. Some ten or a dozen.
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill is to provide for hold-
ing the courts of the United States m the State of
Alabama; and if gentlemen will hear it read, I do
notsuppose there will be a single objection. The
necessity for it arises in consequence of the ill
health of Judge Sales, who holds his court alter-
nately at Mobile and Huntsviiio. The bill au-
thorizes Judge Campbell, of the United States
Supreme Court, to hold court there duroig Judge
Sales's illness. I ask for the reading of the bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume the reading of the
bill will furnish sufficient explanation; and I hope
' it will be passed without objection.
