454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
slaves, the process of smuggling, and the bribe-
ries of contraband; we have a fair hypothesis of a
total commerce, amounting to $80,000,000. Yet
a large number of people go farther, and main-
tain a still bolder opinion. Some think that the
commercial transactions of Cuba reach the bona
fide amount of $100,000,000 per annum. They as-
sert upon a calculation on the duration of a slave's
life and labor in Cuba, and the demands of the
plantations and smaller farms, that more than ten
thousand slaves are introduced every year.
They also contend that the necessaries of life
introduced by Spanish vessels represent nineteen
and one half j:er cent.; that the less useful articles
by the same vehicle, represent twenty-three and
one half per cent.' By foreign vessels, that the for-
mer stand at twenty-seven and one half per cent.,
and the latter at thirty-three and one half percent.
The pioductions of Spain, under the foreign flag,
pay fourteen and one half per cent., whilst the
same articles, under the national flag, pay but
^everi and one half per cent, ffi addition to
which theie is, in every case, a balcinza or equali-
zation duty of one per cent. They consider the
ad valorem duties of the tariff as exorbitant; espe-
cially as the appraisements of that tariff are fre-
quently twice as high as the actual original price.
The necessary consequence is, that many articles
of merchandise are held to pay to the custom-
house eighty, one hundred, or even one bundled
and twenty per cent, on its value under the color
of entrance duty in the island. Such abuses in
the administration of the Government, they main-
tain, compel the most honorable merchants to
resort to smuggling and fraud. Theie is not,
therefore, due accuracy in the returns of the Gov-
ernment.
The resources of Cuba are daily increasing,
too, under the impetus of improved communica-
tions. A web of railroads is spreading over the
island; and, under their mspuation, highei enei-
gies are awakened, new enterprises stimulated,
and vast accessions (if wealth introduced. There
are three hundred and eighty-six mile* of rail-
road completed, or under eontrnet, and intercom-
munication is now easy throughout the western
department of Cuba. The eastern and central
departments are still almost inaccessible; but they,
■ too, art1 now trembling under the march of events,
and the almost impossibilities of communication
will soon yield to the spit it of civilizing improve-
ments. IJow great the wealth which will follow
in the track of these facilities-, our western le-
gions attest. So gieat are the lesoureesoi Cuba
now, and under the double influence of increased
communications, and the established ascendency
of law and order, their augmentation in the fuluie
is almost unlimited.
The political and commercial connection be-
tween Cuba and the United Suites is of gieat un-
poitance, and cannot be suhdy ovei looked in the
calculations of our policy. The tiadifons of the
Republic for almost half a century, mid the lineal
and unbroken policy <>i each sucwidmg Admin-
istration, for mote than thutyyars attest the
delicacy and importance of this connection. The
leaders of all pirtiesand all Administrations of
the United Sruti-s, have agreed to the importance
of acquiring Cuba, and have declared that -tins
Republic would not allow the tiunsfer of the isl-
and from Spain to any other Kuropean power.
So highly did the Government \aiue the political
connection between Cuba and the United Spates,
that John Ctuincy Adams, in while Seeie-
taiy of Staie, said, in his in.siructnm.5? 10 Mr. Nel-
son, then Minister to Madrid, that the island was
necessary, even to preserve the Union.
Mr. Everett, in a confidenii.il dispatch to the
Secretary ofStite, in 1827, baid he had informed
the Spanish Minister of State, " that it was with
the United States a seltL-d princljde that the island
[Cuba] must in no ever.t pas^ in'o the possession
or under th v vro'ccllo.i ol any European Power
other th-m ^p^iu.
Mr. Van 1} iron,  u 1620, in hi; nif ti actions to
Mi. Van ;;<5s, said:
The Guxenimi ?.i mi the I.-;!:"'.!
with the deepest iniewNt umm lit" hue n
pameulailv ot Cuba, it '2eo«i;<; l)K «u po-
st aimo-t v ahai c-tiuu ot our • oiirn , n -Ho
ji".i1. it '■ '■*' N-oiuut'ind ol ihvi Gi.l, o;' M<*
irid.a -e.t-. )' - s«Se a,-d c.Lp.u'iou- has be
tnm-. iii*) < \< '
pruduet - is''J
!i i • a! ,v;u -• looked
t'Waf !-l,t|ld-. but
lion, wiiicli pi ice-!
„• aud, a* a \\ etc,
-<  . a.et the West
•.if- nch piodue-
•b, ior our s-inplsw <'"_rticultural
ii, ^.m.touue^co.ivausic, une of the mo-tc\-
mn^ive arid v.ilu u.',.: manchcb o  our iureism trade, lender
it of the utmost au'-oitance tu the United States that no
change should take place in its condition which might in-
juriously affect our political and commercial standing in
that quarter."
Mr. Stevens, in 1837, in his letter to Mr. For-
syth, said that, in confidential conversation with
Lord Palmerston, he had reminded him of the
declaration of our Minister to the French Gov-
ernment, in 1826, "that the United States could
not see with indifference Porto Rico and Cuba
pass from Spain into the possession of any other
Power."
In 1840, Mr. Forsyth, then Secretary of State,
instructed Mr. Yail, our Minister to Spain, in
these words:
" The United States have long looked with no slight de-
gree of solicitude to the political condition of the Island of
Cuba. Its proximity to our shores, the extent of its com-
merce with us, and the similarity of its domestic institu-
tions with those prevailing m poi turns of oar own country,
combine to foibid that we s-hould look with indifference
upon any occurrences connected with the fate of that it-land.
The Spanish Government lias often been appu&ed of the
wishes of the United States, that no other than Spanish
domination should fie exeiei&ed over it, and scarcely need
be told tliat our policy, in that respect, has undergone no
change."
In the same dispatch he says, in relation to the
occupation of Cuba by Great Britain, in cither of
the two modes which he«uggested as likely to be
lesorted to by the latter Power:
<{ Whether attempted to bo brought about by one or the
othei of the means alluded to, or by any other piocess, the
United £tate> can never permit it. The Spanish Govern-
ment 1-, to bear in mind this fixed resolution on our patt,
ami be given to understand that it taken upon Ions and
mature deliberation,and at all costs, to govern the conduct
of the United States.;5
Again, he says upon this subject:
" Should you have reason to suspect anv desijin, on the
part of Spain, to tianMcr voluntarily hei title to the inland,
whether of owneistnpoi pos>esMOii, and whether peima-
ncnt oi tempoiarvj to Gieat llriiain or any other Power,
you will distinctly'atate that the United States will pi event
it at all hazard-, a^ they will any foreign imht&iy occupa-
tion for any pretext whatsoever."
Mr. Webslei', in a confidential dispatch to Gen-
oral Campbell, United States consul at Havana,
m 1843, said:
" Tin- Oovcrmnontlias Ion:; been in po^o^ion
of the policy and wishes ol tins Government m ie atd to
Cuba, winch have nevoi chunked, and lia^ been lep'-atcdlv
told that the United States nevei would peimitthe oceu-
pition of th.it i-fand by lirifush agents or forces upon any
ptete,\i whatsoever"'
In 1844, Mr. Upshur, in his instructions to Mr.
Irving, said:
<£ In tiie event (hat Spain shall so far vteld to the pre-*-
«.nre upon bet. n< io concede to Gieat Btitam any control
ovei Cuba, the fact, will necessarily have an unpoiiant in-
fluence ovei the policy ot rhu- Government.''
Mr. Buchanan, in 1848, in his instructions to
Mr. launders, thus defined the position of the
United States in respect to Cuba:
'• Dut we can never consent that tint, inland -"hall beeome
.i eolouc o; anv otliet Eiuopean l\nver. In ISic possession
of Gieat jliiuin or any shorn; naval I'owei. it might piove
) unions both to out domestic and loseign commerce, and
even endan^et the umo.i of the States Tbe h.^heu and
ht-t dutv ol ewrv independent nation h to provide tot it-
own sa'eiy ; and aelnuj upon this pnneipie. we should he
compelled to ie-i -t the ai i|UiMlion of (.Julia hy any jiower-
lui ni.uuune St o<\ witli .ill the means which Providence
has placed at out c(>ntinand."
Mr. Marcv, the late Secretary of State, in his
instructions to Mr. Buchanan, in 1853, said:
•• For many reasons, the United States feel deeply inter-
ested m the destiny or Cuba. They will nevet consent to
it^tiauslei to eitlier of* the inteivening nations, oi to any
oihci joieign State. Thc\ would le^reftosre toieign Pow-
eis mteilVie to sii-tain Spanish i i;le in the inland, should it
punoke icMatdiiet; h.o Iui imdablc to be overcome by Spam
ller-el!-M
To Mr. Sonle, he pnys:
" While th-* L'li.ied S' ue- would i e-:M, at every hazaul,
tlie transi'ei;•!!(.(> of Cuba to any Eiuopeau nation, they
would ox.-t "(hnj'iy rciiei to see Spam iesoiiin<: to any
I'owei [oi a-«M 'ii' c to uphold bet iu!e ovei it Suehado-
pendeive oo foteiirn .nd would, in eliect, invest the aux'il-
ni' v \M.h the ehat.ietei of a piofctm, and give it a pie text
to 'utetfeie pi oui aflau^, and <ilso <vneralh in those of the
No.th Vne'uea.i eoutuient In ca--e of <.nlhsion with the
L'aited State-!, -.ueii piofctms PfJ'.ver w ould he m a condi-
tioii to ni ike ne.ulv the snine u-e of that i-lami-f) annoy us
as it co.;hl do it it we,e the abiolute po-^^oyor ot it."
I will only ;uld the testimony of Mr. Jefferson.
Tti a Intei to Mi. Monroe, dated 24th of Octobcr,
1^?3, he Sdya:
'• f candidly confess, 1 have ever looked on Cuba as the
most win ic-tmg addnion which eouid ever lie made to our
system of States. The eonttol which, with the Florida
point, tin? island would give us over the Gulf of Mexico,
and the coumivfs and ifflimus bordenng on it, as well ad
those who^e water- flow mto it, would fill up the nieasine
ofotu political well being."
Thus have the efforts of successive Adminis-
trations and the resources of diplomacy concurred
to illustrate the political importance of the acqui-
sition of Cuba.
Our commercial connection with the island is
no less suggestive and imposing. The sum of our
commercial transactions with Cuba, in 1853,
amounted, in round numbers, to $£19,000,000, as
derived from the returns of the fiscal agents of
Spain in the island. It has been steadily increas-
ing since then; and with the fetters struck from
our commerce with her, no one can calculate the
point to which it would ascend. Nor is this com-
merce limited to any portion of the Confederacy;
every interest and every State are embraced in it.
There were imported into Cuba, in 1853, the
following1 schedule of articles, with their value
according to the revenue tariff:
Provisions. %
Liquors and wine? $2fBfll.fr!l 00
Meats, (salt, jeiked, &e.)   1,6^."),657 00
Groceries    80,545 06
Fiuus    27,">,340 77
Gram*  4J99 978 00
Fisheries  599,065 05
Other provisions  1,765,624 00
Manufacture's.
Cotton shirting5? and stuff*  3.080,874 00
Linens and cloths    2,198,592 00
Woolens    4^7,187 03
Silks  583.145 02
Furs  703,802 01
Miscellaneous.
: Timber and building materinl*  1.868.960 00
i Meials  "5So.020 < 6
1 Cattle '  39.S90 04
; Udihoad materials  273,491 07
! Sugai-house and engine materials  496,163 05
I Aitieles not included in the pteceding divis-
,    6,093,376 00
| Thus Cuba imported in 1853, provisions to the
' value of $11,378,270: manufactures, $7,053,622;
ntid other articles, $9,277,900.
: Can any one look over this schedule of imports
; and say that every interest and every State in
i the Union is not deeply interested in the trade
I with Cuba? Have the South and West no mter-
j est in the $20,000,000 of provisions and metals
j and lumber annually imported ? Have the North
; no interest in the &7,000,000 of manufactures an-
! nually carried into the island ? Of the whole im-
j poitation, amounting: to $27,789,800, the United
, States contribute $6,719,733, or within a fraction
1 of one fourth.
We are deeply interested, too, in the exports
i from Cuba. These, in 1853, amounted in value
[ to $31,210,405; of which the United States re-
1 ccived $12,131,095, or moie than a third. In that
| year the following were the chief exports from
; the island:
; Btandyor Rum, (p«pes)  14,294
: Cotton, (pounds)  138,625
; Sug.u, (boxes) 1,657,192
I CoiHo, faiMib.is of 25 pournln)  442,730
I Urav, (nuoba-0 .' 45.945
, Mahosony and otner wood, (value in dollars).... 448,434
i Molasses'and battel v simps, (hogsheads)  303,331
I L'^af tobacco, (pound.-)    8,039,797
II Cigars, (thousands)   237,350
ii These arc articles which cheer the homes of
11 every grade of population within the limits of the
i'Republic. Smite Cuba from the geography of
,: the world, and how much of comfort would -be
j: abstracted from the people of every portion of
j; our Confederacy ?
i! But it is not alone in the articles of export and
;i import that Cuba concerns us. We are deeply
. interested in the mode in which commerce is cou-
] ducted. Whence come the vessels in which these
j j productions are carried from one port to another ?
j The following table gives a significant answer,
j| and tells the mteiest we have in it: Brazilian 2;
II Italian 6: Russian 7; Austrian 8; Spanish Amer-
ij ican 13: Prussian 17; Swedish and Norwegian 17;
: | Danish 20; Netherlands 24; Belgian 45; Hanseatic
; Towns 57; French 126; English 348; Spanish 901;
I; United States 2,307. Out of a total of _3,91Smer-
chant vessels engaged in 1853 m carrying the ex-
!! ports and impoi ts* of Cuba, the United States con-
ji tnbuled 2,307. The total amount of tonnage for
; i that year was 713,330. The tonnage of the Span-
;j ish vessels was 162,877; of foreign vessels 550,453.
I] The proportion of the United States can only be
; I approximated, as there are no complete data. Ac-
i! cording to the returns made to the Treasury De-
partment, the commerce of the United States with
Cuba for 1851 and 1852 was carried on in ship-
ping, rated as follows: Cleared the United States,
American yessels, 254,018 tons; foreign, 29>703.
