1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45.5
Entered the United States, American vessels,
249,307, tons; foreign, 33,030 tons. Thus deeply
implicated in our commerce with Cuba is this
large and increasing branch of industry.
The geographical^ position, resources, and po-
litical and commercial relations of Cuba with the
United States, thus unfold the importance of ac-
quiring the island. That there are drawbacks I
readily acknowledge; but are they superior to the
advantages? The character of these drawbacks
will be seen from an examination into the char-
acter of the population, the interior economy of
the island, and the altitude of foreign Powers.
Cuba is divided into three departments; the wesU
ern, central, and eastern. The population of the
western department, according to the latest esti-
mates, numbers: whites, 225,500; free colored,
83,300; slaves, 320,500. The middle or central
department: whites, 153,000; free colored, 42,500;
slaves, 50,500; and the eastern department: whites,
87,060; free colored, 74,770; slaves, 65,100. These
tables give an aggitgate of population: whites,
4G5,5G0; of free colored, 205,570; of slaves,436,1G0.
The total population, 1,107,230. There are con-
flicting statements, but they do not vary very
materially. The American Statistical Annual for
1852 puts the population at 1.218,130; thus sub-
divided : whites, (native and European,) 005,560;
free colored, 205,570; slaves, 436,100.
In 1775, the population of the United States,
without the guide of a census, was estimated at
fully 3,001),000. In that year the population of
Cuba was 170,370. Our last census, in 1850,
shows our population to be 23,000,000, in round
numbers. According to the indications of bills of
mortality, and the working of iho principles on
which the new science of social statistics is based
—all of them controlled by the laws of modern
hygiene, as well as of political economy—Cuba,
with a deduction for the intrusive addition of our
emigrant laws to our own population, and by the
rule of proportion, should show, for tire period
we have traversed, an increase®f population
amounting to 1,303,333.
This population is distributed under three divis-
ions, fenced round with strong distinction. The
lowest division consists of the colored population,
the large majority of which are slaves. The sec-
ond is made up of free men; but men who repre-
sent the most motley and heterogeneous com-
pounds imaginable in the class of hybiidism. A
score of antipodal castes; a score ot conflicting
human elements; a score of clashing, not blend-
ing characters, and types de facto, constitute this
Cuban social oigunization,in which the European
Spaniard rudel^taboos the natives and owners of
the soil, and claims and exercises precedence over
the disinherited fdhis terrctz, and even over the for-
eigners, protected by pretended treaty stipula-
tions, and settled in the island, with their family
admixtures of every degree of parentage. The
third, and what they call the "hieraichy"—the
highest class of society in the order of rank and
station—is composed of the lar*e landholders,
the wealthiest merchants, and the principal func-
tionaries of the colonial government. Most of
these — Cicoles in a large number excepted —
move in perfcct accord with, and due subser-
vience to, the political views, intents, and inter-
ests. of Spain.
It is objected that the number of free negroes
in thS island would make its incorporation into
our Confederacy troublesome, if not dangerous.
It is yet to be revealed that the African can with-
stand the domination of the anglo-Norman race:
or that he will not readily lapse into appropriate
submissiveness. If Cuba were acquired, this pop-
ulation would be tractable and safe, or its resi-
dence in the island terminated. In no event could
it occasion scfious social disturbance. No tenable
objection can be derived from the laws which
regulate slavery m Cuba. No matter how strin-
gent, or even savage, they may be, they would im-
mediately be relaxed, under'the influence of our
system. It is a distinctive peculiarity of the
anglo-Norman race that it fixes itsimpiess upon
every people with whom it comcs into contact.
This is, in an eminent degree, the peculiarity of
the people of the United States. Through the
living entail ofblood they have inherited tho essen-
tia) elements of character which distinguished
each subdivision of the Caucasian race; and thus
they assimilate others to them v/jth greater fa-
cility. Under the alchemy of this influence, our
system of slavery would easily be substituted for
that of the Spanish in Cuba
But is the system of slavery in the island as
severe and barbarous as it is often represented to
be? In speaking of the servile population of
Cuba, the Chevalier Lobe, with the experience
of twenty-five years residence in the island, says:
u The condition of the slave at the present day is incom-
parably bi'ttri than it was a few ycais ago. Indeed, this
minor-hi'lam, js positively belter clad, fed, and treated in
the colony, than he ever had been before. The obvious
interest which the master feels in hb preservation, nici eas-
ing in piopoition with the difficulty of fidudulently intro-
ducing hi:- bretinen, has resulted in the fact, (hat the physi-
cal condition of tho slave ^ infinitely moie comfouable in
Cuba, inoio humane in lact, than that enjoved by white
men. so etyWl free, though they may be crowded in the
mamifnctuung dungeons, set m motion by steam, ovei the
civilized woikh"'
This is the testimony of a European, a high
public functionary in Cuba, and one imbued with
, all the prejudices wl^ich may be legitimately as-
cubcd to one of his class, against the institution
of negro slavery.
i The interior administration of tho istand inter-
poses no d'fficultics to i*s acquisi'ion, but rather
facilities for it. The admimstiation of justice,
■ even atTne present day, is a miserabU farce. There
are tribunals to inquire into the concerns of those
, who have the exclusive right of resorting to them
| —such as the military, the provincial iniiuia. the
seamen, the officers of the Use, the post office,
the clergy, the nobles, and tiie individuals be-
longing, ad hominem, to the royal household of
Spain. Thus justice is subservient to the titled
and wealthy, while the obscure and ind'i'entarc
j tho victims of oppression. The power of the Cap-
' tainGoiioi.il also runs through all the intenor ad-
ministration of the island. Dumi  tho pe.iod of
his authority he enjoys, from Spain, tho rmk of
field marshal, as well as the dignity of the vice
royalty. Consequently both the exchequer and
the na\y of the island' ore under his control, al-
though ihere aie both an admiral and an inteiidant
appomn d nominally to manage under him.
Th^ central aullioiity of the island is now hut
a modification of what was formerly the ancient
ofiice of thcCaptam General, whilst his secretary-
ship hos been conveited into a real government
machine, which extends over the whole of Cuba.
In consequence of this change, the civil secretary
general is the soul of the great administrative in-
stitution, whilst the military secietary, who was
formerly his supm lor m the official hierarchy, has
de facto sunk below his confrere, and takes cog-
nizance of none hot military affairs, or of such as
are dircctiy connected with lus department.
The result of this state of things is, that the
civil secretary general is a sort of piesuhmt of the
Cuban cabinet, ha vine: under his control the heads
of divisions, erected into ministers for thevaiious
branches of the administration confided to them.
At the apex'of this organization is the Captain
General, the supreme head of the State, without
whoso positive will nothing can be decided and
nothing pciformed in tiie colony. Like his sov-
ereign, he lias the right of pardon to felons, &c. 
condemned by tho tribunals of the* eou«iTry,and
of rutting hisrdo even on such royal ordinances
os he may dem detrimental to public interest.
Indeed, he is so far and so thoroughly the repre-
sentative of tiie sovereign powm, that he is m-
' \ested with the prerogative of the alter cgu, and,
, like her Catholic Maji'Sty, possesses the power
1 of estopping tne action of the laws thatcontiol
, the Casuhau monai chy wheuev r, in his v/iAiloni.
he may deem u expedient temporarily to suspend
' their u.uise. And yit, if we happen to have ihe
; slightest dftTicuhywvh thomsuLu administration;
. if the lunumcmole abuses which daily grow out
of its action or decisions should press upon our
honor or our interests, this wpiane repit&enta-
tive of the supreme authority of Spam has no
power to abate the abuse, safeguard the honor,
or indemnify the interests. We have noting
to do with this," is the answer given to Amer-
ican representatives; " you must go to the mother
Government" across the Atlantic, th.-ough the in-
tiicacies, the delays, and the subterfugesof fort ign
deportments, the only resort left to us, for the
rediess of now accumulated wrongs.
Thus, tho administration of justice is confined
to the ]limieged, and the hierarchy of power ex-
cludes the laige majority of the natives from dis-
tinction and authoiity. A moral phcian.\ of op-
position, consisting of the plan In* and tradeis
of the secondary rank, and many of the inferior
office-holders, lias thus been constituted; power-
ful through its numbers, talents, and energy-—an
opposition, however, unuttcrcd and unspoken,-
from the fact that they cannot command the voice
of a press to comment on the doings of a superior
authority, as dark, remorseless,and iriesponsible
as ever was the tribunal of the dreaded Ten within
the limits <?f Venice. These, with the largo body
of the Creoles—the white children of the soil, who
are, excluded by the iron policy and the hoary
despotism of Spain; the white sons of the soil,
who are doomed to live undistinguished, with a
brand and mark of inferiority on their brow,
" unless they have learned to betray"—these are
the progressives and revolutionists of the island;
who, in bitterness of heart and brok'ennoss of
spirit, await some day of deliverance
Mr. RITCHIE. J desire to ask the gentleman
from South Carolina whether, because a country
has a government of which he does not approve,
ho therefore has the right to seize upon it?
Mr. KEITT. I will answer that question at
the proper time.
But the administration of the island illustrates
its oppressiveness most signally in the expendi-
tures of the public revenue. Authentictables show
that the receipts into the treasuiy of the island
for 1849, 1850, 1851, and 1852, consisting of the
revenue and speeurl deposits, amounted to the stun
of §53,991,714. Of this sum, J3,2J9,S94 was ex-
pended in ihccoktof collection; $1,27I,1G7 in the
cost of public worship; and &G20,7i3 for the ad-
ministration of justice; while $21,913,951 were
expended for the support of tiie army, and
*>7,122,976 for that of the ir<x\y. Can anyone
look at this table of expenditures and say that
Spain holds Cuba otherwise than in live iron grasp
; of power? Hei spies ate in almost every house-
hold to catch the first whisperings of revolt, and
. she has more than thirty thousand soldiers there
to tread the people down into subjection. Thisis
j the administrative economy of the Island ofCuba.
| There is nothing, then, in the population orGov-
■ ernment machinery of the island to seriously em-
. barrass its acquisition.
1 Have we anything to apprehend from Great
i Britain and Fiance in ourelforts to acquire. Cuba ?
j We can acquire n only by one of tv o modes: pur-
; chase or conquest, if Spain would sell the island,
the greafPowei'3 of Europe could not .interfere.
Hut will Spain hc.11 Cuba ? There is no probability
| that she will, because Cuba is one of her sources
| of revenue, especially for the manUeuance of her
. navy, the support of her colonial defense, and the
! defrayal of her diplomatic and coe-ailm* service on
' the continent of Ameuca. Tiie nreat families of
Spain, ah-o, have la^e •states in the isUmd, and
her beggared nohjiit v a: e :3ent tin ie to repairtheir
shattered fortmie>\ You nm.'i nmiernber, too, the
1 declaration of Luzuriaga, in the Spanish Cortes,
, that " Spjincan never either oFcnate or Cuba
under any conditions or terms, beceuse such sale
. would be tantamount io the barter of her honor.55
Against such sale, also, the tradiwons and the
pride of Spain pjote^,. P;otest fhode traditions,
still instinct with the^iMudeurof that period when
the Spanish empiie ves ?;o world-wide that Ar-
gensola, in dedicating l>;s splendid-chronicles to
the monarch, could wuh justice s„r. : " I depose
Ibis work at the fee't of youi map-sty, o\ or whose
dominions the sun never wet?:.'5 IVctrjts that
pride, as haughty now as on the d.iy when Grim-
aldi told the minister of v.e'm ions e'.wnee, uiging
Spain to sell Louisiana to us: '• The kin^ my
master, is accustomed to conquer ana de'end ter-
ritories at th-1 point of the swoiJ, bin never to hell
, them.*' No; Cuba \v>\] not come to us by pur-
Can we acquire it out of the condi'ion of pur-
chase, without war with Great Brit&in^ and
France- They have compacted with ^p.un 'v>
guaranty and maintain her sovereignty over tho
teuKory of the inland; and the i-athcri.^' ;;f ''n :-r
navies in tiie waters of the Gull and V e.< Inuid
seas, indicate no disposition to recede Iron the
guarantee. Tho proposition was r.sade u us to
enter into this compact, but it was rejected by Mr.
Fillmore's administration. In con.iceaon with
tins question, we must also reeled this cJeelaia-
t;on made by a pubhcfunctioe uy uf the Xu'.her-
kindb, Chevalier Lobe, in 18GG:
In Europe, franec- umi Ee .iL'jaily frtiind r>.'5b
vi-jiblc ia^uumenw of Piov!.l.oteo ; iui, uinicd one mroj.
