1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wt
Drakes; touching with their red hands—red with
the blood of despoiled thousands — the dainty
fingers of the virgin dueen, or laying at her feet
the crimson trophies of arson, murder, and theft.
Oh, no; Americans alone are fillibusteros; Ameri-
cans alone are trampleis of the rights of nations;
alone agents of spoliation and perpetrators of
crime. Heavens above! England mouthing " prin-
ciples of justice between nation and nation, scru-
pulously o-bserved!" and her officials again inau-
gurated in the Bay Wands' encroachment. Eng-
land imputing to us constructive spoliations, and
her armaments crowding every sea in search of
spoil and conquest! Is she oblivious, or mad, or
both ? Or, in charging us with the guilt of ■' spo-
liatiQn and fiagrantcrime, "does she herself claim
an easement for her viitue, in the example of the
harlot of Holy Writ, who " cateth, wipeth her
mouth, and saith, I have done no harm5" If
England would rebuke us, sho must burn up the
history of the. last three hundred years,.stifle the
cries of the pillaged East, and unloose the cinc-
ture with which she has bound the empire of the
earth. Then, when her robes are cleansed from
blood, her records unsullied by usurpation, and
her fame assoilzied from stain", she may rebuke
us for guilty ambition and territorial wrong.
But, it is not for the mere purpose of expansion
that our hand must be laid upon Cuba; it is a
stepping-stone in the pathway of our progress;
and it must be ours, or we must stumble against
it. The commerce of the'world is bursting old
barriers and hunting new outlets. Great Britain
is binding the world in a cinctuie of little Gib-
raltars,as citadels of her power and safeguards of
her commerce. Her hand is laid upon the rock
of Perim; and she will raise it into a miniature
Gibraltar to command the possible outlet of the
Mediterranean through the Red sea, as she now
holds the huge Gibraltar to master the inlet to the
former waters, fetieisaveise to the commingling
of the blue waters of the Mediterranean with the
red waters of the Erythrean sea through the canal
of Suez; but her aversions do not extend to the
commingling; of the billows of the Atlantic witli
those of the Pacific through a like canal, joining
San Juan del Norte with San Juan del Sur. By
such an appliance she well knows our commercial
interests, our Pacific possessions, and our future
enlargements, aie all to be affected. Instinct with
this generous jdea, she immediately modifies her
system of geodetic surveys. Her geographical
scruples are incontinently removed, and her hy-
draulic theories as rapidly changed. On the bare
suggestion ofahungry French adventurer—whose
name smacks eloquently of his instincts, one Mon-
sieur Belly—Lord Malmsbury finds no difficulty
in the construction of a Nicaraguan canal, though
England strongly objects to the canal of Suez.
But, as such an appliance is decidedly to affect
our Pacific possessions, our general commerce,
and consequently our enlarging prosperities, his
lordship equally found that the protectorate of 1 he
canal by France, England, and Sardinia, might
not ungracefully come under the stipulations of
the Clay ton-Bui wer treaty—an instrument which,
under the smcerest respect to the memory of the
dead, I believe to be-the best " springe to catch
woodcocks " ever contrived by vulpine cunning
on the one, and blinked by overweening confi-
dence on the other, side of an international nego-
tiation.
But, sir, I trust that both these splendid enter-
prises of science and energy will be accomplished
m our age. 1 trust that tins nineteenth century,
winch has inscribed the annals of Time with a
record of gigantic lights among the nations of the
earth, will witness the triumph of the work of
civilization in the darker places of the western
and of the eastern hemispheres. The genius of
man, daily weaponed by new discoveries, is in
our days a very conqucior, commanding creative
means, altiaoting continents, and uniting seas.
The Macedonian, whose arms changed the chan-
nels of the commerce of the world, once enter-
tained the idea of restoring what, even in his days,
had been the canal of Pelusium, which had linked
the lied sea to the Kile, and then of establishing
a communication with his city of Alexandria,
which lie had reared at once into a seat of learn-
ing and an emporium of commerce. Death balked
him in his giant purposes.
In our day, I trust that the spirit of humanity,
which is an undying spiiit, will dare, in spite of
all obstacles, through the triple power of science,
wealth, and common sense, freely expressed, to
restore Egypt to the civilizing arts of life which
she once dispensed. There are holy crusades to
be carried on, in peace, in behalf of human civ-
ilization, and they must have every facility and
every way for their werkings over the world. I
trust, therefore, that that spirit, in very defiance
of England's obstacles, will open the Isthmus of
Suez to navigation, and shorten by one half the
way of the enlightened West to the barbaric East.
But especially do I trust that, by the opening and
fostering and the protecting at all hazards of the
Isthmian highways, which the finger of God, with-
in our own hemisphere, has irrevocably marked
out for our tread, we shall still more reduce the
distance that severs us from the Cathays and
Taprobanas, the "Ormusand Ind,"of which the
instincts of the middle ages had dreamed, and
which our own hardy and indefatigable explorers
have settled into realities.
Still, I do not see how we may intervene in the
question of Suez, save in the honest tribute of
our wishes, and the investment of individual
moans. 4
But however we may shelter the matter under
the hints of a Monroe doctrine, the naked and
obstinate fact is, that we do not want, and we
cannot allow, the European nations to come to this
continent to cut through, or regulate, or protect
our isthmuses. The transection of the Isthmus
of Suez has been the subjecftof long and stormy
Cabinet councils of all the Governments of Eu-
rope. For its execution, iheirunaminous consent
had to be obtained. Ours, on which of them we
may settle, are subject to no such condition. The
same Providence, which, in its unsearchable de-
crees brought the American rare to this continent;
the same Providence which raised them from de-
pendence into self-sustaining ability; the same
Providence which had confirmed their political
power, when the original colonists of this conti-
nent were compulsorily resigning theirs; that
same Providence points out to us how we are to
shape our system of development and exhaust
our destiny of greatness. It points to the obvi-
ous ways of transit in our onward path, which
nature and necessity, which the law of progress,
the demands of commerce, and the requirements
of civilization have forclaid for us upon the con-
tinuations of our own soil. It controls the con-
victions of every mind, and stirs up the echoes
of every heart, and each echo answers in the
words of the Lombard leader: " God has marked
it out for me; woe be to-him who touches God's
gift to roc!"
To achieve our destiny, the waters of the Gulf
of ?v!exico must be mare nostiwn. To this the
traditions of the Republic—traditions that are the
living testimony of the past, that can no longer
speak otherwise for itself—and the necessities of
progress, now conspire. The commerce'of the
world is breaking through old barriers and seek-
ing new channels. Up to the beginning of the
period within which we derived our colonial ex-
istence, and from winch we strugglingly, yet not
ignobly, rose into the dignity of a people whose
voice is not unheeded in the councils of nations,
Asia had been the great seat of trade; but its
ti ansacuons, bound to the delays of a tedious and
unsafe sea navigation and land carriage combined,
were mostly restricted to the southeast of Europe
and the waters of the Mediterranean.
But the New World, the more obvious passase
to the east, lay in the unexplored trackways of
the west. From the western coast of Europe
was that new world discovered, and from the,
period of its discoveiy it has reacted on the des-
tinies of both Asia and Europe. From the days
of Phenicia to those of Venice, at the time of the
discovery of America, the Mediterranean s^a, to-
gether with the land routes which joined it to the
Arabian and Persian Gulf, had constituted the
narrow space which limited the international
trade of the world of the sixteenth century. With-
in that space civilization had, for thousands of
years before, taken its roots. Mankind, within
the measure of their resources, had then and there
wrought wonders which the discovery of this
continent, the peopling of its wastes, the planting
of its colonies—especially the colonies of the Hol-
landish, trench, and English stocks—-aie now re-
producing, in broader forms, in farther reaches,
and far brighter promise. But especially had Asia
exercised an influence on the destiny of trade,
which, with the discovery of our continent, passed
away, never to be retrieved. The eagfir hand of
Young America is, even at the present day, reach-
ing to pluck the jeweled collar from the neck of
her whom the earliest traditionsgreetas th&dow-
ager of the earth, and to plant upon her youthful
brow the diadem which, with the primogeniture
of birth, once proclaimed AsiS the mistress of the
commerce of (he world. - '
Yes, sir; with the exception of India, galvan-
ized into reeXistence by the calculating violence
of England*, and it maybe China-and Japan,
lately startled into a new life, by the intrusions
of the four most powerful nations of the West,
Asia is buried in deepest lethargy,' and its partici-
pation, once so active, in the operations of trade,
has almost entirely-ceased. Even has the south-
eastern extremity of Europe come within the in-
fluences of that torpor. On the very confines of
, the three known divisions cf4he world, which
\ were once the most active theaters of thrifty-
trade; those very confines where the highest de-
velopment of commerce had been witnessed, and
where it seemed destined to go on in unmeasured
extent, ignorance, scantiness, and poverty, have
been substituted for the energy and wealth which
had marked them for the dwelling place of polit-
ical power. With the discovery of this continent,
sir, Italy, not subjugated like Greece, her foster
mother in all the useful arts of s'ocial and politi-
cal life, lost her preeminence and her prosperity
in the commercial scale, when, with the discovery
of Amcrica, the principal sources of that pros-
peiity were suddenly closcd. The very genius
of her son was fatal to her, whilst the discoveries
of his daring spirit brought her down from the
height of that commercial preeminence.
With the mastery of commerce, (which she had
held in her hands for nearly sipc centuries,) her
other elements of greatness disappeared. Yet
they merely disappeared in a change of place.
Other fields for its lesources were opening at the
very time which marked her decay as the con-
troller of the tiadeofthe world, and heralded our
advent into the family of nations, together with
the history of our prosperity and commerce.
Other theaters for its action had been prepared id
the future colonics and States of the American
continent. The scepter of modern commerce was ~
resigned by the reluctant hand of Italy; but re-
signed to be greedily snatched at by Portugal,
Holland, and Spam, by which it was alternately
swayed, until intrinsic causes of decadency, and
a fatal combination of circumstances, put it in the
hands of England; from which, with the declara-
tion of our independence, wo have wrested it for
a perpetual heir-loom in the great family of
American States.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR BTLL.
The hour fixed by the House for the close of
debate upon this bill having arrived,
The CHAIRMAN announced that the bill
would be read by clauses for amendment.'
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend by striking
out the word "Persia," in the following para-
graph of the first clause of the bill:
For salaries ofenvoys oxtraoidi nary, ministers, and com-
missioner-! of the United State* at Great Britain, France,
Pru^ia, Spun, Au^tna, Jlrazst, Mexico, China,
Olnti, IV-rn, fPoini^ai, Switzerland, Rome, Naples,
Sardinia, r.eisriiim, Holland, Dnimuli, Sweden, Turkey,
Ruenoi Ayre-C NcwGiairada. Bolivia, Ecundor, Venezuela,
Guatennla,Nicaiat:ua, Sandwich Island*, Costa Rica, Hon-
duras, Aiguntme Confedeiattoii, and Paraguay,$214,UOO."
My reason for making this motion, is, that we
have no minister at Persia, nor do I see any ne-
cessity for having any there, at -present. Cer-
tainly at a time wiien the Treasury of the Govern-
ment is bankrupt and unable to pay its debts, and
when the people expect retrenchment of us, we
should not enlarge the diplomatic expenses of
the country, except for some controlling reasons.
It is true that the subject of this Peisian mis-
sion was some time since suggested to the other
branch of Congress, and, if I am correctly in-
formed, it has thus far failed to receive the appro-
bation of that branch of the Government which
is so peculiarly connected with tile executive
branch of the Government in the conduct of our
diplomatic affairs. I move to amend the bill as I
have indicated. If the amendmcntshall be agreed
to, it will then become necessary to reduce tlie
amount of the appropriation.
