458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire only to
explain the reasons of the committee in recom-
mending an appropriation for the Persian mis-
sion. The attention of Gongtess was callcd to
this subject during the last session of the preced-
ing Administration, and also a year ago last De-
cember by the President, in his annual message,
in which he stated that he believed it would be
productive of friencHy relations between the Uni-
ted States and the Persian Government, if a min-
ister should be sent to that nation. At that time
no treaty had been ratified and proclaimed between
the United States and Persia. Prior, however, to
the lastsession of Congress, a treaty.had been ne-
gotiated by Mr. Spence, who was our Minister to
the Ottoman Porte, and stationed at Constantino-
ple, with the Persian minister. That treaty was
submitted to the Senate at the lastsession of Con-
giess, and was ratified by that body. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, believing that the
President was th^better able to judge of the ne-
cessity of amission there, and believing also that
he was duly impressed with the necessity of intro-
ducing economy in the public expenditures, en-
tertained the opinion that no minister wouid be
sent to that nation unless there was a necessity
for that purpose. As I remarked yesteiday, it
was a question of expediency for this conimittec
to>leterminc this point. This mission has been
recommended by the Committee on Foreign Reia-
tionsofthe Senate. It lias been recommended by
the Executive; and, sir, under all the circum-
stances, the Committee of Ways and Means did
not feel disposed to take upon themselves the ic-
sponsibility of withholding an opportunity for
the House to express us opinion on tiie subject.
Mr. CURRY. 1 think the time for debate has
not expind.
The CHAIRMAN. There are three minutes
left.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to say, Mr. Chairman,
that the very reason given by seveial gentlemen
of the Committee of Ways and Means is conclu-
sive that this pro vision for amission to Persia ought
to bestricken out; because the Minister to Turkey
has already found it within his power not only
fully to discharge all the oneiuas duties of that
position, but also to do evciythitn; a minister to
Persia could do; and thai is to make a treaty with
that nation and the United Stales. Thoie is not
one ccnt of commetc.e, either of exports or im-
ports, between Persia and us, as shown m the
report on commerce and navigation.
Mr. PliliLPfcS, of Missouu. One word, sir,
of explanation. The Committee of Ways and
Means preferred, on this subject, that the House
should act upon it understandingly; tiiat members
should have an opportunity to decide on it; and
therefore, embraced tins appiopiiution in this bill.
The mallei is betore the committee for it's decis-
ion. 1 may fui tin rmoi e add, that the com mil tee
were advj.xod that a rmnisiei was nbout to visit
the United States from the .Shah of Persia, it
was expected, because of that event, that proba-
bly ordinary courtesy would icquire us to send to
Persia a minister to-return the compliment.
Mr. LiOBOCK. I call for tellers.
Tellers wire otdered; and Messrs. Buffikton
arid Cox were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes seventy-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. Tlie Clerk will proceed
with the reading of the bill commencing at the
nineteenth line.
Mr. MORGAN. I wish to ask a question. 1
would ask the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means whether these assistant secre-
taries of legations at London, Pans, &c., are not
new oliiceror
Mr. PiJiiLPS, of Missouri. They are not.
They are piovub d for by the act of 1^5G
Mr. COLFAX. I would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means how
much there was estimated for the Pel sum mis-
sion? The appi oprntion in the bill ought to be
reduced that amount.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The appropria-
tion then ou^ht to be reduced ^10,000.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Tweive thousand dollars, I
thin k.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouii. No, sir; the act of
1856, afterenumeratmg the salaries which shall be
paid to ministers to certain nations, provides that.
there shall be paid to embassadors to all other na-
tions $10,000, and for ministers resident, ^7,500.
Mr. CURRY. But before we get to that, I
want to move to strike out " Buenos Ayres."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 understand that
we have passed fiom that paragraph.
Mr. CURRY. We have not.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I understand that
the second clause of the bill was read and passed
by. 1 have no desire, by any rule of the House,
to interpose an obstacle to the offering of the
gentleman's amendment. The vote was taken,
as was stated, upon striking out the appropria-
tion for the Persian mission. The next section
of the bill was read and was passed, there being
no amendment proposed to it. If we go back m
one instance, we must m another.
Mr. CURRY. The last vote was on striking
out the provision for the Persian mission. That
was in line eleven; and now I propose to amend
in line twelve, if it be in order, I propose to say
a few words on my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment will be received.
Mr. CURRY. Now, Mr. Chairman, I believe
that our whole mission system is one grand hum-
bug, and that it is intended more to provide places
for placemen, and to extend the patronage of the
executive department, than to enlarge the com-
merce of this country, or to cultivate friendly or
social relations with other Governments. Some
of them might, for social purposes and for special
exigencies, be letanied; but the true system, in
my opinion, is that which was practiced in the
early history of this country, when commission-
ers weie appointed to viMt dilFVront Governments
throughout the world. Mr. Monroe was commis-
sioner to four or five Governments of Europe, and
did more business than three dozen ministers plen-
ipotentiary at the present day. Now, sir, in the
present embarrassed condition of the Treasury, it
is pioposed to establish another new mission—
that to ljuenos Ayres. We have a minister to the
Aigcntiue Confederation; and, as 1 understand it,
l>uenos Ayres was one of the States of that con-
iedeiacv. I know that it did not join the confed-
eiatton of Yet, sir, our minister to the Ar-
gentine Confederation can easily discharge all his
duties, inclusive of those necessaiy for Buenos
Ayres. Nobody doubts this.
Now, Mr. Chairman, although I do not expect
to accomplish much reform here in this matter,
still, 1 desire to state it, as my opinion, that your
missions to Portugal, Sardinia, Naples, Rome,
Belgium, Austua, and to. other Courts, are of no
possible utility whatsoever to the Government;
and that these men whu are dancing attendance
on such Courts arc simply drawing tlic-ir salai ies
without conferring any particle of benefit on the
country.
1 have here a tnble of the commerce between
this country and those counting which 1 have en-
umerated ; and in some instances i he whole of such
commerce would not pay even the salaries of the
ministers sent to these countries. Consular agents
can discharge all the duties that are leipui ed; and
if a special treaty is to be made with any of tin-
foreign Governments, it will be much cheaper and
much moie m accoidancc with republican prin-
ciples, to depute a man specially to attend to that
duty.
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. I will make a
word of explanation, in reply to the remarks of
the gentleman from Alabama. So far as the gen-
eral spnitof his remarks is concerned,) have
nothing to say about it. That is a matter for the
discretion of Congiess. With icgard, however,
to this mission to Buenos Ayies, which he says
is a new mission, I would cite lum to the appro-
priation made at last, session, and at prior ses-
sions, for the same mission.
Mr. CURRY. Will tfic gentleman allow me to
ask hnn whether there is now a minister to that
country ?
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. I will answer that
question in a moment. In regard to this mission
to Buenos Ayres being a new mission, I will say
tins: 1 hold m my hand the consular and diplo-
matic appropriation bill of the last session; and I
find that it contains an appropriation for the min-
ister to Buenos Ayres. The same has been the
case for several years past.
With regard to the point which the gentleman
makes, that one minister, to the Argentine Con-
federation might discharge the duties of minister
to Buenos Ayres also, I concur with him in t!>at
opinion. But provision for this is made in the
diplomatic act of 1856, which governs this matter.
Under it, when one person discharges the duties
of two missions, he receives the full salary of one,
and half the salary of the other. That is what
will be done m this case. *If Mr. Yancey, who
is our minister to the Argentine Confederation,
shall also discharge the duties of minister to Bu-
enos Ayres, he will be entitled to his full com-
pensation of $7,500 per annum for the one, and*
half of that sum for the other. It is in this view
that the estimates are made up. In Central Amer-
ica, for instance, we have one person acciedited
to two Governments. Mr. Clark, of Kentucky,
is accredited to the- Governments of Guatemala
and Honduras; and another gentleman is accred-
ited to the Governments of Nicaragua and Costa
Rica. These ministers are in the receipt of
$7,500 a year for the one mission,and half of that
sum for the other. Thi3 is the condition under
which the salaries are diawn.
Mr. CURRY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him if any mission has ever been discon-
tinued in the history of the Government, except
to a country like Poland, that was stricken from
the history of nations?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to refer
to the section of law controlling the matter. By
the act of 1856, which remodeled our consular
and diplomatic systcim, it is provided:
u Tnat when to ;i.iy diplomatic od'iee held by any pn^on
thcio pIkiU be Miperndd'>d anothei, such pei.-< t\ v]>a!l br> al-
lowed additional coinpen-ation lor Ins vices, in such su-
peiaddci! ollice, at tit" tare of tin v pei centum ot the amount
allowed h> iln& act lor such sunt tadik'tl odie^. and yncii
-iipei.nldod ofliee Mi-'t! be denied to PontU'U'Mluinijr the
tune io winch it i> inniti d by the totals thereof, and !oi such
time -.huli be aenuilv .nut uee;>«saiilv occupied in making
the tumult betv\ een the t'vo port-j oi'duiy, ;ii the commence-
ment ami teimiaation of the pcnou of audi tupciacided
otlico mi limited, and no ieni^i.''
The question was taken on Mr. Curry's mo-
tion to strike out Buenos Ayres;" and it was
agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing section of the b.h:
*• Foi salaries of cnvini cvtiaordmcuy, mim'ston?, and
commissions* of the United Sf-ifs at Great B main, France,
ltti--aa, I'riifMa, Spun, Austria, Biazil, Mexico, China,
Chili, Peiu, Persia, l'o'iu«al. Hvvitzeikind. Home, Naples,
Sardinia, lj."lgmm, Holland, iK'umark, tfwccicn, Tuikey,
BuemK Avre^. New Gi.nuvi.i, Bolivia. Keuador, Venezuela,
Gauteniala.Nieai a«ua. Sandwich H-kutdi. Co-taUica, Hon-
duras, Argentine Contodei.uion, and r«n.«.miay, ^214,000.''
Now, I would like to inquire of anyone who
know:?, whether any of these missions are estab-
lished by law in ih.it sense that it, is obligatory on
Congress to nend minister,* to any of these places ?
In other word;, supposing all these appropria-
tions for ministers to be siriekon out, 1 want to
know whether we violate any law or nor ? 1 would
like to know from tlv chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Allans, how many of these mis-
sions arc mpiiied by any existing law?
Mr. PH J2LPS, of Missouri. 1 believe that all
of these offices are filled at this time. Appoint-
ments of inuiisfeis have been made, I believe, to
all of thc^e nations that are here mentioned.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Bat is there a law requiring
them to be appointed ?
Mr PITLLPS, of Missouri. There is no law
requiring an embassador to he sent to any par-
ticular nation. The President poNS'^scs the power,
by virtue of the Constitution, of sending them.
Congi appropriates tile money that is necessary
to piy the Silanew of the imms^rs; and these
s;ilnri'-s are fixed by existing law.
Mi. JONLo, of Tennessee, i ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
the monoy has not already b ion appropriated to
pay nil (lie ministers now appointed up to the
oO'h of June next, and whether that is not long
enough to allow them to gel home, if we now re-
fuse to make any appropriation for another year?
[Laugh tcr.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am in earnest in respect to
this. I made some remarks, picnsely to this
point, a year ago; and I still insist that I have no
conception of the use that any of these ministers
are to this country. 1 do not know what inter-
est'oftho country would suOer if there were not
another appointment of tins character made. I
know* that some individuals may suffer. I know
there would not be so many places to be filled by
those who have been repudiated by the people.
