1540
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
March 1,
a question that is not to be%iscussed here, lie
has said that he did not seek the reputation of
being a reformer. As one of the juniors of the
House, I wish to vindicate him in that respect,
and shall pronounce him not guilty.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. EUSTIS. I move to amend by increasing
theamount$100,000. In connection with this mat-
ter, I desire to say that, although this bill comes
before the House recommended by the Committee
of Ways and Means, and recommended by the
Department and the Administration, it contains,
as 1 think, radical defects, and which, I flatter my-
self, I will be able to point out to the committee.
The discrimination that has been made in this bill
between foreign service and domestic service is
one that cannot fail to do injustice to the interests
of American shipping: and American commerce.
I call the attention of the committee to the com-
paratively large amount that is to be appropriated
to this foreign service; and I will state here, nev-
ertheless, that I consider it insufficient to main-
tain a healthy system of ocean steam mail service.
I would rather nave twoor three well-established,
well-regulated lines, and have these lines subsid-
ized by the Government, than have twenty lines
badly regulated, and irregularly compensated. If
the amount of appropriation for the foreign ser-
vice is insufficient—and that it is, we have the best
proof in the fact that one line is completely aban-
doned, and the other, the line from Bremen to
New York, is now with difficulty struggling to get
along—I ask the committee what must become of
our domestic service, when it is taken into con-
sideration that the sum appropriated for the trans-
portation of the mail, via lehuantcpec, is only
$187,500, and that that sum is based on the esti-
mated postage received from that line? That es-
timated postage alone this Government proposes
to pay to the Tehuantepoc company for carrying
the mails.
Let us look at the facts. The distance from
New York to San Francisco is about six thou-
sand miles. The Pacific mail companies employ
two separate lines of steamers, running on two
oceans—the Pacific and the Atlantic. They have,
besides, transit routes, for the establishment anil
Iteeping up of which enormous sums have been,
and continue to be, expended. The postage is only
ten cents for a letter; printed matter, free; public
documents, in extravagamiy large numbers,also
f<ee of ail posiuge. The distance from isfew York
to Liverpool is about three thousand miles; the
postage on a letter is twenty-four cents; all printed
matter and documents are charged postage. Un-
der this bill it is seriously proposed to pay more
than twice as muc/i, for.foreign service, for a dis-
tance only equal to one half of the home service; and
it must be remembered that, >n that foreign steam-
mail service, foreign vessels aie employed to the
exclusion of American ships. 1 ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means why
thisgiossly unjust discrimination ? Why uienot
Anieiican vessels; why are not American com-
panies; why is not American capital, placed at
least on the same fooling as foreign vessels, for-
eign companies, and foieign capital? It* by tor-
turing, and, as 1 contend, on th« authority of the
Atiornoy (General of the United States, by violat-
ing the piovisions of the act of 1857, the honor-
able gentleman is determined to place the Pacific
mail companies under their opeiauon, then 1
manitain that we are entitled to at least the benefits
and advantages of the position wo are foiced to
occupy; if wo are to be treated as foreign scrvice,
give uvforeign postage pay-
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Does the gentle-
man desire an answer ?
Mr. EUSTio. Yes, sir; and I will also ask the
gentleman to answer another question, for I have
sought answers to them in vain. I ask him upon
whut he bases tins estimate of *>167,500, m lines
thirty-eight and thirty-nine? 1 have not been
abb- to find it, either in the report of the Postmas-
ter General or in this letter, which purports to
furnish estimates for carrying the mails between
the United States and foreign countries and the
Atlantic and Pacific coasts during the year 1860.
I a?,k the chairman of the Committee of Y/uys
imd Means upon what it is based?
[lieie the hammer fell.j
Mr. PHELPS, of Missynii. The gentleman's
tune having expired, I wdl now reply to h;m m
the five minutes allotted to me. He inquires why
a discrimination is made between foreign vessels
and American vessels, foreign companies and
American companies. 1 tell him that this mad
steamer appropriation bill is framed in pursuance
of existing law, which forbids, the Postmaster
General to allow any'greater compensation to any
vessel running between an American and a for-
eign port than the postages earned by that vessel.
Mr. HORTON. I will state to the gentleman,
that I have here the opinion of the Attorney
General directly to the contrary.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Very well, sir;
the opinion of the Attorney General may govern
the gentleman from Ohio, but it will govern me
when it is in pursuance of my convictions of right
or wrong, and not otherwise. I surrender my
opinions as a legislator to no man.
A Member. Not to the President ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. PBiELPS, of Missouri. No, sir; to no
man. The act of the 14th of June last authorizes
the Postmaster General to cause the mails to be
transported 44 between the United States and any
foreign port or ports." I ask you if Panama is
not a foreign port? I ask you if Tehuantepec is
not a foreign port ?
Mr. EUSTIS. The mails are carried to Cali-
fornia via Panama.
Mr. PHELPS,ofMissouri. I care notwhether
it be via Panama, or whether the line terminates
there. I am willing that the gentleman may crit-
icise the lanepage as he pleases.
Mr. EUSTIS. I have asked the gentleman two
questions, and the gentleman from Ohio has asked
him one, and he has riot yet answered either of
those questions.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
complains that it is a hardship that those who
perform mail service between New Orleans and
Tehuantepec, and thence to San Francisco, only
receive ten cents on each letter they carry. That
is not my fault.
Mr. HORTON. I desire to ask the gentleman
aquestion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Why, the gen-
tleman from Louisiana complains that I have not
yet answered the questions propounded by him.
If he will not complain, I will hear the gentle-
man *3 question.
Mr. HORTON. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri concludes that this is foreign service, I ask
him if it is not right that foreign postage should
be paid on the letters?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have this to
say. The inland postage of the United States is
fixed at three cents; but because the route to Cal-
ifornia, via Panama, passes through a foreign
country, the postage to California is fixed at ten
cents, and that is your ocean postage as well as
inland postage. Why this discrimination? A
letter may be carried by the overland mail 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ENGLISH. We have been nearly the
whole day considering this bill, and wo have not
yet got through with the first clause, and no
amendment has been adopted. 1 think we ought
to stop this debate in some way or other; and i
therefore move to strike out the enacting words
of the bill.
Mr. BUFFINTON demanded telieis.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Houtox and
Peyton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 100, noes 30.
So the enacting words of the bill were stricken
out.
Mr. BURNETT moved that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motioi^was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr, Barks-
dale icported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
ha|) the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the biH (H. R. No. 875) making
appropriations for the transportation of the Uni-
ted States mail by ocean steamers and otherwise
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1860,"and had instructed him to report the same
back to the House, with the recommendation
that the enacting clause be stiicken out.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move the pre-
vious question on striking out the enacting clause.
I suppose irwill extend only to the motion to
strike out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose,as the
bill is killed, we might as well bury it. 1 move
to lay it on the table. •
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bmgham, Blair.
Branch, Buffimon, Ezra Clark. Hoi ace F. Clark, Cobb
Colfax, Covode, Cragin, Curtis, Davis of Maryland. Davis
of Mississippi, Davis of Iowa, Dawfs, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Durlee, Elliott, Foster, Gartrel), Oilman,Gilmer. Goodwin,
Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Ilailan. Hoard, Hodges,
Hopkins, Hnrion,George VV. Jones, Keini, Kellogg, Knapp,
John C. Knnkel, Lamar, Lovi-joy, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. HJarahall, Maite>on. Mavnard. Morrill. l?-aae N.
Morris, Freeman H,Motse, Oliver A. Moise, Mott, Nichols,
Olin, Palmer, Parker, Potter, Puivianee, Jtt*ady, liobcrts,
Rovce, Savage, Scale-*, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, John
Sherman, Shorter, William Smith, Spinoei, Stallvvoith,
Stanton, Tappan,Thayer, Tompkins, Undervsond. Vance,
Wade, Cadwaiader C. Washburn. Ellihu 13. Wtishlmrne,
Watkins, Wood, and John V. Wright—81.
NAY'S—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson. Arnold. Avery,
Barksdak, Barr, Bishop, Howie, Boyce, Divan, Buinni,
Bump, Ca^kie, Chaffee, Chapman, John B Clark. Clay,
Comins, Crawford, Dimnnck, EdinnmKon, Eojihsh,Eusti^,
Faulkner, Fftrence, Giddmgs, Greenwood, Gregsj, Grover,
Hawkins, Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson. Owen Jones,
Keitt, Leidy, Letcher,"McRae, Miles, Millson, Morgan,
Murray, Niblack, Peyton, John S. Phelps, William W.
Phelps, Phillips, Reagan, Reiilv, Ritchie, gnndidge, Scott,
Soaring, Aaron Shaw, Judson W. Sherman, Singleton, Ste-
venson, Jaines A. Stewart, Talbot, Miles Taylor,Thompson,
Vallandigham, Waldron, Ward, Israel Washburn, White,
Whiteley, and Wortendyke—70.
So the bill was laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. RUFFIN stated that if he had been within
the bar when his name was called he should have
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was just now laid on the table; and move to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
SUPPLEMENTAL INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suppose the
motion cannot be acted on at present. The Sen-
ate, at this session of Congress, have ratified two
treaties, one with the Yancton Sioux or Dacotah
Indians, and the other with those known as the
Six Nations or Tonawantfa Indians, m the Siaie
of New York. Under these treaties, certain sums
of money will become due and payable to them
during the fiscal year, amounting to $383,001).
I have the treaties before me; 1 have examined
them, and reported, this morning,a bill from the
Committee of Ways and Means, which was in-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, appropriating this money, i have
made the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole, therefore, for the purpose of taking up
that bill.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I aSk the gentleman fmm
Missouii to withdraw his motion foi a moment,
to enable me to ask the consent of the fiou<e to
! take up from the Speaker's table a private hill, to
| which there will be no objection,
i Mi. PHELPS, of Missouii. If I were to ^ive
I way, the gentleman from Ohio has a claim upon
j mc first. I think, however, that it will take bur
| a few minutes to dispose of this bsli in the com
| mittee, and then we can come back into the
| House, and the gentleman can have his bill tuiiui
1 "'Mr. BARKSDALE. The bill to winch 1 huve
referred will give rise to no debate, and \ hope
the gentleman will give way and allow u lo be
i taken up.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I insist on my
motion, that the rules be suspended, and that tho
House resolve itself into the Committee of tho
Whole on th state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON. Does that motion take pre-
cedence of the "motion I made to leconsider and
lay on the table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it docs.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That motion can
be disposedvof when we come out of committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to cull the
attention of the gentleman from Missouri to
