1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take a recess until seven o 'clock.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it be in
order to move a call of the House? When we
find ourselves without a quorum, I do not'thinls
we ought to proceed to other business until a
quorum has appeared.
The SPEAKER. There was a quorum ap-
pearing upon the last vote upon the motion to
adjourn.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bcrnett to suspend the rules; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 20; as
fo^ows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Ad rain, AW, Anderson, Andrews,
Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bennett, Bingham, Blair, Bo-
eoek, Bowie, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnett,
Burns, Case, Chaffee, John B. Clark, Clawson, Clay,
Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Coinins, James
Craig, Burton Craige, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis nf
Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, I)ean,
Dick, Dimmick, Dodd, Dowdell, Faulkner, Kenton, Flor-
ence, Foley, Foster, Gilman, Gilmer,-Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbcck, Grover, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Hawkins, Hodges, Hughes, Iluyler, Keim,
Kellogg, Lamar, Leldy, McKibbin, McQ-ueen, Meltae,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Moore, Morgan,
Freeman H.Morse,Murray,Niblnck,Nichols,Parker, Fey-
ton, John S. Phelps,William W. Phelps, Potter, Purviance,
Reagan, Ritchie, Robbina, Roberts, Sandidge, Savage,
Scales, Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, Judson W. Sherman,
Shorter, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Steven-
son, James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Thompson,
Tompkins, Underwood, Vallandigham, Waldron, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Israel Washburn, Wood, and
John V. Wright—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Caskic, Cobb, Crawford, Davis of In-
diana, Durfee, Garnett, Grow, Hopkins, Houston, George
W. Jones, Letcher, Lovejoy, Matteson, Phillip*, Powell,
Ruffin, Henry M. Shaw, YVade, El" '
Zollicoffer—30.
, Elhhu B. Washburne, and
So the rules were suspended (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr, SPINNER. Is it in order to, off.ir an
amendment? I think there will be a clashing of
jurisdiction between- the corporation and the su-
perintendent. 1 should like to have the duties
and powers of each made perfectly clear.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman is mistaken.
I was very careful to prevent anything like a con-
flict between the corporate authoiiues and the
superintending engineer. I make it clear and dis-
tinct that the engineer's decision is final, except*
ing I give an appeal to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior,
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to have the words
introduced, "under the special superintendence
and direction." 9
Mr. BURNETT. Those words are in the bill
already.
Mr, SPINNER. Then I am satisfied.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly rend the third time.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Before going into committee upon the
Senate amendments to the? Army appropriation
bill, i ask the unanimous consent of the House
that general debate be closed on them in five min-
utes after their consideration shall be resumed.
Mr. GARNETT. I ask thaf, by unanimous
consent, we take a recess until this evening.
Mr. CRAWFORD. We had better go o.i with
the bill.
Mr. GARNETT. Then I object to closing
debate.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, in order that the gentleman from Georgia
may offer his resolution, to close debate on the
amendments of the Senate to the Army bill.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. Crawford's resolution, closing debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state o/ the
Union on the amendments of the Senate to the
Army bill, was then adopted.
The question recurred on the motion to go into
committee.
The Hou-se divided; and there were—ayes 94,
noes 30.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Barksdale in the chair.)
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to take up the
Senate amendments to the House bill (No. 667)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1860.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill accord-
ingly taken up for consideration.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the committee
take a recess until seven o'clock.
The CHAIRMAN. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say to the com-
mittee, in reference to the amendments to this bill,
that, although they are twenty-eight in number,
only a few of them are recommended by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means for concurrence; and
I think that, if the committee will remain in ses-
sion, we shall be able to get through with their
consideration in a short time. There is no polit-
ical question, so far as I know, involved in any
amendment to this bill.
Mr. GAIINETT. I move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of taking a recess.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask for tellers on that mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Miles and
Hawkins were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 12, noes 100; no quorum voting.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
The roll was called; and the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adram, Arnold, Barr, Hilhnghurst, Bliss, Boyce,
Bryan, Burroughs, Caruther*, (Jackie, Cavanaugh, Chap-
man, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Claik, Clemens, Corning, Co-
vode, Cox, Curry, Damrell, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi,
Duwart, Durfue, Ednmndson, Elliott, English, Euslis,Farns-
worth, Garnutl, Gartrell, Giddings, Gillis, Goode, Green-
wood, Grnesbeck, Lawrence \V. Hall, Harlan, Hanis,
Ilnskm, Hatch, Hickman, Hill, Hoard, Hodges, Ilorton,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, Owen Jones, Keim,
ICeitt, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Jacob M. Kunkcl, Law-
rence, Leach, Leiter,Maclay,McRae, Humphrey Marshall,
Ma^on, Miller, Million, Montgomery, Edward Joy Morns,
Isaac N. Morris, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Ohn, Palmer, Pen-
dleton, Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ready, Reagan,
Iticaud, Royce. Russell, Seward, John Sherman, Sickles,
Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Stallworth, Stanton, Stephens, Talbot, Tappan,
George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins, Tnppe,
Vance, Wade, Walbridge, Walton, Warren, Israel Wash-
burn, Watkms, White, Whiteley, Wilson, Winslow,
Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright, and John V.
Wright.
The committee then ros"e; and the Speaker,
bavin? resumed the chair, Mr. Barksdale re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
theUnion generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 667 making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1860, with the Senate^
amendments thereto; and, finding itself without
a quorum, had caused the roll to be called, and
had directed him to report the fact to- the House
with the names of the absentees.
A quorum, one hundred and twenty members,
having appeared, the committee again resumed
i ts session.
Mr. MORGAN. It is so evident that nothing
is to be done with -a bare quorum here, that I
think it is useless for us to remain and punish
ourselves while everybody else is away. I hope
that the motion that the committee rise will be
agreed to.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BONHAM. I ask the consent of the com-
mittee to take a recess till seven o'clock.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
First amendment of the Senate:
Page 2, line ten, strike out the word "seventy," and in-
sert "sixty-nine;" so that the clause, as amended, will
read as follows:
Tor subsistence in kind, $I,969/>10,
Mr. CRAWFORD. This amendment is sim-
ply for the purpose of correcting an error made
by the clerk in engrossing the bill. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend a con-
currence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 5#,line five, strike out as follows:
" Portion of the money hereby appropriated shall be ap-
plied to the construction of permanent barracks and quar-
ters until plans, with fall specifications and detailed esti-
mate?, shall be submitted to Congress, and the same shall
be;"
And insert the following in heu thereof:
" Permanent barracks and quarters shall hereafter be con-
structed, unless detailed estimates shall havfe been pre-
viously submitted to Congress, and shall have been,"
So that the clause of the bill, as amended, shall read:
For constructing barracks and other buildings at posts
which it may be necessary to occupy during the year, and
for repairing, altering, and enlarging buildings at the estab -
lished posts, including hire or commutation of quarters for
officers on military duty, hire of quarters for troops, of
storehouses for the safe-keeping of military stores, and of
grounds for summer cantonments, and for temporary fron-
tier stations, $300,000 • Provided, That no permanent bar-
racks and quarters shall hereafter be constructed, unless
detailed estimates shall have been previously submitted to
Congress, and shall have been approved by a special ap-
propriation for the same.
Mr. CJULWFORD. The Committee of Ways
and MeoW recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in. /
Third amendment:
Strike out the following proviso:
" Provided, further, That any officer of the Army who,
as a disbursing agent, shall hereafter undertake to engage
the public crudit in advance of an appropriation made by
Congress, shall, upon conviction before a court-martial, be
dismissed from the service, unless he shall exhibit, as hts
justification, an order in writing to make such disbursement
from his superior officer, approved by the President of the
United States."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
After the words " For armament of fortifications," strike
opt "$150,000," and insert in lieu thereof the following:
Including experiments on heavy ordnance for that pur-
pose, $000,060.
The Committee of JVays and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. RITCHIE. I have a word to say in ref-
erence to this amendment. I think the Committee
ofWaysand Meanswerenotaware ofthe circum-
stances when they made this recommendation.
The additional $50,000 inserted by the Senate, is
for the purpose of continuing experiments on the
power of metuls, used for casting cannon, to resist
explosions. I know that it is regarded of the last
'importance by the first scientific authorities of
this and other countries to ascertain data by what
this power may be determined. A gun may bear
the first discharge, and may, at the next discharge,
burst. The idea has existed that the power of
iron to resist explosion, may be tested oy piling
weight upon it longitudinally; but it has been
found by actual experiment that that is no test
whatever, and that the power of iron to resist
pressure in a straight line, is no test of its power
to rosistexplosive forces. Experiments are being
made to test the power of different kinds of iron
to resist explosive forces; and I have been told by
leading men of the Army that there are hardly
twenty guns in the service that a man can feel
perfectly safe in standing beside when being fired
off. These experiments are being conducted by
men who are thoroughly conversant with the
whole subject; and in the course of a year or two,
some result will be arrived at that may save to
the Government every year thousands of dollars
that would be otherwise thrown away in worth-
less guns. The experimentors are rapidly coming
to a point where they can tell exactly the qualities
of the metals; so as to avoid future loss by cast-
ing bad guns. I hope the committee will concur
in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The Committee of Ways
and Means have no objection whatever to exper-
iments being made on heavy ordnance; but they
think that §150,000 is, at this particular time, a
suffieient sum to be appropriated to that purpose.
Mr. RITCHIE. Yes; but this $150,000 is not
considered by the War Department as being at
its disposal for that purpose.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the Senate had simply
added the words, " including experiments on
