460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair doubts whether
the point is well taken.
Mr. GARNETT. I then move to add words
to the end of that paragraph.
Mr. BURNETT. With all deference to the
gentleman from Missouri, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, 1 hold that his
point is not well taken. I do not understand,
under the rules of this House, that when a mo-
tion to strike out an entire section has been nega-
tived, it is then out of order to move to amend
that section in reference to any particular item,
or to strike out any particular provision. *
Mr. GARNETT. I learn from a friend who
is at my side, that it was ruled the other day, in
opposition to the point of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Missouri.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair dccides the
point of ordfr-i not well taken, and overrules it.
Mr. GARNETT. Then 1 move to strike out
the woul " Rome" in the eleventh line.
Mr. LEITER. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 do not yield unless the
gentleman takes an appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order has
been decided. Dues the gentleman take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. LElTEIl. I do; and I desire to say a word
on it. 1 hold that it is in order to perfect a par-
agraph even after the motion to strike out the
entire* paragraph.
Mr. REAGAN. Then the Chair has decided
as the gentleman desires.
Mr. LEITER. Then I yield. I thought the
Chair had decided the point of order against the
gentleman fiom Virginia.
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out the woid "Itomc." 1 \oted against
the motion to strike out die whole clause, tor the
reason that I was not piepared to go for so radical
a reform as to discountenance all foreign missions.
For my own part, I think that some of them are
necessary and proper. I think that there are others,
however, which, like the Persian mission just
stricken out, are neither more nor less than jobs;
neither more nor less than pleasant places to be
disposed of by the Administration which may
happen to be in power to its friends and admirers.
Among them is this mission to Rome, which was
created for the fust tune some yems ago, when
we had plenty of money in the Treasury, and
when it was desired to make some pleasant place,
for a suppoiter of the Administration which hap-
pened then to be in power.
. WJ  at, Mr. Chan man, are tiie commercial rela-
tions of the United States with Rome? Exports,
none. Imports for the last year, $2,500. Your
minister tin-re has a salary, 1 believe, of some
eight thousand dollars.
Air. PflELL'S, of Alissouii. It in ^7,500.
Air. GARNETT. And incidental expenses
will run it up to nine or ten thousand dollars
It would be a profitable opeiation for us to turn
over the whole of this commerce to that minister,
and to tell him to take it all for Ins salary. We
would make money by that operation. The year
before, the impoit commerce was larger. I want
to be fair about this. The year before the revul-
sion, the imports amounted to $55,000; and what
was it made up of? Essential oils, $19,000. They
wore lor perfumei y, I suppose. Rags, $15,000.
And, sir, we .u e, fwi M>oth, to keep a minister there
6© attend to such matters. The empire of Great
Uniai^i, with ono or two inlands inhabited by
Catholics, lnuintnm no ministers there, and she
gets <jn well. France and England da not keep
missions at Naples, a greater commercial place by
far than Rome to this country. They have done
without ministers there for years past. Have
their interests suffered? I admit that they did not
discontinue ministers there because they did not
want them, but that they discontinued them be-
cause they disapproved the system of govern-
ment prevailing there. Yet, sir, a delicate and
difficult matter, the Caghari affair, was success-
fully settled with Naples on the part of Great
Britain, with nobody to act for the latter but a
consul; the consul who has since been sent to the
city of Richmond, in Virginia. I say that this
mission to Rome has no purpose, no use, except
to afiord patronage to the Administration. I say
that the salary paid to the minister there, includ-
ing incidental expenses, is more than the com-
merce with Rome is worth to us in profits; more,
indeed, than the whole amouhtof commerce, pro-
fits and all, during the last year. Therefore, I
ask the committee, if it is really in favor of re-
ducing the expenditures, to do away with that
mission.
[ Air. BURNETT. I propose to move an amend*
! ment to the amendment by striking out all except
j Great Britain, France, Russia, Spain, and Mex- I
j ico.
| Mr. GARNETT. I see that the gentleman
| and myself agree in the main; and I suggest to
' him the expediency of taking separate votes on-
| each mission it is proposed to do away with;
that we strike them out in the detail, instead of
I in the aggregate. *
i Mr. BURNETT. Then I withdrawmy amend-
ment for the present.
1 Air. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not design
; detaining the committee with any lengthened re-
marks in reply to the gentleman from Virginia,
lie certainly misapprehends the duties of an em-
' bassador. If it be his duty only to attend to
' commercial affairs, then consuls and commercial
: agents will do as well. I merely make this ex-
planation, arid oppose the amendment.
i The question was taken; and the amendment
! was agreed to.
! Mr. CURRY. I move to strike out Switzer-
: land.
I The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Air. BARKSDALE. I move to increase the
■ amount of the aggregate appropriation $1,000.
i Air. Chairman, I am as much in favor of an
j economical administration of the federal Gov-
: ernment as any gentleman on this floor. There
are a great many abuses in the administration of
b the Government which can be and ought to bo
I reformed. And, sir, I am glad to observe the
ji spirit of economy which seems to animate the
|l other side of this House. I admit from the de-
:! ciarations we have henrd to-day, that they have
jj commenced a reformation of some of the abuses
|j which they have countenanced; abuses which
they have aided in fastening upon the country.
il Whatextravagant appropriation has been made,
|| sir, which did not receive the sanction and the
'{ support of the other side of this House?
Mr. STANTON. "What one can the gentle-
man name ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. The river and harbor
appropriations.
Mr. COLFAX. We have had no such bill for
years.
Mr. BARKSDALE. There is the French spo-
liation bill, which was supported, when it passed,
by the otlwr side of the House.
But, sir, in my estimation, they have not com-
menced to reform in the right place, or in the right
way. I believe that ministers ought to be ap-
pointed to foreign courts; and why ? Because,
sir, we should have airents to watch the political
movements of foreign Governments, and to ascer-
tain how our interests are affected by those move-
ments. We should have agents, duly commis-
sioned by this Government, to foreign nations,
to shield and project the rights of our citizens.
This practice has been observed since the found-
ation of the Goveinment, and has been sanctioned
by our wisest wute.-unon. Treaties of amity and
commerce have been made by our foreign minis-
ters, which have ledounded to the best interests
of our people. Why, sir, a treaty has recently
been made with China, which will vastly extend
our commetce with that Empire. What estimate
can be made of the benefits to accrue from that
treaty ?
Mr. CURTIS. Let me ask the honorable gen-
tleman whether that was made by a consul, or a
minister?
Air. BARKSDALE. It was made by a com-
missioner acting as a minister: a commissioner
discharging the functions and having the lank of -
minister, and not by a consul. ,
Air. CURTIS. I thought the gentleman referred |
to Japan. The treaty with that empire, lately 1
made, was made by a consul. j
[Here the hammer fell.J !
Air. 1ST ANTON. Air. Chairman, lam obliged j
to the gentleman from Mississippi for his speech. !
I trust that gentlemen upon this side of the House
;will appreciate it, and learn something from it.
They will now see what obligations the other
side feel themselves under, when this side have
helped to pass appropriation bills for them. It
may sometimes happen that gentlemen upon the
other side of the House are a little short, and hard
pressed for votes to pass the ordinary appropria-
tion bills. It has occasionally happened that gen-
tlemen upon this side have given them the neces-
sary votes. They now see how that obligation
has been recognized. They see how they are
treated for those acts of courtesy. I hope they
will take a lesson from it.
Mr. FLORENCE. They only have assisted
to pass ordinary and necessary legislation. They
were acts of justice, as well as of courtesy.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, who is after charging on this side of the
House that they had voted for extravagantappro-
priations, has failed to put his finger on one par-
ticular. He pointed out two measures which nave
not passed at all. But out of this §80,000,000 of
Government expenditure last year, he has not laid
his finger on one extravagant appropriation that
this side of the House has voted for.
Mr. BARKSDALE, Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio to admit that, as an act of cour-
tesy, he has voted for extravagant and unneces-
sary appropriations ?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; I have not done so.
Air. BARKSDALE. That was the statement.
Mr. STANTON. I have voted against all of
them. I said that some gentlemen on this side of
the House had voted for appropriations. I did not.
Several Members, .(on the Republican side of
the House.) Not for extravagant appropriations.
Mr. STANTON. Not for extravagant, but-for
some appropriations. I did not intend to be in-
cluded m that category which the gentleman al-
luded to, and which I alluded to. I have not voted
for any of the appropriations as a general rule. I
have gone on the idea that you were responsible
for the expenditures of the Government, and that
you should vote the appropriations. If you did
not choose to do it, the Administration, for my
part, should do without them.
Air. BARKSDALE, Is not the gentleman a
part of the law-making power?
Air. STANTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BARKSDALE. And of the power that
appropriates for the expenses of the Govern-
ment ?
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BARKSDALE. And is it not his duty to
assume Ins full share of the responsibility?
Mr. STANTON. Grant all that, sir. When-
ever you place me in the condition to control the
expendituies of the House; whenever you place
mc, and those with whom I act, on committees,
and give us pajorities, and enable us to control
the legislation of the House; then I am ready to
assume my full share of responsibility. But I do
not choose to make myself a scape-goat by vot-
ing for appropriations for which I may be after-
wards arraigned.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, that I regard the principle just
announced by him, as an improper principle to
govern his action and mine. I think that in leg-
islating on appropriation bills, as well as on all
other matters, those who have notions of economy
corresponding with others; those who think the
Government expenditures too large; those who
believe the appropriations wrong, ought, from
this side and from that side, and fronrall sides,
vote conscientiously, and defeat such appropria-
tions. The responsibility rests on Congress and
on the Administration together.
Mr. STANTON* This Republican Govern-
ment of ours can only be carricd on through the
instrumentality of parties; and the people hold
the party in power responsible, and justly so, for
the expenditures of the Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is this debate germane to
the question before the committee?
Mr. STANTON. Perfectly.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Air. STANTON. I have the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the withdrawal of
the amendment. I w/int to say a word upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon it is ex-
hausted.
