1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. '
4 wf? -
Mr. FLORENCE. Wei!, let us vote on it.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. CRAWFORD. T desire, Mr. Chairman,
to move to strike oat the whole of this section,
from the eighth line down to the seventeenth, and
I do so for the reason  «
Mr. BTJRNETT. I rise to a question of order.
That motion has been already made and disposed
of.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I take issue with the gen-
tleman-from Kentucky, and state to him, that
since that motion was made, the words " Rome,'*
and "Switzerland," have been stricken out of
the section.
I make this motion, Mr. Chairman, for the rea-
son that I want to get through, if possible, with
this section. Four hours would not be sufficient
time in which to discuss all those various ques-
tions arising out of it m regard to our foreign
ministers; and if we continue this discussion to-
day, we will not get through this bill for perhaps
the next ten days. In the House every gentle-
man can haveVm opportunity of recording his
vote upon the propriety of maintaining any par-
ticular mission, or striking out any particular part
of the bill. In regard to this, I am perfectly will-
ing that responsibility should rest upon gentle-
men. The law of 1856, fixes the salaries of these
various diplomatic offices, and they are-all filled.
The only question for this House to determine
is, whether they shall make or withhold appro-
priations for their payment. So far as I am con-
cerned, lam perfectly willing to vote for the repeal
of the law of 1856. Let my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Burnett,J my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Garnet.t,] my friend from Ohio, [Mr Stanton,]
or let members fiom any side of the House come
up and move to repeal the act of 1856, and I will
go with them. Bat I do not desire that the prop-
osition should be made here, or that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means should be charged
with recommending extravagant expenditures,
which they have no power to control. What
power over the question has that committee
got? It appears to me that these gentlemen are
commencing at the wrong end of the line. Let
them begin with the repeal of the law under which
these appropriations arc made, find I will go with
them. Have we power to control the President
in making these appointments? We have riot;
and eveiy well-informed gentleman will admit
that when the appointments are made the salaries
must be paid. The only question , therefore, is,
whether we shall appropriate the money now, or
appropriate it hereafter. The appointments are
not made in virtue of any power that wc possess.
No man on this floor is more desirous than my-
self of retrenching the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, and 1 am leady to vote for the repeal of
the law authorizing the appointment of ministers
to any Court where they are not absolutely re-
quired. Let the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Garnett] introduce his proposition to that end,
and 1 will support it.
Mr. BURNETT. I apprehend, Mr. Chair-
man, that I have a light to perfect this section of
the bill before the gentleman's proposition to
strike out the whole clause is put. That is par-
liamentary. I move to strike out of this clause
the ministers to all the Courts except Great Brit-
ain, France, Russia, Spam, Mexico, China, and
Paraguay, and to reduce the amount to $100,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky proposes to make a motion of his own. I
desire to say a word in reply to the gentleman
from GeoiTia, [Mr. Crawford ]. Have I not a
right to debate the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia ?
Mr. BURNETT. I will only occupy the floor
for a moment or two, and will then yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. HOUSTON. When the gentleman shall
have debated his amendment, it will not be in
order to reply to the gentleman from Georgia.
That is th" only reason why I ask the floor now.
Mr. BURNETT. I want the Chair to decide
whether I am entitled to the floor.''
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman isentitled
to the .floor. The Chair thought he had yielded
to the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. BURNETT. No, 1 did not.
We hear a good deal said here, Mr. Chairman,
onthesubjectofeconomy and retrenchment. The
gentleman from Georgia has seen proper, before
I had said one word on this bill, to appeal to the
gentleman from Kentucky and thegentleman from
Virginia to pursue a certain line of policy. Now,
I say to the gentleman from Georgia, that the
power to appoint a minister is claimed to be a
constitutional power that is vested in the Presi-
dent, and which he can exercise at any time that
he thinks proper.
Not unless the mission is
Mr. SEWARD,
established by law.
Mr. BURNETT,
can.
Mr. SEWARD.
Mr. J3URNETT.
Yes, sir; it is claimed he
1 dissent from that.
The only means that Con-
gress possesses of reaching the abuse of this
power, is by refusing to vote the money. Let us
refuse to vote the money to pay those men who
are sent abroad to Courts where we do not need
ministers; and how can we do it, except when the
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill is be-
fore us? I ask thegentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Crawford,] when he talks to me about the act*
of 1856, whether there is anything in that act
binding this House to appropriate money for mis-
sions that are unnecessaiy ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer?
Mr. BURNETT. Ino, sir; tho gentleman de-
clined to yield to me when he had the floor. I
know, sir, that the power to appoint ministers has
been claimed, under the naked constitutional pow-
er, by various Presidents, and has been exercised
by them in the appointment of ministers, m the
absence of law. 1 do not pretend to say that this
is a correct constitutional position, but 1 say that
the power having been exercised, the only way
in which we can correct the evil is by refusing to
vote money for missions which are useless and
unnecessary. Sir, I have no charge to make
against the Committee of Ways and Means, but
1 say that unless the Committee of Ways and
Means, and the Executive Departments of the
Government cooperate in good faith with those who
are really in favor of economy, and of correcting'
the abuses of this Government, nothing practical
can be done in the way of reform. This House
can do nothing without the aid and cooperation
of the Executive Departments and of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. The gentlemen of the
committee may talk about members opposing their
bills in a factious spirit. I, sir, only act upon
the convictions of my own judgment, as to whether
expenditures are necessary or not.
And why do I make this motion? Because the
missions thatl propose to strike out, arc unneces-
sary. As was well remarked by thegentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Scales,] and also by the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Curry,] we do
not need these missions. They are not demanded
by tho interests of our Government, and if we in-
tend to economize at all, let us adopt the suggestion
of an enemy upon the other side of the House, and
show our faith by our works.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHILLIPS obtained the floor.
Mr. CRAWFORD. With the permission of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I wduld like
to read two lines to the gentleman from Kentucky
who has just taken his seat.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman must excuse
me. I must decline to yield for that purpose. Mr.
Chairman, if there were no other way of attain-
ing the obiect which the gentleman from Ken-
tucky has in view, 1 might support him in the
motion lie now makes; but there is another mode
of attaining the same end. 4_.et him withdraw his
amendment at this time, and move m the House
to repeal the law which provides for the payment
of these salaries. Let gentlemen leflcct lor a mo-
ment that they owe a duty to the country as well
as to their party. Whenever an appropriation bill
comes before the House a lecture is delivered from
the other side of the Hall.
Mr, BURNETT. 1 would ask the gentleman,
if we cannot as easily effect the object I have in
view by refusing to "appropriate the money for
these salaries as by repealing the act of 1856?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I answer, no; and if we could
effect it, we would effect it in the wrong way.
The Constitution of the United States gives the
President power to appoint embassadors, and
there is no law which regulates that power. An
act was passed in 1856 to regulate the compensa-
tion of those embassadors, and while the gentle-
man cannot take away from the President the
power of appointing them, he can, by amending
the law of 1856, put the salaries at a mere nom-
inal amount—an amount so low that the appoint-
ments will not be sought after for the purpose
which he has mentioned.
But, sir, I do protest against this mode of legis-
lation. The rules of the House require that the
Committee of Ways and Means shall report ap- -
propriations for expenditures under existing laws.
They caenot legislate; they dare not disregard the
law. The f&ntleman asks me if he will not effect
his purpose by the motion he has made. 1 tell him,
no; and his own reflection will satisfy him that he
could not do it in a satisfactory manner. Where
would his amendment leave the matter? The
President has the power to appoint these minis-
ters; we cannot restrict that power. The law of
1856 remains on the statute-book providing what
salaries the officers thus appointed*shall receive.
Would not the amount fixed by that law be due
to the officers appointed by the President? And
would the gentleman dare, when he comes here
another year, to withhold from these officers the
salaries that would be due to them under that
lav/ ? There is time enough to effect this reform.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question. Does the law to which he
refers, fixing the salaries, require the President,
contrary to his own judgment, to send a minister
to any court? If we make these appropriations,
is it not .jf ill in the discretion of the President and
of the Senate when, and to which one of these
courts, they will send ministers?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I have already said that the
discretion rests with the Piesident. If the Pres-
ident does not think it necessary, he will not ex-
pend the money for these salaries. But I say that
the defeat of these appropriations will not repeal
the law of 1856. Let the gentleman from Ken-
tucky introduce a bill to repeal that law, or modify
it. Let him give notice of such a bill now. Let
him put upon the statute-book a permanent law
reducing the salaries of these ministers, and then
these appropriations will not hereafter be made.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether, if the law of 1856 were repealed,
and the President were to appoint a minister, it
would not be obligatory upon us to pay him a
reasonable compensation ?
Mr. PHILLIPS 1 have already said that you
may fix the compensation at a mere nominal sum.
The power is in your own hands; but exercise it
in the right way. For one, I should be ashamed
to legislate in this way, if there was any other
mode by which the same object could be accom-
plished. And no gentleman will rise in his place
and tell me that the object sought by the gentle-
man from Kentucky cannot be reached in the
mode I have pointed out.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to ask thegentleman
from Pennsylvania, if he intends to assert the
principle assumed by-the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, that because the Constitution confers this
'power on the President, it authorizes him to act
under that power without reference to any legis-
lation of Congress?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I mean to say that the pow-
ers of Congress are restricted by the Constitu-
tion .
Mr. REAGAN. I am sorry to hear a Demo-
crat say that.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then the gentleman had
better learn a different style of Democracy. 4
say Congress, so far as they can 
Mr. REAGAN. 1 do not refer to Congress,
but to the President.
j; Mr. PHILLIPS. Allow me to say 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DOVYDELL. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
ij to the amendment already pending, and no fur-
!; ther amendment is in order.
J Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
H Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would remind
ij the committee that provision has been made for
i! holding evening sessions for general debate, if it
be desired by a majority of the committee. I
hope that by unanimous consent this bill will be
laid aside for the present, and another bill will be
taken up. The committee can then take a recess
until seven o'clock. If gentlemen desire to make
