462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
speeches upofi subjects other than the bill now
before us, I hope the opportunity will be afforded
them.
Mr. FARNSWORTHL I insist on my mo-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Stevenson reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
a bill (H. R. No. 6G6) making appftpriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1860,
and had come to no lesolution thereon.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of takmg~up the Presi-
dent's annual message. The committee can then
take a recess, and meet to-night for discussion.
In making this motion, I do not intend to dis-
place the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill. It will come up again to-morrow; but if we
go into committee now, the President's message
will be under consideration to-night.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I desiie to know if there are
any gentlemen who desire to speak to-night ?
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr.PHELPS,ofMissouri. I now insiston my
motion that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve 11st If into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agieed to.
So the rules were suspended: and the House
resolved itself mto the Committee of the Whole on
the siiue of the Union, (Air. Su:vkn&on in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the con-
sular and diplomatic bill.
pkesident's message.
On motion of Air. PHELPS, of Missouri, by
unanimous consent, the bill was laid aside in-
formally, and the Pic&ident's annual message
taken up for discussion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor, but yielded to
Mr i IOWA III), who moved that the commit-
tee take a lecess until seven o'clock, p. m.
The motion was agieed to; and thereupon the
Committee look a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
evening session.
The committee losumed its session at seven
o'clock, p. in., (Mr. 1>aukrpai.k in the chair.)
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kent nek y. M r. Chair-
man, when the member fioni Maine, who sits on
my light, [A1r. Wasiim'kn,] finished his speech,
n few days since, unuii the mission and duty of
the Republican party, I tried to obtain the floor
to improvise a reply to it. Ruling m that effort,
I have wmted the publication of the speech, and
have given it an attentive perusal. It is a rep)e-
strtlalwe specch. It assumes a tone of suggestive
advice, which denotes at once the solicitude of
the councilor and the reserved authority of the
commander. Replete with promises of towards to
the faithful ami of penalties to the disobedient,
the very style of that speech asserts the preroga-
tive of leadership and discards the equality of
fellowship it was written out m advance of its
delivery, mid was merely read here?>ro forma. It
was meant lor the country. It was pronounced
wuii a dehbcratcness and precision of emphasis
winch made its general tone authoritative; indeed,
the member spoke cx cathedra. His frequent use
of tne terms "oligarchy " and "oligarchic" vserved
a different purpose than merely to string together
unusual wmds; they pointed out the connection
of this spci ch wit h one delivered at Auburn, some-
what more than a year since, by a distinguished
leader of the Republican party, who represents the
State of New York in the other wing of the Capitol.
Both are minerals from the same mine; particles
of the same system; music from two instruments,
but composed by the same master; emanations
from one intellect, only diversified in the effect-
iveness of the production, by being published
through different channels.
Though the principle enunciated has been ex-
pressed heretofore,its repetition nowby the mem-
ber from Maine, serves to prove that his speech
is a representative speech, duly studied and pre-
pared; and that it was intended as the bugle note
from certain leaders of the Republican pat ty, sum-
moning the people of the free States to another
sectional effort in the next presidential election,
to be made under ths auspices of extremists who
essay to lead and control the Republican organi-
zation, and to convert it to their own uses. I
make no doubt, from this beginning, that we shall
hereafter be entertained with new editions of the
Rochester speech from the same distinguished
author, reading us the second lesson, which treats
of homogeneousness of matarial as a necessity to
the vitality of systems and States. Under this
view it may be as well to reply at .once to the
whole theory of the Senator from New York, and
i to embrace m one speech all 1 have to say about j
the policy of maintaining a political organization j
upon thej^ases proposed by him, and offered here j
to public discussion by the members from Maine I
and Ohio. I confess that I am not discontent that j
the occasion has been presented for a public do- I
bate, m which the schools of American politics .
may be classified and arranged intelligently for !
popular examination; and the lines which divide i
them may be clearly defined, so that men, who 1
have principles, may sec the policies which are ;
suggested and the courses which aie to be pur- j
sued. They may thus, at last, leurn to stand bv j
their principles, and come up to a patriotic dis- I
charge of their duty. i
I shall offer no apology for any want of polish j
that may appear in the preparation of my re- 1
marks upon this occasion. I shall not study j
antitheses, weigh phrases, or call poetry to adorn ,
the presentation of my views. 1 want to ira<'h
the hccutsof my countrymen; and i know the |
easiest way to my object, is to speak with the ;
simplicity of truth and the directness of canilor. j
My only aim is to bring their minds to the earn- '
est contemplation of the futui'e which awaits the i
country, and to urge them to avoid the calami- ,
ties to which we shall be subjected if they lend j
willing ears to unwise couneilois, who fail to i
present and do not promise to puisueany scheme i
of practical statesmanship. |
I shall address myself in the fiist place to the i
people of the free States. I am not of the class |
the gentleman from Alaine calls "the slavery!
propaganda!" I am a citizen of a slave-holding j
State, was born and reared where the institution j
of shivery exists, ami I have noted w. 11 the work- l
ings of the system upon the social and mdusUial !
habits of the people among whom 1 live. 1 am ;
not exercised about the extension of slavery. 1 .
would not legislate affirmatively to compel its j
extension, any more than I won hi to prohibit it by
legal enactments. I am one of those who behove j
that more harm than good has been done by ngua- '
tions upon this subject, and that the centmunneoof ^
such agitation, both North and South, ran produce i
no other effect than to alienate from each other ,
people who should be united, and to jeopardize j
institutions which secure to the people of this |
country a larger share of liberty, political equal- |
ity, and freedom in the pursuit of happiness, than j
has been granted to any other community. 1 i
would not reopen rite blave trade with Africa; on j
the contrary, i should oppose that proposition j
with whatever influence and talent I possess; and ,
1 there does not live m 1 he free States a citizen when 1
i would discountenance infractions of the policy i
. which forbids that trade sooner than I would, or ;
1 press the sanctions of legal penalties for a viola- ,
1 tion of the laws upon that subject further than I ,
would. |
j It were useless to discuss the oft-mooted qu^s- J
' tion whether slavery is an evil. My observation
i of its effects upon society lias biought my mind
1 to the conclusion that benefits spi nig from it, and
; some evils follow in its train. Put this specuia-
, tivo theorem has nothing in it of t he practical.with
1 which the American statesman, in my opinion,
■ can deal. There should be some limit to agitation
j which disturbs society, by constantly seeking a
disarrangement of the basis on which it rests,
j The people of the free States, when once con-
! voiced that no practical benefit can flow from the
i efforts of men, who, professing philanthropy, in
| fact seek political power, and the gratification
: of personal ambition through the instrumentality ij
I of such agitation, will surely withdraw from this !i
class their countenance—at least so far 8s to di-
rect them to some other means of becoming famous
than at the expense of the peace and harmony-of
the Government under which we have lived and
prospered together for nearly a century. With
this in^'oduction I enter upon the argument.
The following propositions characterize the
speeches to which 1 am replying, to wit:
1. The great problem to be solved under our
system is, whether our Government shall be a
confederacy of republics, or of oligarchies—of
demociacies, or of aristocracics.
2. Whether the States shall advance under the
bounding spirit of freedom, or languish under the
blighting influences of slavery.
3. Whether we shall reduce the Declaration of
Independence to a practical governmental truth,
or leave it to fill a niche in the temple of political
philosophy merely.
1 ask my countrymen to examine for them-
selves how the decision of either or of all these
theoiems is to be attained in practice, and, if at-
tained, how can they affect their country in us
career? When gentlemen characterize the slave-
holding States as oligdichies rather than as re-
publics or demoi rac ics, this epithet is applied
with intent to obtain a leverage in the minus of
the laboring masses of the free States by produc-
ing there discontent; and through that discontent
eithei to uige those masses to interfere with "these
oligarchical msuurions" of the slaveholding
States, despite constitutional obligations, or to as-
sume an exclusive control over the destinies of
embryo States that may become hereafter mem-
bers of the Union. The fn&t of the*e objects po-
liticians emphatically deny. They sav, on the
contraiy, they would protect the tight of the master
in the Stales where ^btcott obtains. As to the sec-
ond, they admit that, being opposed to the ex-
tension of slavery in the Temtones, they feel
that everything in the power of the people of the
fice States should be done to pievent that exten-
sion.
I know the people of the free States do not like
the system of slavery; 1 know they are opposed
to an extension of slavery. I neither seek to
change their opinion, nor to prevent its free ex-
pression. But just at this point, let me ask, have
the people of the free States the power % through
concessional action, to prevent the extension of
slavery to the Territories? This question is one,
not of necrophilism, but of constitutional right
! and political expediency. It is not to be fairly
decided by mere impulse of feeling, but its de-
| cision rests on the constitutional sanctions under
which we live, and upon which the States and
people of this couutiy have established their po-
: htical ldations to each other. U is not a question
of ethics or philanthropy; but one of political
rights and power only. Now, I ask rtfyvountry-
j men of the free St ttes if this question has not
been heaid and decided often enough to be con-
sidered settled? it was decided in 1850, by the
. legislation of that date, after a struggle of three
years. It was decided in 18.V2, by the Whig and
1 Democratic parties voluntarily adopting, in na-
tional conventions, lesohuions to siand by the
princijdes ot the eomjmnni.ie of 1850. Southern
men seem to have thought they were again deciding
this question when they voted for the Kansas-
Nebraska act in 1854. Northern men who voted
for that act were willing to regard it as a judicial
question. Plow far the light to carry a slave into
a Territory extends, has been since judicially de-
cided by the highest constitutional tribunal we
have.
We are told that the Dred Scott case has been
misinterpreted ; that this point was not before the
court; what the " slaveholding judges" said was
mere obiter dicta; and finally, that the political
power of Congress cannot be controlled by a coor-
dinate department of the Government. But these
exceptions to the decision will not avail. The Su-
preme Court is a constitutional tribunal, to last as '
longa^the Governmentof the United States; and
it has pronounced Us opinion on the point in ques-
tion, not only unmistakably as a court, but with
such force in the separate opinions of its mem-
bers, both fiom free and slave States, that thcro
is no longer any doubt of the views of the tri-
bunal. It is the supreme law until that decision
shall be reversed.
The American party placed its dictum also on
record through its national council against the
