1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,.
1545
month of it, there was a conflict between the
Governor of Massachusetts and the United States
authorities, and-that is the foundation of the prej-
udice against this claim that has been alluded to
by my colleague. This was in 1812, at the com-
mencement of the war. But not one dollar of
this claim grows out of that'conflict, or arose at
that time. This claim accrued in 1814, two years
after that conflict, and when all the militia of
Massachusetts were at the service of the General
Government.
Mr. BRANCH. The only further remark I
wish to make about it is this: that some year or
two ago, qii the adoption of some new method of
calculating interest—new, as applied to the oper-
ations of the Government—we allowed to the.
State of Maryland, a sum of money, perhaps not
large; and now, as based on that precedent, we
find attached to this bill a claim on the Govern-
ment in behalf of several other States, amounting
to $1,600,0011.
Mr. BIJFFINTON. That does not apply to
Massachusetts.
Mr. BRANCH. But I should like to know,
■whether, if we allow this claim to Massachusetts,
we do not constitute a precedent on which we will
be called upon to allow other claims, much larger
and perhaps not so just?
Mr. GROESBECK. I wish to ascertain whether
this is a balance, or the whole of the claim ?
Mr. BUPFINTON. It is a balance.
Mr. LETCHER. I looked into this matter
with some little care, and I am entirely satisfied
that this money is justly duo to the State of Mas-
sachusetts, and so reported to the Committee of
Ways and Means this morning. Some years ago
a portion of the claim, amounting to $440,000, was
voted by Congress to the State of Massachusetts
in part satisfaction of this demand.
Mr. HOUSTON. When was that?
Mr. LETCHER.. Some years ago.
Mr. BUFF1NTON. In 1836.'
Mr. LETCHER. At that time, and when the
money was about being paid, it was ascertained
that ^11,000 was found charged on the 'books
against Massachusetts, which sum was deducted,
and the balance, $429,000, paid over to her. Sub-
sequently, by act of Congress, the matter was re-
feried to Mr. Poinsett, the Secretary of War, to
ascertain the precise amount due to the State of
Massachusetts. It was ascertained, on his re-
port, that this sum of $237,000 was still due and
owing to the State of Massachusetts. Why it
has not been paid, I do not know; but I am per-
fectly satisfied that the money is justly due, and
ought to be paid, and that it is rather discredit-
able to the Government that it never has been
paid. There is nothing of interest in it, about
which gentlemen seem to be so much concerned.
As 1 understand it, there is no interest embraced
in the claim at all, as reported heie, or as in the
amoaiiUuvnided 1 believe the sum to be justly
due. I voted for it m the committee, and shall
vote for it hiTe.
iVIr. BRANCH withdrew his amendment.
Mr. DOWDELL. I offer the following amend-
ment.
Sfeo. 4 *3nil he it further enacted, That the sum of
,$-113,600 be. and lite ssmo h heieby, appropnatod out of
n:iv mone\ in the TreaMiiy not othei wiae appiopriated, for
the; p.ivmont of ihe Fiouda volunteers, called into service
In General Ilmney awl Colonel Loomi-. under ftuthoiny of
l!i<: rr 'Md"!)t of the United States, in lt&T-otf, which ^hall
bo in lull &au-f.icuo!i ami piyment tor the services, of said
volunteer, dui itm; I lie yeai-* aioie^.ud.
Mr. RITCIIIE. T rise to a point of order.
Tli jt amendment has nothing whatever to do with
the Sen/ile amendment.
The CI-IAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to he out of order,
Mr. HOUSTON. It is as much in order as the
other.
Mr. HAWKINS. I would like to be heard on
the subject
Tin* CHAIRMAN. There is a joint resolution,
passed bv both Houses, authorizing the payment
of this oimr item.
Mr HOUSTON. If so, it seems strange that
it would be put in as an amendment to this bill.
1 do not understand that there is any law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Senate amendment
Srfeis to the joint icsolution approved May 14,
'm!'. HOUSTON. That shows that the Chair
misapprehends the reading of this amendment.
It is byway of recital, at best, and refers to a
joint resolution by which the Secretary of War
was authorized to receive evidence in the case.
It does not say the claim is just against the Gov-
ernment. It does not recognize the claim to be
just. It simply, as I understand it, authorizes
the Secretary of War to receive evidence of the
justice of the claim. This claim, in regard to the
Florida volunteers, is as much recognized by law
as that
Mr. HA WKINS. It is said, Mr. Chairman,
that there is no law to authorise this appropria-
tion. I will-state to the Chair that there is a law,
the law of 1795, authorizing the President of the
United States to make a requisition on the Gov-
ernor of any of the States in case of invasion,
cither from abroad or from any Indian tribe. So
far as the power of the President of the United
States is concerned, it is a power given to him by
the Constitution, and carried out by the law of
1795; and the Supreme Court of the United States
has held that the President is to be the sole and
only judge of the exigency for making such re-
quisition. I have the decision before me. This
was done in the case of these Florida troops; and
I will submit to the committee a letter to show
the facts j
War Department, Washington, May 23, 1857.
Sm: The President of the United States requests tliat,
to aid in suppressing Indian hostilities within Florida, you
cause to he detached, without delay, from the nuiitta there-
of, in accordance with a late suss^uon of your own, not
exceeding ten companies of mounted volunteers, to be re-
ported by*companies, to the commanding officer of the Uni-
ted States troop* engaged in that service, as fa-t as they can
be detached, in order that the same may he duly mustered
into the service and pay of the United skates.
**********
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN R. FLOYD,
Secretary of War,
Ilis Excellency J. E. Broomf,
Gj.lci nor of J^lorida, Tallahassee.
This was addressed to the Governor of Florida.
These troops were furnished by the Governor of
Florida, upon this requisition of the President of
the United States. They went into the field, un-
derwent great hardships and privations, and car-
ried the war into the most secret retreats of the
enemy. They carried on the campaign success-
fully, and, by their gallantry, at last succeeded in
bringing this unfortunate and long-protracted
Indian war to an end.
Sir, the Secretary of War has sent estimates to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and has
warmly recommended the payment of these Flor-
ida chums. I will give the very language of the
Secretary of War:
War Dhpartmfvt, December 23, 1858.
Sir: I transmit, herewith, a communication fioin the
Paymaster <iener.il, Mom which it will be perceived that
the sum of four hundred and thiitfen thousand six hundred
dollars (£>413.600) will be reqmied lor the payment of the
Florida volunteers, called into service by General Harney
aila Colonel Loomi-, and have the honor to reque-t the
eatty and Mvorablc action thereon of the Ilou&e of Repre-
sentative-*.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
JOHN B. FLOYD.
Secretary of War.
Hon. J\mes L. Orr,
Speaker of the Home of R>-j.>ret,vntut,iocs.
The estimate and the recommendation of the
Secretary of War were sent to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and thatcomnuttee have unani-
mously recommended the payment of this amount.
This ameitdment to attempted to be put upon
this bill •When it was before the House in the first
instance, but was ruled out 011 a point of order.
The Chairman of the Committee of the Whole
was afterwards convinced that he was in error
ill ruling it out of order, and admitted that he was
in erion for he had to admit that this law of 1795
authorized the President of the United States to
call out these troops; and, sir, if there was au-
thority to call out the troops, does it not follow as
a scquilur that there must be authority of law to
pay them? Sir, justice and right, and every prin-
ciple of law and equity demand that these claims
should be paid.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was mistaken
in supposing that a joint resolution had been
passed, authorizing the payment of this sum of
motley to the State of Massachusetts; but that'is
an amendment from the Senate. The amendment
-offered by the gentleman from Alabama is legis-
lation; and in accordance with the uniform prac-
tice of titc House, the Chair decides that new le-
gislation on an appropriation bill is out of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the Chair that we have got through with the
original hill, and are now acting on the amend-
ments of the Senate—amendments which would
not have been in order in this l-Iouse, and could
not have been placed on this bill. But the Sen-
ate has sent them here, and I suppose £hey are
not subject to the rules of the House. *
Mr. DOWDELL. With a vie,w of testing the
sense of the committee, I appeal from the deci-
sion of the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. As I understand it, the text
on which we are now acting—the Senate amend-
ment—is legislation, and the amendment of my
colleague is clearly and unquestionably germane.
The amendment is 110 mote legislation than is the
text on which we are acting—the Senate amend-
ment—and, therefore, it seems to me that it musf
be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question being on the appeal,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bliss, and
Davis of Mississippi, were appointed.
The c.ommtttse divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 95, noes 29.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr.,SHORTER. I desire to propose the fol-
lowing amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
ate:
Add, at the end of the amendment of the Senate, as fol-
lows:
•And provided further, That there may be set off against
.said sum of money, and deducted therefrom, any sum or
 uui  of money necessarily expended by the United States
in enforcing the execution of tne laws of the United Suites
within the State of Massachusetts. in consequence of re-
sistance to the same by the people of said State, in accord-
ance with the public sentiment of said people as embodied
in State laws.
Mr. NICHOLS. I make this point of order,
that the amendment is not germane to the amend-
ment of the Senate, and that it is one which, at
this staseof the session, ought not to be proposed
in this House.
Mr. SBIORTER. I would like to say a word
upon this amendment.
Mr. NICHOLS. I object until the Chair has
decided the question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order. '
Mr. SHORTER. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and I desire to state my reasons for
taking an appeal. . ^
Mr. DEAN. Debate is not in order, and I
object.
Mr. SHORTER. I do not propose to debate
it, but simply to state why, in my judgment, the
amendment is a proper one.
Mr. DEAN. I call the gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama cannot debate the amendment.
Mr. SHORTER. I have a right to appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and to state the grounds
of my appeal, have I not?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has ap-
pealed from the decision of the Chair, but debate
is not in order.
Mr. SHORTER. I surely have the right to
state the reasons of my appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. Stating reasSns is debate;
and debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman has the
right to state the grounds of his appeal.
Mr. SHORTER. I have never known that
right denied to any member of this House.
Mr. NICHOLS. It was denied to me last
night.
Mr. SHORTER. Well, sir, this is the first
time I have ever known it to be refused.^ I offer
this amendment in good faith, and 1 believe it is
strictly in order. And why do I believe it to be
in order? Because, when the State of Massachu-
setts comes here and asks for £,220,000 to he paid
to her in consequence of money which she al-
leges is due her, we have the right to deduct there-
from the amount which it has cost the Govern-
ment to execute the laws resisted by her citizens.
[Cries of " Order*" " Order !"]
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I call the gen-
tleman to order. He is not stating the grounds
of his appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is not in order, and will take his seat.
Mr. SHORTER. I merely desire to say in
