THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS. OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,: 0."C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 2], 1859.
New Series....-No. 3£k
ern Democrats declared that the difference tvas
"immaterial." In the midst of that discussion,
the honorable* member from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] came forward and made a speech in ad-
vocacy of the idea which has been since so much
denounced by southern Democrats; yet I see he
holds his place in the very empyrean of Democra-
cy. I then presumed, from the facts exhibited and
t£e wide latitude for differences of opinion given
in that party, that it was probably true that the
whole party concurred in the declaration to which
I have alluded. Testimonies of like character
have since then been afforded by other leaders of
that party, engaged in the actual administration,
which serve to confirm and strengthen the opinion
that in the Democratic party differences of opinion
are immaterial.
When the member from Maine announces that
his party deems this squatter sovereignty the next
best abolition specific to the Wilmot proviso, I
suppose his other declaration should not excite so
much surprise; to wit, that if Maine cannot have
his idea as the basis of organization against
slavery extension, she will throw herself into the
arms of the Democracy upon the squatter sover-
eignty idea as the next best chance of affecting
slavery in the Territories adversely. I am still of
the opinion that there is not room " for the toss
of a copper" between squatter soveieignty and
the Wilmot proviso; or, to speak more plainly,
between territorial prevention of enjoying aright
and the congressional prohibition of the use of
it. And it does seem to me that a party contain-
ingelements both for and against this idea of popu-
lar sovereignty, cannot be firmly attached to any
particular set of opinions on the subject, or must
have a capacity to admit into its organization
every variety and shade of opinion. Can it be
there is nothing material in the difference of opin-
ion upon this point between Mr. Douglas and
Mr. Davis; the one holding to the doctrine of his
Freeport speech, and the other denouncing it as
fatally heretical?
There is a looseness of thought on this point
which in my estimation is remaikable. A gen-
tleman insists on the doctrine of non-intervention
by Congress in the affairs of Territories, and lauds
this principle to the skies. Here he parts, toto
ccelo, from the member from Maine, who insists
on the right of congressional intervention in the
affairs of Territories. He establishes a territorial
government by Congress. He insists that under
such a government the territorial inhabitant may
legislate upon evgry subject, limited only by the
Constitution; and that within this lange, he may
legislate, riot to exclude slaveiy, but to prevent
the master from enjoying the rights incident to
his relation of master. He thus " holds with the
hare and runs with the hounds." He is against
the views of the northern Free-Soiler, yet reaches
the same result by a different process; he is with
the slaveholder, yet cuts him off from the enjoy-
ment of the rights granted to him. The error
of this construction of powers is exposed by the
very fact that its premises and conclusions are in-
consistent with each other; that it offers a theory
one way and reduces to practice another way.
It is high time we had reached tangible, solid
ground on this point. I hold the doctrine enun-
ciated in 1850, which was heralded to the world
as the true policy by Clay, Webster, Fillmore,
Dickinson, and their colaborers. It is this: the
General Government, being one of derivative pow- i
ers only, will not interfere or intervene to shape !
the destiny of the embryo States of the Union; j
there shall be no central influence exerted by it
to invite, or prohibit, or hinder, any particular!
system of labor or any sort of political institu- j
tions in the Territories, further than to see that j
they are republican in their form, upon the admis- i
sion of the State into the Union. It will confine :
itself to the honest exercise of the agency dele- !
gated to it for the common benefit of all theprin- j
cipals under whose power of attorney it acts. ,
That power of attorney is the Constitution of the \
United States, which expresses the grants of !
power to the agent and the prohibitions, and the
30
Government must keep within the limitations
expressed, or implications necessarily springing
from what has been expressed, to carry out that
which is within the object of the expressed grant.
%. Perfect freedom in the several local sover-
eignties to manage their own affairs in their own
way, provided the right of conscience is left free,
and the form of the republic is preserved, is guar-
antied by the Constitution.
But the territorial government is in no sense a
sovereignty. Itderives its life and being/row Con-
gress, and is incapable of exerting a power in-
compatible with the duties belonging to Congress
under the Constitution. It is plain Congress can-
not delegate what it does not possess, and that the
creature cannot perform what was denied to the
creator. Congress institutes the territorial gov-
ernment; Congress defines and limits its power;
Congress is bound by the Constitution, and may
give to the territorial government all the power to
do for the territorial people whatever Congress
could do. It is plain Congress can extend the
grant no further. If Congress cannot prevent the
slaveholder from going to the Territory with his
slave as property—and the Supreme Court says
it cannot—then Congress cannot make a territo-
rial government, and endow it with the power to
prevent him. If Congress cannot affect the right
of the slaveholder after he reaches the Territory
" by unfriendly legislation," then Congress can-
not create an instrument by which the same thing
can be rightfully done; and any attempt to do it
by such instrument should be controlled and
thwarted by Congress m the fair and just admin-
istration of its own duty. It results from this
view, that Congress should preserve a constant
supervision of (he territorial legislation, and tlmt,
whenever that legislation travels beyond the
proper limitation of territorial power, Congress
should abrogate it.
I have heard it frequently asked, "Does an
American citizen lose his rights by becoming an
inhabitant of a Territory?" 1 answer that the
Constitution of the United States guaranties to
him lus right of conscience; the free exeicise of
his religion; freedom from arrest, unless by war-
rant of law; the writof habeas coipus; and trial by
jury. These are of his constitutional rights, of
which he can nowhere be deprived. Hut when
he enters a Territory over which a territorial gov-
ernment has been instituted by Congress, his po-
litical rights—his right of participation in legis-
lation, and the limitations on the extent to which
he may exercise that right—depend entirely upon
the nature and organization of that territorial gov-
ernment, which is his constitution, p>o hue vice.
What would be thought of a man talking of the
exercise of his rights m Virginia, contrary to the
constitution of Virginia? Or of one who would
talk about " his rights as an American citizen,"
who enters a bank corporation, where his powers
and responsibilities are defined by a legislative
charter? The territorial government is nothing
but a legislative charter. It need not conform to
the idea of popular participation in the legislation
of the Territory. Instances are repeated m our
history where it has departed from this idea—as
in Michigan and in Indiana. I think it best, when
no paramount objection exists, that Congress
should allow the ten itorial people the widest range
of power in matters concerning themselves alone:
but this is necessarily within such boundaries as
limit Congress itself, and must not be incompat-
ible with the duty Congress owes to the members
of the Confederacy.
If these points are welf taken, there can be no
true foundation on which to rest the doctrine of
" populai soveieignty " in the Territories, accord-
ing to the view of that subject taken by the Sen-
ator from Illinois. The territorial people may be
wayward; they may be " unfriendly" to this or
to that system; but at least Congress can repress
their efforts to do wrong, and may abrogate their
legislation, where it infringes upon rights which
Congress cannot invade.
The people of a Territory, in forming their State
constitution, have the unqualified right to admit
or to reject slavery, and they should b4 admitted
into the Union without question as to the mariner
in which they have exercised this right.
This, Mr. Chairman, is a full view of* rtiy opin-
ions, both upon the Wilmot proviso, which r re-
ject, and on squatter sovereignty, which I reject
also, and on tne principles of the legislation of
1850, on which I have stood for years—indeed
through my whole public course. I occupy dif-
ferent ground from that maintained by either the
Senator from New York or the Senator from Ill-
inois. My view invests Congress with all the
power delegated to it by the Constitution, and
admits the right of Congress to delegate th<f trust
to a territorial government, Congress remaining
the constant supervisor of the action of such gov-
ernment. It reserves all the rights of the States
and the people. It denies the power of the squat-
ter to take unbridled license over the rights of cit-
izens, yet owe no responsibility anywhere. It
holds comity between all the people, regards and
preserves the rights of all sections, and maintains
those balances which arc essential to the effica-
cious operations of our political machinery,
I have said that I do not think there is any ne-
cessity for renewed agitation of questions affect-
ing slavery. The existing status of the law and
legislation on the subject, satisfy me; and in the
future I mean to abide by the principles already
decided. 1 do not ask a man to say he likes the
Dred Scottdecision, or that he believesitis right.
I ask him to obey it until it shall be reversed,
and not to make war upon rights which are de-
cided to be mine by the competent tribunals. I
am asked why I fix the period of framing the
State constitution as that at which a citizen may
exercise rights I deny to him while in the Terri-
tory. I answer: when the people of a Territory
come to the formation ofaState constitution, they
are not acting under the territorial government;
they do not derive their power from Congress;
they are American citizens (or should be) with all
their rights as members of an original society,
forming a social and political compact with each
other. Therefore it is that at this exact period
wc say they have the right to form institutions to
suit themselves. They are not now fettered by
modifications of political right; they are now free
and sovereign.
Whether the State can be established or not
depends on the assent of Congress, given either
precedent or subsequent to the formation of the
constitution. Why is the assent of Congress ne-
cessary at all ? Because a territorial government
established by Congress has possession of the place on
which the State h to arise, and because a State and
a territorial government cannot both he in pos-
session of the same place at the same time. If
Congress does not assent, the State must continue
in abeyance, or it can only be established by rev-
olution. Let me illustrate by one or two refer-
ences. Congress would not establish a territorial
government in California; the military intendatil
gav<i way; the Slate wan immediately established.
At Topeka, an assemblage formed a constitution
fm Kansas; Congress would not give up the ter-
ntoi ml government; the Slate could not be brought
into existence. At Lecompton, another effort was
made, mid Congress consented to take away the
territorial government upon a condition, which,
not happening, the State could not arise. When
Congress gives its assent precedent, as by an en-
abling act, the State comes into existence on the
instant; because the consent of Congress has al-
ready paved the way for the State.
I have gone far more into detail than I should
have done, to elucidate my views upon these ques-
tions of power, because I hope to point out to the
people the material differences existing between
the political parties, and the differing practical re-
sults which tnugt flow from an adoption of one or
the other of tfr&m. On the one side, I resist the
extent of power claimed for Congress by the
northern politician of the school of the Senator
from New York; on the other hand, 1 resist the
loose construction of powers advocated by th^
Senator from Illinois, which takes me fiom the
