1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1551
terest, to reopen their interest account and com-
pute it according to the method prescribed by the
courts. The object of the Committee of Ways
and Means in offering this amendment is to in-
crease the amount of interest to be paid to those
States that have already received interest, and to
deny it, in totoy to those that have received none.
I am opposed to this. It does not seem fair. These
creditors are now before Congress asking for re-
lief. If they are entitled to more interest than they
have received, let them get it elsewhere; but if
they come to us, let us, while we can, do justice'
and equity to all. Let us again consider this ques-
tion. And now, how do we stand? Some States
which have been paid principal and interest, now
seek, long after settlement, a still further pay-
ment by compounding interest. This, our Com-
mittee of Ways and Means think right. They
propose to open these old settlements, to pay more
interest to those who have already received it, and
shut out those who have received no interest
•whatever. This is not equitable.
It seems to me, sir, these States that have re-
ceived even one per cent, interest, so far as right
is concerned, so far as law is concerned, sofaras
obligation is concerned, should wait till those that
have received none shall receive as much. It was
a greater wrong on the part of Congress to deny
interest in toto to some, than it is now to refuse
to compute interest upon interest to those who
have received it already. It is all wrong. If we
open the door ever so little, it is our duty to throw
it wide open, and adjust the claims of all credit-
ors, States and individuals, upon the same and
equal terms. The obligation of the Government
is the same towards all creditors—to pay interest
to all, or refuse it to all. Sir, States are not needy;
and it seems to me strange that some of them
should be here asking us to compound interest,
when our general practice is to refuse interest;
we had better give it to individuals, who, if not
more deserving, are certainly more needy. I op-
pose this amendment, and also that of the Senate.
If we adopt either, we will have established a per-
nicious precedent.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BONHAM. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Oino, and i beg leave to call
his attention, and that of the committee, to the
fact, that when Congress, in 182.3, determined to
pay th^se claims for advances by the different
States, they decided that no States should receive
interest except such as had paid interest on the
sums advanced by them respectively.
I understand the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Stevenson] to say that he has the authority
of the Secretary of the Treasury for the state-
ment, that the principle on which the interest was
to be calculated in the case of the State of South
Carolina was settled by the act which authorized
the repayment to her of the sums she advanced.
There is some mistake. I have the act before
me, and there is not a word m it on that point.
But the gentleman says that the statute* of lim
itation—although not smelly applicable—must
bar these claims. Sir, Congress is not to be con-
trolled by the rules which govern a court of jus-
tice. If a claim is just, we ought to pay it, no
matter wh^l length of time may have elapsed
since the occurrences^ut of which it grows. It
is true that the time is unpropitious for the pay-
ment of elaims; but it is not proposed to take the
money out of the Tieasury. If it is proper to
pay these claims, let us do it now; and do it not
so as to open so wide a field as the amendment
of the Senate proposes, but according to the ex-
isting law. Let us adopt the amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The question recurred on the amendment re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. I desire to offer
the following amendment to the amendment:
That the act entitled An act to authorize the issue of
Tioa-ury notes,*1 approved the 23d day of Decembei, 1837,
is hereby revived and continued in force, lor the space of
two yeais, from and alter the passage of this, act; and, to
defray the expenses thereof, the sum oi >,1,000is hereby ap-
propt iaieii.
1 do not deshe to discuss that amendment. I
will only say that it looks to the present neecs-
sities of the Government, and not to the ripping
open and resettling of old claims.
Mr. STANTON. Even that amendment is
better than the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
insist that that amendment is in order?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Surely my friend
from Illinois will not make a question of order
upon it ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois I do. It is
legislation on an appropriation bill, and is not
germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order.
The question was then taken on the amendment
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
to the amendment of the Senate; and it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. DOWDELL. I move to amend, by add-
ing as follows:
Sec   That the f^um of $413,600 be. and Ihe same
is hereby, appiopriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otheiw^e appropriated, for the payment of the Florida
volunteers, called into service by General Harney and Col-
onel Looinis, under the authority of the President of the
United States, in ihe years of 1857-58; winch shall he in
full satisfaction of payments for services of said volunteers
during the years aforesaid.
Mr. KELSEY. I raise a question of order
upon that amendment. It is not germane to the
Senate amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order. This is an Army ap-
piopriation bill; and the Chair thinks the amend-
ment is germane to the bill.
Mr. HAWKINS. I wish simply to state that
this amendment is recommended by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. They have tried twice
to have it incorporated into one of the appropri-
ation bills; but it has been, in each case, ruled
out of order. These volunteeis were called out
under the authority of the President of the Uni-
ted States, and the appropriation is strongly rec-
ommended by the Secretary of War. I call for
tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Oun, and
Stewart of Maryland, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 90, noes 30.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to amend,
by adding as follows:
Src. —. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized to pay, outof any money
in the Tieasiity not otherwise appiopnatcd. to the State of
Mi>souri, the amount of money paid by said State in repel-
ling the hostilities of tiie O^age Indians, in the year )b37:
oi bled) That the sum hereby appiopriated shall not exceed
the sum of $1,008 04: Provided. That ihere shall he no
gieater payor allowances to ihe>e companies than was
given to similar tioops in the service of the United States:
And -provided farther. That the <-aid amount shall be paya-
ble at any time alter the 1st day of June next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. That amendment is not in
order to an appropriation bill. The payment is
not authorized by existing laws, and is not ger-
mane to this hili.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order, under the rule which has
been adopted in committee for amendments to the
Army appropriation bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I %ill detain the
committee but a moment. Some time ago the
State of Missouri paid for the services of her mil-
itia, colled out to .suppress the hostilities of the
Osage Indiana in that State. She now comes here
and'asks that she shall be reimbursed by the Gen-
eral Government {or the moneys thus expended
by her. The matter has been referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and they recom-
mend that the payment shall be made.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
following amendment:
That the Secrctarv of the Treasury is hereby directed to
pay to claimants forborne* Jo-t in the Black Hawk war, the
amounts which may be proved to be justly due them.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I make the point of order
that that amendment is not in order. Theie is no
provision of law authorizing it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I differ with
the gentleman. There is a law. There is the
law of 1836, and this amendment is only in exe-
cution of that law. As has been said on the other
side, the amendment merely orders the officers of
the Treasury to do their duty. They have re-
fused to pay for the horses which my constitu-
ents lost in that Black Hawk war. After wait-
ing for twenty years, it is time that they were
paid, and that those in the Departments who hold
up their opinions against the authority of Con-
gress, should be directed to do their duty. As
the committee has put in old claims here, I insist
that my constituents shall have their claim ap-
pended, for it is as just as any other.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask my friend
to include citizens of Missouri who lost horses in
that war.
The CHAIR-MAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And provided further, That the Secretary of War be, and
is hereby, authorized and required to pay to certain citi-
zens of Georgia and Alabama, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of §-320,000,
for losses sustained by them by the operations of the Uni-
ted States troops and a band of hostile Creek Indians in
1836-37. as per the report made to Congress by Messrs.
Pease and Smith, the United States commissioners ap-
pointed by Congress to audit said accounts.
Mr. KELSEY. Is that amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order. There is no law
for it. So far from it, that the House at this
session refused to pass any law for it.
Mr. BRYAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be,
and he is hereby, authorized to repay to the State of Texas,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, moneys advanced by that State for the payment of
Texas volunteers called into the field by Governors Pease
and Runnels, prior to the 27th day of January, A. 1). 1858:
Piovuled, That there shall be no greater pay or allowances
to these companies than was given to similar troops in the
service of the United States ; and that proof shall be pre-
sented of the necessity of calling out said volunteers: Pro-
vided, That the sum does not exceed $139,554 51.
Mr. KELSEY. I make the point, that that is
general legislation, and not in order upon this
bill.
Mr. BRYAN. It is similar to one incorporated
for the State of Missouri.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the following
amendment:
Jlnd provided jurther, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall pay to the several members of Major Bayley's
battalion of Illinois volunteers, who were raised and mus-
tered into service of the United States during the Mexican
war. at the same rates and the same amounts as have been
paid to other volunteers for like time or services.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Is that amendment in
order ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. These volunteers were
raised under the law declaring war with Mexico.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of the Senate as amended, and it was re-
jected.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move to amend hy adding
after the word "ledge," the words "and Fort
Knox;" and after the word "dollars," the words
to be divided equally between the two forts;"
so that the clause will read;
For fort at Hog Island ledsre and Fort Knox, §40,000, to
be divided equally between the two forts.
I desire to state to the committee why this
amendment should be adopted. I do notpropose
by it to increase the amount of appropriation,
but simply to change its direction, so as to have
it divided equally between the two forts.
There are two forts in the State of Maine; one
Fort Knox, .and one at Hog Island ledge, in
Casco bay, Portland. Last year $50,000, for the
latter fort", and now 040,000 is appropriated by the
Senate amendment An application for an appro-
priation was made last year for Fort Knox; but,
by some mistake on the part of Congress, the ap-
propriation was not made; and yet an appropri-
ation is absolutely rfefcessary in order to preserve
the works there. I do not expect that, in the
present depleted condition of the Treasury, this
committee would be willing to increase the appro-
priation for the forts; else I should move to amend
by adding an appropriation for Fort Knox. But,
