1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
for the free and exclusive use of actual settlers;
"Which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, presented the petition of
Tal. P. Shaffner, praying that the President, or
the Secretary~c>f the Navy, may be authorized to
render him such aid as may be practicable in car-
rying out his plans for laying a telegraph between
Europe and America, via Greenland, Iceland, and
the Faroe Isles, by permitting the Government
ships to transport his surveying party; which
■was referred to the Committee on Naval-AfFairs.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a
memorial of iron manufacturers of Cumberland
county, New Jersey, approving the bill intro-
duced by Mr. Pitch, for the use of American iron
in the public works; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mi*. JONES, it was
Ordered, That Vnginia Waldron have leave to withdraw
her petition and papers.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Some* days ago I made a
motion to reconsidcr the vote by which the Sen-
ate ordered five thousand extra copies of the
coast survey report to be printed. I should like
to have that motion disposed of, and I ask for its
consideration now. I shall not discuss it. I sim-
ply desire to have the estimate of the expense of
the publication, which is on the Secretary's table,
read; and to have the yeas and nays on the ques-
tion of printing the extra numbers.
Mr. FITCXi. I must object to the present con-
sideration of that. Here is my desk loaded with
reports which must be made. If the gentleman
chooses to throw a difficulty in the way by insist-
ing upon his motion on so trifling a matter, and
yet which is doing injustice to the public service,
he alone is responsible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Indiana insist on the regular order of busi-
ness ?
Mr. FITCH. I do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make the motion to test
the sense of the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to present a
petition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I give way for that pur-
pose.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition,
which is given above.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 890) making an ap-
propriation for the payment of the expenses of
investigating committees of the House of Repre-
sentatives; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred a petition of citizens
of San Francisco city and county, relative to the
SantiHan grant, have instructed me to ask that
they be discharged from its further consideration.
The committee have had no time to give the
whole matter that consideration to which it is en-
titled; but their inclination is that some bill, not
such as is contemplated by the petition, buta bill
which shall not violate general principles, might
be fiumed to guard the lntcvcntsof the petitioners
without trespassing on the rights of others. At
another session, it jnay be in the power of the
committee to report such a bill in time to prevent
injury; but at this time it would be useless to
hope for the passage of such a bill, even if its de-
tails could be perfected. I move, therefore, that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.BAYAR.D. Tin; same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (fl. It. No. 886) to protect
timber growing upon lands of the United States
reserved for mihtaiy and other purposes, have
.directed me to repoit it back with a recommend-
ation that it pass, and ask for its present consid-
eration. It is a bill to which, I think, there can
be no objection. The object is to provide, by
penal enactment, against the cutting and stealing
of timber from military reservations, which has
been found to be, from the statements-of the De-
partment, a growing evil. It can injure no one;
it is for the purpose of protecting the timber on
the military reservations of the United States. I
hope the bill will be considered at once. I think
it can be passed in two minutes.
Mr. FITCH. I must interpose an objection
to any motion to consider anything except what
is strictly in order.
Mr. BAYARD. Can the objection of a single
Senator prevent the consideration of the bill at
the presenttime>if a majority of the Senate choose
to take it up, it being a bill reported back after its
second reading?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The bill having been just
reported cannot be considered to-day, objection
having been made.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 559)
to ratify and confirm certain entries of the public
lands in Alabama, under the act of August 4,
1854, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of A. Edwards, reported
a bill (S. No. 607) to provide for the final settle-
ment of the accounts of Abram Edwards, late
receiver of the land office at Kalamazoo, Michi-
gan ; which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. STUART. As the bill which I have just
reported simply provides for the adjustment of
accounts as they were certified in 1849, and thfe
the payment of a small balance to a very old and
worthy gentleman, I wish to ask the indulgence
of the Senate to pass it now.
Mr. FITCH. I must object, as I have some
reports to make. I should not be so urgent but
for the fact that the inflexible Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] will insist at twelve o'clock
on the regular order.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
713) malcing'appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
30th of June, 18G0, reported it with amendments,
and gave notice that at twelve o'clock he would
cad it up.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was icfened the bill (S. No. 568)
to enable the owners of property fronting on Gov-
ernment piers at Chicago to use the same for
commercial purposes, and keep the same in re-
pair, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the
Library, who were instructed by a resolution of
the Senate to report what progress has beenmade
in completing the publication of the exploiing ex-
pedition under Captain Wilkes, what amount of
appropriations for the work remain unexpended,
and what amount will be necessary to complete
the same, submitted a report on the subject; which
\fras ordered to be printed.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S. No.
11) relating to the public printing, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. _The same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Pryorte Heiss, pro-
prietors of the States, praying that steps be taken
to enforce the provisions of the act of 3d of March,
1845, in relation to the publication of proposals
for contracts, have instructed me to report that,
if the statements of the memorialists be sustained
on investigation, legislation will very probably
be necessary; but they ask to be^liseharged from
its further consideration at this time, for want of
time to examine it', i make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PITCH, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William Pettibone
and others, practical book-binders, and residents-
of Washington city, praying the correction of
an abuse in relation to the ruling and binding of
the Executive Departments, made the same report
as in the ease of the preceding memorial; and it
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the executive com-'
rmttee of the National Typographical Union,
praying the establishment of a bureau of printing,
on the plan proposed in the bill reported from a
select committee of the House of Representatives,
at the last session of Congress, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which wad
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to wljom
was referred the petition of the operative book-
binders of the city of Washington, praying the
enactment of a law requiring the public binding,
in all its parts, to be done in the city, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the motion to print the letter of
the Secretary of State, communicating a report of
the commercial relations of the United States with
foreign nations, for the year ending September
30, 1858, reported in favor of printing the usual
number of the report, in quarto, and one thousand
additional copies for the use of the State Depart-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the report Qf the
Secretary of the Navy, m answer to a resolution
of the Senate calling for a statement showing the
names and appropriate description of all vessels
of the Navy of the United States which have been
captured, lost, or destroyed, &c., reported in fa-
vor of printing the usual number; and the report
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print resolutions
adopted at a convention of the soldiers of the war
of 1812, held at Syracuse, New York, on the
25th of February, 1859, reported in favor of the
motion; and the report was agreed to.
He also, from tne same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the message of
the President of the United States, communicating
a digest of the statistics of manufactures accord-
ing to the returns of the seventh census, reported
in favor or printing the usual number of the tab-
ular statement, accompanying the message, em-
bodying the general results, and omitting all
county statistics. The.report was agreed tp.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating a copy of Captain J. H. Simpson's
report and map of wagon road routes in Utah
Territory, reported in favor of printing the same;
and the report was agreed to.
He also, from the Joint Committee on Printing,
who were instructed by a resolution of the Senate
of December 22, 1857, to inquire and report
whether any new provisions of law are necessary
to secure a faithful performance of the existing"
contracts, which provide for accurate reports of
the debates of the two Houses, submitted a re-
port on the subject; which was ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. FITCH, it was
Ordered, That the maps accompanying the memoir of
Colonel Wright's campaign again&t the Indiana m Oregon
and Washington (S. Ex. Doc. 32) be panted, with said me-
moir, for the u e of the Senate.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. FITCH also, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print the
letter of the Commissioner of Patents communi-
cating the annual report of that office, reported
the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number, ten thousand extra copies of the annual report of
the Corfttimsioner of Patents on arts and manufactures, for
the year ltfoS, for the Interior Department, for the purposes
ot'otficial distribution, with the plates and drawings neces-
sary to illustrate each subject.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the letter of the
Commissioner of Patents, communicating the ag-
ricultural portion of his annual report for the
year 1858, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number, ten thousand extra cupies of the report of the Oom-
missiont'r of Patents on agriculture, for the year 1858, for
i distribution by the Intenor Department: Provided, That
the aggregate number of pages contained in said report
shall not exceed five hundred and sixty-eight, including ten
pages ot initiations on wood: Jlnd provided further,That
the entire amount of copy necessary to complete said re-
port. including the drawings for the illustrations on paper,
be placed m the hands of ihe Superintendent of Public
Plaiting on or before the 1st day of May next.
Mr. FITCH. It was deemed by the commit-
tee not advisable to direct the printing of any ex-
tra numbers for the use of the Senate, in view of
the fact that the franking privilege would prob-
ably be abolished. And the committee were the
