1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
to the south of Lake Baikal, and, reaching Kyachta, would
be extended to Fekin, forming another lateral branch of one
thousand miles, under the joint protection and patronage of
the red and the white Czars, bringing Pekin and St. Peters-
burgh so near to each other that the two Emperors could
converse upon the affairs of the Tartar nations who inter-
vene between the Japan and Caspian seas,without the inter-
mediation of embassadors. The whole of the great island-
world of the Pacific, the fifth great division of the globe,
lying so mucl\more convenient to the shores of China than
to British India, would favor the plan of a telegraphic com-
munication via Hong-Kong to Pekin, thus opening up the
whole of this division of the world to European communi-
cation, and, from th& nature of the country, to the west of
Canton, towards India, presenting, perhaps, the only prac-
ticable route of telegraph to Europe via Pekin and Moscow.
But this being only another lateral branch to the great trunk
.telegraph, we must hasten on to the East. Leaving Kyaclita,
the Jine would cross the Stanovoi range of mountains at a
favorable point to Chetah, the capital of the province of
Trans-Baikal, upon the waters of < the Mississippi of North-
ern Asia," the Amoor; following the course of the Ingodah,
the Schiekah, and the Amoor, we will find ourselves upon
the shores of the Pacific, opposite the island of Sak-hah-lin,
at De Castries. Up to this point, from Moscow, the way
is now open, traversable, and practicable, since the an-
nexation of the Amoor by Kussia, presenting no greater
difficulties than through much of our own western country.
" Having reached the mouth of the Amoor, or, more prop-
erly, De Castries, we must cross the head of the Gulf of
Tartary to the Island o.f Sak-hah-lin, and following along
jts shores, or crossing to Cape Aniwa or Ratmanoff, the
wires would be suspended across the Okhotsk limb of the
Pacific ocean, using the Kurile Islands as poles on which
to suspend the wire in order to reach Kamtschatka. Here
we inav consider ourselves fairly on the high road to San
Francisco, and, by this time, so thoroughly up to the im-
portance of the work that no small obstacle will deter us
in our progress. But,to retrace our steps a moment: after
reaching the southermost pomt of Sak-hah-lin, another
lateral iincsouth,crossingtheStraitsofLaPerousa, would
tiaveise Je so to Hakodadij at which point our North-Pa-
cific whaling fleet would concentrate for orders, news from
home, and dispatch of the season's catch. Crossing San-
gar, it'would communicate with the imperial city ofJeddo,
thus bringing .Japan into the tclegiaphic embrace.
Haviiig reached Petropaulovsky, in Kamtschatka, we
find again a chain of convenient island posts, the Alentan,
and ocean shoie upon which to cross with our wires to
Sitka, (New Archangel,) the capital of Russian America.
From tins point looking upon the globe, it will be perceived
that we have heed in the main a steady eastern course fiom
Moscow, there being not more than about six degrees of
variation m latitude, over a longitudinal course of one hun-
dred and ninety degrees east. The whole distance over a
country undet the jurisdiction of Ilussia, culling the capi-
tals of h«M grout interior provinces. The route could he
changed at various points to meet contingencies, to shorten
distances, increase or diminish submerged cable, but in the
main, taking into consideration the progress of Russia upon
tlio northern limbs of Asia, the Amoor is most certainly the
propei highway for a telegraph. Behiing's Straits, or Cape
I'akatschmsky. crossing to the American continent to the
south of Noiton's Sound, or by Alya«hah, might be taken
into consideration; but, m the main, that would be a ques-
tion of dollais and cents in the comparative cost in main-
taining the line over the respective routes.
« Having reached Sitka, I tri^t we will not be troubled
with much apprehension in completing the line via Van-
couver*, (Fraxei's river.) Washington, and Oiegon, to
fc?ncrameuto and San Fiancisco ; for we have but the inter-
vening space of 18° to contend against; this I concluded
would be very quickly accomplished, under the joint and
scpai ate action of the three Powers, Ilussia, England, and
the Tinted Slates. .
•k Having reached Pan Francisco, the metiopohs of the
Paotie, we may icasonnbly conclude that the inarch o! em-
pire has alieady placod wnes to the Mississippi river, from
whence the lightning is now flashing to St. John s, illuini- (
iiating the round world with its intelligent gleam. j
" The most of tlie main toute has been traversed and '
found practicable. The lateral lines to A>irakhan and Ca-
bul, Pckm and'Jeddo, are known to be practicable from
the jelanons and observations of eminent Russian tiavel-
tr.s, Tim? undei the march of civilization, both fioni.the
east and fioiri the we.-t, concentrating upon the Asiatic
woild. with the outward piessure of four power!ul nations,
three from the Old and one fiom the New World, of neces-
f-itv, tins woild-enciiehrig telegiaph, hy way o! Moscow,
Irkutsk, and the Amoorrivcr, to the American continent,
and San Francisco, must become a lact accomplished at no
■v erv distant day."
Mr. THOMPSON obtained the floor.
Mr. ANDREWS. I ask tue gentleman to yield
to mc for a moment.
Mr. THOMPSON. I will, if it be the under-
standing that I shall have the floor to-morrow. I
do not wish to address the committee to-night.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can recognize
no such arrangement in respect to the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON. Very well; then I will
yield the floor unconditionally.
Mr. ANDREWS. 1 had intended this even-
ing to have made some remarks upon the report
made by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Boyce] at the last session, relative to the tariff,
but as it is getting late, with the consent of the
committee, 1 will publish my remarks.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 objcct to the order by this
committee of the publication of speeches not de-
livered when gentlemen are able to deliver them.
I did not object to the request of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Goode] just now, because he
was physically unable "to deliver his speech; but
I will never giYe my consent otherwise to the
publication, in the Globe, of speeches, by order
of this committee, which are not delivered.
Mr. GILMAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky if it has not been the practice of
the House to publish speeches under such cir-
cumstances ?
Mr. BURNETT. There are a good many
abuses which have existed for a long time, and one
of those abuses is the publication and sending to
the country that which purports to be speeches
delivered in this House that nobody here ever
hears. I will not give my consent to the contin-
uance of such a practice.
Mr. GILMAN. With the permission of the
gentleman from New York, I will say that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky well knows that, during a
full session of the House of Representatives, gen-
tlemen upon this floor often deliver their speeches
without an audience. Sometimes the subject has
been exhausted; and a gentleman wishing to ad-
dress' his constituents through the medium of the
press delivers his speech in a full House without
being listened to by any one. His object beiug to
address the country, he does not ask for the ear
of the House.
Mr. ANDREWS. I will say to the gentleman
from Kentucky that I have not before asked such
a favor, and would not- have done so now but for
the fact that I did not like to inflict a speech upon
him and other gentlemen of the House at this late
hour.
Mr, BURNETT. I would be the last man to
deny to any man in this House what courtesy
demanded at my hands. But I will say right here, i
that the reason why I vote against these night
sessions is because their effect is, in my judgment,
to degrade the character of the House of Repre-
sentatives. It converts Congress into a mere de-
bating club, in which political essays are read,
intended for home consumption,and are then pub-
lished in the Congressional Globe at the expense
of the country. 1 think it is a bad practice, and
ought to be stopped.
Mr. GILMAN. I will ask the gentleman from
Kentucky whether, upon the delivery of a speech
upon the floor of the House of Representatives,
he is not addressing his constituents and the coun-
try as much as if he were to present his speech here
and have it printed without being delivered ?
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir; when 1 make a
gpeech upon this floor 1 address my constituents,
because they constitute a part of the country, and
in the remarks which I have had the honor to i
make here, I have always endeavored to say some-
thing, and always to publish just such remarks as
I have delivered in the hearing of this House.
Mr. ANDREWS. And I have always listened
with pleasure to the gentleman's remarks. 1 will
now proceed with mine.
Mr. Chairman, hostility to the protection of
American labor and industry, veUed under the
delusive but attractive name of free trade, has
been one of the cardinal doctrines of the Demo-
cratic party; and it is, in fact, one and the same,
in purpose, upon which slavery is based. There ;
are thousands of Americans who fail to perceive |
this truth, and are therefore wasting- their ener- j
i! gies in building up with one hand what they are
> aimirr<r to throw down with the other are clam-
I onng°for free soil with the North, and for free j
trade with the other, although one is the fixed
: antagomstoftheother;thcy have,however,much ;
' less interest in discovering the fact than citizens ,
i of foreign birth. i
! Mr. Boyce, of South Carolina, submitted, at
the last Congress, a report m favor of abolishing ;
all duties upon importation of foreign goods, and 1
for raising revenue by direct taxation.. This is,
without doubt, the honest and manly way of pre- <
senttng the question. Ifatariffis designed solely,
or even mainly, for revenue, it will not bear de- i
fense. Direct taxation is the only simple, equal, !
uniform mode of raising taxes. If we are to have
a tariff at all, it must be justified as a means of
stimulating the employment of domestic labor—
giving, so far as the policy of the Government
can contribute to that end, steady work and lib-
eral wages to all who are able and desire to earn
their living by honest toil. This'should be the
direct and principal objcct; not an incidental one,
a mere make-weight for taxation.
1, for one, sti, do not pretend to support a tanfi'
as a means of raising revenue, and I honor the
frankness of Mr. Boyce in taking ground for di-
rect taxation, instead of pretending, as mostof his
party do, to argue that w.e must have a tariff for
revenue; and if it gives some incidental protection
to labor, we cannot help it, and do not care, for
it; fair play requires that they should take one
side or (he other. If we are to have protection
at all let us have it, because it is wise and jost and
profitable; let it give us that openly, not inciden-
tal, timorously, and ineffectually, but thoroughly,
avowedly, and in the face of day. In this re-
port Mr. Boyce makes such an argument as he
can against the justice and 'expediency of the pro'
tective principle, and he states what seems to him
an inconsistency in the conduct ami reasoning of
the friends of the American system, of defending
domestic labor against subjection to the policy of
England. He says:
" It is a singular fact that while we hear so much on this
point or protecting American industry, no one, not even
the inofet zealous protectionist, has taken objection to the
free introduction of foreign labor."
I admit the fact; I agree, that we are not hostile
to immigration; more than that, I would do what
I could to promote its increase. I desire to ke«yj
up and increase the rate of wages on this side the
Atlantic, and thus to increase the temptation for
people to flee from the low wages of Europe, and
share in the better rewards thatawait them here.
I even admit more than Mr. Boyce states. For
myself, 1 desire to be entirely consistent, as I be-
lieve he is, for himself and for the party he rep-
resents. There are but two sides to this question,
and no middle ground. Those who ar? with Mr.
Boyce for free trade, are bound to go with him for
Ihe extension of slavery and to discourage immi-
gration; nor can one of these objects be promoted
without aiding to accomplish the other, though,
perhaps, I should in fairness state that the oppo-
sition of the party to immigration is confined to
white foreigners—it does not extend to raw Afri-
cans—they are willing to import them.
It is now thirty years since South Carolina
wanted to gooutof the Union because we adopted
the thoroughly protective tariff of 1828; and, by
way of inducing that peppery little State to stay,„
•ye compromised that tariff away by reducing the
duties, year after year, till 1842. South Carolina
had fought the system, and continued to fight
without intermission ever since. She, the repre-
sentative State of the South, devoted to the slave
system with an intensity that none other equals;
her statesmen aimed avowedly at preserving an
equilibrium in the House of Representatives,
where relative population is taken into account,
and numbers make power; this could not be done.
But in the Senate, Florida, with a population not
equal—all told, white and black—to that of the city
of Rochester, where I reside, balances the State
of New York, which State contributes more for
the stfpportof the Government than all the other
States put together, and yet she cannot obtain one
dollar to improve her channels of commerce, when
millions are lavished upon other and southern
States which have no commerce of consequence.
Here was a chance for maintaining an artificial
equilibrium; the negative of the Senate was as
effective as the negative of the Senate, the House
of Representatives, and the President combined.*
i * It will be seen that the white inhabitants of the Repub-
i hcati States outnumber those of the Democratic States in
the proportion of two to one :
Republican.
Maine 
New Hampshire.
Vermont 
Rhode Island ...
Connecticut ....
Massachusetts ...
581,813
317,456
313,402
143.875
363,099
985.450
Democratic.
Maryland  
Virginia 
North Carolina....
South Carolina....
Georgia...........
Alabama 
New Yoik  3,048,3*75 Mississippi-
• New Jersey ..... 465,509 Ijouisiana.
'I Pennsylvania.... 2,258,160
1 i Ohio  1,955,050
■' Indiana  977,154
i1 Illinois  
:j Michigan  395,071
1 Wisconsin  304,756
;    191,881
Minnesota     200,000
417.943
894.800
533,008
274.563
59ij572
426.514
295,718
225,401
Texas  154,034
Arkansas  162.189
Missouri  592,004
Tennessee  756,836
Kentucky  761,413
California  200,000
Florida  47,203
Delaware    71,169
13,530.650
6,42ii,4l£
The above figures, show that the Republican is preemi-
nently the party of the white men of the Union, while the
Democratic only maintains its power at all by three million
blacks heht in slaver\ > which it represents in Congress and
the electoral collect:, although u mil not allow them to
vote either for clcct-jia or Congressmen.
