1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*475
fifty in Europe; for, being better paid forhislabor,
he has more to spend; and besides, somebody
must pay the difference between the cost of trans-
portation in both directions; it isa dead waste of
labor that profits nobody. If the farmer must
feed the manufacturer, then it is their mutual in-
terest that it should be done here rather than in
Europe.
Therefore I regard it the true policy of this
Government so to legislate as to prevent those
■who do not propose to immigrate and share their
lot with us from interfering with the market for
our labor by sending their labor here in the shape
of manufactured fabrics. One of two things we
must do; namely, either import the labor already
performed in the manufactures of foreign coun-
tries, or we must import the laborer from foreign
countries to perform it. When he is imported,
■we have imported once and forever; it is folly to
keep the artisan on the other side of the Atlantic
and import his labor piecemeal—a roll of cloth, a
box of hardware, a cargo of railroad iron, a case
of hats or shoes—and so by little and little ferry-
ing over the ocean the products of his life-long
toil; we, on the other hand, carrying to him his
flour and meat. Why all this fruitless and ex-
pensive labor? Simply to prevent the man com-
ing here to build up free States and to secure that
ascendency in the council of the nation which
shall administer the Government for the interest
of free labor.
Under the effects of « protective tariff our man-
ufactories were built up; large numbers of per-
sons were employed; the demand for farm prod-
uce was increased; the farmer found a constant
and profitable market, and could afford to be a
large purchaser of manufactured articles, for lux-
ury as well as comfort; and it was true; as it ever
will be, that the competition among our own man-
ufacturers kept prices low; tnat the nearer the
producer and consumer are brought to each other
the better for both, and that all the interests of
the country are benefited. Such was the effect
of the old tariff. Since its repeal we have been
giving employment to foreign capitalists and
foreign laborers, and feeding them with bread
taken from the mouths of our own laborers. Sup-
pose, sir, that the views of Mr. Boyce should be
carried out; that all the duties on imports should
be removed, and prices be thus reduced, (which
is contrary to our experience:) how docs that
benefit the laborer, who in consequence is deprived
of work ? He wil.l have no means to purchase at
the reduced price. You must first furnish him
■with the money, if you give him no chance to
earn it. I say. sir, give him work to do by pro-
tecting his labor, and he will purchase what he
requires, and surround himself and his family
with the comforts and independence becoming an
American citizen. Sir, this free-trade dogma, from
first to last, is a cheat and a fraud upon the public
credulity.
Sir, the annual expenses of the Government
have now reached the fearful amount of nearly
ninety million dollars; and under the doctrines of
expansion, indicated by the President, and urged
on this floor, namely, the acquisition of Cuba,
Central America, and' Mexico—in fact, the taking
to ourselves everything that may be "lying loose
round," that expense will not diminish; certainly,
such a process, at the risk of war threatened by
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt]
with most of the great Powers of Europe, is
rather incompatible with reduction and economy;
and the question arises, how will we meet this
vast expenditure ? Direct taxation under the Con-
stitution, upon the basis of representative popu-
lation, is out of the question. Why, sir, a large
number of congressional districts in some of the
States would not sell for a sum sufficient, negrqes
and all, to pay the taxes for five years, when un-
der that system the value of property shall be re-
duced, as it t*ust be, to the staiidaid of coin; for
the tax upon each, congressional district in the
United States will be over three hundred thou-
sand dollars per annum. In fact, the President
and Congress have repudiated this resort, and the
necessity for a tariff is admitted. I rejoice that
even necessity has driven the Government to this
admission, as between the alternative of tariff and
direct taxation.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] catches
fervid glimpses of the future, and prophesies that
Emjiand will ucquiic the vast j.nd feitile cotton-
growing valleys of China to which the sixty miles
square of cotton lands in the United States " is as
nothing.". When that event shall happen, then
our southern friends will demand a home market
for that product, and clamor again for a protective
tariff, as they did at an earlier period of our his-
tory. In the mean time I cannot doubt the present
necessity will not be lessened by any economy in
the policy of this Government. With this I am
content, looking to the wisdom and patriotism of
a Republican Administration, which shall surely
succeed this, for the enactment of such measures
as shall restore, not only adequate revenue, but
also business and prosperity to the people.
Mr. KELLOGG obtained the floor.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I hope the gentleman will
yield to a motion that the committee rise.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will for that purpose, but
none other.
Mr. PURYIANCE. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Vallandigham, having taken the
chair, Mr. Barksdale reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly certain resolutions
relative to the President's message, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. GILMAN, the
House (at a quarter to nine o'clock, p. m.) ad-
journed.   
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 20, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. H. C. McDaniel.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message of the President of the United
States, communicating, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate, of the 14th of June last, requesting
a list of the claims of citizens of the United States
against foreign Governments, a report of the Sec-
retary of State, with the documents accompanying
it; which was laid on the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN subsequently said: Mr. Pres-
ident, whilst my back was turned for a moment
this morning, a communication of the Department
of State was, as I understand, laid on the table.
That communication was addressed to the Senate
in response to a resolution passed at my instance
at the last session. It contains a statement of all
the claims of citizens of the United States against
foreign nations, as I understand—adocumcntthat
I deem to be absolutely necessary to the discus-
sion of ourforeign relations, which will probably
take place very soon in the Senate. I move that
it be printed; and'whilst so moving, I desire to
state that wnen that subjectshall come up I shall
offer a bill which I have in my hand as a substi-
tute for the bill reported by the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations, [Mr.
Mason,] whom I do not see in his seat this morn-
ing; and I ask the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate that this bill be printed as a proposed substi-
tute for the bill (No. 500) authorizing the President
of the United States to use the publicforce of the
United States in the cases therein specified, which
has been reported from that committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The motion to print the communication
of the Department will go to the Committee on
I Printing.
i Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely ask that this bill
| be printed informally, as a substitute to be offered
I hereafter, for the bill of the Senator from Virginia.
| The motion to print the substitute was agreed to.
j COURT OF CLAIMS.
; The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
' a letter from the clerk of the Court of Claims, re-
j turning, in compliance with a resolution of the
1 Senate, the petition and papers in the case of Cap-
! tain John B De Treville; which was ordered to
; lie on the table.
j ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
j The VICE PRESIDENT signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolution, which had here- |
i tofore received the signature of the Speaker of ;
\ the House of Representatives: < j
,! A bill for the relief of James G. Holmes; ;
An act to provide for holding the courts of the
United States in the State of Alabama; and
A joint resolution authorizing Townsend Har-
ris, United States consul general at Japan, and
H.C.I. Henskin, respectively, to accept a snuff-
box from her Majesty the Gtueen of England.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives yesterday, were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands:
A bill (Ho. 551) to protect the fund for schoo1
purposes, in Sarpy county, Nebraska Territory;
A bill (No. 683) recognizing the survey of the
Grand Cheniere Island, State of Louisiana, as
approved by the surveyor general, and for other
purposes;
A bill (No. 801) to fix and regulate the com-
pensation of receivers and registers of the land
offices, under the provisions of the act approved
April 20, 1818; ; *
A bill (No. 802) providing for satisfying claims
for bounty land, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 803) to amend an act entitled "An
act authorizing repayment for land erroneously
sold by the United States;"
A bill (No. 804) to authorize settlers upon six-
teenth and thirty-sixth sections, who settled be-
fore the surveys of the public lands, to preempt
their settlements; and
A bill (No. 805) to run and mark and establish
the western boundary of the State of Minnesota.
MOBILE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
The bill (II. R. No. 669) for the relief of the
Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to put that bill on its passage now. It is
a matter in which the Government has no inter-
est, the title to the land having long since been
transferred to the State of Mississippi; but the
State gave the lands to a railroad company, and
they sold them before the title was perfected in
thS State. Some of our courts have ruled that a
title purchased from the railroad company is not
perfect; and all that is designed by this bill is to
quiet the titles of private purchasers from the
railroad company.
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
As the State of Mississippi, by its act approved
the 28th January, 1852, and the State of Alabama,
by its act approved December 1, 1851, trans-
ferred to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company
the lands which were granted to those States un-
der the provisions of the act of Congress approved
the 20th September, 1850, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Mobile to the mouth of
the Ohio river, the transfers of those States to the,
company are by this act recognized, ratified, and
confirmed, and the title of all bona fide purchasers
from the company are also confirmed, and the
time limited by the original act of Congress for
the completion of the railroad is extended. The
company is allowed until the 20th December,
1865, to complete the road.
Mr. STUART. Is there any report accom-
panying that bill?
Mr. BROWN. It is a House bill.
Mr. STUART. I understand that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
report that the Chair is aware of.
Mr. STUART. I think that is a matter which
ought to be examined. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Mississippi has made a statement about
it; but still I hope he will allowit to lie over until
to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. I stated, but I will state it again
for the benefit of the Senator from Michigan, that
the title has long since passed from the Govern-
ment into the hands of the States of Mississippi
and Alabama, and they gave the land to the rail-
road company, for whose benefit those States
received it from the Federal Government. The
company have gone on to sell the land; but some
of the courts have ruled that the title of the pur-
chaser is not perfect, since the State gave it to the
railroad company before she had her own patent
from the General Government. She has her patent
now, and all that this bill is designed to do is sim-
ply to perfect the title.
Mr, STUART. The danger in the case is sim-
