1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1559
ate, upon its policy or impolicy. The constitu-
tionality of it is involved in that question. We
decide it when we act upon the proposition. I
say it is not a question of order; or if it be a
question of order, it is not a proposition to raise
revenue in the constitutional sense of the term.
I oppose the form in which the question is put,
on the ground that it is calculated to curtail and
diminish the proper power of this body.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to understand how
the question stands. The Chair withdrew its
decision pronouncing this amendment out of or-
der, and decided that it would refer the question
to the Senate. The honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky objects to that disposition of it. What
now is the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will answer the Senator from New York that he
deems it his duty, when a question of order is
made under the rules, either to submit it to the
Senate, or to decide it himself. In this ease, he
thinks the Senator from Kentucky is correct in
saying it is a question which should be decided
by the Senate; and, therefore, the Ohair submits
to the Senate the question of order. Will the
Senate receive this amendment?
Mr. SEWARD. On that, then, I wish to have
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I remember the case al-
luded to by the Chair, though I do not recollect
exactly the manner in which it was ultimately
disposed of. Bat this, it seems, has come to be
a question for the Senate, for it appears that the
Chair considers it his duty to submit the question
to the Senate. I do not know that there is any
use to speak at all on the subject, for Senators are
not disposed to give much attention to aqueetion
of order; but I can hardly conceive a more im-
portant question than this. I agree entirely with
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, that as a
question of order, the Senate have no more power
over it than the Chair, and the fact that the Chair
chooses to submit it to the Senate does not alter
the character of the question, ty is still submitted
as a mere question of order. I protest against a
decision on a point of order, deciding a constitu-
tional question, either by the Senate or by the
Chair. Our great constitutional rights and privi-
leges are involved in no such little contingency as
^the decision of a point of order.
It is the business of the Chair to administer the
rules and orders of the Senate—not the Constitu-
tion, not the laws of the United States. It cannot
be made a point of order to the Chair that such
and such a proceeding which is proposed, is con-
trary to law. There may be a question whether
it is contrary to the rules of the House, but not
whether it is contrary to the law of the land.
That is not a question of order; that is a question
to be considered in passing upon the merits of the
proposition—not as preliminary to considering
the subject. Whether a thing be unconstitutional
or not, is frequently a very vexed question—a
question upon which great varieties of opinion are
entertained, and which, it is said, may be ulti-
mately decided by the judiciary. That certainly
cannot be decided, either by the Chair or by the
Senate, as a question of order. I know they may
exercise the power, but 1 say they have no right
so to decide it. I know that a majority may, by
the mere exercise of force and power, put down
a question altogether, and say they will not en-
tertain it in any way, call it by bad names, say it
is unconstitutional, and all that, but I say they
have no right so to strangle any question.
Is it true that great questions ot constitutional
power are to be discusscd and decided upon a
mere point of order? I should like to know how,
if the Senate should make a mistake m that re-
spect, it can ever get to the SupremeCourt? How
can the ultimate tribunal ever pass on a great
question of constitutional power, if it may be
strangled here by a mere point of order?
Mr. President, I insist that whatever topic may
be before the Senate, if a question of order arises,
nothing which goes to the merits of the proposi-
tion, nothing which goes to convince a Senator
that he ought to vote for it or against it, can ever •
be a question of order. That is a question as to
the merits of the proposition, and not a question
of order. If the proposition now presented to
the Senate is unconstitutional; if it comes within
the prohibition of the Constitution providing that
bills for raising revenue shall originate only in
the House of Representatives, that would be a
proper matter of argument to Senators why they
ought not to vote for it as an original measure
here in the Senate; that to pass a proposition here
of that kind, unless it came to us from the House
of Representatives, would be a disregard of the
Constitution—that would be an argument to use to
the body of the Senate on the merits of the question
itself, as the constitutional power of passing any
measure always is and always should be. When-
ever any measure is presented here, it is open to
the objection of unconstitutionality. It is a good
argument to urge that wc have not the constitu-
tional power to pass it, but it is not a point of
order.
I say, then, the idea of treating this question as
a point of order ought to be discarded. It is a
point upon the merits of the case. Though the
Chair may, undoubtedly, present to the Senate a
question of order which arises, a (fonstitutional
question is not a matter of order within the rules
of the Senate, but is involved in the merits of the
proposition, and is to be decided by the Senate
when they vote on the proposition itself.
Mr. BIGLER. I agree entirely with the view
presented by the Senator from Vermont. This is
not a question of order. I know of no rule of the
Senate by which a member of this body is required
to know that a proposition which he is about to
submit for consideration is constitutional or un-
constitutional. That is undoubtedly a question
for the body to consider in reference to every
measure; and it is true, as the Senator from Ver-
mont has said, that if it be unconstitutional in the
judgment of any Senator, that is a conclusive rea-
son why he should vote against it; but, sir, I
*know of no rule of the Senate which prevents the
submission of a proposition on my part, or on
your part, which may not be admissible under
the Constitution. That involves a wider, and
much more important, question than one of rule.
I do not intend to pursue the question of order.
I only desired the floor to express a few views
and sentiments in reference to the proposition it-
self, and m doing that, I claim that I am meeting
the question of order. I would not vote for a
proposition which, to my mind, infringed the
Constitution of the United States. I do not think
the proposition of the Senator from Rhode Island
liable to clear objection on that point. I agree
that, much can be said to that effect; but not so
much, nor so effectually, as could the argument
have been made here a year ago against the ori-
gination, in this body, of a bill for a loan of
$20,000,000. The Secretary of the Treasury
showed us, in his annual report of that year, that
the Treasury was deficient; that it was nccessary
immediately to raise revenue. How was that rev-
enue raised* Raised by the introduction of a hill
into the Senate. True, it was a loan bill, and it
may be said it was not the exercise of a taxing
power; buttaxes were the inevitable consequence.
That loan necessarily must be paid back, and
taxes are necessary to pay it. The point of dis-
tinction against the origination of a loan bill in
the Senate, on the ground that it creates a neces-
sity for increased duties or taxes, is, to my mind,
stronger than the argument made against the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island. If
the Senate exercises a power which requires the
popular branch to originate a revenue measure, is
not that a more dangerous ground than that on
which the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island is based? It is not aproposition to increase
the rates of duty; it is only a proposition under
which the receipts to the Treasury will be larger,
with the same rates. 1 agree that, if the Senator
from Rhode Island, or any other Senator, pro-
posed a bill here to increase the rates of duty, it
would be m clear conflict with the Constitution of
the United States. The Senator from Ken^acky
has illustrated that we could object, on the same
ground on which this proposition is objected to,
to any law punishing or preventing fraud, tor the
reason that the result would be that the receipts
to the Treasury would be larger, and therefore the
measure would be unconstitutional.
There is another view of the subject, to my
mind, that is not without its weight. It is espe-
cially forcible in reference to my own case; be-
cause I stand here under very positive and rigid
instructions from my State. All through this ses-
sion, it has been evident that one of two things
must be done, and done promptly. Either you
must borrow money by loan, or by authorizing
the reissue of the Treasury notes, or you must
increase the revenues. In the popular branch,
where there has been a struggle on this question,
every vote has shown an overwhelming majority
in favor of readjusting your revenue laws, on the
ground that the revenue was insufficient, but there
was not two thirds. Both propositions will be
here. I shall not undertake t© say that the prop-
osition of the Senator from Rhode Island will
answer the purpose; it is too new and peculiar in
its characteristics to warrant me in expressing
this opinion. I do not know that it could be suc-
cessfully administered. I take it, however, that
he has considered it well, and that it would be a
very useful measure, not in the way of increasing
the rates of duty, but increasing the revenue under
the same rates. It, at all events, will bring the
subject before Congress, and bring it there prompt-
ly. The alternatives will be whether we shall
borrow money without making provision for its
payment, or whether, whilst meeting the present
exigencies of the Government by allowing the
reissue of the Treasury notes, we shall at the
same time ttfke such steps as will secure their
prompt payment, and thereby arrest the creation
of public debt.
Mr. President, I shall not trouble the Senate at
this time with any extended allusion to the con-
dition of the Treasury. I have done that before.
I only intend to reiterate the opinion which I have
expressed previously, that, under our present rev-
enue law, when we shall have reduced the expend-
itures to the lowest point we can reach, this Gov-
ernment will go on running in debt day after day,
and month after month, and year after year, until
you change the revenue law. That is my opin-
ion, after all the examination I can give the sub-
ject; and for that reason, more than any other, t
shall endeavor to get this question before Con-
gress, even at this late hour.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, there have
been, during the last six years, a considerable
number of persons who have occupied the chair
of the Senate at different times; and I feel very
free to confess, for one, to the opinion that, at no
time, has there ever been in the chair a man of
clearer head and more discriminating judgment
than its present occupant, [Mr. Stuart.] At the
same time, I must express my surprise at the
course which the Chair has adopted on this so-
called question of order. I think all agree that,
if it is a question of order which can be referred
by the Chair as such to the Senate to decide, it is
also a question of order which the Chair itself can
decide, and is not obliged to refer to the Senate;
and I state this point because 1 prefer to have the
question simplified, so as to examine whether it
is such a question of order as the person occupy-
ing the chair at the time is entitled to decide, m
order to determine the course of business.
Suppose the question to still stand for the con-
sideration of the Chair, and suppose the Chair to
decide that the amendment is out of order: what
is the consequence? The consequence is, that the
proposition will not be debated at all. In that
case—I waive any consideration of appeal—the
Senate cannot consider the question. It is, there-
fore, competent for the Chair to decide, practi-
cally, that 'the Senate shall not discuss the ques-
tion of substituting, in our system of revenue
laws, specific for ad valorem duties. This is a
great power that, in that case, is supposed to be
assumed by the Chair, to cut off all the debates
of the Senate of the United States upon a question
of this interest and magnitude. That it is one of
interest, and one of magnitude, everybody will
confess. This, therefore, is giving the Presiding
Officer a power greater than that which would be
established by the adoption ot an order for the
previous question in the Senate. It is determin-
ing what, upon a great question of finance, shall
be the range of debate on the merits of proposi-
tionstpresented to the Senate of the United States.
It extends not only to this particular case, but, on
the same principle, all other questions of a simi-
lar nature would be referred to the Chair as ques-
tions of order, and the Chair would become an
umpire to restrict debate according to its prefer-
ences, even according to its caprices; and that
