1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up the invalid pension bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 662) making ap-
propriations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States, for the yearending
the 30th of June, 3860, the pending question be-
ing on the amend.ment offered by the Committee
on Finance to insert the following as a new sec-
tion:
Sec. 2. Jhid he it further enacted, That from and after the
1st (lay of July 1859, the present agencies for the payment
of pensions be, and the same are hereby, abolished, and that
the duties heietofore performed hy the agents shall be dis-
charged by the officet s named in the sixth section of the
act entitled " An act to provide for the organization or the
Treasury, and forthecollection,safe-keeping, transfer,and
disbursement of the public revenue," approved August 6,
1846, and in" the manner piescribed by that act: Provided,
however, That the said ofticeis shall not be allowed any ad-
ditional compensation for the discharge of the duties im-
posed on them by the said sixth section of the act aforesaid
as heiein prescribed.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Maine in-
forms me that he withdraws his objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance, to insert the following as an additional
section:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further chat-ted, That in all cases of appli-
cation for the payment of pensions to invalids under the sev-
eral laws of Congress granting pensions to invalids, the affi-
davit of two surgeons or physicians, whose credibility as
such shall be ceitified by the magistrate before whom the af-
fidavit is made, slating the continuance of the disability for
which the pension was oi igmally gianted, (describing it,) and
the rate of such disability at the tune of making the affidavit,
shall accompany the application of the first payment, which
shall fall due upon a day m the fiscal year for which pro-
vision is made herein, to be declared by the Secretary of
the Interior, and ot the end of every two years thereafter ;
and if in a case of continued disability it shall be stated at a
rate below that foi wbicli the pennon was originally granted,
the applicantshall onlybe paid at the rate stated in the affi
davit: Provided, Thai where the pension shall have been
originally granted lor a total disability, in consequence of
the loss of a limb, or other cause which cannot, either in
whole or in part, be removed, the above.affidavit shall not
be necessaiy to entitle the applicant to payment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand the bill,
as amended, it dispenses with pension agents. I
am glad to see a bill brought in here to dispense
■with some of the supernumerary officers of the
Government; but in doing that, and in casting
their duties on other officers, it occurs to me that
it may be necessary to have a provision requiring
additional security. These pension agents dis-
burse large amounts of money . We have no sub-
Treasury in the State of Illinois; and suppose
some postmaster should be selected to perform
these duties, and thousands and tens of thousands
of dollars should be placed in his hands to be paid
out to pensioners: the men who went security
on his official bond as postmaster never contem-
plated such a duty as this being imposed on him,
and might be very unwilling to stand as security
for its performance. His bond may not be suf-
ficient. Perhaps this may all be regulated by the
Department; but it seems tomeit would be proper
to put in the law a provision requiring additional
security. I suggest it. If it is sufficiently guarded,
I have no objection to the bill, and it has my sup-
port, as any other bill will have which has a ten-
dency to dispense with the supernumerary officers
of the Government.
Mr. HUNTER. We supposed the security
was given in the original bond for the discharge
of the duties imposed on them by law; and these
duties were imposed on them before they gave the.
bond under the sixth section of the sub-Treasury
law. We are providing that that law shall be
enforced. It was with reference to that taw that
they gave their bonds. I presume that will secure
it. If it will not, I have no objection to any other
provision that will insure it. It seems to me the
original bond is security.
Mr. TRUMRULL. The bond probably would
not be in a sufficient sum to afford security in such
a case. The bond taken from postmasters is not
tn a very large penalty, I apprehend; and this bill
may place in the hands of such officers a consider-
able amount of money.
Mr. HUNTER. It has been suggested by my
friend from Michigan, that the Department fixed
the amount. The law does not fix it; but the
Department will require such bond as is neces-
sary.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is another suggestion
which I think is worthy of the attention of the
chairman of the committee who lifts reported this
bill, and it applies to the first amendment. It
provides that the persons designated shall per-
form the service withoutadditionalcompensation.
Well, let me assume, what I presume will be the
case in some instances, that the duty is imposed
upon a collector of the customs, he being one of
the officers named in the section of the law to
which this act refers: what constitutes the com-
pensation of a collector now? Fees of office and
commissions on moneys collected and paid out.
There is an existing law, which says, that upon
all moneys which go into the collector's hands to
be paid out, he shall have a percentage. This bill
says there shall be no additional compensation for
• this service; but he will claim the percentage on
disbursing this money, under the law that now
exists, because that law regulates the mode and
manner in which he is to be paid for all moneys
that go into his hands. I think, under that clause
as it stands, if the duty is devolved on a collector,
he will come in, claim his commission, and have
it allowed; and thus you will only transfer the
office from one person, who gets his pay by a
commission now, to another who will get his
commission under this bill. I am not prepared,
at this time, to say what is the percentage al-
lowed ill either case. With collectors the per-
centage varies. "When the amount is large, the
percentage is less; when the amount is small the
percentage is larger. If there be a reformation
in this matter, the bill ought to be so guarded as 
to effect the object which the Senator fiom Vir-
ginia seeks to accomplish by it. I doubt viry
much whether the provisions he has proposed will
do so.
Mr. HUNTER. I had supposed the section
was so explicit that these officers could not, by
any possibility, receive any additional compensa-
tion for the discharge of these duties; but if the
Senator from Maine will suggest any language
that is more explicit—I confess I cannot—I am
willing to adopt it. The object is to prevent their
getting any additional compensation.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Maine is a
little mistakiyi about the compensation or collec-
tors. They get no pay for money which they
pay out, except in one single instance, and that is
for light-house expenses, and there they get $400
and no more. Their compensation is made up of
fees on collections, with a certain limitation pre-
scribed in the law. The law positively prohibits
them from receiving any compensation for mon-
eys paid out, except the light-house establish-
ment, and there it is limited to $400.
Mr. STUART.-1 should like to hear that part
of the section, fixing the limitation alluded to by
the Senator from Maine, read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" Provuled, however. That the, said officers shall not lie al-
lowed any additional compensation for the discharge of the
duties imposed on them by the said sixth section ol the act
aforesaid, as herein prescribed.53
The amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole, were concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. It
was read the third time and passed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to consider the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have to appeal to my hon-
orable friend from California, to allow me to call
up a bill, as there are a few minutes of the morn-
ing hour still left. I allude to the ease of Lau-
rent, one of the hardest eases thatever came before
the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. Permit me to suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota, that to-morrow
is private bill day, during-which the Senator's
bill may be reached. But if that should be im-
probable, one hour is to be devoted to the recep-
tion of reports and other kindred business, and
then the Senator may have time to call up the bill
which he m ves the Senate now to consider, I
hope the Senator will defer his motion until to-
morrow, that we may devote this day to the rail-
road bill. If he assents to my suggestion, to-mor-
row he shall have my support for the motion
which he now makes.
Mr. SHIELDS. This is a very hard case;
but if the Senator will give me his assistance to-
morrow, T will yield to him now.'
Mr. STUART. I am in favor of the motion'
made by the honorable Senator from California
but I ask the indulgence of the Senator and' the
Senate for a few minutes, while I state what I
may not have an opportunity to state again. I
am, and have been always since the subject has
been agitated, decidedly in favor of the construc-
tion of a railroad to the Pacific. This bill has
occupied a large share of the time of the present
Congress. After consuming a very considerable
ampunt of the time of the last session, a motion
was made which disposed of it for that session*
It has occupied almost all the time of the present
session, and actingunder the belief that it would'
be impracticable to agree among the friends of
the measure upon the details of a bill which could
be passed, I have, whenever a motion has beer
made within the last week the effect oLwhich was
to finally dispose of the bill, voted Wr it. My-
object in rising now is to place myself beyond the-
possibility of misapprehension in consequence of
those votes. I have not said a word upon this*
subject before. I have sat here a silent listener
during the whole of this session, ready to vota'
and anxious to vole on any proposition made
connected with this subject. I shall do that here-
after. I do not believe that a proposition can be
submitted which will call forth from me any re-
marks. In saying this, sir, I must not even by
inference be supposed to find any fault with gen-
tlemen who have seen fit to debate it. I am sim-
| fily explaining my own position. I shall continue
to-day or hereafter, according to the pleasure of'
the Senate, to give assiduous attention to this
I measure and in the hope that something can be
| agreed upon by which such a work will be con-
I siructcd. But, sir, there may be questions sub-
mitted to the Senate hereafter which will induce
me to give a vote which will look to the disposi-
tion of the subject. These votes, like those that
have been given heretofore, will not be indicative
of any want of favor for this or any similar
measure.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
and the Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 65) to authorize the President of the
United States to contract for the transportation
of the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war,
Army and Navy supplies, and all other Govern-
ment service, by railroad from the Missouri river
to San Francisco, in the State of California.
Mr. PUGH. With the unanimous consent of
the Senate, I ask leave to withdraw my amend-
ment for the present, in order to enable the Sena-
tor from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] to have a vote
on his substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection. The amendment is with-
drawn.
Mr. DAVIS. I now ask the Senate to consider
the proposition which was some time since sub-
mitted by me. It is to strike out all afler the en-
acting clause of the bill, and insert a substitute.
The substitute is as follows:
That the President of the United States be, and is hereby,
authorized and directed to advertise for proposals to es-
tabl^h railway communication acioss the territory of the
United States, and thus to connect the States of the Atlan-
tic and the Pacific, and to contract for the transpoitation,
upon said railroad, of tile United States mails, tioops, sea-
men, munitions of war, supplies for the Army and Navy,
and all other Government seivice.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the party con-
tacting to establish said railway communication shall be
required to consti uct the railroad in a substantial and work-
manlike manner, equal in all respects to railroads of the
first class, with all the necessary drains, culverts, bridges,
viaduetb, crossings, turnouts, stations, and wateringplaces,
and all other appurtenances, including equipment and roll-
ing stock. And the said railroad, with all its appurtenances
and equipment, shall be finished and put into complete
operation witlim the period of ten years from the execution
of the contiact. . .
Sec* 3. Jiml he it further enacted, That, to aid in the
construction of said road, there shall bp, and is hereby, ap-
propriated and set apart the alternate sections} of public
land, for the space of six miles on each side of said road,
to be held and-conveyed as iiereiu provided. The alternate
sections hereby appropriated shall be thos.e designated in
the public surveys by odd numbers; and the contracting
party receiving lands under the provisions oi this act s-hall
be requned to bell, and unconditionally convey, one half of
the same within live years from and alter Use issuing ol the
patents lor the same, and the remaining half within ten
years from the issuing of the- patents; and all said lands not
so alienated shall revert to and become the property of the
United States.
Sec, 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the party with
