im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-'
March 2,
would be to refer to the Vice President of the
United States, who has no voice in debate here,
a power to determine what subjects shall be de-
bated, and what not.
Having thus shown the importance of the ques-
tion, I propose now to consider, very briefly, what
are the subjects presented by this supposed ques-
tion of order. It involves two subjects: one, that
of the operation of a system of specific duties in
regard to the increase or diminution of the reve-
nue. It involves the great question, the question
so long debated, and even debated here vigorously
during the present session, whether it be true, as
the President of the United States has declared,
that specific duties will have the effect to augment
the revenue, or whether they will not. That is a
speculative question, a financial question, a scien-
tific question, a philosophical question; and it is
to be determined by the lights of experience and
by the suggestions of reason. It is a question
yet, and must remain so, until there can be a
fair and complete comparison between the two
systems of ad valorem and specific duties, which
will have the effect of augmenting the revenue.
But suppose it is clear that the Chair can clearly
assume that the effect of specific duties would be
to augment the revenue beyond what is already
enjoyed or obtained under the system of ad valo-
rem uuties: it is apparent to every one that that
effect is a result, an indirect consequence, and that
it is an indirect consequence and result of a policy
which aims at the establishment of a different
puneiple, and which does not necessanly involve
at all any augmentation of revenue. Suppose it
should be ascertained by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States that the collectors of the ports of New
York, New Orieans, and San Francisco were in
the habit of abstracting from the duties which
they received some sum for perquisites, and of
withholding it from theTieasury; and suppose a
measure should bo proposed winch wpuld promise
to be effective to suppress that fraudulent prac-
tice, and compel those officeis to deposit m the
Treasury all the moneys which they should actu-
ally receive from public duties: every one can see
that this would have the effect to augment the
revenue of the United States, but the act itself
would he that of the prevention of frauds and
crimes against the United States. Smuggling di-
minishes the revenues of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. Suppose we had ascertained that there
was a wide indulgence in the practice of smug-
gling, and that Congress, on a leport of the Ju-
diciaiy Committee, should be brought to entei-
tain a bill for the purpose of increasing and icn-
dering more efficient the penal laws against smug-
gling, that would have the elleet indirectly to
swell the revenues of the United States; but that
would be a consequence, a result. The consid-
eration of augmenting the revenues does not ne-
cessarily enter into the consideration of the wis-
dom or justice of that measure. This measure is
precisely in character similar to that. What is
complaint! of is, that false and fabi icated invoices
are made, by which the value of an article im-
poited is diminished ni the accounts rendered to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and this amend-
ment proposes to adopt just such measures as
will secure true and just valuations. An indirect
consequence and result of that will be (he increase
of the revenue, ltis manifest, therefore, that this
consideration of whether the measuie proposed
by the Senator from Rhode Island will result in-
directly in tlie inciease of revenue is a question
which addresses itself to the judgment of the Sen-
ate as a matter of political science, and as a mat-
ter of experience; and such a question mustnever
be made the ground of a point of order.
The question of order embraces still another
proposition, which has been commented on so
well and so strongly by the Senator from Ken-
tucky and the Senator ftom Veunont, that 1 need
not dwell upon it, which is, that, beyond and be-
sides the question of political science with regard
to whatsystem of collection of the revenue is best,
there is the further question whether this meas-
ure, resulting in the augmentation of revenue, if
those who favor it are right, will be in conflict,
with that provision of the Constitution which de-
clares that the House of Representatives alone
shall have the power to originate measures for
raising revenue. That is a question of constitu-
tional law; and no question of constitutional law
can be treated in any case or in any way as aques-
tion of order., What is order ? Is it the manner
in which the legitimate business of the Senate
shall be conducted? The title of our rules shows
this. What are they? "Rules for conducting
business in the Senate of the United States." Our
rules are not a commentary on the Constitution
of the United States, showing what is consistent
or inconsistent, what is congruous or incongruous
to the Constitution of the United States; but they
are simply rules for conducting the order of busi-
ness. Any Senator who will turn to the index of
the rules will find that they relate, all of them, to
business of this kind; the absence of members
from the Senate; to addresses to be made to the
President of the United States; to divisions; to
the calling of the yeas and nays; to amendments;
to ballots; to the form of bills; to the mode of pro-
ceeding about them; and throughout all our rules
there is not one which relates or pertains to the
Constitution of the United States; nor is the Con-
stitution of the United States referred to in a rule
of the Senate.
The Chair, being supposed all along in the ar-
gument which I am making, to have the power
to decide this question of order, is presumed, by
those who maintain that it is a question of order,
to have power to determine for the Senate of the
United States what policy conforms to the Con-
stitution, and what policy derogates from it, and
so to cut olf from consideration"by the Senate at
his own ipse dixit every measure which he thinks
is in contravention of the Constitution of the
United Stales, it seems to me a strange infatua-
tion^ singular heresy, to suppose that the great
questions of constitutional law arc to be referred
in any ease to the Presiding Officer of the Senate,
especially under our lules of order. If there is
any rule of order which will authorize the Presi-*
dent of tiio Senate or a temporary Presiding Offi-
cer to decide such a question for the Senate of
| the United States, it is one which I have been
unable to find, and it would be necessary to find
a Presiding Officer of greater wisdom, of greater
virtue, of greater learning, than the whole Senate
of the United States, before I should be willing
to trust him with the decision of such questions
for me, or for the other members of the Senate.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, this is the first
time I have ever heard the position taken in the
Senate that the Constitution was nota rule to con-
trol the action of this body. The Senator from
Pennsylvania made a remark which struck me
with utter astonishment, that when any individual
member of the Senate made a proposition, it was
not for him to know whether it came within the
provisions of the Constitution or not. Why, sir,
lie daie not propose that which, m his judgment,
is contrary to the Constitution.
Mr. BIGLER. I know the Senator does not
desire to misquote me. I said I knew of no rule
of this body requiring him to know it. There is
a great difference of opinion about constitutional
questions, and, of course, no Senator would
knowingly or intentionally propose an unconsti-
tutional measure; but I said there was no rule re-
quiring a member to know that his proposition
was unconstitutional.
Mr. GREEN. It amounts to the same thing.
Does the Constitution control the action of this
body or not? When propositions arc presented
directly in conflict with the Constitution—propo-
sitions made which the Constitution has said shall
not be made—is it not competent for the Presid-
ing Officer first to decide, or may not the Presid-
ing Officer submit it to the Senate, and is it not
the duty of the Senate to adhere to the Constitu-
tion and rule out every proposition that proposes
to violate the Constitution ? Suppose we were in
executive session, and a treaty were under con-
sideration, and the Senator from New York
should make a proposition to ratify that treaty by
a majority: could the Senate entertain the prop-
osition ? Could he say there was no rule of the
Senate to prohibit it ?
Is not the Constitution of the United States to
control this body? It is the paramount law; and
the simple rules adopted for convenience here are
all,subordinate to the Constitution. If there were
a single rule adopted by this body as a rule of
convenience in the mode of conducting its busi-
ness, which should contravene a provision of the
Constitution, it would be null and void; and it
would be the duty of this body so to decide. The
Senator from New York asks, what are rules?
The mode of conducting the legitimate business
of the Senate, is his*answer. That brings up
this: what is the legitimate business of the Sen-
ate? Nothing is the legitimate business of the
Senate but that which the Constitution confides
to our care and authorizes us to take into our
hands. Rules are to control us in the conduct of
our legitimate business, the Senator says. Is it
legitimate to do that whicfr the Constitution pro-
hibits? I should be insulting the intelligence of
the Senate of the United States to make an argu-
'ment on a point so palpable as that.
The simple question, then, is, does this prop-
osition conflict with the Constitution or not? The
Constitution says, all bills for raising revenue
shall originate in the House of Representatives.
The power of taxation has been considered a very
delicate power; and the more immediate and di-
rect Representatives of the people, it was thought,
ought to be intrusted with that power, rather
than those more remote from the people. This
was copied from the Constitution and practice of
Great Britain, where the Commons originate rev-
enue bills, and the Lords concur or non-concur.
The Constitution says, all bills for raising rev-
enue shall originate in the House of Represent-
atives. Does this proposition of the Senator
from Rhode Island propose to raise revenue? The
Senator from Kentucky, with his ingenuity,says
it is only for the prevention of fraud. Now, let
me put a question to eveiy Senator who is sup-
porting this proposition: if the law, as it now
stands, be executed honestly, faithfully, and
truly, and this provision should be adopted, and
should be executed honestly, faithfully, and truly,
will they both yield the same revenue? I can
demonstrate that such is not the case. It pro-
poses a home-valuation. The argument is, that
it is to prevent fraud. What is a home-valu-
ation ? The original price of the articles, the
transportation, the insurance, and interest. Here
ar« three items superadded to the original cost,
upon which yourper centum must be laid. Under
the existing revenue law, as it originated in the
House of Representatives, and passed Che Senate,
and now exists as the law of the lahd, the Gov-
ernment only taxes the article according to its
original cost. Under the provision now proposed,
you will not only tax the article at its original*
cost, but tax the insurance, tax the transporta-
tion, and tax the interest.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator allow me
to make a suggestion at this point?
Mr GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no difficulty at all
in relation to the Senator's argument upon the
merits of the amendment; but my difficulty lies
here: I agree, so far as I am at present advised,
with the Senator from Kentucky and the Senator
from Vermont, that there can be no question of
order as to the constitutional power of the Senate.
In other words, this is my difficulty: taking it
for granted that this proposition is unconstitu-
tional, can anybody rise and object to a proposi-
tion as out of order because it is unconstitutional?
Is not that an objection to the passage of the
measure ?
The Senator will allow me one word more, be-
cause I should be glad to have my doubts dis-
pelled if I am wrong. The 6th rule of the Senate
is in these words:
"If any member, in speaking, or otherwise, trans^re^s
the rules ot the Senate, tlie Presiding Officer shall, or <iuy
member may, call to ordei ; and when a memhei vJinll | t;
called to oider by the President, or a Senator, he shall Mt
down, and -shall hoi proceed without leave of the Senate.'7
All these rules of the Senate, as I understand,
have been correctly qualified by the Senator from
New York as mere rules governing our proceed-
ings, regulations made by the Senate itself, for
preserving its own mode of proceedings. Now
suppose, to-monow, I were to offer a bill here,
providing for the election of a king in each State:
could any member rise and say that that was not
in order? It would be in order to ofFer the bill.
It would be a ridiculous, an absurd, an unconsti-
tutional bill, but that would not be a question of
order. That is my present impression. I do not
see how this can be considered a question of
order.
Mr. GREEN. I will answer the Senator.
