1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 2«
do not think he is, that if a measure originated
in the Senate and became a law of the United States
by the concurrence of the House of Represent-
atives, the Supreme Court or any other court
would go behind the passage of the act to find out
where it originated. No, sir; they would look at
the face of the law and inquire whether it was a
law that Congress could pass.
This then, Mr. President, is a question to be
decided by the Senate alone in the exercise of its
authority to originate bills, not to pass laws, be-
cause the bill may be defeated here; but it is a
power to originate. Can a revenue bill originate
here ? Everybody in the Senate says, no. Then
the question is, is this a bill of that character?
Not would it be constitutional if passed ? but is it
a bill of the character which the Constitution pro-
hibits you from originating in the Senate?
.Mr. SIMMONS. 1 gave way, about an hour
and a half ago, for the decision of a question of
order. I thought I was speaking rather against
order, and therefore I sat down without explain-
ing my proposition. I am very glad, though,
that I have heard this discussion; because I have
heard a great deal about questions of order, if 1
did not know anything about them before. 1
wish now merely to say a few words to Senators
who assert so confidently that my proposition is
to raise revonue. I say that, so far as my com-
prehension goes, if the Senatorfrom Virginia can
propose a Treasury-note bill as an amendment to
a bill which originated in the House of Repre-
sentatives—and 1 think he can—1 can move to
amend that amendment in any form I please. The
bill on which we both propose to ingraft ail
amendment did originate in the House of Repre-
sentatives. Let us suppose that the House ap-
propriate $20,000,000 of money, and the Senate
conclude to concur, provided they will raise the
money that in appropriated by Treasury notes:
that is the real proposition before us. 1 propose
to concur in raising the Treasury notes, if you
will stop cheating, so th^t we can pay the notes.
It seems to me that it is all legitimate.
The practice of Congress has been alluded to.
Well, sir, we originated a loan bill in this body
at the last session, and it went to the House of
Representatives. I proposed a similar amend-
ment then, and it was ruled out of order. Our bill
was sent to the House of Representatives; but
they would not act on it, but originated a new loan
bill themselves, anil sent it to us. In the opinion
of the House of Representatives, we cannot origin-
ate such a bill as this amendment of the Senator
from Virginia; but I shall be able to show the
Senate, I think, that my proposition is not liable
to any of the objections urged against it.
The existing law requires the collector to take
the duty in the article itself where he suspects
that there is an under-valuatioii. I propose sim-
ply to say that, in all cases, he shall do so. It
does not vary the law any more than instructions
from us to a Department. I propose to instruct
him to take the duties in kind m all cases where
it is practicable. All the rest, of the proposition
is simply carrying out the plan and disposing of
the m tides after you have got them. I would
almost as soon strike out that portion as not, be-
cause it docs not change the character of the
proposition; it is merely a mode by which the
importer ran control what is left of his invoice
after the duty is taken out. If this is hard on the
iuipoiier, 1 am willing to let him taljfc his goods,
and make him an allowance of live per cent, if he
takes our .diare of the goods. It is a mere matter
of detail. The law now is, that, whenever a col-
lector suspects that there is an under-valuation, he
shall take the dunes in kind. 1 say the practice
under this law is so manifestly wrong, that 1 pro-
pose io insiiuct the collectors, in all cases where
it is practicable, to take the duties in the articles
themselves, just as they do now when they sup-
pose them to be under-valued. 1 want to stop
false swearing and cheating in the custom-houses.
Gentlemen say this proposition necessarily in-
creases the revenue, and is, therufoie, unconstitu-
tional. Now, I want to put one ease to test this.
Everybody who is acquainted with the India
trade knows, that last year there was an average
loss of forty per cent, on all cargoes imported,
ami it broke nearly every India merchant in the
country. If we had taken the duties on those
cargoes in kind, we should only have got about
sixty per cent", of what the I'a,w Imposes. I want
to know if that would raise the revenue? We
should have got only two thirds of what the law
required, if we took the duty in the article itself,
because the goods had fallen. I say it is a fairer
way to take the duties. If goods fall, the Gov-
ernment can afford to share the loss; and if goods
rise, the importer can afford to give us the benefit
of the rise. That is the whole of it. I simply
propose that we take our percentage in the goods
themselves, and take all the risks of the adven-
ture as far as our proportion is concerned. If
they fall we get less; and if they rise we get
more. I say it is a good rule; and it is the law
now where under-valuation is suspected. I do
not change a percentage in any part of the law,
nor do X change the proportion that shall be taken,
nor the language of the law, for I have put this
provision in the words of the old law. All I say
is, that it shall be the duty of the collector to en-
force that provision in all cases, because it is
manifest to the country and the world that there
is a uniform practice of under-valuation. The
Senator from Missouri supposes the case of an
importation fairly valued. 1 say that is an ex-
ception to the rule. The rule is that they are
under-valued.
Now, if anybody has any kind of difficulty
about the details of this proposition as to dispos-
ing of the goods after we take them, I will strike
that all out. It is immaterial to me whether that
is retained or not. I put it in merely for the con-
venience of collectors and importers. I want to
deal liberally towards all. I am willing to say, if
that is the best method of disposing of the goods,
that the importer may take the goods, and 1 am
willing to give him five per cent, discount if he
takes our share, and add five per cent, profit if
we take his. That is fair. This part of the prop-
osition, however, is a mere matter of detail. The
principle involved in this amendment is, shall we,
or shall we not, enforce, in all cases, the present
rule for collecting duties, where there is under-
valuation, and take them in kind, in the article
itself. I say it is the faiiest way under every
circumstance. It is fairest when goods rise on the
voyage, and it is fairest when they fall on the
voyage.
1 say another thing; it will save half the trou-
ble of valuing goods, and prevent having a crowd
of officers to tell what they are worth in Shanghae,
in Canton, in Hong Kong, in Amoy, and other
foreign places, where it is utterly impossible to
find out what they are worth; where the artificial
exchange, of which I spoke the other day, oper-
ates, so that wedo not get more than twelve per
cent, actually for twenty fixed by law. I profess
to know something about the course of trade, if
I do not about points of order; and when I draw
a provision, I try to find out what is reasonable
and fair for all concerned. I wish to collect our
duties in a proper manner, so as to prevent the
present system, which is corrupting and corrupt-
ive; a system which allows men from foreign
countries to make their fortunes by fraudulent
invoices, and to retire back to the opposite side
of the water, where they belong, and where I
want to drive them, and lot honest American mer-
chants have something to do with the commerce
of the country, and let every place in the country
have a chance to import on equal terms with the
big cities. I would put them on one footing, and
have the duty invariably taken in the article it-
self. All the rest of the amendment is a matter
of detail, which I do not care about.
I dislike to put a salutary amendment on a
Treasuiy note bill, because 1 believe the Treas-
ury note bill is unpopular, and may break this
down with it; but it seemed to me germane, when
we were going to authorize the reissue of these
notes, to make provision for paying them. The
Senator from North Carolina said we did not get.
in debt by issuing them. How can he make that
out? The Senator from Virginia will not pre-
tend that we have $20,000,000 of Tieasury notes
out to-day. I think we had but $18,000,000 or
$19,000,000 out on the 1st of January; and we
know the banks have been sending them in, in the
last month, and the Department cannot reissue
any, so that there are not $20,000,000 out now.
The amendmentof the Finance Committee, then,
authorizes an increase of these duties. I do not
conceive, however, that that varies it; for when :
we authorize the reissue of j>20,000,000 of Treas-
ury notes, it is a new law, a new is'sue, and the
notes will be a new debt. To be sure, we shall
pay an old debt with part of the issue, and pay
currentexpenses with.the rest; and it is legitimate
for us to ao it in that way, if we have no other
means of doing it. I do not suppose we have; and
I shall very reluctantly do it, for I dislike to raise
money in this way; and I hope that next session
we shall take some of these Treasury notes up,
If we cannot take them all up, take up quarter of
them in the year, and try to get rid of them.
I believe, if Senators hqjje listened to me, they
will perceive that this is no proposition to change
the law at all, but a mere instruction to our rev-
enue officers to collect thf duties according to the
existing law, in all cases the same as they do now
when they suspect under-valuation, and dispense
with all oaths. I do not require any oaths as to
the value of merchandise. But if you do not like
the mode I have proposed of disposing of your
portion of the goods when you have taken them
for duties, sell them, as the law s«ys, in twenty
days, and put the money in the Treasury. I
would just as soon have that provision as the
other; but I put this in, because it was suggested
by Senators with whom I had conversation, that
if we did nothave some such provision, we should
have too much dealing with merchandise, and I
thought I would putin a provision to meet their
views. This is on the honest, old-fashioned prin-
ciple that, when there is a joint ownership and it
is "best to have the ownership in one person, one
or the other shall give or take and let the other
have the whole. If the Senate do not like that
part of the amendment, 1 will strike it out at
somebody's suggestion, and confine it simply to
enforcing the present law in all cases, without
making all these importers come up and swear
what the goods are worth here and there, and
have no oaths about it. When a man imports a
hundred cases of goods, let us take the percent-
age in the goods themselves and sell them within
twenty days in open market, and put the money
in the Treasury. That is the law now, and why
not have the uniform practice under it? How can
it- be unconstitutional for me to rise here and
make a proposition that whereas collectors of
customs, some of them, take the duties in kind,
and some neglect or refuse to do it, I propose a
uniform rule and have them all taken in kind, so
that they "will all fare alike over the country?
That is the whole of it; and I am astonished at
the ingenuity of men raising a constitutional ques-
tion upon that—a simple direction to your col-
lectors to have a uniform practice under yourex-
isting law, and take all the duties, as they are
required to take a portion ,now, but about one
half of them neglect to do it. I want it uniform;
and I call the attention of the Senator from Mis-
souri to the fact, that on forty or fifty millions of
merchandise, imported from India in 1857, there
was a uniform loss on the importations of forty
per cent., and that is the great embarrassment
which crippled a distinguished friend of the Uni-
ted States by the name of Peabody, who gave
millions in charity. I had it from his correspond-
ent, that on the entire advances he made on India
goods, there was a loss on the goods he took as
security of forty per cent, on the whole year's
business, and it was to prevent sacrificing these
goods at forty per cent, loss that he went to the
Bank of England to get <£800,000 sterling. I say,
in such a year as that, under such a proposition as
I now make, we should get less revenue than we
do under the present system of imposing the duty
upon the value of the article abroad; and it is
perfectly just and right and liberal on the part of
this Government, when their merchants are im-
porting at such a loss, to take the duties in the
article itself and bear their portion of the loss;
and when the goods pay an enormous profit, it is
just as fair that we should have the profit on our
part of the goods. That is the whole of this
amendment, and I trust there will be no further
questions of order upon it. if anybody has any-
thing to say why this should not be a uniform
practice, I will try to answer him.
Mr. BAYARD. I regret that this proposition
of the honorable Senator from Rhode Island is
presented in the mode in which it comes before
us, as an amendment to an appropriation bill; be-
cause, under other circumstances, I incline to the
opinion that I should vote for the amendment, or
certainly for a similar,proposition. I do not pro-
pose now to enter into questions connected with
