482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
down upon little valleys, where by its elevation
it begins to catch some of that moisture which
passes over from the Pacific ocean. There, for
the first time, they reach a spot whitih can be
cultivated without irrigation. The rest is a desert.
And here, in general connection, 1 may say that
this extends from the Cascade mountains east-
ward up to the elevations of the Rocky Mountains,
southward across the Snake river, and westward
over the valley of the Des Chutes, with here and
there a little spot where the washing of a mountain
has deposited some soil on the sterile surface that"
lies beneath it,and where the moisture rolling down
in little streams which serve to irrigate such spots,
will render it possible for agricultural man to re-
side. Beyond that it is a mere grazing country;
and wheneverwe meetthese descriptions of bunch
grass and grama grass, rely upon it, Senators,
you have struck a region where there is no moist-
ure for crops. It may be marked throughout our
continent as an invariable attendant of that arid-
ity of climate which forbids the hope of its ever
being cultivated with success. To show how ut-
terly hopeless it is to extract anything from this
country, I will read a few lines more from Cap-
tain McClellan's report. He says:
" The Indians aie harmless and peaceable ; with the ex-
ception of the Yakima'?, iliey are very poor. Their food
consists of salmon, berries, and potatoes. The entire ab-
sence of game renders it difficult for them to obtain good
clothing; during the whole tup I did not see a single door,
elk, or bear: nothing larger than a wolf. Wolves, badgers,
squirrels, and a few gray marmots, were the only quadru-
peds."
The soil is represented as barren everywhere,
and is so admitted except where specially indi-
cated to the contrary in the report of Governor
Stevens; and in that report he speaks only of val-
leys here and there, fertile spots found in the long
line of march. Whether in his subsequent re-
port, which I regret to say Congress has refused
to print, there is additional information expand-1
ing the region of fertility, I do not know. It was
not sent in at the time these leports were fur-
nished to Congress, and 1 understand Congress
has since refused to print it. The report of the
geologist, Mr. Gibbs, 1 will refer to next. lie
says:
'•The country around Vancouver, that Is in the region we
have generally supposed to be the best, and thence back to
the foot ot the mountains, is gravelly and poor, except thai
on some of the small streams theie aie nairow sknts of
rich black soil- Tiie small prairie lying nearthe blanches
of the Oathlapooil are, however, exceptions. These appear
to have been formeily the bedsof lakes, and ietain,tosome
extent, a wet and mat shy character, the boiI being clay.
The Columbia bottom below Vancouver is of a tine pandy
loam. Much of that on the immediate banks of the uvei is
subject to overflow during the tie^huts a double misfor-
tune, a3 the deposits of the Columbia are not teru!i?in<j, and
the temperature of the water destroys giowiug ciops."
This is the opinion of geologist Gibbs, who is j
good authority among men of learning. Speak- I
ing of the country of the Spokanes, the same ge-
ologist says:
"That portion of the Cascade Kinse which crosses the
Columbia Mriks into an elevated plateau, winch e\t<>m!s as
far as the Imut of vision to the eastward—-this id the Spo-
kane plain. On n we could see no indication of water;
not a single tree, except on the mountain spur; not one
spot of verdure. It was of a dead, yellowish hue, with
large clouds of black blending mio thy general tinge. Ir
appeared to be a sage desert, with a seantv giowth of drv
bunch-grass, and fiequcnt out-cioppmgs 01 basalt. De-
scending by a vciy steep tMil. we readied the valley of t.'sc
Columbia on the 21st. Thiough a valley about a mile in
breadth, in which not a tree is to be seen, and seldom even
a bush, and which is boidered by steep walls of tiap, lava,
and sandstone, often anunged in a • ucces>ion of high pla-
teaux or steps, the deep, blue watei of the Columbia flows
will) a rapid, powerful cuuent; it istheonly lile-hke object
in this de.-ert. Thei/baraeiei of the valley is much the same
as far as fort Okinikane. It occasionally widens out -slight-
ly ; again it is narrowed by the mountains piessmafm.
Sometimes the trail passes over the lower bottom; at other
over very elevated and extensive terraces; and'mafew
places over dangerous points of the mountain*. At one of I
the latter, thiee miles above the En-te at-kwu, two of our i
mules were instantaneously killed by falling overapreei- |
pice, and two others seriously injured. The difficulty of j
the trail at this point mav be imagined from the fact that I
we were occupied from eleven o'clock, a. m.. until dark, I
in passing the ttam over a distance rather loss than two J
miles. (
" In this portion of the valley a few small groves of pine ;
are met with; but the general character is enure absence of J
trees and bushes. Jn places only is the gras>sgnod ; but we I
found no great difficulty m so regulating the marches as to ob- f
tain enough for the animaK The soil i^so very sandy that it
is not probable it can yverby applied to any useful purpose. !
Granite, gneiss, and syenite, oceur in tiie valley in large
quantities and of excellent quality." * * *
<l The country through which we passed to the east of the
Cascade range may he described as generally barren and
unfit for agriculture, and poor for grazing puiposes. There
are two small tracts which aie exceptions to this lule; but
I know of none which would be considered good in our
western States." *******
"The soil of these plains is generally thin and sterile, and
covered with oxide of iron from the decomposed basalt;
but in the swale, along the margin of the small streams, it
13 a rich, black mold. Bunch grass grows plentifully upon
them, and they afford a good range forthe horses of the In-
dian tribes to which they belong. It is, however, to be con-
sidered, that in ail the stock ranges of this country the
scatteied growth of the wild grasses renders necessary a
large comparative extent of country. These plains, except
on the northern skirts, are destitute of timber, and are swept
by high and piercing winds."
Perhaps I have read enough on this subject.
The Columbia River Pass is described also in the i
same manner in which I have described it hereto-
fore, when referring to the visit of those gentlemen !
from that country. Here is, however, a more
exact description of it by Lieutenant Abbot: j
"The Columbia river forces its way through the Cascade
range by a pass, winch, for wild and sublime natural scene-
ry, equals the celebrated passage of the Hudson through
the Highlands."
Here it may be remarked th'at a railroad was
made along the Hudson, but it was because, on
account of the great expanse and quiet character
of the river, it was possible to build in the river
itself; to turn from the mountains, and, on tres-
sel-work standing in the water, to construct a
railroad. This pass, however, is a chasm through
which the Columbia river pouis with immense ve-
locity. It is stated boats can pasts within a few
: feet of the basalt columns on the bank without
danger of striking sunken rocks, so closely does
deep water border upon the shore.
" For a distance of about fifty miles, mountains, covered ;
with clinging spruces, firs, and pnie«, when not too precip-
nous to aifotd even these a foothold, rise abruptly iiom the i
water's edge, to heights varying from one to three thousand ;
feet. Soineoftiie ridges are apparently composed of compact'
basaltic conglomerate; others aie immense piles of small ■
rocks, vast quantities of which have been known to slide
into the rivei, overwhelming everything in their course."
Lieutenant Derby, with an appropriation of i
$25,000, made for the construction of a wagon
road from Fort Vancouver to Fort Dalles, made a ;
I careful examination,and he has reported the road
• impracticable without enormous expense. Lieu- j
I tenant Abbot, in mentioning the fact, says: >
I uThe oificei m charge of the work, Lieutenant G. II. ■
! Derby, United States tupogiapmeal engineers, made a care- ;
i ful examination ot the route, snbr-ecjuent to my recormois- i
: sanco, awl he has teported the road impracticable* vuthout '
' enounous expense. I think a caiel'ul suivey would &how i
the same to be true with refeicnee tu a i<ulio<id.'' !
Then he goes on to describe the country in the !
valley of the Des Chutes, showing that there is a :
great belt of desert country extending north and \
south-, east and west, probably including all that i
great region which lies between the great chain of j
the Rocky Mountainsand thefirstchain of mount- [
ams which obstructs the passage of currents of!
air from the Pacific ocean. j
Leaving that, however, I pass to the route of j
i the forty-first paiailel, which has been described !
1 in the Senate as bavin«:peculiar ad vantages. From !
the Rocky Mountains to the Sierra Nevada, the !
, country on this route c visists of alternate mount- 1
| urns and plains, or valleys—valleys utterly bar- i
; icn. The office examinations of the railroad ex-:
I prorations, eliow these facts: j
1 The greater part of the surface of £he%e valleys is merely ,
' sprinkled by several Wwioties of sombic nitemi&ia, (Wiltl i
I ^agc.,) presenting the aspect of a dreary waste ; though there ;
; are sspots more thickly ered with this vegetation ; yet, j
• the 5,oil h seldom hair e.^veied with it for a few acie^, and i
1 is nowheie suitable lo; settlement and cultivation, /mme- j
' diately westot Great i' i!t Lake, theie is a deseit plum of j
| mud, clay, and sand, impregnated with salt, seventy miles j
, in width fiom east to west, bv its longest line, and forty at •
I a narrower part,Yurth^r south." j
I Captain Beckwith,who succeeded Captain Gun- 1
| nison in the exploration, describes the canons '
; which were necessary to be passed on this route. |
j Ho says:
. " For mnety-Pix miles below the month of Canoe creek 1
I to seventeen miles above Fort Reading, the eomse of tne
; Sacramento lies entirely tiuomth hHavifv-timberyjl mount-
' ams, which rise precipitously from the itver Irthk* to the
height of fioin fitteen hundifd to two thousand feet above
i the stream, ft" course is winding, with all varieties of
' curves greater than a light angle, and it is seldom eninely
, straight lor two miles consecutively; but its general courses
■ are more uniform. i
| The foot of the mountains along the stream is often ob- j
1 sfructed by fallen mrk® to -ueh an extent as to prevent its '
passage on borsebfu-k; and it is also obstructed by laJlen i
tirnhei and dense thickets of bushes " * + * *
" At many point*, but for short 'hbtances only, the way is
obstructed by rocks in place. The road will require to be
earriud on the side oftne mountains, a few feet above the
i stream at high water, throughout this entire section to the
j open valley of the Sacramento, whence it can be coii-
' tmued on the open plain."
What, think you, is it to cost for that side cut,
estimated at from one hundred and fifty to two
hundred thousand dollars a mile, and that with
stone a greater part of it not in place, and there-
fore liable constantly to slide in on any road which
may be constructed, any excavation which may
be made, and, therefore, I say might have been
pronounced, and with the facts we now possess,
! must have been pronounced, an impracticable
route r He goes on to describe this region of coun-
try as a desert, and says:
" The two canons of the Sacramento, fourteen and nine
miles in length, and the very sinuous course of the river for
the space of ninety-six miles through heavily-timbered
mountains using percipitously from the sueam, form the
principal charactenstie unfavorable features of the route;
the cost of constructing a railroad alon* which cannot be
properly estimated until minute surveys are made."
There is something very peculiar in this route.
Instead of finding on this parallel the Sierra Ne-
vada rising with a sharp back-bone, as was ex-
pected, viewing it from the east and west, always
rising and presenting a sharp ridge against the
sky; instead of finding it as it was supposed to
be, a mountain with a back-bone, a single crest
which might be passed Hy deep cutting or by tun-
nelling, it turns out to be a great plain, forty miles
wide, having its own little streams and lakes, sep-
arating two ridges of mountains which stand upon
the two sides-of this wide plain, like parapets to
guard it. It is the ascent and descent over the
ridges which bound this plain that constitute the
immense difficulty. It was, therefore, that the
engineer, with very great discrimination, having
ascended this plain, -looked for a stream with
which he might descend it. Therefore, he searched
until he struck the fork of the Pitt river, on the
Sacramento, followed that down, and keeping to
the stream, passed through this canon of ninety-
six miles as the only practicable mode of descend-
ing from his elevation, some five thousand seven
hundred feet, to get upon the plain of the Sacra-
mento, as it lies at Fort Reading. What the grade
will be on some of the descents, I do not know.
I think it could have been ascertained if the pro-
files had been published; and here f may mention,
in connection with the publication of the railroad
reports, a fact, that I deem it proper in this place
to notice. When the explorations were sent in,
when the maps were prepared, and after delay had
worn out my patience in expectation of ever seeing
them engraved, an estimate was sent to Congress
of the amount it would cost to engrave them, in
order that Congress might make an appropriation
to permit the War Department to engrave the
maps which would go with the reports, and serve
to explain and illustrate them. When that came
before Congress, however, they chose, in their
kindness, to make the appropriation, butto leave
it in the hands of the Superintendent of Public
Printing, and those maps have not yet,been en-
gravrd, and the part of them which has been en-
graved hps not yet been printed,and the country
is robbed of the profiles and detailed maps which
would have served to give them that clear under-
standing of the geogiaphy of this region, which
must have relieved the Senate from so much im-
aginary construction of the face of the earth.
But I have been told that this route which waa
surveyed is not the one which is meant; that in-
stead of going thiough these canons of tho Sac-
ramento, some insist that the descent should be
directly to Fort Reading. That would makeover
live thousand seven hundred feet of descent to be
overcome in a space so short that the average
grade would be over one hundred and twenty-five
feet to the mile. This, of course, includes some
lifts where the grade would be vastly greater; but
the difference of elevation between the crest of
the ridge over which you descend to the valley of
the Sacramento, at Foi t Reading, calls for an av-
erage giade of one hundred and thirty feet for
forty-five miles; the space over which you have
to overcome this distance. Therefore I say it was
wise and prudent in the engineer; seeing how
close he had come upon the valley, and how great
his elevation was to seek some stream by which
he might circuitously descend to the valley, at
Fort Reading. ^
In this connection I have had the good fortune to
get some information from a report of the surveyor
general of the State of California, being the first re-
liable information we have in relation to the route
that passes through what is called Carson ?s valley.
It will be remembered that that was not crossed by
