1564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. CAMERON. I am glad the Senate h&s
decided that this amendment is in order. I think
the amendment will be of service to the Treasury,
and of great service to the industry of the coun-
try. Before the question is disposed of, I desire
to say something, but I shall not do so now.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I desire to say that I have paired
off with the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright]
until three o'clock. If he were here, I should
vote for the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bigler, Broderick, Cameron,
Chandler, Oiark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle,
Duikee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Harlan, Hous-
ton, Kennedy, King, Seward, Simmons, Smith, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—-27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Brown, Cliesnut,
Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fitch, Fiizpatrick, Green, Gwm,
Hammond, Hunter, lverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson
of Tennessee, Jones, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Pugh,
Keid, Rice, Sebastian, Shields, ShtfelL Stuart, Ward, and
Yulee-SO.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and .the question recurred on the amend-
ment of the Finance Committee.
Mr. GREEN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
Sec—. And be it farther enacted, That th« Secretary of
the Trea.suiy is her«l>y authorized, under the act of June
1-1, 1858,10 issue coupon or legistercd stock, as the pur-
chasor may ulect.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish the Senator would
move that as a separate amendment.
Mr. GREEN. There will be no difficulty about
it; it will give rise to no debate, and is germane
to the amendment now pending.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator can just as well
move it as a separate section.
Mr. GREEN. It will not encumber the'on-
ginat amendment, and nobody objects to it.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurred on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I cannot
vote for this bill, in my judgment, it is unwise
to borrow money without providing the means
for its payment. Lot it be accompanied by a sec-
tion changing our revenue system from ad valorem4
to specific duties, and 1 will vote for this additional
$20,000,000 of Treasury notes,
1 have been disposed, hitherto, to hope that
something would be done for the industry of the
country at the present session; but t tun satis-
fied now that it is not the. intention of this Con-
gress, or of this Administration either, to curtail
their extravagant expenditures, or to provide the
means of payment. We are to live upon credit;
and those who follow us will have to pay the debts
contracted under this Administration.
The proposition of the very intelligent Senator
from ilnode Island, to alter the form of collecting
duties, was voted by the majority this morning
as unconstitutional, upon the ground that it was
in the nature of a revenue measure, and that such
measures must originate with the Mouse of Repre-
sentatives. Its purpose was to prevent frauds; aiul
its effect upon the Treasury would have been an
increase of its receipts; but, in preventing fiauds,
it would also have benefited, incidentally, the man-
ufacturer, by keeping out of competition worth-
less and under-valued foreign lubncsf. Now, we
are about to vote upon a measure which avowedly
and openly raises icvenue, in the shape of irre-
deemable Treasury notes. This measure will be
voted constitutional by the same Senators who
refused by tho:r votes, this morning, to so adjust
the present law as to make frauds impossible.
The Government should incieasc their income
by a wii-e adjustment of the revenucsystem; but
they come here and ask us to allow them to bor-
' row more money. If they get this new issue, of
course they will act as all broken-down merchants
do—use that expedient for the present; and next
year they will probably come for another batch
of irredeemable notes. In his annual message,
the President told us that he was desirous of
changing the revenue system from ad valorem to
specific duties, in accordance with the interests of ;]
his native State and with his promises made to ;!
her citizens. Does any Senator believe he was jj
sincere in those promises? If he was sincere, h
then men will wonder how his call for the Cuban Si
fund of $30,000,000 was so cordially supported
by all his party. Will any one believe that the
President was sincere in his recommendation
when he gets no support for it in this body, where
a large majority are his partisans, and many of
them were the advocates of protection before they
joined his standard? He would not himself be
willing to admit a fact so discreditable to his
power. And yet such is the truth. AU of his
friends are now doing all they can to prevent any
action on the subject.
The origination of all revenue bills belongs,
properly, to the House of Representatives. Itis
known here, it is known at the other end of the
avenue, that no loan bill can reach us from the
House of Representatives, unless it is accompa-
nied by an alteration in the tariff. This subter-
fuge is, therefore, resorted to. It is a part of that
skillful legislation which the well-trained gentle-
men who come from that section of the country
where, they say, they have no sectionalism, al-
ways practice with signal ability. They can
always find some mode of getting around the Con-
stitution, when itsuits their own purposes. They
want no change in the tariff, but they want money
to carry on the Government; and thecreditof the
Government will raise the money.
Yesterday, an amendment, originating in the
Senate, changing the mode of merely collecting
the revenue, was, in their opinion, unconstitu-
tional. To-day, it is constitutional to originate a
loan bill in the Senate; for it has been discovered
that such a bill, having passed this body, can be
squeezed through the House of Representatives
by the skillful use of its rules. In all the discus-
sions on this subject, we of the North have been
treated as not belonging to the country.
The honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] as well as the distinguished Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] have, in their dis-
cussion of the tariff question, endeavored to ex-
cite the prejudices of the people of their section
by the alarming cry of taxation. They allege
that the South is unduly taxed for the benefit of
the North, in all revenue bills which, even inci-
dentally, or by accident, give protection to the
manufacturer. They are highly honorable gen-
tlemen, of acknowledged ability, and with long-
standing reputation as statesmen. They seem,
too, to be sincere; and I should not venture to
contradict what comes from such high authority
without the most ample proof. But, believing the
facts would prove them to be m error, I have
taken some trouble to have carefully examined
the census tables in the report of the Treasury
Department.
Mr. Guthrie's report on the finances for the
year i855 contains a number of important tables
compiled from the census of 1850. Turning to
table No. £>1, page 100, the population of each
State and Territory is given, separating the slave
from the free; and, giving the former the benefit
of Delaware, which is often classed as a free
State, we have the following:
Population in 1850.
Fiee HtatM 13,405,576= 58 per cent.
Slave- States  9,1:26,31)0=^ "
Total   2X191,876=100 "
Kovenue derived from cu^touws m 1849-30, («pp table
12, page 8*2,) $39,008,68642; equal per capita, $171.5.
Amount paid byirce States $27,106,935
Amount paid by slave Suites  12,561,933
Total % 39.668,868
At page 100, table No. 21, you will find the
following heading: "Amount of paying imports,
less foreign paying exports allotted to each State,
based upon its productions." These productions
refer to the total value of agricultural and manufac-
turing productions of each State. They sum up
as follows:
Free States, per capita, $7 51... .$101,922,351=68 per cent.
BiaveState.Sjptfj capita, 4 82.... 46,829,224—32 "
Total....   $118,051,575
Here we find the free States and slave States
showing the following ratio:
Share of the public burden, per capita.
Free Slates.     58 percent.
Aciu.il allotment a*> above.
Excess .
. 68J
.lol
Slave States  42 per cent.
Actual allotment as above   32f «
Deficieticy    9£ «
Appiy these figures to the revenue derived from
customs:
Proportion due; per ■capita—free States $23,032,823
Actually paid by free States.   27,106,935
Excess paid by free States   $4,074,112
Equal to seventeen per cent.
Proportion due, per 'capita—slave States $16,635,863
Actually paid by slave States....   12,561,751
Deficiency of the share due from them, twenty-five per
cent.
The share of the burden of the free States, per capita, of
income Jrom customs, \vas$l 71.4; bitt they paid, per capita,
$2 01; equal to twenty-nine and six t'enths per cent, too
much.
The share of the slave States was, per capita, $1 86.6;
but they paid, per capita, only $1 29 ; equal to fifty-seven
and six tenths per cent, too little.
Now let us compare some of the manufactur-
ing free States with the strictly agricultural of the
slave States. In the last column of table No. 21
we have the following heading: " Allotment per
capita of the paying imports, less the foreign pay-
ing exports, as allotted to each State, based upon
its productions."
From this column I select the following seven
manufacturing States, with their ratios:
Massachusetts $12 25
Rhode Island  12 11
Connecticut  11 48
New Jersey    8 89
New Hampshire     8 62
New Yoik  8 47*
Pennsylvania    7 31
Divided by 7 ) 69 14
Average per cent     ,.... $9 88
Also seven agricultural States:
Georgia   .....$4 52
Flomia       4 03
North Carolina  3 36
South Carolina  4 19
Alabama   4 83
Texa«  3 76
Vngmia  4 37
Divided by 7) 39 06
Average per cent $4 l.S
Thus it appears that the seven manufacturing
States consumed two and three eighths times per
capita more of foreign products than the seven
agricultural States did; and hence they paid two
and three eighths times more than their per capita
share of the burdens or taxation for the support
of the General G-overnment.
Notwithstandi ng these facts, the planting States
of the South, and those who go with them, are
constantly complaining that the tariffs have all
been made for the benefit of the workmen of the.
North.
In the North, every man is a laborer, and eveiy
man is proud of his pursuit. Every man theie
produces something for the benefit of the whole,
and every man is a portion of the community. It
is not so in the cotton States. There they have
two classes—one the free and the rich, and the
other the slaves, who do the labor. I make these
remarks because it is constantly said by southern
gentlemen that we of the'North are oppressing
them with taxation for our own benefit. I have
been told, too, that my State was a beggar here—
that she came asking alms. Sir, I reject these
assertions with scorn. It is not necessary for me
to say anything in defense of that great old State
which 1 represent—a State which has paid within
the last twenty years nearly eight million dollars
for education; whose people voluntarily taxed
themselves to the same amount; a State where
every man reads; where every man is a portion of
the general community; where all are equal, and
all intelligent; where her government has ex-
pended more than fifty million dollars to improve
her roads and rivers; where her citizens have ex-
pended $100,000,000 to construct railroads, and
to make her coal mines productive and profitable.
Such a people require no defense from me. They
can defend themselves. Their churches, their
school-houses, their cultivated fields, their sub-
stantial homesteads, their massive barns, their
beautiful cities, their thriving villages, and their
philanthropic edifices, are monuments to their
patriotism, their intelligence, their virtues, and
their greatness* They will stand as long as this
