1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15&5
Union shall last; and I trust that will be forever.
That Stale and her people, I repeatagain, require
no defense from any one.
The planting States, having possession of the
machinery of the once powerful Democratic party
of the Union, have molded its principles to suit
themselves, and, by the constant agitation of the
slave question, have combined the whole South
with them, in a position antagonistical to the
North. The real interests of the grain-growing
States of the South are identical with those of
Pennsylvania, and yet she receives sympathy only
from a^art of Maryland, Kentucky, and Ten-
nessee. It is time we were done with the negro
question, so constantly thrust upon us by the
cotton States.
From the date of the Declaration of Independ-
ence until now, Pennsylvania has been Republi-
can. Republican as that term was understood by
those who made the Constitution^ and sfs it was
understood and held by Jefferson, Madison, and
Monroe, and the Republican party, before the
North and the South were arrayed against each
other as sectional factions; before sectionalism be-
came stronger than patriotism. Pennsylvania was
then, and 1 hope will long continue to be, the
Key-Stone of the Federal arch. Never failing in
any emergency to respond to the call of duty,
whether her aid was required in the tented field,
or at the polls; whether for war or for peace,
Pennsylvania has always been true to herself and
to her duty, as a member of the Union. What
- she has been she will continue to be. What she has
been she is now and intends to be. As an hum-
ble, but honored citizen of the State, 1 have been
trained to believe that it is no less the duty of
every citizen than of the President of the United
States, to preserve, protect, and defend the Con-
stitution; and this I construe to include the rights
of the South no less than the rights of my own
State. This I construe to embrace no less the
rights of the cotton and rice planters of Carolina
and Georgia, than the rights of the miner or man-
ufacturer of Pennsylvania or Massachusetts. I
hold that we are one people, united by an identity
of interest and of duty, and I again assure south-
ern Senators that I, as an individual, and Penn-
sylvania's a State, are now, and ever will be,
ready and willing to preserve, protect, and defend
all and every of their rights under the Constitu-
tion, whenever and however they maybe assailed,
whether it may be by a foreign enemy or a do-
mestic foe.
Having said this much, 1 will add that I was
one of those known as the original Jackson men;
that I was, and am, of the school of Jefferson,
Madison, Monroe, and Calhoun, and that I look
to them, and to the Constitution, for my rule of
action. What, then, is the language of the Con-
stitution? It says: the Congress "shall have
power to levy and collect taxes, duties, imposts,
and excises; to pay the debts and provide for the
common defense and general welfare of the United
States," and u to regulate commerce with foreign
nations and among the several States." Now,
what jg the construction which Jefferson, Madi-
son, Monroe, Calhoun, and the republican fath-
ers gave to these grants of power? Did they deny
the power of Congress to pass a protective tarift?
Was not the fact that the Parliament of England
was opposed to the growth of manufactures in the
colonies one of the chief causes of the Revolu-
tion ? Did not Pennsylvania, by her Senators
Morris and Maclay, demand, in the First Con-
gress, protective dutfes ? Did not Jefferson, Mad-
ison, Monroe, Calhoun, all and each, advocate
the encouragement of American manufactures, as
conducive to the " general welfare ?" Let not Sen-
ators be startled, I quote the words from the Con-
stitution, and 1 will show them that they were
properly and wisely placed there. Did not Gen-
eral Jackson recommend a protective duty on
iion, because it is an article indispensable to the
'•general welfare," for which we should not be
dependent on foreign nations?
I will not take up the time of the Senate by
quotations. 1 refer to the known and oft-repeated
opinions of southern statesmen when they repre-
sented and spoke for the South; and I refer to
their known opinions, because there are some
who rely on the influence of their names to sus-
tain the new theory of ad valorems—the modern
bed of Procrustes, which regulates the 15 general
welfare'' by the length of party platforms. I pro-
fess to be practical in the business relations of
life. I have great respect for the opinions and
precepts of these great men. My purpose was
not to cite their optnionsas therule which should
at this time regulate our proceedings; but I would
show that they have all admitted not only the
right to create, but the expediency of a protective
tariff; and to insist that that which was right and
expedientthen, isnowan indispensable necessity.
I propose to do this, by contrasting the tariff en-
acted by the men who made the Constitution
with the tariff of the present day; the tariff of
specific and protective duties, with the new sys-
tem of ad valorems; the tariff which gave life to
our manufactures, and created a body of Amer-
ican merchants, ready with their wealth, with
their lives, and their honors, to " preserve, pro-
tect, and defend" the Constitution, with the tariff
which makes us debtors, dependent upon the ca-
price and financial policy of foreign bankers, and
substitutes the agents of foreign manufactures
for the American merchant; converting into mere
money-changers those who, under a wise regula-
tion of our foreign commerce, would be the hope,
the pride, and support of your country in peace
and in war; making them dealers in usurious in-
terest, and shavers of notes, instead of dealers in
the produce of our industry, giving to it life and
energy.
The time was, when an American merchant
could purchase foreign merchandise on credit. He
gave nis bond for the duties, and was enabled
from his sales to realize the funds, not only to
pay the duties, but to purchase American prod*
uce, which he remitted to his correspondents in
Europe, in time to meet his payments. Then the
British manufacturer furnished the capital, and
commerce was a reciprocal exchange of the sur-
plus products of labor. The American merchant
bought British manufactures and paid for them
with American produce.
It will be remembered, that in. his speech on the
tariff of 1816, Mr. Calhoun admitted the propriety
of protecting the manufacturing interest which
had been created by the war. It was notuntil after
the election of John Gluincy Adams, and the
question of internal improvements by the Gene-
ral Government was made a part of Mr. Clay's
American system, that the South rallied against
a protective tariff as unconstitutional. The ques-
tion then was not so much whether there should
be a protection for American manufacture, as
whether a large surplus revenue should be cre-
ated, to be expended by Congress on internal im-
provements. Congress may have power to levy-
duties, 44 to provide for the common defense and
general welfare," and yet it may not be author-
ized to create a large surplus to be expended in
internal improvements. I note this distinction to
mark a period 111 our progress, and that I may
call the attention of the Senate to the fact, that
this part of Mr. Clay's system having been ar-
rested by the movement of South Carolina, the
payment of the public debt, and the transfer of
the public money to the State banks by General
Jackson, led to such an inflation of the currency,
and gave such a stimulus to enterprise and spec-
ulation, that the States entered upon an expens-
ive system of roads and canals, which led to an
issue of State bonds, which became a new ele-
ment in ouy foreign commerce, and which element
it is the duty of the statesmen of the present day
to study and comprehend.
Failing to obtain a renewal of its charter, the
Bank of the United States sold its branches, and
invested the greater portion of the proceeds m
State bonds, and sent them to London for sale to
reinstate its capital. We all know that the Lon-
don bankers and the Bank of England exerted
their influence, and, by the depreciation of the
value of State bonds, prevented their sale until,
by the failure of the Bank of the United States,
they were no longer fearful of its agency in plac-
ing our six per cent, in competition with their se-
curities. Having broken down the Bank of the
United States, they permitted our credit to be so
far reinstated that our railroad companies were
enabled to purchase foreign iron with their bonds.
This has been done until we have accumulated a
foreign debt of at least five hundred million dol-
lars, the payment of the interest upon which, and !
the continued importation of foreign iron, will j
soon create so large a balance against us that our j
condition will be much worse than a colonial de* I
pendent upon England; for I beg leave to remind
southern Senators that our credit has become as
much an article of commerce as their cotton. It
is now used to pay for other merchandise, as well
as iron and steel; and that this purchase of for-
eign merchandise with our bonds is a violation of
the principles of trade, ! beg to remind them that v
commerce should be a reciprocal exchange of the
surplus produces of labor, and that, by exchang-
ing our credit for the products of English labor,
whether it be in the shape of iron or other mer-
chandise, we create a debt, the payment of the
principal and interest of which will subject us to
all the contingencies which may at any time affect
the money market of Europe.
I beg Senators to reflect for a moment on the
cause and the effect of the late monetary crisis,
and to realize that the use of our credit in the
shape of railroad bonds is a new element of com-
merce unknown to Adam Smith and the other
masters who taught them the science of political
economy. I ask, if a protective tariff was wise
and expedient when our commerce was an ex-
change of the surplus produce of our labor, is it
not indispensable now as the only means of pre-
venting a ruinous foreign debt ? I beg to remind
them again, that the effect of the ad valorem sys-
tem of duties has been to change the encire sys-
tem of ourforeign commerce. We no lortger have
American merchants employed in the purchase
of American produce to be exchanged for foreign
merchandise. In their place we have the agents
of foreign manufacturers, who invoice their goods
at the cost of production—not at the commercial
price in the foreign markets. These goods are
placed in our Government warehouses until the
agent can sell them by his patterns to the jobbers.
These jobbers do not deal in American produce,
but give their notes payable to their own order.
These notes are placed in the hands of a broker,
and sold at a discount, which discount the agent
of the foreign house charges as a part of the price
of the goods. Who, I ask, pays this discount?
You all must see that it is paid by the consumer.
The jobber pays the face of the note; the agent
receives what the jobber^ays, less the discount.
Would he sell the notes for such a price, un-
less he had made himself whole by the price at
which he had sold his goods? Surely not. Who,
*then, profits by this mode of levying our duties?
The Government does not, because this system
favors a class of invoices charging the goods at
less than their value in the foreign market. Is it
not obvious that the consumer does, because he
is compelled to pay the duties and the profits on
what the jobber and the retailer pay, which in-
cludes the shave on the notes in the hands of the
broker ? And what does the foreign agent do with
the proceeds of these notes? Does he buy Amer-
ican produce ? No. He remits specie, and thus
deranges our currency. The use of our credit in
the shape of railroad bonds has created a balance
against us, which, if the present systlm con tinues,
will overwhelm us in irretrievable ruin. There is
no hope of escape but in such an increase of theH
duty on iron as to prevent the further importation
of &e foreign article.
If we estimate that the interest on our debt now
payable in Europe be but thirty millions and our
imports of foreign iron and steel be but thirty
millions, (and the average for ten years has been
forty millions,) and compound this sum for thirty
years at six per cent, interest, it will be more
than six thousand million dollars. The interest
alone upon that sum will be more than three hun-
dred and sixty million dollars per annum. Is
it wise to continue a system fraught with such
consequences ? There is no hope of escape but in
such an increase of duty upon iron as to prevent
the further importation of it. I beg Senators to
look on the map of the United States and upon
the British and Mexican territory, which must
and will be embraced in our system of internal
improvements. I do not mean that we are to an-
nex Canada or Mexico. I refer to them as part
of a system of improvement to be developed by
Ameucan labor and enterprise. I would re-
mind you that our railroads are the product of
American labor; that if we manufactiue our own
iron, the entire profits of the labor and capital em-
ployed in their construction will be ours; and I
beg you to pause for a moment and look on the
magnitude of the interestto be developed, and the
amount of capital to be created. If our progress
