1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1567
everything he might want, free of all Government
assessments, taxes, and imposts, whatever? But
Government mast exist, must be maintained,
must be-maintained by taxes of some kind. It
finds it easier to levy taxes indirectly, than to levy
them directly on land, labor, or capital. Hence,
our Federal Government maintains itself by im-
posts on foreign commerce, and the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands, excluding all direct
taxation whatever. When will any Administra-
tion or Congress be able to abandon this policy,
anclsubstitute one of direct taxation ? Just when
the people will consent to it. When willthat be ?
Nobody can foresee any such period. To talk
of free trade, then, as a practical policy, is an at-
tempt to mislead and deceive the people. We all
are in favorof free tradeasaprinciple,asatheory;
but a stern necessity makes it remain only a prin-
ciple, a theory, and nothing more. Since the
Government is and must be supported mainly by
imposts on foreigncommerce, those imposts must
have a relation to the amount of revenue to be
raised, and this must be their chief relation or
bearing. But they unavoidably have another re-
lation; and this, though incidental-or consequen-
tial, is nevertheless an important one; it may be
even more important than the principal one. If
the imposts on any description of merchandise are
very low, they may not only produce too little
revenue, but they may induce importations in
excess, and therefore injurious to the production
of similar fabrics at home,andprobablyinjurious
—^to the general welfare, and even to the public habits
"and morals. Again, the tariff of duties may so
discriminate as to ruin some interests by imposts
too low, and build up others into monopolies by
duties which amount to prohibition. Theoreti-
cally, no one seeks to destroy producing interests
in our own country. To do so, would be ulti-
mately to exhaust our own vigor and national
strength. Everyone, therefore,who is not a fa-
natic, at least every statesman, desires that the
imposts which must be levied on foreign imports,
shall be so distributed as to bear as favorably as
possible upon every producing interest in our own
country. In this sense, as we all are m favor of
free trade, so we all are protectionists. We are
for free trade to a practical extent, and we all are
in favor of ajudicious tariff. The exigency of
this debate does not require me to survey the
whole range of productive industry of the coun-
try, and to suggest a comparative system of im-
posts adjuste^|to them all. It would be labor lost
to do so; forfas I have already said, it is in the
House of Representatives, and not here, that the
act originating any revision of the tariff must be
introduced and perfected, at least in degree. But
I can say, with entire freedom,, that it would pre-
sent no ground of objection, in my judgment, if
such a bill should be so constructed as to favor
and encourage the mining and manufacture of
iron.
I select and distinguish this great interest, be-
cause I think that the disasters which have over-
taken the national Treasury, and have crushed
the prosperity of the country, have resulted from
neglect and improvidence in regard to it. We
have been engaged, as most other civilized States
have been engaged, during the last fifteen or
twenty years, in adopting the great invention of
railroads, or, as the Frenchmen accurately de-
scribe them, iron roads, and bringing it into uni-
versal use. If we could only hava understood
ourselves in the beginning of this period, and ad-
hered persistently throughout to just convictions
then formed, we should have so discriminated in
our revenue system as to have made this great
enterprise work out an establishment of the iron
manufacture in this country, so as to derive from
it our chief supplies. But the country has not
been willing to look steadily to that ultimate inter-
est. It has asked always the cheapest iron that
could be gotten, and, of coursc, has demanded
that the imposts should be fixed at the lowest
possible rates. So the protection afforded by the
tariff of 1846 gave place to a lower protection in
1857; and it has not been without much difficulty
that at times Congress has been stayed from re-
mitting all duties on foreign manufactures of rail-
road iron. The Legislatures of the States, acting
on the same erroneous principles, have authorized
combinations and associations on doubtful prin-
ciples to force forward the same precipitancy of
action. Loans of the credit of States, of coun-
ties, cities, and even towns, have been authorized
to furnish capital to railroad corporations, and at
the same time they have been continually allowed
to borrow mopey, at usurious and ruinous rates
of interest. Securities thus obtained, doubted
and comparatively valueless at home, have been
pledged to the iron manufacturers abroad, and
their enterprise has been excessively stimulated,
while that of our own manufacturers has been
disheartened and suppressed.
These improvident measures have at last pro-
duced their inevitable effect—an undue diversion
of capital into railroad enterprises, a derangement
of internal exchanges at home, and a collapse of
the national credit abroad, and a suspension
equally of domestic manufactures and of foreign
commerce. Such are the legitimate results of the
improvidence which caused roads to be built of
foreign iron, over the coal and iron beds in our
mountains. I hope, sir, that the House of Rep-
resentatives will make the needed initial step m
a return to wise policy, and will send the miner
once more with his torch into the deserted cham-
bers where the coal and the ore are stored away
by the hand of nature, and will adopt such a pol-
icy as will rekindle the slumbering fires in the
forges and furnaces of Pennsylvania, New Jer-
sey, Maryland, Tennessee, and Missouri. It
would be a benevolent work. I do not say that
I would force the Government to assume it merely
as a work of benevolence; but I do say, that
since there is need of taxes to avoid debt, 1 would
so levy the taxes as to secure incidentally that
benevolent object.
But it is to the House of Representatives that
those who desire the accomplishment of this ob-
ject must look. The Senate affords them, thus
far, no ground of hope. The people of Pennsyl-
vania, and the other iron-producing States, have
seemed to look to the President and to the Senate,
but not-to the House of Representatives.
It is useless to look to the Senate, unless the
House shall lead the way. All along, as the de-
bate on the condition of the Treasury in the Sen-
ate has advanced, I have marked its listless course.
The heart of the Senate does not throb with one
particle of sympathy for the iron manufacturers.
I have wished that the people of Pennsylvania
could just look in upon us, and see howunmoved
we are by all the President's appeals, and all their
petitions, addresses, and resolutions, and all the
arguments and appeals of their Senators here. I
wish especially that they could see the entire cool-
ness and indifference with which the Senate now
not merely dismisses the subject altogether, but
inaugurates the policy of renewing the national
debt, and sends its bills for that puipose to the
other wingof theCapitol,todemora)ize theliouse
of Representatives, and induce it to surrender its
own very feeble resolution of restoring the na-
tional industry to its proper and ancient vigor.
Mr. President, the country needs a new Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the question, as
I understand it, is whether we shall borrow money
enough to enable the Government to perform its
duties or not? The Senator from New York, if
I appreciate his line of argument, says lie will not
consent to borrow this money for the support of
the Government, because we have made no pro-
vision for raising a revenue adequate to its wants.
That, to my mind, is no reason at all. It is the
fact, that we have not made a provision adequate
for the wants of the Government, that has created
the necessity for the loan. It does not matter
whence this necessity arises; we have to deal
with the existing fact. Shall we meet it, or shall
we paralyze the arm of the Government? It is not
because our people are'unable to pay as much as
is needful; it is not because of the poverty of the
country; but there has been an interruption in
our foreign commerce; there has been a change
in the scale of duty, and a change in the number
of articles subjected to duty, and a diminished
revenue from these conjoined causes, and a con-
sequent want of means to carry on the Govern-
ment. If we should change our system of revenue
to any however well devised, howevei productive
of a large income hereafter, the necesstty will be
the same. No system of imposts could bring us
money immediately. Even if you wore to resort
to direct taxation, there would be an interval
within which you would want means. A loan,
therefore, is a necessity, under any possible view
to be taken of the case, unless you choose to
shrink from the obligation of meeting the neces-
sities of the country, and enabling the Govern-
ment to perform all its functions effectively.
As to what will be the result of the existing
tariff on the revenue of the country, with a res-
toration of commercial prosperity, it is well
known that there is a contradictory opinion# I
have no fondness for the existing tariff. I look
upon it as emiqfntly protective; in so far as it has
attempted to put those articles used by the manu-
facturer on the free list, that it departed from the
strictly Democratic principle of imposing duties
as taxes for revenue, and for revenue only. I
would prefer, to day, to return to the tariff of
1846, which did bring an adequate revenue, and,
probably, would bring it again, and which had,
at least, the great Democratic feature of spreading
its application over a large number of articles,
and imposing the duties ad valorem upon all. Its
schedules were, in some respects, objectionable;
I would be glad to see them changed; but I say-
it commends itself to me as being less protective
in its character than that which we now have.
But how does this affect our action as Senators
on the present question ? We see the necessity
of the Government; the Finance Committee calls
on us to grant the power to make the loan; and
the Senator from New York answ.ers, " we have
not the means of providing for its payment im-
mediately, and therefore I will not consent to
borrow.,, A revenue measure cannot be origin-
ated here; it depends on the other House, over
which we have no control; and yet the obligation
is joint upon us to provide the means for carry-
ing on the Government. I am unable, by any
system of argument to which the Senator has led
me, to perceive how he reaches his conclusion.
It is true, he referred to the fact that the adjust-
ment of the tariff belonged to the other House.
There let it rest; we are not attempting to disturb
it. So far as his friend, who sits nearer to me, the
SenatorfromPennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] who
preceded him in the argument, is concerned, he
argued the question as though it were an opposi-
tion on the part of the South to any adjustment.
I tell that Senator, outsiie of official information,
that the Representatives from Mississippi were
willing to meet this question face to face,and re-
new for three years the duties of the tariff of
*1846, in order to supply the Treasury; and that
the Representatives from his own State did not
concur in it. I have not found southern Demo-
crats generally reluctant to bear any amount of
taxation which was necessary to support the Gov-
ernment. They are reluctant to meet expendi-
tures for unnecessary, and, most of all, unconsti-
tutional purposes; but they are willing to bear
any burden which devolves upon them as citizens
sustaining the Government of which they are a
part. If there be no change in the revenue sys-
tem, my own opinion is that this loan will be pro-
longed; it will not be merely sufficient to grant
the authority now; but we shall have to renew it.
Whether that will be so or not, however, I say
we are bound equally to meet it, whether it be
temporary, more or less. If the expectations of
those who favor the existing tariff shall be real-
ized, and it shall bring in a revenue equal to the
wants of the Government, the loan will be paid
off, and we shall be required to make no more.
If it should not, then, of course, as honest ipen,
they must surrender their opinions, and meet us
on a basis of taxation which will suffice for the
wants of the Government. I should be ready to-
day, if the House of Representatives should pre-
sent it to the Senate, to vote for a bill imposmga
direct tax equal to the payment of the debts, and
providing for any deficiency in the revenue. I
prefer it to all other modes of collecting money.
I believe it will bring economy m the administra-
tion of the Government—that thing of which we
hear so much, and experience so very little. Then
members would return to their constituents to
show under what necessity they voted for appro-
priations; not to show wherein they failed to ob-
j tam something more than that which they were
; able to get. It svould purify as well as render
! economical the administration of the Government;
I and it is my last best hope for both these benefi-
I cent results.
The Senator from Pennsylvania, however, has
a sad view of the case—that he saw no indication
of a purpose, either on the part of Congress or of
the Administration, to provide for the protection
