1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
attention called to the points that would institute a
fair comparison between two routes, one of which
he favored and the other of which he condemned.
I thought he did not do justice to the one, and 1
thought he gave an over-meed of praise to the
other. I, however, have no cause of complaint as
to his opinions. I am well satisfied that no rail-
road bill will pass this session; and my only ob-
jection is, that Senators should undertake to exalt
the one and prejudice the other. The Senator
from Mississippi knows that t&ie route on the
thirty-fifth parallel has never yet been surveyed
through. When other information comes in not
of an official character, it is disregarded so far as
■s it applies to that route; but when it comes as to
the thirty-second, he reads a letter addressed to a
certain distinguished gentleman of Texas, unoffi-
cially, and he takes great pains in reading it. It is
not, I think, dealing fairly with the subject. Mr.
Beale made a report; otherpioneers have made re-
ports; other travelers have made reports; show-
ing that the line of the thirty-fifth parallel is prac-
ticable. Others believe that on the thirty-ninth
parallel a good pass can be found in the moun-
tains, a good route for a road, and a good con-
nection made with the Mississippi.
I am not here to speak for, or against, any route.
It is not in my purpose; but I am determined that
no prejudice shall by a partial view of the sub-
ject, be raised against the thirty-fifth parallel or
the forty-second parallel, which on the present
information we have, approximate nearest to the
great center where we want the road.
The Senator says if this road had been made,
$10,000,000 might have been saved last year.
Suppose his road had been made and you wanted
transportation to the Army of Colonel Johnston
against the Mormons, would it have answered
any purpose to save the $10,000,000? Not one
solitary dollar. You would have to go down to
the thirty-second parallel, starting from Gains-
ville, where they get no supplies unless they are
transported by land or water, and from that go
over to El Paso through the Llano Estacado, a
barren desert waste, worse than the Jornada del
Muerto, as that Senator well knows; yet he says
that would be saving $10,000,000 to the Govern-
ment. When they had reached El Paso they
would have been a thousand miles from Utah,
with no possible means to make a contract for
transportation because they would have been at
a point where nobody would have had the means
to transport. It would cost two dollars to one
that it did cost, if the Senator's road had been
made to transport supplies to the Mormon expe-
dition.
Now, if we aremalcinga road to meet the wants
of the Government, let us look at practical things
as they are. We want it, as I have remarked a
dozen times in the course of this discussion, in a
central position. If it were possible, owing to the
base of the mountains and thecharactcrofthecoun-
try, to make it in an exact geographical center to
meet the population and settlement, I would say
that ought to be the point. If that be not possi-
ble, I must approximate to it as near as I can, and
that is the whole of my position. If no road can
be constructed thaf will meet the wants of the
Government, then I am against any road with
Government aid, leaving it to individuals to make
such as their commercial communications may re-
quire. If it is a road of commerce only, let com-
merce make it. If it is a road of trade only, let
trade make it. If it is a road for the wants of the
Government, let it be so located as to meet those
wants. Why, sir, from the information before us,
there is a broader expanse of country west of the
Colorado thatis a barren desert, nothing butdrift-
ing sand, in which a man can hardly live when
the wind blows anything like a hurricane, on the
thirty-second parallel, than on any other as yet
surveyed.
Mr. DAVIS. What authority do you rely on ?
Mr. GREEN. I rely on the explorations made
by Mr. Beale and others, who have crossed
through the Colorado, gone over the Mohave, and
from that through the mountains of the Coast
range in California.
Mr. DAVIS. That is on the thirty-fifth, is it
not ?
Mr. GREEN. Thatis better; but I rely on the
report of Lieutenant Michler to prove the char-
acter of the country on the route of the thirty-sec-
ond, arid the report of Lieutenant Michler is an
rl;
official document. Where do you find the same
expanse of barren waste as you do on ttte thirty-
second? But says th'e Senator a second explora-
tion shows that many of those grades can be re-
duced. I think he told us the grades, perhaps,
passing through some parts of New Mexico, the
southern part of it proposed to be called Arizona,
reached as high as from one hundred and thirty
to one hundred and eighty feet to the-mile.
Mr. DAVIS. No such thing—the least like it.
Mr. GREEN. Well, have we had a second
exploration of the thirty-fifth parallel ? J may
ask, have we had the first exploration of the thirty-
fifth parallel ?
Mr. DAVIS. I can give you two maps that
will show three explorations on the thirty-fifth
parallel.
Mr. GREEN. I know that; and perhaps forty
on part of the thirty-fifth parallel, but show me
one that went through; and yet the complaint
you raise is upon that part that they never did
go through. These are facts.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Senator say that from
the sink of the Mohave to the Colorado has not
been explored ?
Mr. GREEN. Not by any report before us.
Mr. DAVIS. It is before you, printed.
Mr. GREEN. Which?
Mr. DAVIS. Lieutenant Parke's.
Mr. GREEN. In the railroad survey ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. I should like to see it.
Mr. DAVIS. And Lieutenant Whipple's; the
two perfect the report.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; they approached the
Mohave river, but from that up to the head of it
they never did explore. Now, Mr. President, I
am not saying this for the purpose of improving
the chances of the thirty-fifth parallel route, or
of lessening the chances of the thirty-second, but
I am saying it merely for the purpose of prevent-
ing a prejudice existing for the one or against
the other. I am satisfied that no railroad bill will
pass this year. As it will not, let public senti-
ment remain without prejudice; and if more sur-
veys are required, and further explorations are
necessary, let us have them. But I will repeat
that even if the road had been made on the thirty-
second parallel, it would not have met the wants
of the Government in the difficulties through which
we have lately passed. The grades upon the north-
ern line are low; the grades on the thirty-second
are generally low; but to take the maximum of
ascents and of descents will produce a fallacious
impression of the amount, because the great point
to be gained in railroad engineering is not the
amount of descents and the amount of ascents,
but the grade at which they run. You may go
by a gradual grade up to the height of ten thou-
sand feet, and by a gradual grade down to the
level of the sea, and yet have gradual ascents and
descents; whereas you may only go up one thou-
sand feet, and from the character of the country
be compelled to make use of grades ver.y high and
almost impassable.
These are fallacious tests. We must look into
them, and as we cannot have definite action now,
let us have no prejudice. I want none against the
thirty-second; I want none against the thirty-
fifth; I want none against the thirty-ninth, the
forty-second, the forty-seventh, or the forty-ninth.
Leave them all open; but the Senator has taken
certain parts of reports from his honest judgment
on the subject, most of which are a repetition of
what he gave in the first volume of his report on
the railroad surveys. I was well aware of what
his opinion was. I have nothing to say against
his opinion, so far as his right to entertain it is
concerned; but I have this to say, that he does not
dofulljusticeto the other routes according to my
understanding of the facts involved. We ought
not to confine ourselves merely to official reports
of surveys. We ought to take in all the informa-
tion we get. He has deemed it proper to take in
other information on the thirty-second, and to the
prejudice of the thirty-fifth. I will take any other
information for the benefit of the thirty-fifth.
Mr. DAVIS. I will give the Senator the only
document he could refer to—and I challenge him
to read it—Beale's report, and the two maps, to
find where he deviated five miles from the line of
the road. Here it is.
Mr. GREEN. I have read it. There is noth-
Mr. DAVIS. What is there new, then, to-bring
in ?
Mr. GREEN. I was remarking that the Sen-
ator had referred to other things outside of the
official report, to the prejudice of the route on the
thirty-fifth parallel, and for the same reason we
had a right to refer to other things outside of of-
ficial reports for the benefit of the thirty-fifth. We
have it and have read it, and the country is in
possession of it.
Now, Mr. President, if it be believed by a ma-
jority of the Senate, that a road from El Paso to
Port Yuma will meet the wants of the Govern-
ment, let them vote jt. I believe that it starts
nowhere and ends at a similar place. We have
no guarantee that the eastern end of it will be
made; we have no guarantee that the western end
will be made, and who will vote $10,000,000 out
of the Treasury to make a link without any assur-
ance or any probability, or any possibility of con-
nection between the east and the west? I cannot;
yet if the Government deems it proper to take hold,
of the subject and make a road through on the
thirty-second parallel, let them make it. I think
we can better meet the wants of the Government
in a central position; others think they can better
meet the wants of the Government in a northern
position; each one is so tenacious of his opinions,
that he is determined to vote for none but his own.
Thus all must fall, unfortunately, until the public
sentiment of the country shall become aroused,
until the people shall say that we must yield a
little, and sacrifice a few of our predilections for
the consummation of a great public good; and
when we arrive at that point under the coercive
power of public sentiment, then, and not till then,
will the pacific railroad be constructed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the question is taken
on the substitution of the bill offered by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi for the bill pending before
the Senate, I suppose it is in order to offer amend-
ments to the proposed substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to certain amendments which
I propose to offer to the substitute of the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi. I think that the
Senate must be well satisfied by this time-that the
friends of the establishment of a communication
by railway between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts
cannot agree, at present, upon any one route. It
is true that while, for one, I am an advocate for
the building of a road on a northern route, I am
free to confess that if but one route of railroad ia
to be constructed, it should be the central route,
and I voted for a proposition which would confine
the building of a single route, if it should be a
single route of railroad communication, to- the
central route.
It was objected, however, by Senators on this
floor that that was unfair and unjust towards the
southern States of this Confederacy; and why?
The proposition was to limit the route between
the south line of Virginia and the north line of
Pennsylvania, between the thirty-seventh and
forty-second parallels. Was there any injustice
in this towards any section of the Confederacy ?
None whatever; but if there be one route to be
constructed, 1 insist that it is but just to the sec-
tions in this Confederacy that there should be
some limit somewhere.
I am willing to offer an amendment to the prop-
osition of th  Senator from Mississippi, which
will test the sense of the Senate on this question.
The Senate lias already decided, by a very large
majority, and about the sense of the body on that
point there can be no doubt, that whatever con-
tract is to be entered into by the President, under
any bill that shall pass this session, must be sub-
mitted to the Congress of the United States for
its ratification before it shall have any effect what-
ever. Now, sir, is there anything" unfair in the
proposition which I arr>-about to make ? Let us,
when we offer the proposals for contracts for a
railway communication, offer them to be taken
upon three routes—upon the northern, north of
the forty-second parallel; upon the middle, be-
tween the thirty-seventh and forty-second paral-
lels; and oil the southern, south of the thirty-
seventh parallel. Let us take proposals from cap-
italists upon all three of these routes, and then
have the President of the United States submit
them to the consideration of Congress.
Upon this floor, each of those routes' has its
