1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
sion fund during the time he was Navy agent at
Washington.
The Lull was icported to the Senate without
amendment, oivlcred to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., appropriation BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the 1
House had agreed to the repoit of the committee !
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two ;
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 711) making ap- ,
propiiations for the legislative, executive, and ,
judicial expenses of Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, i860.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 223) fur the relief of Frances Ann
MtCauley; and 1
A bill (No. 229) for the relief of JaneTurnbull. -
FREDERICK E. SICKLES. j:
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senate to do me the ,
favor to take up the bill (S. No. 595) for the
relief of Frederick E. Sickles, which has been
reported from the Committee on Patents and the i
Patent Oince. It is only to enable him to have a '
rehearing before the Commissioner of Patents.
Mr, CLINGMAN. If the Senator brings up ,
any of those patent cases, I am disposed to ob- i
ject. _ |
Mr. YULEE. It is not for a patent. It is j
merely to give him a rehearing.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will hear the bill read. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- ,
ator from North Cai olina withdraw his objection ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am willing to have it |
read foi infoimation. _ _ i
Mr. HUNTER. I thought the appropriation
bill was under consideiation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is ,
to take up a private bill. It requiies unanimous ,
consent. * ;
Mr. HUNTER. I will not object, provided it
does not displace the appropriation bili.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. What is the patent for? 1
Mr. YULEE. It is no\ for a patent. It is to
grant a lehmnng—that is all. j
Mr. HUNTER. If it can be done by general j
consent, and does not displace the appropriation |
bill, I will wait for a minute or two.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If it can be done by con- ;
sent, I will jjjfer it read, if u is a short bill.
The Secretary read ji, as follows: >
Jic it cnacta*. 'i. hat Ficdeuck E he, and he 1
ih Ik ieb), autiioiizc'd to pie-mitan .xpp! icntio^i t<> liiu Coni-
lii^-Kinei of Patent-, at an\ time wulun mxiv da\ ^ ait<*i
llie pa—a^e ot this act, lor an e\t"tw<>n ot iett< 1 - patent
granted to lum on Uto COtli dav ot M<i.\. IcMJ, fm k v.w. and 1
um'IuI nupi o\ c menK m tnu juunnci o! eon-annMin^ the .ip-
paiatus 1 (>i 11' tiny. ti and !<'filial 1114 tl'o 1 lo?i%r ol the
valv- o> -le.tni engine*; * and tn<' Cu'iinii-^M'iici ot J'at-
eiils. k- 1km t-hj i/.cd and dn ecu d to n.<-i i\o t ueh ap ,
plication and to pierced wall the >anic, b\ ad\ ei ti-inii and ;
otiiciu inc. m the niamxi jiic eti'x'dh} law i" onpnal ap ;
phration^'ioi the e\U'U-iuti o" panut-, a-.d up ill the iie.u - !
itig or'-uch npph"u:ion, liu thuil extend t'e1 p item mi "•even i
veai^ fiom tin- date ol lu> dcci.-io.i thej^oi, or 1 eject the ap- ■
plication I01 eUen-ion upon the rules- and leeul Uions <;ov- ,
ei nnitf the (Jommiv-ionu ol Patents ui hi-s decision ol c«i=c-?
of extension
Sue 3J. Jhul he it father cnactcd, That if said patent
should be extended, an valid all engine- contain uc>ai dim -
piovuiie tit-, wiueii have Ixvn coi!--tiuet>,d between the ,
date- of the evpitatmn o! >ah1 01 ijmul patent and ol the ic- .
ncwal thereof, .-hall be held to have been lawfully con-
Ptiuetcd. and tiic ownei- tiieieo! -Ihili lie entitled tou-e the
same, m>uvithstandiii<J the said lettoi - p.'t i;nt m the 1 enewai
tlieiool. !
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is for a rehearing. It
lias been rejected, I suppose, by the Commis-
sioner.
Mr. YULEE. - Without the opportunity of a
rehearing, and the courts have sinso decided to
the contrary.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We!!, s>r, if it is a ques-
tion upon winch the courts and Commissioner
d'tfer, I object to it.
Mr. YULEE. Very well; let it go.
CON CCAR APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MASON. The committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. GG6) making apnropi unions for
< the consular and diplomatic t xpt uses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30tu ot .Tunc,
lbGO, have met and consuhutd the same, and, af-
ter full and ftee confuence, recommend to their
respec;ve Houses that the House of Representa-
tives iccede from its disagreement to the fifth '
amendment of the Senate, and that the Senate re-
cede from us eighth amendment to the bill, disa- 1
greed to by the House of Representatives. I move 1
that the Senate concur in the report.
Mr. KING. Let it be read, so that we can un-
derstand what it is.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Ilou-et, 011 the bill (II It. No. 660) making appre-
puation? for the consular and diplomatic expense* ot'the
Government for the year endins the liOtli of June. 3860, hav-
ing met and considered the same, and, aftei full and free
conference thereon, have aurml to leconiniemJ, and do
leeoinmend. to their respective IJou-e-\ as follows :
That the House of Uepie^ontative- recede itoin its di?.v
greeinent to the fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same.
Thar the Senate recede from Us eighth amendment to the
said biil disagieed to by the iiou-e ot Uepsej-entauves.
JAMEr* >1. MAbON,
.JEFFERSON DAYIH,
WILLTAM II. REWARD,
Committee on Hip. pent of the Senate,
ii. W HOPKINS,
i) RiTcnn:.
II. WINTER DW1S.
Committee on the yart. of the House.
Mr. PUGH. Let the Secretary read the amend-
ment from which we are asked to recede.
Mr. KING. Let thorn both be read.
Mr. MASON. The Senate made sundry amend-
ments to the bill. The House agreed to all of
them except two, and upon those two the com-
mittee of conference made their report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New York wish them read? #
Air. PUGH. I only ask foi the reading of the
amendment from which we arc to recede. I do
not care about the rest.
Mr. KING. I wish them all lead.
The Secretary read them. The House recede
fioni its disagreement to the fifth amendment of
the Senate, which war., in the ci^'ity-fmh line of
the bill, to insert the wo id " fifty " alter the wmds
" one hundred," so that ll shall read:
Tor compensation nf the enmmwioner, «eerefaiv, chief
ai-nononi! 1 and -uivevoi. a— i-tant a-uonomP! and «ur-
ve\or. cleik. and toi pjnvi.-ion-', tian-poiiauon. and con-
tuig< nc 1 e> o! the eo:uini--ion to am and men k the hoiuulaty
line botu ecu tnc United .State- and the 131 iti-h posse-sion-,
$150,000.
The Senate recede from its eighth amendment,
winch was to inser','
J]ml he it /uilher en'uterf. That no mote monev daring
the fi>i,nl j car commencing July 1, 18^0, -hall he. c\pemh d
for the objects herein piovuied loi, than the amount appio
puated in thw bill, touctlier v% ah Mich amounts* 01 the per-
manent and mdeiiiiite appiopnation-, a- may be applicable
thcieto
Air. PUGH. I think that is the best amend-
ment that wa^ made to the bill.
The PLIES! DING OFFICER. The question
is on roncuirm^ 111 the repoit of the committee
of conference.
The repoit was concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Aui::c, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following* omol!i;d hilJa
and je.mt resolution; and they were signed by
the Vice President:
A bill (>S. No. 223) for the relief of Fiances
Ann MeCauley;
A bill (S.JNo. 229) for the relief of Jane Turn-
ball;
A bill (S. No. C23) making an appropriation
for deepening channel over the St. Clair Hals,
in the State of Ahelu^ar;
A bill (li. R. No 353) for the relief of Eh W.
Goff:
A bid (II. R. No. Til) making appropriations
for the iejris\uive. executive, and judicial "Xpenses
of Goveiiiinent for the year ending; June 30,
18G0;and
A joint resolution (S. No. 57) in relation to
the removal of obstruct.ons to navigation in the
mouth of the Mississippi.
i CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
| Tiie Sena'e, as in Committee the Whole,
I resumed the consideration ot the bill (11. R. iNo
i 713) making appropriations for sundiy expenses
[ of the Government for the year cnd.ng the 30th
' of June, lcSGO
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
| question is on the amondiPenit offered by the Cum-
| mittce on Finance, as amended, to nuthonze the
i reissue of ^20,000,000 of Treasury notes.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
taken now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon this ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2-i, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS-*-Mea*rs. Allen, B.ivaid, Benjamin, Bigler, Cling-
man, Davis, Fitch, Gieen, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Iver-
!-on, Jones, Malloiy, Mason, Peatce, Polk, Pugli, Reid,
Rice. ShiehK Shdeil. Ward, and Yulee—24.
NAYri—Mes>rs. Broderick, Cameion, Clatk. Bixon.Doo
little, x-'oot, llalc, Ilarlan, Simmons, aud Wilson—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Air. HUNTER. I am through with the amend-
ments in my charge.
" Mr. SLIDELL. I have an amendment to offer.
I will state it. Tt. is to insert m the bill an appro-
priation of $350,000 towards the completion of
the custom-house at New Orleans, according to
the estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury. I
will prepare it and send it to the Chair.
Mr. IJIGLER. While the Senator from Lou-
isiana is preparing his amendment, I will send
one up to the desk from the Committee on the
Post Ofiice and Post Roads.
Air. SLIDELL. The amendment can be reduced
to writing by the Secretary. It is in conformity
with the estimate of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to appropriate §350,000 for the completion
of the custom-house at New Orleans.
Air. HUNTER. Mr. President, the House
cut down the. appropi iations for these custom-
houses, leaving only the outstanding balance for
the purpose ot keeping them in a state of preser-
vation. I think,in the present state of the finances,
they did wisely to cut down navy yards. They
have suspended other public buildings, and 1 do
not see why they should not suspend this one
also. The Senator from Louisiana knows that I
uniformly voted for the estimates for this building
until now. I think that it will do no mischief to
these buildings to wait awhile. I understand that
the building "at New Oilcans settled rapidly last
year, more, perhaps, that year than any other
since it was commenced; and I think it will do no
harm to it if weailow it to wait for another year.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 do not want to occupy the
time of the Senate unnecessarily, but I will state
that, however much the custom-house at New
Orleans may have settled, the settling has been
regular, and does not in the slightest degree im-
pair the stability of tiie building. I will state
some facts m connection with this custom-house,
and [ will endeavor to be as brief as possible.
The site of the custom-house, which would
to-day, in the public market, if sold under the
hammer at auction for cash, bring $600,000, was
given by the city of New Orleans for the express
purport of having a custom house elected upon
it. I do not pretend at all_to enter into the ques-
tion whether the ouginul plan of this custom-
house was judicious. Perhaps I might have said
it was commenced on too magnificent a scale; but
the sum of t-,3,000,000, or something approaching
that amount, has been already expended upon
it. It is intended to accommodate all the offices
in Now Olieans—the post office, custom-house,
court, land ollices—in fact, theie is nothing con-
nected with the administration of the Govern-
ment of the United States in that section of the
country that is not to be carried on under that
roof, ft anpeiWR, by the estimate of the Secretary
of the Treasury, that, on the 30th day of June
next, but 343,9-1.3 will remain unexpended of the
appropt latum now aprdicai.de for th^ purposes of
completing that budding. Tiie bill making ap-
propriations for the postal service ot the country,
if I mistake not. renewed all the appropilations
winch would, huve expired on the 30th of June,
lt\50,aop]j( able to buildings throughout the whole
exti nt of the; country, which have not been com-
menced, rn\ ny of them not at all, called lor by
the exig. nc'es 'if the public service, many of them
in opposition to any policy that would be pui su^a
to-day. The custom-house at New Oilcans is
now \e>y near completion. To arrest its progress
would certainly not be consistent with the eco-
nomical policy which I have always advocated;
and I am sure my friend on my light, the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, will say that
I have sustained lum with as much consis:ency
, as any man on the tloor of the Senate I am sure
| he will do me that justice.
: Now, the question is, whether this building,
1 commenced and prosecuted during a series of ten
