1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
tie upon, occupy, and cultivate, the lands of the
Government. Now, if this proviso be left in the
bill, towns and villages may be built up on these
lands under preemption rights by persons who
are engaged in other pursuits than the occupation
and cultivation of the soil. They will, under this
proviso, be entitled to take preemptions upon the
public lands when they may be engaged in other
pursuits, and living in towns or villages, and
when, indeed, they do not come within the scope
of the preemption system. I can perceive no good
in the proviso; but I can think it will greatly en-
large the scope of the preemption laws.
Mr. COBB. The objcct the gentleman has in
view is a very good one, and I agree with him in
it; but if he will examine the entire section he
will see that his amendment may work great in-
justice. By striking out the entire proviso, he
will do great injustice. By striking out after the
word " section," in the forty-fourth line, it would
permit those who live upon a quarter section
jointly, to enter jointly, which they ought to be
entitled to do. I trust the gentleman will modify
his amendment as I suggest.
Mr. REAGAN. The chairman of the commit-
tee will perceive that the other portions of the bill
will cover the object he has stated. If they do
not, then let this proviso be stricken out, and an
amendment he offered to cover those who may be
now excluded, but who are entitled to preemptions
under the spirit of the law. 1 do not wish a pro-
viso inserted under which every citizen of a vil-
lage or town may be entitled to preempt land upon
which he is not at all located.
Mr. COBB. For the sake of facilitating the
passage of the bill, I shall not resist the motion
of the gentleman from Texas. The bill contains
very few provisions. It has been well matured
The subject has been examined by the Secretary
of the Interior, and he is satisfied with the bill.
In fact, the bill originated m the Department of
the Interior, and was sent to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The bill has been laid upon the desks of mem-
bers, and every gentleman has had an opportu-
nity of examining and understanding it. The
first section provides that the settlers on land may,
after the occupancy of it for, say, three months,
have the right to preempt it. Some gentlemen
suggest that the period of occupancy should be
six months. You, Mr. Speaker, must.have trav-
eled to the West and become familiar with the
abuses that are practiced under the present pre-
emption law; and if you have a conscience, as I
believe you have, you must have deplored the
amount of perjury that is committed under this
law, in distant Torritoiies. You may have trav-
eled with a friend in Minnesota, and noticed that
for distances of twenty miles there was not a sol-
itary settlement, while every foot of ground was
probably claimed by speculators. Was that the ;
spmt of the preemption act. which requires actual
settlement and cultivation to entitle a settler to
preempt a quarter section at $1 25 an acre? Or
was not the object of the preemption law to en-
courage the bona fide settlement and cultivation of
the public lands r If the latter was the object, it
has been entirely thwarted by the manner m
which settlements have been recognized. At pres-
ent, men swear to everything that the law pre-
scribes to be sworn to. I do not mean to say any
thing disrespectful to the people of the West; but
if we have become so degenerate in this age as to
be ready to swear falsely in land cases, it is our
duty as legislators to so fix the laws as to guard
against the commission of fraud by perjury. That
can be done, we think, by fixing the time for oc-
cupation at three months continuously, before the
settler is entitled to preempt. As I stated a mo-
ment ago, it is quite usual for four men A, B, C,
and D, to take a load of sheathing and plank, put
it on a two-ox wagon, and, with this lumber, put
up four shanties on four different quarter sections,
stay there but one night, come back next morn-
ing, and swear for each other that they were ac-
tual settlers and occupiers. It has been said that
a western house is a house on wheels, miming
from quarter section to quarter section, so as to
enable men to preempt. Is that the object of th£
preemption law ? I think not.
Mr. REAGAN. What I want to provide
against is the giving to persons who are settling
in towns and villages the privilege of preempting
quarter sections which they are not really en
gaged in cultivating.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman and myself will
not fall out about that. I only want to correct !
the abuses tljat are practiced. I know this to be
a fact, that men who live in villages £0 otit and
stay one night on a quarter section of land, come
back to the village, and continue to live there,
and yet preempt land which they do not culti-
vate; while real settlers who would go out, make
valuable improvements, and raise their famiheson
the land, find that all the land in the country is
taken up, and have to go further on, and loeate
on lands too poor to be taken up by these specu-
lators.
As to striking out this sixth section, I have no
objection to it; and even if the gentleman insists
on striking out the other provision, which he
thinks might be used to give the land to specula-
tors, I have no objection to that. My object is
to get at the gist of the thing; and if we make
but one step towards reform, now let us make it.
Mr. GROW. I desire to make an inquiry,
with the consent of the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. COBB. I am going to move the previous
question.
Mr. GROW. I desire to inquire,with the con-
sent of the gentleman from Alabama, if the amend-
ment that I proposed yesterday, preventing the
sale of the public lands, under the proclamation
of the President, until the lands shall have been
surveyed for ten years, is a pending amendment
to this bill ? I do not propose to occupy the time
of the House in discussing it now.
Mr. COBB. If it is the pleasure of the House
to sustain the previous question, they can then
vote on the bill, and either pass or reject it. I
hope they will not send it to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAVANAUGII. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw thedemand for the previous ques-
tion. This subject ought to be ventilated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there a motion
pending to refer the bill?
The SPEAKER. There is no such motion
pending.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee Well, if the pre-
vious question is insisted on, I shall move to lay
the bill upon the table.
Mr. COBB. Well, I will withdraw the pre-
vious question, and leave the matter with the
House.
Mr. CAVANAUGXi. I desire to know if it
would be in order now to move to strike out, in the
twenty-sixth line, the woxds "twelve months,"
and insert "five years?"
The SPEAKER. No further amendment is
in order.
Mr. PIJELPS, of Minnesota. I wish to say
a woid in regard to the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] believ-
ing that hn entirely misappiehended the object of
the proviso which he proposes to stuke out.
Mr. REAGAN. Let me state to the gentle-
man, before he undertakes to show that I am
wrong, that the first section provides for precisely
what the gentleman from Alabama desnes, with-
out the proviso.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. The proviso
which the gentleman proposes to strike out is in-
tended to carry out the previous provision of the
bill. Gentlemen must recollect, in order to un-
derstand fully the provisons of this bill, that pre-
emption rights are guarantied to settlers on the
public lands before the public surveys. Now, two
settlers may have located on the same quarter-
quartet section, and the object of this proviso is
merely to enable them jointly to preempt the fort y
acres on which they are jointly living, and other
land outside of that quarter-quarter section, so
that each settler may have one hundred and sixty
acres. This seems to me to be entirely just.
Mr* REAGAN. That is all right; but it is pro-
vided for in the body of the section, without the
proviso.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. But in order to
make a preemption, it is necessary to erect a
house, and two settlers may have erected thjeir
dwellings on the same quarter-quarter section. 3?or
that reason, this proviso is eminently just. It
makes the other provisions of the bill consistent;
and as the existing preemption laws embody the
same principle, it merely carries out the just pol-
icy of the Government. I think the proviso should
be retained as a part of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, the -
first scction of this bill, 1 believe, proposes to
amend the preemption laws; and, with the excep-
tion of the second proviso, which the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Reagan] proposes to strikeout,
it seems to be all for the settlers for the purpose
■of cultivation; but it does j>eem to me, that the
second proviso which the gentleman proposes to
strike out is intended, or wjU haveuhe effect at
ltiast, to coxier all locations or preemptions upon
town sires where they may have built towns,
and each man may have his preemption. Now,
sir, I have no objection to any amendment of the
law providing for the benefit of the settler—*the
man who proposes to make the cultivation of the
soil his vocation. But, sir, it seems to me that
the second section of the bill will not be calculated
to piomote the benefit or interests of the agricul-
turist—the cultivator of the soil. Sir, the second
section proposes to extend the preemption-policy
of the country to the reserved sections upon the
lines where the alternate odd sections have been
given by this Government to the railroads.
Mr COBB. The preemption is granted at
$2 50 per acre.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Exactly; I know
that. I am opposed to the raised price of the re-
served sections. I would cut down the price to
fifty cents to actual settlers. But, sir, 1 do not
know that there is any specific time fixed for ad-
vertising the sale of public lands I suppose it
is not less than sixty or eighty days in any case.
Mr. COBB. Not less than ninety days.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Now, sir, the price
of these lands has been increased to $250 an acre,
in consequence of the grant of half of them to the
railroads. They are not subject, at present, to
preemption: they are not subject to private entry
after the railioad sections shdll have been select-
ed, until, after ninety days' notice by the Presi-
dent's pioclamation, they shall be again brought
into market and offered nt public sale; and such
as will not bring $2 50 an acre at public sale are
then subject to private entry, as I understand, at
$2 50 per acre.
Mr. COBB. At $2 50 per acre.
Mr- JONES, of Tennessee. The President, by
proclamation, issued ninety days before, gives
notice that upon a certain day he will bring into
market the reserved sections upon any given line
■ of lailroad. At any tinv, not under flirty days
before the time fixed by the proclamation for such
sale, those lands may he preempted and taken up
at 50 per acre, and are, of course, withdrawn
from sale.
Mr. COBB. The preemptor must have resided
continuously for three months on the surveyed
lands. The thirty days refers to the unsurveyed
lands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that.
Undfr this bill, if the lands are preempted for more
than thirty days before the time fixed by proc-
lamation for their sale, the pretimntor has a right
to take them at$2 50 peracrc without theirbeins^
offered for sale at all. Now, wlio is it that will
probably get preemptions for all the most valu-
able lands upon these lines of railroads ? Is it per-
sons from my country, or from yours, or from
any of the States—farmers who are in quest of
lands for settlement and cultivation? No, sir;
there will probably be railroad contractors all along
the lines, and they will have hands at work upon
the road, and thirty days'settlement—not cultiva-
tion—will give thoso contractors and their hands
a right to preemption, and they can take up all the
reserved lands upon the line before the time when
they are to be oilered for sale. Now, sir, it is that
provision of the bill which I think is^iot exactly
in accordance with sound policy. If you will fix
your preemption laws, and see that the man who
preempts it shall go and live upon the quarter sec-
tion, or that he shall make at least one crop upon
it, or that his business shall be that of farmer or
agriculturist, and that he preempts the land for set-
tlement, then I will go as far as the furthest; I will
give the settler the public land at any price that
you may choose to fix—I do not care how low.
I will reiterate upon this occasion what I have
before stated, that if my policy in regard to the
public lands should pievail, \ \vould*rcpcai all
laws authorizing or requiring the public lands to
