1574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
make no objections to its continuation; but I say
it is one of the strongest arguments that can be
presented to the Secretary of the Treasury, to in-
duce him togo on and execute the other works
which ho is specially directed by law to execute.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely wish to say, that if
we adopt this amendment, I see no end 16 it, ex-
cept that we shall get all the custom-houses put
upon this bill. If this is not a time to retrench
and suspend public, works, that time can never be.
We have expended largely upon this building. I
am willing, when the Tteasury is in a better con-
dition, to finish it; but I think there are good
grounds for suspending it now, from the fact
stated in the repoit of the engineer, that the sub-
sidence of the building was greater last year than
it lias been for some time.
But, independently of that, I think the condi-
tion of the Treasury is such that we ou<iht to ap-
ply a general lule, and -suspend them all, where
it can be done without too great a loss of public
money. Now, the House proposes to devote to
the preservation of these buildings the amount
of outstanding appropriation, which, I presume,
will be enough to ptevent them from suffering
loss. If this amendment should be adopted, )
suppose, according to the rules of equity and of
justice, we shail have to put the others on. 1
simply wish to remind the Senate that we have
upon this bill, already, an amendment for the le-
issue of Treasury notes, upon which depends the ■
safety of ti\e Treusm y from nhsoiute displace, or |
else a veiy eaily eal! of an exna session. I am j
unwilling to overload this hill with debatable,
matter. But, independently of the other subject j
in regard to Treasury notes, m the present eon- |
dition of the Tieasury I am unwilling to ngiee J
to this amendment; because, if 1 do, i see no end ;
of it except bunging tlx m all on. That will be i
the leMtlt. j
Mr. 1MGLRR. I de-ore to oiler an amendment !
to the non ijdnn in of ihe Senator from Louisiana.
1 move to stuke out "^350,000," and inxeiti
" $3)0,OUO." That will enable them togo on thus ;
year.
Mr. SLIDftLL. I will accept that amend-
ment.
The PUKSlDING OKFICKR. The question
is on the amendment as modified.
Mr. TUUUIiUM, 1 do not altogether a ree
with the Senatoi tioni .New York, lie says he
has no objection io (Ins a ppmpj iat io n . 1 think ;
if is tune, luijh time, that we should stop appio- J
printing money fu this luulditi". i take it, a:
building suitable fur a custom-house at :New Or- j
leans can be commenced from the foundation and
built with the amount of appi opnat ion that is j,
now n^ked io <^o on with this Imilding. Three |
bundled and fifty thousand dollars,! take it, will i
build as  ood a building as they ought to have '
tbeie. The custom-house at I'hiUuh Iphui cost j
but Utile more than that
Mr KING. If my ft lend will allow me, i did i
not ekpress any intention to mippoi t t his amend-
ment. I simply designed to say that 1 had not '
examined this question. 1 thought it well enough
to eomplite i his _ building, upon which a laiL',e:
amount had been expended. I did not speak of
it p.uticuhuly. Hut one very gie.it objection to
it is, that n is stau-il n cannot stand, and evei v re-
poi! shows thai I he building t* com immlly sink- .
ing.
Mr. TIM"M !>t'LT, Now, sn , v, hen we have
commenced a building, on a scale to enriy out !
which will cor-t moie than it will to begin a new 1
building of suitable dimensions and finish it, 1 1
think we had Ik tier abandon ihe extiavagant plan
upon which we haw- commenced, and erect a
building of suitable dimeiiMons. I called atten-
tion to l lie appro pi ian oj is tor tho^e custom-houses
at New Oi leans and Ohaiieston last year, and oh- ;
jected then to the appropi i.UJon of about half a
million of mom y to those two boiidmgs; but 1
was von d (low u in the Senate. Now, we have a
proposition reoewi'd bete ag.un, .going on appro-
priating money tor these builduigx, for 1 suppose
the Chat ies ton custom-house will come in next, at 1
the rate ofabout ualfa million a year, without any 1
estimate to show what they are ultimately to cost.
"Why, sir, tins building at New Orleans, for the
accommodation of the custom-house, lias already
cost half as much as this whole Capitol, with ail
us wings. Think of m half as much as this :
large Capitol hero has been appropriated to con- ,
struct a custom-house in the single city of New
Orleans, and now $350,000 more are asked. I find,
by looking at the repoit, since my attention was
called by the Sena-tor from Louisiana to the sink-
ing of the building, that it is stated here that the
maximum settlement, during the past year, has
been three and a half inches, and the minimum
settlement, sixty-six hundredths of an inch ; thus
sinking, as 1 understand the report, three inches
more upon one pai t of the building than upon the
other. It seems that, from 1851, the maximum*
settlement has been twenty inches and the mini-
mum settlement thirteen inches, showing a differ-
ence of seven inches. Can walls stand that way
and sink that way without cracking?
Mr. BENJAMIN. They always do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They always do! Well,
it is very strange that one part of the building
can sink twenty inches and another thirteen, and
still all stand perfectly well. Last year one part
of this building sunk upwards of three inches and
other portions less than one, a difference of three
inches. It must be a peculiar kind of ground
they have in New Orleans that has that stretch-
able quality about it.
It is to such a bnildmg as that, to which has al-
ready been appropriated $2,925,258, that this
large appiopuation is asked at this time. I find,
also, and I ask the attention of the Senator from
Virginia to this point, that the amount withdrawn
to the 30th of September, 185S, that is last Sep-
tember, was $2,576,312 62; balance applicable on
the 1st of October last, $348,945 38. I understood
the Senator from Louisiana to say that the bal-
ance was only about $43,000. He must have a
late report, 1 imagine.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from Illinois
will permit me, that is the balane.e^according to
the estimate of the Secietaiy of the. Treasury,
which will remain on the 30th of June, 1859, ap-
plicable to the rxnenditure of the building.
M r. TRTJ.V1 HULL. Then that is a statement
in advance of what will remain on the 30th of
June next.
Mr. SLIDRLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMUULL. 1 appichend, then, that
these is now between three and four hundred
thousand dollars, which are available for taking
eaie of ihis InnIdnig.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from Illinois
wil! permit me, I do not wish to prolong this dis-
cussion, but I will ^tate why the unexpended
balance has been so large in October, in conse-
quence of the severe and fatal epidemic that pre-
vailed in New Oi leans during: four or five months,
a peiiod of unexampled duration, the works were
necessarily suspended upon that building and the
ordinary expenses of the summer were not maUe
That is the cause of the apparently large balance
remaining on that day.
Mr. TUUMHULL. Then it seems that this
large balance has aiisen from the unusual preva-
lence of an epidemic there last summer; but still
the balance lemams, unless it has been used up
since October, and we have no evidence of that.
11 seems there will be a balance at the close of the
fiscal yeat ending the 30th of June, of $48,000,
as I understand from the Senator from Louisiana.
Now, I think, the balance which will remain then
w ill be sufficient, together wuli what must be now
then—the exact amount I cannot tell, but I sup-
pose it. must ben much lat ger amount than $48,000,
for it is not likely that they have used the $300,000
since October
Mr. IJENJAM1N. The whole balance in Sep-
tember last was what the Senator has read. Then
the estimate states that all that would be left on
the 30th of June next unexpended of that balance
will lie $4H,945. The remainder of the sum will
have been exhausted in the interval in the pay-
ment of want's and contiacts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The remainder will have
been exhausted, I imagine, if they go o„n and do as
much woik as they expected to do when these
estimates were made. There is an estimate made
out at about the same time this finance report was
prepared, it is an estimate, of course, based upon
the idea that they would be able to do such an
amount of work as required the sum of ^300,000
to pay for, between the time of making the esti-
mate and the 30th of June next. Whether they
wiil be able to do that amount of work or not, I
do i;ot know; but if they are informed now, by
this bill, that no additional money is to be appro-
priated, I apprehend that they will not expend
that amount in going on with the building, but
rather will turn it to taking care of the property
and protecting the building from exposure.
Mr. SLIDELL. Veiy much the largest por-
tion of that unexpended balance will not be ap-
plied to the payment of work done in New Or-
leans upon the building,but to immediate conti acts
for the delivery of granite from New Hampshire,
and iron from Pennsylvania, that will be delivered
within that period. A very littie portion of it
will be applied to the mere work on the building.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These are details that, of
course, we cannot go into here. One Senator
from Louisiana supposed it would be applied to
the payment of workmen, and the other thinks it
will be for material. 1 do not know how that is.
Mr. SLIDELL. I say,both.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The fact is, there was
this amount of$348,000 on the IstofOctober last,
and the estimate is, that there will be $48,000 of
it on hand on the 1st of July. That is a sufficient
sum, in my judgment, to protect the building,
and I trust no additional appropriation will be
made now for continuing the work on this cus-
tom-house, or at any future time, until we have
an estimate from the engineer, letting us know
exactly what it will take to finish the building,
and until it has ceased sinking at the rate of three
and a half inches a year, and until we can have
some assurance that this great pile, erected at an
expense of three or four million dollars, is not to
tumble down.
If we mean anything by what is said daily
about retrenching the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, surely here is an appropriate place to
begin to do it. The idea of such a building as
that is being erected in any city of the Union for
the accommodation of custom-house clerks, seems
to me to be monstrous. The building in the city
of New York, where the greater portion of our
revenue is collected, has only cost the Govern-
ment $1,100,000; that in Boston, only about one
million one hundred thousand dollars; that in
Philadelphia, less than one half that amount; and
I here is already appropriated for this building in
; New Orleans about three million dollars; and the
• amount now asked to continue the work upon
which is large enough to commence and finish a
suitable building for the purpose.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state that I have agreed
to the modification of the amendment by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. It will then read:
For the completion of the custom-house at New Oilcans,
in contbrmry with the estimate ot" the iSecietary of the
TreaMiiy, /3>:i00,000.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. KENNEDY, when his name was called,
said: I have paired off with the Senator from Al-
abama, [Mr. Clay.]
The icsult was then announced—yeas 16, nays
27; as follows:
YF<AS—Mcj-ms. Allen, Benjamin, Bugler, Blight,Brown,
D.ivif., (Jreon, Hammond, Houston, I vei->oir; Jones, Lane,
Malloiv, I'olk, Glided, and VVaid—10.
NAYS—Ba\aid, 15iod -iick, Chandler. Claik,
Clubman, Cellamei, JJtxnn, Doohtth*, J)on«jlat=, Dutkoe,
Fowuden, Fiteh, Foot, Fo-aet, Hale, Hamlin, Haiian,
Hunter, Johnson ot'Tennewe, King, Mason, Tugh, itenl,
ckuait, Trumbull, VYade, and Yuiee—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DA.VIS. I wish to present an amendment
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds:
For making the necessary alterations to the rooms as-
signed to iliu Court of Claims, including the removal of the
painuon between the rooms loimei !y occupied by the Sen-
ate Committees on Military A ft airs and on Indian Affairs,
$j,UU0.
I will merely state to the Senate that, when the
Senate took possession of this wing of the Capi-
tol, the Court of Claims was necessarily compelled
to give up the rooms which they occupied; and,
in making some provision for them, they were
put m the rooms foimerly occupied by the Com-
mittees on Naval Affairs, Military Affairs, and
Indian Affairs, of the Senate. Neither of the
rooms is large enough, however, for the business
of the court. To make it so, it would be neces-
sary to knock away a part of the wail which di-
vided the room of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs from that of the Committee on Military
Affairs, which can be done without any injury to
the building, with some minor arrangements in
relation to heating and ventilation, and will cost,
