4m
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
•be offered at public sale. I would repeal all laws
authonzing or permitting any of the public lands
to be located by private entry by non-occupants
and cultivators, I would, from this day forward,
sell the public lands to no person unless he should
he the actual occupant of the piece of land en-
tered by him. I would never sell an acre to a
non-resident; I would keep it for settlement ex-
clusively by farmers and cultivators of the soil,
and that at a very low price. I hold that at what-
ever price Hhe Government parts with its land,
that is the price the cultivator should pay. I
never would permit a capitalist or cultivator to
purchase a single acre unless upon the condition
of occupation and cultivation.
I think this Govern men i has no right, or i fit has
the right, it is an unjust policy to the s,reat body
of people who give the lands their value, that they
should beputinto the market,and be bought up by
the capitalists and speculators in large quantities
to be held by them until the cultivator wants them.
Sir, without his labor, without cultivation, the
lands would never be worth anything. It is the
cultivation6 that gives them their value. Then I
say that, when this Government parts with its
land, it should part with it to the actual settler
and cultivator at a very low puce—at ten cents or
fifteen cents per acre if you please, or at any other
price which it is within the ability of any one who
wants to cultivate the soil to pay. 1 move to refer
the bill and amendments to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
printed.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to withdraw that amendment for a mo-
ment.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. The motion does
not preclude discussion.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not want to discuss it. I
want to oiler a substitute for the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion to the substitute being offered, and then let
the bill and amendments go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. 1 will with-
draw the motion temporarily for that purpose.
Mr. BLAItt. 1 then move to strike out all
except the enarting clause, and insert what I send
to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I think I have
the right to move to perfect the original bill before
a substitute is oO'eied.
The SPEAKER. There are already two
amendments pending to the original lull.
Mr. GROW. I desire to move an amendment
to the substitute. I move to amend by adding the
following;
Tie it finlhi-r enactcd, That from and after the passage of
tin* act no public land shall be"e\posed to sale by procla-
mation ol tbc President, unless the ^ame shall have been
fun veyed, and the return ot such '-mvej doty tiled in the
Land Other ioi ten year- oi moie before Mich *,ale.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Now let tin* bill
and amendments go to the Committee of the
Whole on tin1 state of (he Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the amend-
ment which he now oilers was offered by lnm
yesterday, and is now [tending.
Mr. GROW. That was to the original bill. I
offer this to the substitute, which 1 think I have
the right to do.
Mr. COBB. I object to the substitute on the
ground tlnit it is not germane to the original bill,
i ask the Chair whether it is germane ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not heard
the substitute read.
Mr. CORB. I make that question of order, and
ask that the substitute be read.
The substitute offered by Mi. Blair was read,
as follows:
Strike out all aft cm tin; enacting clause, and insert a-i fol-
lows:
That any per^n who Is the head of a family, and a cm
seen of the'fJnin d States at the date of Uie pa^a-;e of rhi- 
act, sJiall, fiom and niter the pa-^tnje nf tin? act, be enti-
tled toentei one quaiter section ol vacant and unuppm-
priated public land--, or a quautm equal thereto, to be lo-
cated ma bod>. in conformity with the leuai subdivisions
ot the public kinds, and after the same shall hu\e been sur-
veyed.
Sec. 2. Jhxdbe it further enacted, That the pet son npph mg
for the benefit of Uu« act <«hai!, upon application to the let-
ter of the land ofheem which heot the is about to make -iich
entry, make affidavit before the said register that he oi sne
the head of a family, and is not tiie owner of anv estate inland
at the tune of such application, and has not di-po.-ed of any
estate in land to obtain the benefits of tins act; and upon
making the affidavit as above required, and filing the affida-
vit with theiegister,heorsheshall theieupon be permitted to
enter the quantity of land already specified: Provided, hoio-
et'er,Timt no certificate shall be given,or patent l^ued there-
for, until the expiration of five yeats fiom the dote of such en-
try; and if, at the expiration of such time, the pen-on making
such entry, or, if lie lie dead. In* widow. t>r in ease of her
death', his heir-* or devisee, or in ca-*e of a widow making
such entry, her heirs or devisee, m case of her death, shall
prove by two credible witnesses that he, she, oi they, have
continued to reside upon and cultivate said land, and still
reside upon the same, and have not alienated the same, or
any part thereof; then, m such case, he, she, or they, shall
be entitled to a patent, as m other cases pidvidedfor by law:
And provided further, In case of the death of both father
and mother, leaving an infant child or children under four-
teen years of age, the right and the fee shall inure to theben-
"efit of said uitant child or children; and the executor, ad-
ministrator, or guaidian, may, at any time within two years
after the death of the surviving parent, sell said land for the
benefit of said infants, but for no otliei pin pose; and the
puichascr shall acquirc the absolute title by the purchase,
and be entitled to a patent from the United States.
Sec. 3 And be it further enacted, That the register of the
land oilice shall note all such applications on the tiaet
books and plats of hi? office, and keep a register of all such
enliies, and make return thereof to the Gencial Land
Office, together with the proof upon which they have been
founded.
Sec. 1. And be it farther enacted, That no land acquired
under the provisions of this act, shall m any event become
liable to the satisfaction of any debt or debts contracted
pnoi to the issuing ot the patent theiefot.
Sep. o And be it further enacted. That if, at any time
aftei filing the affidavit as required in the second section of
tin-* act, <tnd beibie the expnation of the five year* afote-
r-aid, it shall be proven by two or mote les-pectable wit-
ncr.se.-5 upon oath, to the «atislaetion of the teyistei of the
land office, that the peison having tiled Mich affidavit
have actually changed his or hci foj-ideneo. ot abandoned
the said entiy, for moie than -=iv months at any one nine,
then, and in that event, the land .-o enteied shall levert
back to theOovetniiicnt, ami be deposed of a* othei public
lands aie by law.
Sec. 0. And be it further enroled, That if any person now
a resident of any one of the State* oi Tcintories, and not
a citi/en of the 'United States, but at the tune of making
[ such application fot the benefit of tins act .shall have hied
| a declaiation of intention, as icquiied byih" natuiahzation
| law* ot (he United States, and shall become a citizen of
1 the *aiue before the issuance of the patent, as piovided for
| in this act. .such peison shall be placed upon an equal toot-
i nig with the native-born citizen of the nutted States.
I Src. 7. And h  U faithcr enabled. That no individual
| shall he peinutted to make more than one entiv undei the
\ pioMsions ot this act: and that the Commissioner of the
tienci al Land Office is heicby reqiuicd to piepaic and i-sue
! Mich rules and lobulations, consistent with tins act. a-* shall
| be necessity am} piopei to carry its piovi.-mns into effect;
| and that the legisteis and reeeiveis of these vet a! land offices
shall be entitled to receive the same eompen-ation tut any
lands patented under the provisions ot this act as they aie
now entitled to iceeive when the same quantity of laud is
enteied with money to he paid by the partv to whom the
patent shall bo issued • Provided, however. That all persons
enh'iing laud undei the provisions of this act shall, as near
as mav be practicable m making such entries, be confined
to ea< h .alternate quarter section, aud to land subject to pri-
vate entry : And protuled furilxr, That nothing in tins act
shall he so construed as to impair or interfere in any man-
lier whatever with existing preemption lights.
| Mr. COBB. I rise to a question of order; and
i it is (his:: that the amendment of the gentleman
! from Missouri [Mr. Rlair] is not germane to the,
| pending bill.
: The SPKA IvEU. Tlio Chair sustains tho point
1 of order, and iuk"i the amendment out of order.
I Mr. HLAIR. I take an appeal from that de-
! cirtion. 1 simply wish to say to the House that
| the bill reported from the Committee on Public
[ Lands is a hill deposing of the pubhc lauds, or a
j portion of them; and that the substitute I offer
makes a dliferent disposition of them, and is, I
conceive, both em mane and in order.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 dennmd the previous ques-
tion on the motion to refer.
' The SPEAKER. The question must be fust
i taken on the t\ pjie.i! from the decision of the Chair.
The title of the bill reported fiorn the Committee
on Public Lands describes its character; it is a
lull to amend the acts grunting rights of preemp-
' tion to settlers on the public lands of the United
; States. The amendment of the gentleman from
! Missouri is the homestead bill, and proposes to
I ^tve every man who is the head of a family a
| quarter section of land. The Cluur does not
! perceive the slightest similarity between the reg-
i ular sale of the public lands and the giving them
; away as a gratuity. The policy is a very dtftei-
| ent one where the sale is icgulated by law from
i that where the lands are given away. It would
be as competent for the gentleman to amend the
original bill reported from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands by proposing to give all the public lands
for school purposes in the several States, or to
make any other like disposition of them which
the fancy or caprice oi any member may indicate.
It is on that ground the Chair rules the amend-
mentoutof order. The question now is, ''Shall
the decision of the Chair stand §s the judgment
of the House r" \
Mr. MILLSOjN". I suppose that is debatable,
and to save the time of the House I move that
the appeal be laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
'So the appeal was laid on the table.
The previous question on the motion to refer
was seconded, and the main question ordered.
The question recurred on the motion to refer*
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with the proposed amend-
ments, and that they be ordered to be printed.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
81, hoes 73.
Mr. COBB demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Seward and
Chaffee were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes 76, noes 62.
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 90, nays 92:
YEAS — Messrs. Ahl, Andeison, Arnold. Atkins Barks-
dale, Bishop, Bocoek. Boyce. Blanch, Divan, Burnett,
Burn1:!. Btntoniili>, Catutiu'is, Ca-.kn\ Chapman. John B.
Chuk, Cockenll, James Ciai<r. Burton Ciaigo, Crawford,
Cuii). Davis ol Indiana, Davi^oi Mi^ia^ippi, Dewait,Ed-
mnml.-on, English, Eu-im, Faulknci, Cainett, Gartiell,
(iiegs;. CJioe^beck, llail.ui, Hams Hawkins, Houston,
HutrhC's. Jack-von. Jcwett, Ceor c YV. Joiic^. Keift, Lavv-
icuce, Mai lav, .MeUneen, Mcllau, Ilumplney Mai>hall,
Samuel ri. Mai-hall, Mavnntd, Mile<. iVIill«on, Moiitjzom-
erv, Mooie. Faiwaid Joy Moms 1-aae N. Munis Niblack,
NichoN, Pendleton, iVvton, John tf. Phelps. Powell, Beady,
ttea«an, Rieaud, Ritchie, Rufhn. Rn->-elI, ^andid^c, Savage,
Scales, Scwaid, Aaron Shaw, t^hoiter. Ri beii Smith,
Stephen^, Stevenson, Talbot. (leoipt' Taylot. Miles Tavior,
Ti ijijti*, lTnclet wood.Vallandi^ham, W.ulvilis, "White. Wms-
low Wood, Wooikon, Woitendyko, Augu^tii-; R Wiig'nt,
and Znlhcotlei — fiO.
NA VS—Me^i And tews, Bmsharn. Blair, Rli^. Bowie,
P.raMen, Butlinfon. Bin hncamc. (Javanaugh, Chafleo. Ezra
Clark, Iloiace F Claik, Claw-on. Cobb, John Cochrane,
Colfax. Coiuins. Covodc. Cox, Cranio, CurtH, Davis oi
Jowa,,i)awe>, Dean, Dodd, Dowdeli, Ourtee, Edie, Farns-
woith. Fenton, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gidd!iig<. Gilman,
Gilmei, Goode', Granger, Giow, Lawieuce W. Hall, Rob-
ert B. Hall, Hatch, Hoard. Hopkins, Howard, Ilujler. Owen
Jones, Keun, ICelloyg, Kel.^cy, Kilgore, Knapp, Leach,
Leidy, Lcitei, Lovejoy, Mattcson, Morgan, Motrill, Fiec-
man H. Morse, Oliver A. Moi.-e, Molt, Muiray, Ohn,
Palmer, Parket, Pettit, William W. Phelps, Pottei. Pur-
vianep, RViyee, Scott. John Sherman, Smalelon, Spinner,
S^illworth, Stanton, Jamc' A. Sfewait, William Stewart,
Tappan. Thayer, Thompson* 'J'ompKnis, Vance, Wade,
Walbmlge. W.ildion, W«vlton. Oadw.iladcr (". Washburn,
Ellihn B. Wa-ihhmne, I^iacl Wa'-hbiun, and Wilson—92.
So the House refused to refer the bill and
amendments.
Pending the call,
Mr. STEW ART, of Maryland, stated that his
colleague, Mr. K-unkcl, was too unwell to attend
the sitimsrs of the House.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
MEMBER ELECT FROM ILLINOIS.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Mr. Charles D.
Hodges, the member elect, from Illinois to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the death of Hon. T. L.
Harris, is present, and desires to be sworn in.
Mr. Hodges was then qualified by taking the
usual oath to support the Constitution of the
United States.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask leave to make a per-
sonal explanation; and, before I be«in, I desire
the Clerk to read the paragraphs from the Globe
which 1 have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
'•Mr Piiiluck I have already said that the discretion
re>f- with the President. It the President does not think
it nece—arv, he will not expend the money tor these sala-
ries But I say that the defeat of the*o appiopnationx will
not repeal Hie law of 1836. Let the gentleman from Ken-
tuck\ intioduce a bill toiepeal that jaw, or modify it. Let
him give notice of Mich a bill now. Lot him put upon the
statute book a permanent law reducing the salaries of these
ministers, and then these appropriations will not lieieal'ter
be made.
" Mr. Stanton. I would like to a.-k the gentleman wheth-
er, if the law of 1856 were repealed, and the Pie>ident were
to appoint a minister, it would not be obligatory upon us to
pay mm a reasonable compensation ?
s< Mr Phillips. I have aln-adv said that you may fix the
compensation at a mere nominal sum. Tne power is in
your own hands ; but exercise it in the right way. For one,
