1859.
TH:E CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
4H8W
I should be ashamed to legislate in this way, if there was
any other mode t>y which the same object could be accom-
plished. And no gentleman will ri%e in his place and tell me
that the object bought by the gentleman from Kentucky
cannot be leached in the mode F have pointed out.
'• Mi. Reagan. I desire to ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, if he intends to assert the principle assumed by
the gentleman from Kentucky, that because the Constitu-
tion confers this'powei on thy Piesidenf, it authorizes him
to act under that power without reference to any legislation
of Congress?
"Mr. Phillips. I mean to say that the powers of Con-
gress are restricted by the Constitution.
" Mr. Reagan. I am sorry to hear a Democrat say that.
, " Mr. Phillips, Then the gentleman had better learn a
different style 01 Democracy. I say Congiess, so far as they
can 
"Mr. Reagan: I do not refer to Congress, but to the
President."
Mr. REAGAN". I thought the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Phillips] was present; but I
do not now see him in his scat. By the printed
debates of yesterday it would appear I was in-
formed by him that he meant to say that the
powers of Congress are restricted by the Consti-
tution. In the portion of yesterday's debate,
which has been read, I am placed in the attitude
of saying that I am sorry to hear a Democrat
make such a remark; that I am sorry to hear a
Democrat assert that the powers of Congress are
restricted by the Federal Constitution. Those
who hoard the debate know well enough that I
did not assume that position. T was controvert-
ing the position, that I thought he was assum-
ing, that under the naked power given by the
Constitution to the President of the United States,
he could go on and appoint embassadors and
consuls without the aid of legislation by Con-
gress. I had understood that the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] assumed that because
the Constitution granted the President the right
to appoint foreign ministers and consuls, it was
unnecessary for Congress to legislate on the sub-
ject. I understood the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to take the same ground. It was that point
I rose to controvert.
Mr. MORGAN. I do notjike to have another
speech made here on a subject disposed of yes-
terday. I object. I think it is wrong. It is
nothing more than one speech made heie to ex-
plain another.
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague is tempo-
rarily absent; and I suggest that this matter can
all he gone over when we return to a discussion
of the consular and diplomatic bill. Then my
colleague will be here, and can make whatever
explanation may be necessary.
The SPEAKER. Is the objection insisted on?
Mr. REAGAN. I do not wish to debate the
question. I trust that the House will not allow
me to be placed in the attitude of being wrongly
reported and ridiculously reported. In saying
my position is made ridiculous, as it appears in
the debate of yesterday, I mean to impute no fault
to the reporters, or any one else. It may have
resulted from the confusion and misapprehension
of the desultory debate, orfrom a misunderstand-
ing on the part of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Phillips] and myself of what each
other said.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no desire that the
gentleman shall be placed in any false position.
Mr. REAGAN. I have only a word more to
say. Is the'objection to my proceeding insisted
on ?
The SPEAKER. It has not been waived.
Mr. REAGAN. Has any gentleman a right
to prevent my going on with a question of priv-
ilege ?
The SPEAKER. This is not a question of
privilege.
Mr. REAGAN. Not a question of privilege
"to correct an improper official report?
The SPEAKER. It has never been so re-
garded. It has been the practice, when a gentle-
man has not been placed correctly in the debates,
and he desired to set himself right, to allow him
that privilege by courtesy. I? the gentleman
makes a correction in the House, it is by the
courtesy of the House, and not because of any
privilege of his as a member here.
Mr. REAGAN. I trust, then, that there will
be no further objection to my going on.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks the
unanimous consent to proceed. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir; I object.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman,yesterday,
immediately after I made my remarks, stated that
he had misunderstood me. I hope that he will
be allowed to proceed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have an
opportunity to put himself right in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, when
the discussion is again renewed.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Does the Chair
decide that this is not a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides. It
has never, in a single instance, been held that it
was a question of privilege.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. It is difficult for
me to perceive, then, what would be a question
of privilege. I dislike to appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair. I do not know whether I have
the right to take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. Any gentleman upon this
floor has the right to take an appeal from any
decision of the Chair.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. It occurs to me
that it is absolutely necessary to the character of
the gentlemen of this House that this should be
considered a question of privilege, that when a
gentleman is placed incorrectly upon the record,
he should have the opportunity to make a cor-
rection. No member should he forced into a false
attitude before the country. I think that the gen-
tleman from New York is the only gentleman
who objects.
Mr. MORGAN. If the gentleman from Texas
says that he is not correctly reported, that his
speech is not correctly reported, there is no man
here who will object to his going on; but I do not
understand him to claim any such thing. lie has
made one statement, and now he wishes to make
another to explain it. I object.
Mr. EDIE. I object to any further debate on
the question.
PREEMPTION RIGHTS—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The Cleik will read the pend-
ing amendment which was moved by the gentle-
man from Texas.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out these words :
uJ2nd provided, further, that if, at the date of survey,
it shall be lomid that the dwelling houses or two or more
settlors are on the saint: quaiter-quaiter section, they thall
be entitled to a joint entry of sud quartd-quarter section,
and each to a eepaiate entry of other subdivisions, as here-
inbefore provided."
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hughes] will withdraw his
motion to lay upon the table.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, as
the previous question has been called.
Mr. HUGHES. I demand the yeas and nays
upon my motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his motion to lay upon the
table. This question was tested yesterday, and
a majority voted against the motion to lay upon
the table. I am anxious to get on with the busi-
ness of the House.
Mr. HUGHES. A moment ago this bill and
the amendments were nearly reforied to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. A great many
voted to refer, who would not vote to lay upon
the table.
Mr. CRAWFOUD. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If we are to spend half
an hour with a call of the yeas and nays, I will
move that the House proceed to the business upon
the Speaker's table. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will withdraw his call for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. If the motion that the House
go to the business upon the Speaker's table be not
insisted on, the question will be taken on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana.
The motion was not insisted on.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 123; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Baik&dale,
Bishop, Bocoek, Bonham, Boyee, Branch, Burnett. Bums,
Cariuher->, Ca-ikie, Cockenil, James Craig, Bui ton Craige,
Davis ot Mississippi, Dewart, Dimmick, Edmundson,Eng-
lish, Eustis, Gainett. Groesbcck, Hughes, Jowett, Guoige
W.Jones, Kent, Lawrence, JVIaclay, McQueen, Mcltea,
Humpbrev Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Miles, Miller,
Millson, Montgomery, Pendleton, Peyton,Reagan, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Ruffin, Savage, Scales, Seward, Samuel A. Smith,
Stevenson, Talbot, Underwood, Watkins, White, White-
ley, Wmslow, and Zolheoffer—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Andrews, Bennett, Bingham, Blair,
Bliss, Bowie, Brayton, Buffington, Burlingarfle, Case, Cfav-
anaugh, Chaffee, Cobb, Clark B.Cochtane, John Cochrane,
Colfax, Comins, Coming, Covode, Cragm, Crawford; Cinry,
Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Davisoflowa,Dawes,Dean,Dick. Dodd,Dow-
dell, Durfee, Edie, Fenton, Florence, Foley, Fos-ter, <3ar-
trell, Giddings, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goode, Goodwin,
Granger, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Har-
lan, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoard, Hopkins, Ilorton, Howard,
Huyler, Jackson, Owen Jones, Keim, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Kilgore, Knapp, Leach, Leidy, Lciter, Love joy, Matte-
son, Maynard, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris; Freeman H.Morse, Mott, Murray, Nib-
lack, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, John S. Phelps, William
W. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Purviance, Bobbins,
Royce, Russell, Sandidge, Scott, Searing, Aaron -Shaw,
John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Singleton,
Robert Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, Stephens,
James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Tappan, George Tay-
ior,Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe, Vailandtgham,
"Vance, Wade, Walbrnlge, Waldron, Walron, Cddwalader
C. Wnshhiirn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wortendyke, and
Augustus R. Wright—123.
So the House refused to lay the subject upon
the table.
• Pending the above call,
Mr. SANDIDGE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Davidson, was absent from the Hall because of
sickness, and that he had paired off with Mr.
Case.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Is an amendment now
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the previous ques-
tion is not exhausted.
The question was taken on Mr. 'Reagan's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Walbridge to strike out the sixth section;
which was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Grow, to add to the bill the following words:
Be it further enacted, That from and after the passage
of this act no public land shall he erposed ro sale by procla-
mation of the Pi cedent, unless the frame shall have been
Miiveyed, and the return ot such sutvey duly filed in the
Land Office for ten jears or more before such salo.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I ask the gentleman to
substitute five for ten years.
Mr. GROW. I prefer it as it is. I demand the
yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr. CURTIS. I should hke to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. BURNETT. Debate is not in oder.
Mr. CURTIiS. Then I ask for the reading of
the amendment.
The amendment was asrain read.
The question was taken; arid it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS.—Messrs. Andrews, Atkins, Aveiv, Bennett, Bil-
Imghur-st, Bingham, Blair, Blw*, Brayton, Baffin ton, Bur«
hng'tuie, Burimighs, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Chapman, Hor-,
nee F. Clark, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfax, Cnmuw,
Covode, CVfigui, Curtis, DaviV of Massachusetts, Davis of
Iowa, Dawes,.Dean, Dodd, Durfee, Edie,Farnsworth, Fen-
ton, Florence,'Foster, Giddings, Gilman, Gooch, Granger,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Iloaul, Ilorton, Howard,
Jewett, George W. Jones, Kemi, K>Uog , Ketaey, Kilgore,
Knapp, Lawience, Leach,Letter,Lovejoy.Mattesou, Mil-
ler, Morgan. Morull, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H.
Moise, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Ohu, Palmer, Par-
ker, Pettit, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pur-
viance, Ritchie, Robbing, Royce, Savage, John Sherman,
Jud^on W. Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson, James
A. Stewart, William Stewart, Talbot, Tappan, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins,' Wade, Walhndge, Waldion, Wal-
ton, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Elhliu B. Washburne, 1s-
lacl Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—97.
NAYS—-Messrs. Ahl. Anderson, Arnold, Bocock, Bon-
hjyji, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Burnett, Burns, Caiuthers,
Caslue, John B. .Clark, Cobb, Co.\, James Craig, Burton
Cinige, Ciawford, Curry, Davis of Indiana. Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Dewart, Dowdeil, Edmundson, Elliott, Eustis,
Foley, Gainett, GartrHI, Gilmer, Goode, Gregg1, Lawrence
W. Hall, llawkms, Hodges, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes,
Huyler, Jackson, Leidy, McQueen, McKae, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maynaid, Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Moore,
Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Powell,Ready, Reagan, Ruffin,
Russell, Sandidge, Scales, Scott, fearing, Seward, Aaion
Shaw,Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith,
Samuel A Smith, Stallworth, Stephens George Taylor,
Tnppe, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Watkins,
Whiteley, Wmslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus R.
Wught, and ZoihcofFer.—82.
So Mr. Grout's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK stated, during the above call,
that he had paired off with his colleague, Mr.
Case, who was confined to his room by indispo-
sition.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was agreed to; and also
