494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CURRY moved to lay the bill upon the
table; and on that motion demanded the yeas and
nays.
.The yeas arid nays,were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 83, nays 95; as follows.
YEAS—Messr . Ahl, Andeison, Arnold, Atkins, Avciy,
Bamsdale, Bisnop, Bocoek, Bonham, Bowie, Boyee,
Btanch, Burnett, Carnther^, C.i^kie, John 13. Clark, Clay,
- *C'Hbb, James Craig, Burton Craige. Crawford, Cu« iy, Davis
orMtvr-yfcuKlj Davis of Indiana, Davi* of Missi-sippi, Dewart,
Dowdtflt, Edmundson, Elliott, Foley.G<uneu,Guitiell, Gil-
mer, Good*1- Gregg, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes,
Jackson, Jewett, George W. Jones, McUuefiii, McRae,
Sumiifl S. Marshall, Maynard, Miles, Miilson, Montgomery,
Moore, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Phillips, Ready, Reagan,
Itufiiri, Russell. Sandidge, Savage, Sealer, Sew.ud, Henry
M. ShaWjShoiter, Singleton, Samuel A Smith, Stallwoith,
Stephens, Steven&on, James A. Stewart, Talbot, George
Taylor, Miles Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Vallandighatn,
Vance, Walking, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, Worton-
dyke, Augustus JR. Wught, and Zolhcoffer—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Bennett, Bingham, Blair,
Bl^s, Brayton, Buffiuton, Buihngame, But loughs, Cava-
naugh, CbafiVe, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark, Clawson,
Claik B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Col tax, Coming Corn-
ing, Covode, Cox, Cugin, Cuius Davn oi Ma-^aenu^etrs,
Davis of Iowa, Dmve>, Dean, Dick, Dodd. Durfoo, Eilie,
Farnsworth, Fenton, Florence, Postei, Guiding. Giltnan,
Gooeh, Granger. Grow, Robert B. Hall, Hailan, Hatch,
Hoard, Hotton, Howard, lluyier, Keun, Kellogg, KeUey,
Kilgore, Knnpp, Loach, Leuly. Lf-iicr, Lovejov, Maito-on,
Millet, Mmgan, Morrill, Edwaul Joy Moms. 1-aac N Mor-
ris, Freeman H. Mor.se. Oliver A. Mor.y\ Motr, Munay,
Ohn, Palmer, Paiker, Pettit, William W. Phelps, Pike,
Potter. PuiVMTiee, Ritehie, Roblmis Rovee, Aaion Shaw,
John Sherman, Jud-on VV Sherman. Spinner, Stanton,
William Stev^irt, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkm*,
Wade, Wolbiidse, Waldron, Walton, Oadwalndei C
Washbnin. Elhhu B. Wa&hbutne, Israel Washbuin, Wil-
son, and Wood—93.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated, during the call of
the ,roll, that he was necessarily absent fiorri the
Hall when the vote was taken on the amendment
of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,]
or ho should have voted against it.
The question reeunvd upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 ask the consent of the House
to offer an amendment to the bill, thai will re-
move the objections of many members to it, and
enable them to vote for it.
Mr.CAYANAUGH Are amendments now
in order?
The SPEAKER. Amendments are not in
order.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer an amendment.
Mr. GROW, 1 object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the read-
ing of the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER, The House has not yet
ordered the bill to he engrossed.
Mr. GROW called for tellers.
Tellers weie ordered: and Messis. Boyce and
BuFFiNTONf were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported —
ayes 85, noes 7-1
Mr. STANTON. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on (he engrossment of the bill, unless the gentle- ;
man from Tennessee will withdraw his demand
for the reading of the engrossed bill.
Mr. DEWAR 1'. is it m order to move to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of th.e Union ?
The SPEAK ICR. 11 ivS not in order, as the pre-
vious question is not yet exhausted.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Tennessee to withdraw the demand for the read-
ing of the engrossed bill, or we shall be obliged
to have the yeas and nay a called m order to afford
time for the enjnossmcnt of the bill.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. .SHERMAN, of Ohio. Is it in order to
move that the rules be suspended, and the Unuse
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. E hope, then, that
by general consent we shall go into the Committee
of the Whole. Itwillonly be a waste of tune to
call the yeas and nays now.
Mr. GROW. We may as well dispose of the
bill now.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The question will
come up again in the morning, and by that time
the bill will have been engrossed. It is manifest
that there is a majority of the House in favor of
the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate, and ask
for the question on the engrossment of the bill. '
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 91, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Mofsis. Andrews, Bennett, Bingham, Blair,
Bii^. Bi a\ 'on, Buffiuton, Builin< arn< , Buinm^h>, Cavau-
angh CJmrtee, EziaClaik, Hoi ace F Ckuk. dawson, Clark
B. Cochiane, John Coelnane, Colfax, Comuis, Covode,
Cox, Cragin, Curtis, Davis ot Maryland, Davis of Mas^a-
chu-etM, Davis of Iowa. Dawes, Dean, Dic-k. Dodd, Dur-
fee, Edie, Fnrn^worth. Fenton, Foster, Gidding^, Gooeh,
Giau^er, Grow,Lawrence W. Hall. Robert H. Hall, Hailan,
Hatch, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Keun, Kellogg, Kel.sey,
Kilgore, Knapp, L^aeh, Leitei, Lovejoy,Matter-on, Miller,
Morgan, Monill. Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N. Morns,
Fieeinan II, IMorse, Olivet A. Mor-e, Mott, Murray. Olin,
Pahncu, Paiker, IVttit, William W. Phelps, Pike, Potter,
Purviance, Ritchie, Robbing, Royee,John Sherman, Spin-
ner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thaver, Thomp-
son, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldion, Walton, Cad-
walador c. Wa?hbmn, Elhhu B. Was>hbume, Israel Wash-
burn, Wilstffi, and Wood—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Ba.rkt.dnlc, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyee, Biyan, Bur-
nett, Burns, Caiuthers, Caskie, Chapman, John B. Claik,
Clay, Cobb, Cockenll, Corning, James Craig, Burton Craige,
Cuiwtord, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi. Dewa'it,
Dowdell, Edmund^on, Elliott. Floienco,'Foley, Gavnett,
G.irtrell, Gilmei, Goode. Greenwood, Gresg, Groesbeck,
Hawkin-, Hopkm«, Houston, Hughes, Ilujler, Jackson,
.Jewell, George VV. Join:-, Owen JouCt>, Leidy, MtClueen,
MeRae, Humphrey Mar-ball, Samuel S. Marshall. Ma«.on,
Maynard. Mili-on. Montgomoiy, Moore, Pendleton, Peyton,
JohnS. Plielp-, I'lnllips, Powell, Ready, Reagan, Rieaud,
Rufiin, Ru--ell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Searing, Aaiou
Shaw, Iienty M. Shaw, Shorter. Sinaleton, Samuel A.
Smith, Siallvvorth, Stephens, Steven>on, James A. Stewait,
Talbot. Geoiye T.ivlor, Mil ;> Taylor, Tnppe. IJndei wood,
Vallandi hain, V.itiee, Warknw, White, Whitelev, Wins-
low, Woodson, Augustus R. Wught, and Zolheoffei—93.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. LAWRENCE stated, when his name was
called on the above vote, that he had paired off
with Air. Miles.
Mr. DA VIS, of Mississippi. I move to recon-
sider the vote just taken, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. GROW, i demand the yeas and nays on
the hitler motion.
Mr. DA VLS, of Mississippi. I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. ATKINS. I renew it.
Mr. GROW. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ATKINS. I withdraw the motion.
ADVERSE REPORT,
The SPEAKER stated that reports wore in
oi del ft om the Committee on the Post Office and
Post, Roads
Mr SCOTT, from the Committee on the Post
Ofiieo and Post Roads, made an adverse report in
the ease of James A. Gallagher; which was laid
upon the table, and oidered to be printed.
PREEMPTION RIGHTS AGAIN.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise t6 a
privileged question. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill in relation to preemption
lights was rejected, and to lay the motion to
leconsider upon the table.
Mr HARKSDALE. I desire to ask the Chair
if that motion i<? not mndo too late?
The SPEAKER, It can be made any time to-
day or to-morrow.
Mr. GROW. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. W1NSLOW. I move that there be a call
• of the House.
] The motion was agreed to.
j The roll was accordingly called.
{ Mr. SINGLETON stated, during the call of
: the roll, that Mr. Lamar was confined to his room
, by sickness, and had been for several davs; and
that Mr. Jenkins was absent from the House on
, account of sickness in his family.
i The names of the absentees were then called,
when it appeared that the followingmembers had
; faded to answer to their names:
j rt=. Abbott. Adram, Rilhnghurst, Case, Cnskie,
! Chapman, Hoiaee F. CJaik, Clemens Cuny, Damrell, Da-
i vidson, Dmnniek. English, Eustis, Fauiknei, Gilhs Has-
| km, Hicki.irui, IIill, ilou>ton, Jcnkinc, Keitt, Jacob M.
I Kunkol, John C. Kunkel, Lnmur, Landy, Lptcher, Maclay,
MeKibbm, Miles, Nichols, Pottle, Ready, Reilly, Roberts,
j Seward, Judson W, Suerman. Sickles, William Smith,
Tappan, Miles Taylor, Ward, Warren, and John V.
Wright.
Daring the call of the roll, Mr. Pettit stated
that Mr. Case was detained at his roums by in-
disposition.
Mr. DAWES stated that Mr. Damrell was
detained at homo by sickness.
Mr. KELSEY stated that Mr. Pottlf. had been
in the House this morning, but had been obliged
to leave, on account of senous indisposition.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, stated that Mr.
Reilly was detained from the House by sickness *
in his family.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, stated that Mr.
Ward had been unwell for the last week, and was
still indisposed.
One hundred and eighty-eight members having
answered to their names,
Mr. BOCOCK moved that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is it in order to
move to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that,aa
that motion is to suspend the rules for that pur-
pose, it is in order.
j! Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I submit the
j1 motion, then, with a view of having the commit-
tee take a recess. *
Mi. HUGHES. What will be the pending
question when this matter comes up again ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was rejected.
Mr. STANTON. If the motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
succeeds, when will this bill come up again?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
may be called up at any time.
Mr. STANTON. 'I hen the bill will £o to the
^Speaker's table until it is called up by the motion
to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. * The bill is rejected; the
motion to reconsider is, however, pending; and
if the House shall agree to it, it will again bntfg
the bill up.
Mr. STANTON". What I want to know is
the position of the bill, and when it will come up
if the House now goes into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. That depends upon the ac-
tion of the House, if the motion to reconsi-ler
should be withdiawn, or should be negatived by
the Mouse, the bill would stand rejected and
would not come before the House again. If the
motion to reconsider should prevail, it would
restore the bill to the position it occupied before
the question was taken by which it was rejected;
and the question would recur, Shall the hill be
engrossed and read a third timer "
Mr. STANTON. 1 I think I understand the
Chair so far. Now, I want to know when the
motion to reconsider will come up?
The SPEAKER. Whenever any member of
the House shall call it up.
Mr. PHELPS, of Mi&jouri. I ask for the vote
now upon my motion.
PROPOSITIONS TO INTRODUCE BILLS.
Mr. JEWETT. Before the question is taken
upon that motion, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill to repeal all laws
authorizing the sale of Government property at
Harrodsburg, Kentucky, and for other purposes.
I ask to introduce it merely for reference.
Mr. TALBOT. I object.
! Mr. CAVANAUGH asked leave to introduce
i a bill making a grant of land to the State of Mm-
: nesota to aid in the construction of certain rail-
I roads therein.
j Objection was made.
; Mr. LOVEJOY asked leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of settlers on certain public lands in
the State of Illinois.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I insist on my
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Ste-
venson in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
