1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1577
$75,000. For the pui chase of the next adjoining lot west,
known as the Bailey tot, a sum not exceeding .$83.000; and
for the construction of a building on tile said Levy and
Bailey lots, &m table for a post office and court-house, a sum
nut exceeding the remainder of the money not disposed, of
as above provided. And it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Treasuty, the Posinmstei General, and the At-
torney General, to expeute* the two foregoing sections of
.ins act.
Mr. HUNTER. This seems to be a proposi-
tion to sell the United States property and appro-
priate the proceeds for certain purposes. Does it
come from a committee ?
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir; I wili explain the
whole subject, if Senators desire it. It will be
recollected that we had a controversy on the sub-
ject of the location of the post office and custom-
house at Philadelphia. At the last session an act
was passed authorizing the Postmaster General,
the Attorney General, and the Secretary of^the
Treasury to examine into the subject, and to ar-
range the location of these public buildings; and
inaccordance with the provisions of the law, they
performed this duty, and they made a report on
the subject, which I hold in my hand. The
amendment, as I have offered it, it is true, is not
in accordance with this report. The report rec-
ommended the purchase of what is known as the
tobacco-house lot, a point further south in the
city than the present custom-house, and on that
the erection of a new custom-house, and to de-
vote the present custom-house to the purposes of
the courts alone. Their report would have re-
quired over one hundred thousand dollars; I think
$105,000 of additional appropriation. I was
under the impression that Congress would not
agree, in the present state of theTieasury, to
make an additional appropriation. .The amend-
ment which I have offered will, I think, make an
arrangement entirely satisfactory to the people of
Philadelphia. The amendment is satisfactory to
the members of the House from that city, and
has the concurrence of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the Postmaster General, and the Attorney
General, who were charged with those duties. In
fact, they prefer it to their (fsvn arrangement. It
places the court-house on Chestnut street, by the
side of the present custom-house, well known as
the old bank of theUnited States, and in the same
building the court-house rooms maII be furnished;
so that the custom-house, the post office, and the
court-house will he on Chestnut street, at a very
eligible and desirable point. This will be accom-
plished without any additional appropriation, and
I think it will be quite as acceptable to the people
of Philadelphia generally as the plan reported by
the Secretaries who examined the subject. I hope
there will be no objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I see no limitation In the
amendment as to what the building will cost. I
should like to know the estimates, and what the
cost is to be. This is merely to purchase a site,
and after that they can take a little balance and
start a building with it.
Mr. BIGLER. The balance, at the lowest
sum, would be $158,000. My own impression is
that it would be $175,000, perhaps $200,000; and
the property to be sold, you will perceive, sir,
would enable these Secretaries to make their ar-
rangements accordingly. They would have ascer-
tained the amount winch they would realize from
the property sold, and, of course, would make
a contract for the construction of a building not
exceeding the balance which would be on hand.
Mr HUNTER. If the Senator will put that
limitation on his amendment, I wiil make no
further opposition to it.
Mr. BIGLER. I am willing to so modify it,
as to provide that the whole amount shall not
exceed the balance of the sum received from the
sale of the lots.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that proviso will be
put in.
Mr. BIGLER. I will modify my amendment,
by adding this proviso:
Provided, That the whole amount to be expended in the
const! uction of said building f-hall not exceed the balance
of the amount received lroin the sale of the said lots, and
the balance of the appropriation.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. REID. I have an amendment to offer, as
an additional section to the bill. It is reported
from the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office*. It merely provides to extend the pro-
visions of an act passed two years ago, to permit
the Commissioner of Patents to pay certain ex-
aminers who have been employed, the amount
which is now allowed by law for examiners m
the Patent Office. It has been t.he custom hereto-
fore^ to pay them this amount; and this is just a
copy of the provision which was enacted two
years ago for the same class of individuals. It
is to add, as a new section:
JUnd be itfurlhei enacted, That the provisions of section
ten,chapter one hundred and twenty nine, of the aciof
Congress approved August the 18th, 1853, be'so extended as
to authorize tiie Commissioner of Patents to pa\ to tho<e
employed in th<; Patr.nt Office as examinei ? and assistant
examineis cilice the 1st day of D"Cfmbrr, 1857, the rates
fixed by law lor those respective grades: P)Ovided, That
said compensation *hall not exceed that received by those
duly enrolled as examiners and a-5>i*tanT examiners, and
that the same be paid out ot the Patent Office fund.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise a question of order.
That provides for back pay, and is a piivate
claim.
Mr. REID. It is reported from the Commit-
tee on Patents, and is in conformity with the rec-
ommendation of the Commissioner of Patents.
It has been usual to pass such a provision upon
this identical bill.
Mr. HUNTER. But the committee cannot
make a private claim in order by reporting it, or
by making an appropnation for it.
Mr. REID. That is not a private ekiim.
Mr. HARLAN. It takes nothing from the
Treasury.
Mr. HUNTER. It appropriates from the
Patent Office fund, which is in the Treasury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
wishes to know whether that is an amendment
to carry out any existing law or any treaty stip-
ulation?
Mr. REID. I will state to the Chair that a
similar amendment, providing for this class of
ofRceis, passed on August 18, 1856, on a bill
identical with that winch we have now before us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There may
have been no question of order then made upon it.
The Chair thinks it is out of order.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to oifer two or three
amendments to this bill, which are said by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to be in-
dispensable to carry out the business of thenar.
On page 6, after line one hundred and twenty-
six, I move to insert:
Fot compensation of clerks in the offices of surveyors
general, to be apportioned and applied to the seveialsui-
vejmg disfiicts accoidmg to the exigencies of the public
set vice, and tor office rent, and mcident.il expenses theieof,
$41,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That was in the estimate,
but was stricken out. In the bill there is nil ap-
propriation for every office, and for a certain num-
of clerks in each. This was a provision winch
got into the appropriation bill, as well as I can
remember, some years ago, to enable the Secre-
tary of the Interior, out of this, to give extra
clerks wherever he chose. The House has stricken
it out, and it seems to me it has done right. We
are selling no public lands, and I do not see why
j we should be hurrying up the surveys in this
;t way.
jj Mr. STUART. The Senator is entirely mis-
;i taken in regard to the fact#. The Commissioner
;! of the General Land Office has sent a letter here,
jj in which he says that these are the ordinary ex-
j| penses of the office, and that it cannot be car-
ricd on without this appropriation. Here is his
letter. It does not refer to the subject to which
the Senator alludes at all. It is quite another sub-
i ject. The law as it exibts prevents hmi fiom pay-
' ingadime. He con allow, in the settlement of
the accounts, but he has got to send estimates
' here.
1 Mr. HUNTER. If these ar* the ordinary ex-
penses, I would like to see tlie law under winch
jj the estimates were made. I should like to hear
!; that law read.
i Mr. STUART. It is the law establishing the
• ! offices themselves.
Mr. HUNTER. There is, in the legislative
appropriation bill, a specific appropriation for so
\, many chrks, and this is a general provision, to
enable the Secretary of the Interior to disperse
them about at particular places.
Mr. STUART. That is a mistake.
Mr. PUGH. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary lead the amendment.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say that the
letter of the Commissioner to the Committee on
Public Lands says that these are the ordinary
expenses of the office, and that the business can-
not be done without it. That is the question to
be decided. I hope Senators will allow us to vote
on the amendment. !
Mr. JONES. I merely wish to state to the
Senate that there is no use at all of making ap-
propriations to survey the public lands, unless
you appoint clerks, and give them salaries to pay
for transcribing the field-notes. That is all this
j appropriation is required for.
Air. STUART. I demand the yeas and nays
on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senate will now
listen a moment to what the Commissioner of the
General Land Office says on this subject, which
will settle the question as to whether the Com-
mittee on Public Lands are right, or the chairman
of the Committee on Finance. He says:
" In answer to the committee's inquiry, as to the neces-
sity of the restoring the amounts of appropnations asked for
bv this office, f'oi compensation, of clerks in the offices ot*
suivevors general, to be apportioned, &.c., and lor office
rent*, and incidental expends, I have the honor to state
that the public .vomer does actually require the came, and
it will be set iousIv affected for want of tho^e amounts; and
I have theietoie to suggest that the item* thus stricken out
in the IIou5=e hill may be re-tored, namely. $41,000 for the
compensation of clerks and for the rents, and incidentals:
For Oregon. $1,500; California, $7,150 ; 'Washington Ter-
ritory, $2,500 ; New- Mexico, §3,000; Kansas and Nebraska-,
$3,000; Utah, $2,51)0
This is addressed to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and transmitted by the Secretary of the In-
terior to the Committee on Public Lands as being
necessary for the public service. It is upon that
statement that I desire the vote of the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. Here is the appropriation bill
which we passed some days sincc—the general
bill:
For compensation of the survevor general of Illinois and
Missouri, and the cleika in his office, $5,820.
Then follow provisions for the surveyors gen-
eral of Louisiana, of Florida, of Wisconsin and
Iowa, of Oregon, California, Washington, New
Mexico, Kansas and Nebraska, Utah, and of
Minnesota. They are all set down, rent, clerks,
and the compensation of every officer. Here it
is in this bill which we have passed; and now it
is amazing that it should come to the Senate the
last night of the session. Why did it not go to
the House ? Why have not the House put it in its
place r We have appropriated the money for the
exact purpose by name in this bill, for rents and
clerks, and here is a proposition to add $41,000
to the expense of surveying the public-domain,
when we do not sell an acre. In my judgment,
the Senate ought to cut down the appropriations
now for surveying the public lands. The appro-
priations m this bill ought to be cut down. We
go on surveying thousands and thousands of acres
of which we sell none. The surveys are now
far in advance of population, and far in advance
of the necessities of the Government. I think
this is one place where groat abuses have grown
up. I hope that here, at least, the Senate will
put a stop to it.
Mr. STUART. I am sorry to be compelled
to set Senators right so often. Not only have we
not passed anything upon that subject, but it was
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means in the House and stricken out, and since
that the communication that I read has been sent
by the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to the Seen tat y of the Interior, in which he says
that it is necessary to restore the amendment. We
have not appropriated a dollar for this subject.
Aeain, the Senator says we are selling no land.
The reports of the. Commissioner show that we
are gelling land for money, and hundreds of thou-
sands of aorcs for bounty land warrants. Sir, we
have gof out one hundred million acres in bounty
4)>>d warrants; and because Congiess has issued
these warrants, or caused them to be issued by
law. and they are absorbing the enure land in the
mat ket, and putting no money into your Treas-
ury, but receiving what yon agreed to take as
money, and aie taking it, is it, therefore, to be
said that there is no demand fgv lands? Who is
to decide this question? Here is the fact: I say
the House struck the appropriations out of the bill
after the Committee of Ways and Means had rec-
ommended them; the Land Office says thev must
be restored, or the business of those offices will
be seriously injured. The Senate may decide this
