1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,'
question according to its judgment; but they
should decide it upon the facts. These are the
facts, and I hope the amendment will be sus-
tained.
Mr JONES. I merely wish to say, in addition
to what the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands has said, that these appropriations have
been made every year for the last twenty years,
to my own knowledge. They are to pay the sal-
aries of clerks who arc employed to transcribe the
field notes. If it was the whole amount of all the
clerks employed for the whole,year, it would be
another thing; but it is only to fill up the vacan-
cies caused by the surveys of the public lands. It
is absolutely necessary that this appropriation
should be made, or the field-notes cannot be tran-
scribed, and the sale of public lands cannot go on.
Why make appropriations for the survey of the
public lands, if we do not intend to have clerks
to transcribe the field-notes?
Mr. GWIN. 1 will state, that twenty-three
or twenty-four million acresof land have been sur-
veyed in California, and several millions brought
into the market, and it would be impossible to
have the field notes transcribed, unless this
amendmentisadopted. They cannot proceed with
the sale of the public lands or advertise them,
without this amendment.
Mr. PUGH. Let the Secretary read that
amendment again.
The Seetetary lead it.
Mr, PUGH. The Senator from Michigan has
got a habit of assuming that ho alone knows the
facts. Me inserts, in the most positive manner,
that we have made no appi opriation for clerks
and office rent. I tend it to the senator fiom the
bill, and if he wants it, I will read it again. It is
here.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will allow me,
I do not dispute as to that fact, but i say thatap-
propiiatious for the items coveted by this amend-
ment were in the bill leported by the Committee
of Ways and Means in the House, and were
strieken out.
Mr. PUGIT. 1 lere is the bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and I would
thank the Senator to show that to me. This ts a
punted copy as the bill came to the House from
the Committee of Ways and Means. Now, 1
Kay, this bill does appropriate to every surveyor
general by name for his office, and give him his
elei ks, and his office i en I, and that, t he re I ore, this
i« a duplicanon of items. It is nol any appropri-
ation for transcribing field-notes, and all that, be-
cause we have an appiopriation for that in tins
bill:
u Fur binding field note-*, plai-*. and record-*, of mii vej - in
tin' othee ot tin; .-surveyor general of fvan-a  and Nelnaska,
$1,0110."
It can be nothing in the world but a new esti-
mate over and above the amounts heretofore es-
timated, for which no reason is given; and I ask
the Senate why should we, ;u this session, take
these estimates which have not been submitted,
which have not been passed, at a time when we
are not, in despite of what die Senator says, de-
riving any eonsideiable levenue fiom the public
lands? I can imagine no reason except that sug-
gested by the Senatoi fiom Vermont, that, under
tins piesent graduation law that reduces the price
of public lands ac.coiding to the number of years
they ai e m mai kef, then- is an anxiety to sut vey
a* much of the public land, and technically put it
into nuu ket, as possible, in order to depreciate the
price. 1 can imagine no other reason for this
oxtraordmaiy system of surveying the public
lands.
Mr. HUNTER. As the Senator from Ohio
has well t aid, in the bill just passed upon by re-
pot ts of committees of confeienee, there are ap-
}>ropi lattons forcieiksm the suiveyors' offices.
The Senator fiom Caiifoima talks of not bem
able io get tne kind leadyfot maiket. Here
provision m the bill which is now before us:
For >invc>in^ iJk; public l.tmK and piivure land claims
in ('ahloritia inelunmg olhee expense-, incident to tile -ui-
w\ o; claim-, and to be di-hui-ed at the iate% pie-cubed
h\ law tor the dilierent kind.-- ot \\ oi k-. and al -o including
;e I i he a'-cmnit- lor syi vey- o( ptiblte land- and pu vate land
el.inn-- n. California. undei comutet* pnoi to ttiu 30th June,
lttfi. 1 u«j.uin> "
Mr. GWIN. The Senator misunderstood me,
ot he is not tr  aung me faiily. I made no allu-
sion to that at all. f I spoke of the transcribing of
the field-notes of tvveuty-thiee million acies of
is a
land that have been surveyed, and will be delayed
in bringing them to market unless tins appropri-
ation is passed.
Mr. HUNTER. Has any of that land ever
been brought into market?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, fir; five or six million acres
were offered for sale this very month.
Mr. HUNTER. I am glad to hear it. It i<s
the first I have heard of any sales there. We are
making appropriations for the general survey of
private land churns in California, and now we are
told to vote this appropriation in order to enable
them to sell *it.
Mr. GWIN. To bring them into market.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will inform the Senator
from Virginia that 1 shall move to strike out
$103,000, and insert $75,000, at the proper time.
Mr. STUART. That is entirely a diffeient
service. The Senator from Ohio says 1 have got
the habit of assuming. Well, sir, if I have, it is
a very unfortunate one; but I suggest.to the Sen-
ator whether it is very becoming in him to as-
sume that he is destitute of (hat sort of habit and
censure me for it? 1 have stated what I have re-
ceived from the Land Office, from the Secretary
of the Interior. Seemgthatthe House had stricken
out of the bill these appropriations, they wrote
to the Co'mmittee on Public Lmds of the Senate
to say that the business will be seriously injured
if they aie not icstoied. That is their language.
Now, they art; not mistaken about it. I am aware
that those appropriations, which have been al-
luded to, have been made. I have seen that bill.
They are the ordinary appropriations for the
ordinary service of the office, and the ordinary
cleiks; but these appropriations are necessary to
the efficiency of those offices. So says the De-
partment. Now, sir, if the Senator and the Sen-
ate choose to disregaul the wishes of the Depart-
ment and their unqualifiedly expressed views, I
do not object to that; but I do object to it. being
asserted that 1 do not know anything about it.
Those are the facts, and 1 only wish the sense of
the Senate upon the statement which I read,
which is this:
" (u answer to the committee'-- impuiv as to the neees
Fityot the re^tonngthe amount* of the appiopi iatton- a-ked
foi by till •• olitce loi eompen-alion ot elei k- ni the oilier*. u{
smVt'yois yenetal, t<  be appoitioned, &.r> , and foi nthce
tent* and incidental expcii-e-. I have the honor instate
that the public seniee actually doe- lequiic the -ame, and
li will be muioh-Iv aliened tor w ant ot iho-e uinounM ; and
1 have therelbie to -itgLre-f that the Hem- tint-* -ti ickep out
in the lloti-e bill tnav be testoied, namely: £il,0U0 (ot the
compensation of elciks, and toi iheieiiH and ui'identaN:
Fot Oregon, $1.500 : Cahloinia. x"',l ";0 ; Washington Tewi-
tniv, ^2,500; New Mexico, ;$;j,0Ud ; Kan-a- and Nebraska.
$:UK)0; Utah, £a,5t)iJ.;>
Mr. DA. YARD. I shall vote against this amend-
ment, because we have cut down all the appro-
priations; and there is no reason given for this, but
simply the opinion of a public otficer. I presume
that, if a letier like that had been directed to any
one of the officers, when you proposed (o eutdown
the estimates, both here ami in the House, the
same answer would have been returned. They
certainly would not make estimates, and return
them to you, unless they supposed they were ne-
cessary for the public service, and that tile public
service would be seriously affected if you did not
make the appropriation they asked for; that js all.
It is nothing more, as I consider it, than the reit-
eration, on an application made by the chairman
of the committee, of the opinion expiessed, ot im-
plied, at all events, at the time the officer made
his report that he thinks the service nece^saiy—
no more. No further reason is given. I think
we ought to apply to this proposition the same
line of reasoning which led the judgment of the
Senate m debate j'vstetday, in reference to your
navy-yards. Though you had recommendations
made for iatge amounts, and though you had the
recommendations for a smaller amount by the
Committee of Ways and Means ot the House,
yet the House those to cm them do\\ n to merely
nominal sums, and the Senate refused to depart
from that action, although they had their own
committee m tins House recommending that the
amounts be moderately raisi d over what the
House had appropilated, and yet luss than the
Committee of Ways and Means had reported fin .
Now, this case is much stionger than that. 1
understand from the Senator fiom Ohio, that the
Committee of Ways and Means in the House
have not repotted in favor of this seivice now
asked.
Mr. STUART. They did report in favor of
it, and the House struck it out.
Mr. BAYARD, i understood from the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, that that was not m the
bill as reported by them.
} Mr. STUAHT. He is mistaken.
I Mr. BAYARD. That is a question of fact
I which, of course, I have no means of determining;
, but, whether one way or the other, what I mean
I to say is, that there is nothing m the letter which
has been read, which gives, or should give, any
additional weight to the recommendation coming
j from the Department, as I read it.
I Mr. PUGH. I want to say one more word.
| We have got the estimates now. Tins letter of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office is
| dated the 24th of February. That is the same
| day on which the House bill—the general legis-
lative bill—was sent back from the Senate to the
i House with our amendments. 1 stated before
I that we had made these very appropriations, and
the Senator from Michigan denied jt; and now I
; call his attention while 1 read his estimates and
i the appropriations. The Commissioner is evi-
: dently speaking of some vote in Committee of the
' Whole m the House by which amendments were
struck out, for they wete restored, every one of
. them; and I will show the Senator how. The
1 fust is:
i '• Foi compensation of ch-ik-, and fot the rent and mei-
i denial expenses in ()iej on, §'1,51)0 "
j Now I read from the general appropriation
bill:
j "For iont of suiveyor goneia!'-; office in Oregon, fuel,
book-, siationeiy. and other incidental expenses,;$'1,500.''
That is there; that is certain. The next one
1 for which he desires an appropriation is, for the
1 same items in California, $7,150. Now I will
read that:
' Foi rent of Miive\or general':* office in California, fuel,
book-, stationery, and other incidental expenses, including
i pay ot nie-sengei-, ,->7,150.''
; Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator will allow
me to explain. •
Mr. PUGH. I am going through with these
items. I am  otng to show 
Mi. STUART. If the Senator will allow me,
I ask his attei^tion for a moment. That is the
bill as leported by the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House, and they were not in the
bill sent to (he Senate and passed upon here at all.
1 Mr. PUGH. They were not?
Mr. STUART. Not at all.
- Mi. PUGH. Whete is it?
! Mr. STUART. It has gone to the House. The
j Committee of Ways and Means reported thatbill
1 as printed; but, when considered in the House,
| the Mouse struck out those appropriation which
i the Senator is reading. Then the Commissioner
of the General Land Office sees that they arc not
in the bill.
Mr. PUGH. Here is the date of the bill, and
| the date of the letter.
Mr. STUART. That is not the bill that was
passed here,
I Mr. PUGH. Then where is itJ This is the
bill (II. It. No. 711) making appropriations for
1 the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the G vernrnent for the year ending 30th of
June, 1860. I say they are in this bill, every one
of them. You have them, dollar for doilar, there.
; The Senator says they have been struck out since.
! I say they were in the bill reported to the House,
and there they are. Here is the copy that was
j printed, and laid on our tables.
! The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
| Mr. STUART. I only wish to state that, upon
, inspecting this appropriation bill, I think the Sen-
I ator from Ohio is correct, and that the mistake
1 has happened in the Infeiior Department: and,
with the consent of the Senate, I will withdraw
i tins amendment.
II The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
i Mich'gan a^ks unanimous consent to withdraw
| his amendment. The Chair hears no objection.
!'' Mr. S TUART. J will offer an amendment
i, which does not make any appropriation at all, to
i come in as an additional section. It simply en-
< a hies the I ntet tor Depai tment to carry out the ad-
j jusrment of lands made at the SaultSte. Marie:
!! he it fui ther enact cJ. That the mi—ionary claims re-
;, fem d to m the torn th M'cntm oi the aot of 2Bih September,
| 1650, entitled "An act ptovidina; tor the examination and
• ■ aeiUetnum oi claims ioi land at the Sault £>te. Mane, in
