1582
THE CONGRESSIQNAL GLOBE.
March 2,
contracts that have been made within the last year,
or within this year. ^
,?Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the Senator,
then, if there is to he a deficiency for the years
ending the 30th of Jane, 1858 and 1859?
Mr. STUART. Why, Mr. President, this
whole subject was talked of at the last Congress,
I think nearly a day, in which it was shown that
a contract for surveying the public lands is not
limited to the fiscal year. In an investigation that
was before the Senate, the facts were elicucd from
the General Land Office, that contracts were in
existence that would take the contractor two years
to execute. These are the facts, and that is the
character of contracts that are to be provided for.
A large amount of the $60,000 is to pay for con-
tracts made prior to the 20th of June, 1857. The
balance of it is to be paid for contracts made
within the past year.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to state to the Sen-
ator from Michigan that, in that, ho is mistaken.
I called at the surveyor general's office and ex-
amined the duplicate contracts which are thereon
file, and they were limited to the 4th of March
succeeding the date of contract. The surveyor
general alleges that they arc without limit as to
quantity or to time. The work seems to be going
on under these contracts; but by an examination
of the duplicates of these contracts, on file m the
office of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, you will find they are limited in relation
to California, as they are in all other suiveyor
gcneial's dishicts; but the smveyor general ex-
ercises authority to renew and extern! those eon-
tracts from time to time; and it is iu this way
that these deficiencies occur.
Mr. STUART. Well, Mr. President, it seems
to me that the moment 1 meet these honorable
Senators at one point, they start another. I say,
the fact ts, the contracts are made and executed,
and that another set of them are made and being
executed. The Department, whose business it is
to remove the offices, io atiest the pi ogress of
the woik, if, in their judgment, it is wrong and
doing injustice to the public interest, do no such
thin<r; and, instead of that, they recommend to
the 1 louse of Representatives—the Committee of
Ways and Means bus reported it, and the House
have put it in this bill — to pay for these liabilities,
winch have been entered into honouibly, and aie
honoiably disehaiged, and others are being hon-
orably disehaiged.
Now, sir, it is said we fan cut down this item.
Why ; Because we <?rt* not leecivniir, in the opin-
ion of the Senator from Iowa, a Mitficent amount
from the proceeds of the public lands in Califor-
nia. I alliim again, if we were not lecetving a
dollar, it would not alter the responsibility of
settling these contracts. The at go men t, the more
you sitt it, only goes to show that it is simply to
strike down, or cut down, this item twenty-five
or tinny thousand dollars; and when we come to
the teayon whv we leave the Government in
debt, to pay it heieafter. ami do tlx- giente^t in-
justice to the contra' tors \v ho have eXi cuteil your
coniruei.-i 
Mr. SKW'\UD. If he will allow me n mo-
ment, 1 should like to hear my honorable friend
fi oni Me hi'^an explain, if he (.an, one point. The
honorable Senator from Michigan says it is suf-
ficient lor us to icnow that an officer, acting under
the ait1 hoi ity of the < Jovernmeiit, has made these
c<MiiiiH'i.s; ihat we have nothing else to do but
te Mtify and fulfill his contract 
Mr VrUAU !\ No, &ir.
Mr. H H W \ ItO. That is the effect of the hon-
orable S< tiatoi's proposition.
.Mi. STU RT. I would rather that the Sena-
tor had stated v. hat I said, and given his opinion
of the off, ci of it. I am willing that he should
aigue the i (T'i.'t of it; but, as he proposes to state
what 1 did say, 1 would iath- r that he should r *-
p- at w hat 1 did My
Mr. SEVVARO I only intend to state the ef-
f>'< t ot the honoiahle St nator's proposition. The
h' >! i os able Senator iunn low a o jrc's that these
contiaftsnn improvident. Tin* honoiable Setia-
fot horn Michigansays, whether they are pt ud<-nt
or ;;npi ov uiota dors noi alf< ot the case, and that
Urn dt.iy devolves upon Congress to nppropnate
the n'iwie'V !() c:v CUie the eonLidCts which ha\e
hemi mad" umler the au'horny of the Govern-
ment. Now, 1 want to know from-that honoiable
Senator iu what wav we can arrest a contract that
is improvident except in the same way that we j
shall arrest a contract that is illegal; and that is,
to refuse to make the appropriations to carry it i
into effect; to arrest the transaction, to stop and ;
consider. This is all that is left for a legislative i
body. All that is left to the Parliament of Eng- |
land is, when the agents of the Government jnake I
improvident, or even unconstitutional contracts, !
| to refuse to give the money to execute it. That j
! is precisely what I understand the honorable '
! Senator from California proposes to do, and, iu- !
I stead of making the appropriation of the whole l
■ amount demanded by these contract, to make an :
■ appropriation for less. Let me be understood j
! now. All contracts Government agents can make i
: are necessarily subject to the reservation that the i
| Congress of the United States will appiopriate j
moneys to carry them into effect. A tieaty may ;
1 be made by the treaty-making power of the Uni- j
ted States, but everybody knows that, if it in- ]
vo.ves the payment of money, the Congress of j
the United States has the right to refuse to apply 1
the money necessary to carry that treaty into ef- j
feet. This is our great conservative power, our :
great restraining power. I know nothing about |
the merits of this particular question. When the !
honorable Senator from California says that the ]
interests of the United States require that this '
amount shall be i educed to this sum, i am pre- '
paied to go with him; for the reason that being i
upon the spot, and knowing the nature of the J
transaction, interested against the motion which :
he makes, he submits for the security of the |
Treasury of the United States this modification,
ajid I am prepared to go with hun. '
Mr. BROOERICK. I am as much surprised 1
at the course puisued by the Senator from Mich- '
igan, as the Senator from Illinois. At the last !
session a chum was brought in here for $220,000.
The parties have been knocking at the door of1
Congiess for two years, to pay them thataccount. ■
it was riuppos-'d at the time, that the $*230,000 m- ;
eluded the whole amount charged against the
Government for surveys made during that year.
Now, it appears that there are $60,000 more. 1
believe they are tiumped-up claims. I do not be- ;
heve there is any justice in any them. !
Then it will bo iccolleeted that $50,000 was ap-
propriated that year, by Congress, for making
surveys m California. The sut veyor geneial < x-
ceeded his power and made contiacis for over .
^200,000. 1 ix>k the Senator fiom M ichigan, if ,
1 the surveyor had gone on and made contracts for j
, millions of dollars instead of hundieds of thou- !
, sands, whether he would ask for the payment of i
j them; it is supposed, Mr. President, that when 1
' a contractor makes a contiact, he understands the j
law under which the contract is made. The j
1 amount appiopnated-by Congress every year is ;
■ published m all the newspapers, and u is sup- j
posed that every contractor would look at the i
1 newspapeis and see how much money there is 1
i appiopuated by Ccngivss for this purpose I gat j
heie last year and voted for the *>220,000 I did it 1
: v M-y reluctantly, but I supposed that it included |
| all the claims against the Government. I find j
! now, that S60,000of t his amount is for old claims
against the Government, lor suiveys made in i
i 1854. I am opposed to the claims, and I hope that. !
amount will be stucken !rom the bill, and $75,000
; left for the service. j
I Mr. STUART. It scenic that I have sui prised !
: quite a number of mv fnends upon this floor, but ,
1 I am not at all surpused at it myself. The Sen- ;
■ ator from New Yoik has come into this debate .
; with some doctnnes that I beg to call lus atten- '
! tion to for a moment. He ariaigns me for saying 1
that the Congress is bound to indorse everything
a public agent does. I did not say that, i re- '
peat again: 1 said if the officer of the United States, i
, in p'.nsuance ot his duties, had made a contract 1
1 which exceeded his injunctions, if it was made ^
in good faith and executed in good faith, w« were ;
morally bound to pay it, and that we should have .
! to pay it, postpone it as long ac we might. |
The Senator cues an illustration, in which I '
submit to him he is exceedingly unfortunate. lie
says if the treaty-making power ot the United
States mokes a treaty binding the Government to
pay a specific amount of money, everybody knows
that Congress has a right to withhold the money.
Thai is his language. 1 deny it. Congress has
the physical power to icfuse to execute a contract 1
. that the Government has made; but it has no con- 1
stitutional right to do so; because, in the case he
puts, the Constitution itself declares that the Con-
stitution and treaties made under it are the su-
preme law of the land. They are made by the
treaty-makmg power. Being the supreme law
of the land, although Congress may deny, having
the power to do it, to appropriate the money, yet
to say that they have the right to do it, is to say
that Congress has a right to refuse tfie mandates
of the Constitution.
But, sir, that is not this case. We learned, at
the last session of Congress, from the Interior
Department that the Secretary had stopped a
practice, which had existed theretofore, m allow-
ing private land claimants to pay any part of the
cost of surveying the claim. Up to that time it
had been the constant ptactice, m California, to
allow private claimants to pay a poition of the
expenses of surveying the claims. The Secre-
tary stopped it. Now, what is the amendment?
I call the attention of Senators to it again, ft is
for surveying the public lands and private land
claims m California. 1 am reluctant to do it, and
I shall consume the time of the Senate but a mo-
ment longer; but I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to this fact: that we took upon our-
selves, by the instruction of the Interior Depart-
ment, this additional liability. The Secretary
said there was danger of fraudulent action by
allowing piivate land claimants to participate in
the payment, and he had, therefore, cut it off;
thereby we take upon ourselves an additional
cost. Now, I say, as to the effect of it, the amend-
ment provides chiefly for the surveys of private
land claims and contracts thathavebeen executed.
They have been executed, according to the report
that is read here. Tiieie is no evidence that it is
illegal—none at all. This is sought to be an-
sweied by saying that the expenses in California
of surv< ying the public lands have far exceeded
the moneys reused troni the sale of the lands. I
met that by saying, if we had not sold an acre it
would not change the question.
Now, the Senator from California says he be-
lieves these aie trumped-up claims. Well, sir,
the Interior Department aie to decide that ques-
tion. Thevwill not pay a trumped-up claim be-
cause the money is appiopriated. If the claims
are decided to be good claims, they will be obliged
to pay them next year, or the year after, or
whensoever you please. I ask again, when the
Department, the Committee of Ways and Means
of the Plouse, and the House of Repieseiuatives,
have passed this appropnation,by what authority
will the Senator strike it out now? Is there a
Senator here who can say " I am clear that the
committee of the House of Representatives, the
House of Representatives itself, and the Interior
Department was wrong r"
Mi. BRODE1UCK. Will the Senator allow
me to ask htm a question ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. BRODKJvIOK. I ask why the paitics did
not present their claims last year when we passed
the bill appropriating $220,000?
Mr. STUART. Well, Mr. President, the
S nator might he very pioperly met by my ask-
ing him if he knows they did not. ' Does he
know that they did not present them? The
amendment would go to show that they did, be-
cause the estimate is for paying the claims now
existing. The amount was $60,000. Then the
work was ended; their claims were adjusted,and
they were ascertained to be taxable to the Gov-
ernment. But 1 ask this question, winch Task
Senators to answer when they vote, aie they sat-
isfied that the committeeof the limine, the House
itself, and the Interior Departim nt are wiong m
this appropriation ? Have you got the evidence
by which you can justify yur vote foi striking
it outr Tiuit is the question. Xt is a very differ-
ent one from what it would be if there was a prop
osition here to put it in. I think, Mr President,
and theretoie it is that I have made this resist-
ance, that it is a striking at the action of the Gov-
ernment, through its Deoaitments and through
the House of Representatives, that we are not
justified in making. Therefore, as the ortran of
that Department m this body, and of the Senate
in that Department in this body, I have very re-
luctantly con umed thus much of time about it.
I shall consume no more, let the argument be
what it may.
Mr. CLAY, I trust we shall be permitted to
