1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ished with death; they are Hot to be effected by
reverses, on penalty of annihilation. Now, sir,
first, I deny the policy of this course of pro-
cedure if it were feasible; it is the shallowest
quackery that any statesman could propound;
second, I deny the constitutional power of Con-
gress to pass any such ^aw.
1. As to its policy. Look at the results of such
a measure if it could be carried out. What would
have been its effect in the great crisis <*f 1857 ?
The President says truly in his message:
"No Govern ment could have prevented th^late revulsion.
The whole commercial work! seemed for years to liuve been
rushing to this catastrophe."
And yet he would have every moneyed institu-
tion which bowed to this storm in the commer-
cial world, not uplifted and aided to recover its
usefulness to the community, but torn up by the
roots, and thrown into the fiery furnace of Federal
vengeance; and this, too, when it was a victim
and not the agent of the ruin. .
But take a bank, located in any of our small
towns, north or south, as a Specimen. With a
capital of $200,000, it accommodates say three
hundred farmers or planters in their purchase of
stock or grain; perhaps a mill,and two manufac-
turing establishments, employing one hundred
operatives each; fifty mechanics, three or four
merchants, and the usual population of such a
town. Everything seems healthy, flourishing,
prosperous. But'a crisis comes which " no Gov-
ernment could prevent," " the whole commer-
cial world" being in it, and the bank is to be
woundup. Why? Because it fails to pay spe-
cie, on demand at its counter, dollar for dollar.
Why does it so fail? Because the community to
whom its loans are made cannot pay specie to
the bank for their indebtedness, or. indeed, any
money, for a time; and so they are in the grasp
of a Federal receiver. He opens the scene by
demanding of the population I have just named
specie for their notes, dollar for dollar; and, in
default, every man is sued; judgment obtained,
and half the three hundred farms, the mill, the
two factories, three stores and their contents, are
nil in the hands of the marshal, to bo sold at auc-
tion to the highest bidder. But where are the
buyers? On the supposition we make, the whole
country, as in 1857, is in the like condition, with
some small exceptions of hoarded specie stored
away in miserly pockets. This residue of specie
would buy the town. Every man owing a dol-
lar would fall a prey to the accidental owner of
com; and a scene of universal and irredeemable
bankruptcy, ruin, misery, and horror, would su-
pervene, which the mind sickens to contem-
plate.
Sir, I tell you, in such a state of things your
bankrupt law for corporations would he a dead
letier. The people would rise in their wrath, and
hang your receivers and marshals on the first lamp-
post. With beggary staring them in the face,
wrenching the bread from the mouths of their
children, and tearing the shelter from over their
3ieads,all the Federal bayonets on this continent
could not enforce your law in the single city of
New YorJc; so that in a general crisis it would be
useless, and in partial and local instances it is un-
necessary; because, in the case of an unsound
bank hero and there, no derangement of the cur-
rency takes place, and such institutions are safely
left to the legislative and judicial action of the
States that created them. The policy is unwise
in every aspect of it. First, it would result in
universal rum, if successful. Second, the peo-
ple would not submit to it. Third, in a general
panic it would, therefore, be useless. Fourth, in
partial instances it is unnecessary, and belongs
to the States themselves.
2. Congress has no 'constitutional power to
pass any such law—it is rank, undisguised Fed-
eralism, of the extremest school. It stands upon
a thin frame-work of implication, founded upon
other implications still more unsubstantial. The
power of Congress is derived in this respect from
the people of the States. They, the States, are
sovereignties; but this term has no application
to the Federal Government; it takes only what is
" nominated in the bond." " Congress shall have
power to establish uniform laws on the subject of
bankruptcies throughout the United States," is
the foundation of this power. How broad is it,
and what, if any, are its necessary implications.'
Can it reach out its arms and grasp any particu-
lar State interest, and bring it within the vortex of
party and class legislation? Can it select, at pleas-
ure, .banks, railroad companies, manufacturing
companies, partnerships, in fine any of the agen-
cies of associated wealth, and fix a Federal lasso
about their necks, under pretense of passing uni-
form laws ?
I claim that this term "uniform" means not
sim,ply that the laws shall have one shape, form,
and substance in respect to themselves, but shall
have a uniform application to all business'and
persons, individual, associated, or corporate,
throughout the United States, who are traders or
merchants. This is its clear and obvious mean-
ing; otherwise the door is open here for the most
odious and alarming class of legislation, to be ap-
plied to planters only, or lawyers only, or poli-
ticians only, as well as to banks,or corporations
only. So the framers of the Constitution under-
stood this power from the example of Great Brit-
ain, where such laws were in operation for three
hundred years; sf> the States who adopted the
Constitution understood it; and so Congress has
construed this power by their action, in 1841, in
the passage of the only bankrupt law ever enacted
under it. Congress may " levy imposts and ex-
cises;" but they shall be "uniform," throughout
the United States, says the Constitution. How
uniform; upon a particular class importing or
holding property ? Wo; but upon that property,
into whose hands soever it may pass, or by.whom-
soever held, in any slate of the Union; for if a class
of persons may be selected under the Constitu-
tion, why not of a particular district? And thus
one State, <y its peculiar interests, as of iron, or
cotton, or sugar, be compelled to pay all the taxes
of this " uniform" system, and by the same rule
of logic that justifies the application of bankrupt
laws to corporations only, or any other exceptive
class.
When public men rush into this Federal vortex,
which ingulfs all State rights and State institu-
tions, they may recommend in their fatuity, that
all railroad corporations, as the Secretary of the
Treasury has done, or all steamship corporations,
or all cotton growing or cotton consuming cor-
porations shall be made subject to such law; but
I trust Congress will never become so politically
insane. What! does the Executive not only de-
sire to grasp our banks, and destroy our trade,
but to control our means of locomotion, and com-
pel us to stay at home at the imperial pleasure of
some Federal receiver? Could this be effected, the
French Emperor might envy the craft and address
of a Yankee rival. Sir, I might lay the whole
stress of my objection here; that the system pro-
posed is not uniform, that it does not apply to
traders; but I take higher ground than tins. I
plant ray foot on the lofty and unsurrendered at-
tributes of State sovereignty. These corporations
are the creatures of State laws; in their inception,
progress, and operation, they are guided by State
wisdom and state control. Let not Federal au-
thority lay its meddlesome lingers on anything
that belongs to them, exccpt so far as the States
have consented, otherwise there will inevitably
result a shock in the system indicative of collec-
tions, jurisdictions, and the fierce jar of opposing
forces wrestling for mastery. I am jealous as any
man of this insidious spirit of Federal mcroach-
ment, this invasion of power upon the domain of
right, this clutch of the servant upon the reserved
wealth of his master.
I know it is affirmed that Congress, having power
to "com money and regulate the value theieof,"
may by implication grasp hold of, and manage
anything used by the States or people as money.
But what has this implication to rest-on. Con-
gress may coin money, (not issue bills,) and reg-
ulate the value of such coin; nothing else. Ail
the General Government can do is to refuse to take
the currency of the States in national transactions;
here her power ends. She has no right to soy
that I shall not receive the promise to pay of a
bank of my State, any more than from one of
my neighbors for goods sold and delivered.
1 know, indeed, that these recommendations,
though twice made, have not yet met with formal
adoption by the party ; but if unrebtfked and un-
exposed, the time will come when, lying dormant
for a season, like viper's eggs, the warm sun of
party success will quicken them into life and
vigor, and they will come forth and -throw their
coils around those State interests, an til their poisoft
shall enfeeble, and their strength strangle them to
death ! They shall touch ao interest of my Stste.,
with my consent. The Stsane war on the mon-
etary interests of the people began in' 1837, by the
Government, and rebuked again and again, is
renewed in every form of which its authors are
capable. Those injower are incessantly tamper''
ing with the currency; advocating at one time a
national bank, and then*insisting on it#repeal?
having at one moment great faith in State banks,
and at another no confidence whatever in suoh
institutions; using at one period the currency of -
State institutions, and at another discrediting it-,
and resorting to one exclusively metallic. They
have been smitten with a perpetual unrest, which
seems to have settled with all its disquietudes oa
the present Executive, who benevolently informs
us that the "existence of banks, and the circula-
tion of bank paper is so identified with the habits
of our people, that they cannot be suddenly abol-
ished without much immediate injury to the
country;" foreshadowing, however, that in caSe
I of ill behavior, Congress should prohibit alto-
gether their issuing the "promises to pay."
Sir, I should like to look upon an Administra-
tion that would seriously enter upon this trifling
task. I denounce it all as a systematic conspiracy
to control all the moneyed interests of this country;
to clutch the purse-strings of all private as well
as public wealth; and sweep into the train of Fed- -
eral consolidation the distinct agencies of Individ-
ual and State enterprise. But I can only indicate
outlines at this time, leaving full discussion to
some other occasion.
4. Our revenue and protective system. On this
subject, I am free to confess that I sympathize to
some extent with those who desire the lowest
duties on imports, compatible with the wants of
the Government. In this age, no interest, trade,
or calling should be protected for the sake of pro-
tection; it is, to some extent, a tax on the nest of
society. The theory of free trade can never be
refuted, provided you discard the idea of separate,
hostile, or dependent nationality. The principle
as such is unanswerable, standing alone.
But the difficulty is, it does not stand alone.
It is controlled and modified by countervailing
national legislation, by revenue necessities, by
the balance of trade, and other disturbing forces,
that place it among the class of political expe-
dients which a people may alter, increase, or di-
minish, as the best interests of the times may
demand; and if, in such increase or diminution,
discrimination can be made which will operate
incidentally as a protection, so let it be; provided
always, if it be not so large as ttf stimulate an
outlay which a slight or even considerable change
in the necessities of Government might destroy.
Our manufacturing interests are not benefited so
much by high as by steady tariffs- It may as
well be admitted at the outset that American man-
ufactures cannot meet those of other countries on
terms of equality that pay only one third or one
fourth the wages we are compelled to disburse;
their profit must exceed ours by all this difference.
I take it for granted we shall never resort to direct
taxation for the support of the national Govern-
!] ment, however beneficial such policy might be.
I 1 ['adopted, it would doubtless diminish the amount
one half m a single year! For what congressional
ij district could, or would, pay the two hundred and
I! fortieth part of |80,000,000 per annum—orabout
! three hundred and forty thousand dollars for each
;| district. Its collection would create civil war aiid
dissolve the Union eo instanli. The people will
" pay indirectly what they would not directly.
! But, sir, on this matter of raising revenue, we
1 are now at a stand; wastefulness, peculation,
! jobbing, and the cormorant brood that feed and
i fatten on Executive favor, have emptied the pub-
' lie Treasury so fast that some policy of replen-
■; lshmcnt must be adopted, or bankruptcy of this
! great corporation is the inevitable result. W^hat
a spectacle! with $70,000,000 income; more than
I,' sufficient for the economical support of Govern-
jj nieut, in a time of peace, to be compelled to bor-
ij row $20,000,000, per annum! Individually, I
| would cut down expenditures, dismiss an army
;i of office-holders in every administrative depart-
i ment, and inaugurate a system of close and rigid
economy; this is an essential preliminary step.
