1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
made, whether mileage or not, for a called ses-
sion, 1 am not prepared to say; butcertainly there
should be some compensation allowed for ex-
penses to a Senator who attends to a duty to
which the House is not called to act upon at all.
That there ought to be compensation, I have no
doubt; and if such a bill is brought forward, I
shall vote for it; but I cannot consent to force it
upon the appropriation bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have been trying, for the last
two hours, to offer some amendments to this bill.
The Committee on Finance have had this subject
under their charge, and have directed me to offer
an amendment similar to the one that has been
offered. The objection I make to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin is, that
it contemplates paying all Senators at an extra
session.
Mr. DURKEE. No, it does not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It pays only the newly-
elected Senators who actually come..
Mr. BRIGHT. Well, I think that is proper;
hut the amendment should be further amended,
by making an appropriation sufficient to cover
the amount.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does.
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not understand so when
it was lead. Let it be read again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then, if I understand the
amendment, Senators who will now attend the
called session will be entitled to mileage; and when
they attend m December next, they will be enti-
tled to mileage. That, i believe, is right in itself;
hut I doubt whether we can pass it. I think the
bctterplan would be to provide for the payment
of mileage to the Senators who aie called at the
extra session, and decline that no mileage shall
be paid to them on the first Monday of December
next. As the law now stands, they can take but
two mileages for one Congress. This amend-
ment proposes to change the law so as to give
them thiec or four, if there be special sessions.
Mr. 1VKUSON. I am opposed to allowing two
mileages dming the same year. The proposition
of the Senator 1'ioin Indiana would do very well,
to give mileage only at the extia session, and not
at the tegular session; but 1 think that i& notgiv-
ing as much us tlu-y aie entitled to. J think they
are entitled to mileage at the regular session, and
something tor traveling to and from their homes
at the extra session. Those of us who aie hen1
do not have to travel, and are not subjected to that
expense. I therefore propose this amendment, as
a substitute for the original amendment:
That whenever newly elected Senator tdiall be notified
to attend an exit a se-s-onn of ihe Senate, w hen Connie*.*, i-
oot convened, Uiov tdvitt fie entitled lo receive then actual
expcUhi'H m going to, and h* inning nom, Hie my ot Wash-
ington, to ho eei tilled l v them on honoi,
Mr. BRIGHT. I have an amendment which
has been piepared by the Committee on Finance,
the object of which is to pay them mileage at an
extra session, end none at the tegular session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The amendment of the Senator from
Indiana,is not now in order; but it will be read
for information.
The Secretaiy read it, as follows;
Jltid be it f'mthcr enucicrf, That, Iroin and after the pas-
sage of ihh> act, each menihei ol the Senate who ni.iv at-
tend any c s.tt ;t oi called of the Senate in the i ocoss
of Conines, and who wan not a member ol cube! llmiseot
Conme^ at the expnation ot the Countess pieeedmi: >ueh
exn.i oi called m---ton of the Senate, shall he emnled io
recent In-, mileage at «aul euia or culled vo>moii of the
Senate, iji-te.uiot iheeontmencenient ot the legulai
of Con«re^ Mitceednig such extia ot called .se'-Mon ot the
Senate ; and that «-n«.h fUin it-, may he neces-;u v to pas the
mileage ntme^-nd. be, ami llie miiii1 w hereby,approptlateil
out ot any money in the Tieasuiy not otherwise appio-
priated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator fi 0111 Geoigta
to the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin.
Mr. GREEN. I am not satisfied with either
one of the propositions now pending; but, as we
must Sirstdispose of the amendment to the amend-
ment before anything better can be proposed, I
will indicate what 1 think would be fair and
proper. The law now fixes one mileage for each
year, or two mileages foi a whole Congress. Theie
may be an exiia session of Congiess, at which
me in be is of the House of Repitsentatives Will
ha\e io attend without mileage, as well as mem-
bers of the Senate: and to thai extent it is per-
fectly fairand equal between the Senate and House
of Representatives; but we ali know, from actual
experience and from the histoiy of the Govern-
ment, that theie are extra sessions of the Senate
at "which Senators must attend and get no pay.
Those newly elected Senators who take their
seats on such occasions ought to be paid for com-
ing here. They are compelled to come, under the
law. If they do not come, they can be coerced,
and the.Sergeant-at Arms can be sent after them.
Now, as they must come, what good does it do
them if we only pay them in advance a mileage
which they woulu be entitled to receive eight or
nine months afterwards? It is not adequate; it
is not just to them. They ought to be paid their
extra mileage. It ought not to be called extra
mileage; it ought to be called mileage for extra
services. It is an extra service that members of
the House of Representatives do not perform.
New Senators incur an expense—some of them
of $300, some $500, some more—in coming here
and paying their expenses of travel and remaining
here. Some of them come five hundred miles;
some one thousand; some three thousand. Sen-
ators come from California, from Missouri, from
Illinois, from Wisconsin, from Minnesota. Itis
their duty to perform this travel. Now, I say
we should give them a reasonable compensation
for it. The judgment of Congress has been, that
the present rates, as fixed by law, constitute what
may be called reasonable compensation. I there-
fore think they ought to have it; and at the as-
sembling of Congiess at the regular session, or at
any other session of Congress, get no other mile-
age than what the law at present gives to all
members of the Semite and House of Represent-
atives. At any extra session of Congress neither
the members of the Senate nor of the House of
Ropteseutati vesgetany mileage or any pay. They
are paid by the year; and, whether they sit stx
months or twelve months, they get the same.
Whether they attend one session or four sessions,
it is all the same. Rut, with Senators called to
attend an extra session lor executive business, it
is an extraordinary service. New Senators must
come and incur the expense, and they ought to
be paid. I shall theiefore vote to give them the
regular rates of mileage for any extra session of
the Senate when Congiess is n« t convened.
Air. TRUMBULL. The original amendment,
as I understand it, is exactly what the Senator
from Missouri proposes. The oiiginal amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin is to givo
to the newly elected Senators, who come here at a
special session of the Senate, mileage.
Mr. GREEN. When Congress dues not con-
vene?
Mi. TRUMBULL. I think those words are in
the amendment, and I think that is the best way
of disposing of it. Now, in regard to the prop-
osition ot' the Senator from Georgia, it seems to
me rather a small matter to require a Senator to
make a eei tificate on honoras to what he actually
expended—how much he expended for his meals
and for his fare and for his lodging.
Mr. GREEN. The amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin reads now, any mcmbei of the
Senate:" it ought to read, " any newly elected
Semitoi."
Mr. TRUMBULL. It provides for an extra
session of the Senate, and I apprehend it would j;
not be ;in extra session of the Senate if Congiess ji
were not in session.
Mr. GREEN. It is better to put it beyond all !j
doubt. . I!
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the object of it; ji
and I presume the Senator from Wisconsin would j!
accept thai modification; and then it accomplishes i|
the object of the Senator from Missouri. 1 did m
think two years ago, when the Sonatots came here ii
from Wisconsin, and from Alisxissippi, and from j
California, to attend an extra session of the Sen- i,
ate, immediately after the 4th of March, and had jj
to remain here a couple of weeks, and had to pay
their own expenses here and back, and got noth- ;j
ing, it was not light. Those of us who are heie l!
have fto travel to perform, butthey must perform !
it. The same thing occurs now; one third of the |j
Senate goes out lo-moirow and twenty new Sen- u
aturs come in; the newly elected Senatois who
come here are not entitled to any mileage, if they
ate at present members of the Senate they have
no light to claim anything; but those who are \<
summoned from thousands of mdes distant, ou<?ht II
to be paid. It is nothing but justice; and I hope
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. CLAY. I suggest this question to the
Senator: suppose they should come before any
summons; should we pay them still?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think I would
go into that. It might as well be said that if any
of us had business calling us to the city of Bal-
timore, just before the meeting of Congress, and
we should happen to be there when Congress
met, it was evidence that we ought not to be paid
for coming here.
Mr. CLAY. That is, if he comes on private
business, the Senator thinks he ought to be paid
as well as if lie were summoned to perform public
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he is here to perform
public duties, and his residence is at a distance,
I would pay him mileage. I would not inquire
whether or not private business brought him; if
he is here to discharge public duties, I think he
should be entitled to a leasonable compensation.
Mr. GREEN. Let me suggest to the Senator
that the 4th of March, every fourth year, is the
incoming of a new Administration, and new Sen-
ators have a right to anticipate a call, and come
without any summons.
Air. TRUMBULL. I suppose a sufficient an-
swer to the suggestion of the Senator from Ala-
bama is, that they would be summoned, as a mat-
ter of course. I take it that the President, if he
convened an extra session of the Senate, would
summon all the members. It would certainly be
a singular discharge of his duty to notify only a
part of the body to attend. I take it that they
would all be summoned, as a matter of course.
But a word m reply to the Senator from Dela-
ware. He seems to regard this as coercive upon
the House of Representatives. I do not. What
has been our legislation here within a few days ?
We put a provision, raising the rates of postage
and abolishing the franking privilege, first upon
the post loute bill, and afterwards upon the Post
Office appropriation bill. We put it upon two
bills with the avowed purpose, as was stated by
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. I vers on,] of forc-
cing the House to adopt it. 1 did not approve of
thaL 1 would not attempt to coerce the House to
adopt any amendment of ours; but 1 think this
is as proper a place to put in this provision as
any; and if the House do not think proper to
agree to the amendment, they can reject it. it is
not at all probable that the Senate would stand
out about this amendment; and it is so eminently
right, that, I take it, the House will a^ree to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Senator
from Wisconsin having modified his proposition,
the Chair will have it read again, as modified.
The Secretary lead it, as follows:
Jbut he it further ounted. That whenevei newly elected
Senators shall be notified to attend an extra session of tiic
Senate when Congie«-s shall not convene,and -lull attend,
they ish.ill lie allowed mileage in the s.mie man net a> is now
allowed sit the coimm neementof a tegular se^iou ot Con-
gress; and mileage >bali be allowed tojlio-e newly elected
^enatoi- who attended the extra -e--ton enlh'd and held
on the 4th dav of Match, 1S57 ; and a sufficient Mini of
money is hereby appmpuated ontot the Tiea-ury to pay
thermic; but nothing hciein contained -.hati he\>o eon-
ttruud as to allow con-aiuotive milejijre ui ease.
Air. SEWARD. I think I can speak with-
out any partiality on tins subject. 1 have two
constinctivn mileages lying in the bands of the
Secretary of the Senate, which I have never
drawn, and which 1 propose never to draw. I
do not think any money will ever come into my
pocket by reason of this proposiuon, if it shall be
accepted. Since the alteration in the aet provid-
ing for the compensation of members of Con-
gress, it has seemed to me apparent that, at the
conclusion of every Congiess, the President of
the United States will probably find — I do not say
that he will necessarily find—an exigency requir-
ing the attendance of the Senate m an extra ses-
sion for a few days, to transact business which
will have passed by, or which may have occurred
before the close ot the •last session, but too late
then to be acted on. Under such circumstances,
the Piesiuont will summon the Senate to meet
ag;ain. A poi tion of the Senate, consisting of two
of its three clashes, will be here ready to attend
that summons without expense. The other—the
third class—will not be here; the Senate will be
incomplete without that third, or newly-elected
class. If we shall say that they shall be deprived
of the mileage for their attendance here, it 's
