504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
an acre. Why, then, should the Government be
unwilling to give a preference to the settler; and
why should it care whether their money is paid
to-day or to-morrow, this year or next year?
Should the little matter of time affect this ques-
tion? No; there is a higher consideration*-a con-
sideration above dolkus and cents—and that is,
the interest of the people of the country, that
their children should have homos. The man who
labors for another, and on another's farm, should
himselflfepire to be a freeholder; for he who tills
his own land, and who owes allegiance to himself
alone and his country, is really free. We desire to
have our western States built up by such freemen,
and we ask Congress not to adopt a policy which
would thwart that aim.
The amendment to this bill, (o which the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Taylor] has al-
luded, and which provides that the land shall not
be brought into market under the President's
proclamation for ten years, is a proposition in
which I most heartily concur. It is in accordance
with the spirit of our institutions. It is one which
I trust—if this bill shall ever come up again—will
receive the authoritative sanction oV the House,
and become a law.
The opposition of the gentleman from New
York is based on the idea that this amendment
will deprive the public Treasury of fnoncy; but I
'will say this to the gentleman: there are, at this
moment, eleven million four hundred and ninety
thousand acres of unlocated land warrants afloat
in this country; and does the gentleman suppose
that the public lands will be paid for with money
at the rate of $1 25 per acre, when they can be as
well paid for with land warrants, which are sell-
ing at from seventy-live to eighty-five cents per
acre ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. T ask the gen-
tleman from Minnesota whether <U.S21JO,UOU has
not been received from the sales of public lands
during the last fiscal year?
Mr. IT1ELPS, of Minnesota. 1 w«ll state to
the gentleman that aim 2:0 proportion of ihm money
received into the pubiio Treasury fiom the sale
of Government lands has been pan! for graduated
lands, for which it would not pay to buy iand \\ ar-
rants. Uut in my State, and in every State when:
the land is sold at^l an acre, the invariable cus-
tom is to locate the lands v/ith land wanants, for
it is economy to do so. I would soy to the gen-
tleman still further, that the amendment upon
which he bases his opposition to the bill will only
apply to a few of the States and Territories. It
is practically but a small poition of the unsold
land of the Government that falls within the oper-
ations of this amendment, and that, air, in States
that demand this protection upon the highest and
most patriotic considerations, it tends to protect
the labor and enterprise of fiisi settlers.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New Yoik. I \vr,h to cor-
rect die gentleman in one lenuuk uf his. lie
sptak.d of my oppugn.-:!*' to tin; hill. ! object
to that. I am not opposed t<> the bill. i sup-
ported it throughput, until thai .lumndmi et was
offered, winch did nof convince my judgment. I
then voted against the bill, and to lay it on the
table. My object now in interrupting the gentle- 1
man—for which I beg his pardon—is to satisfy ;
my mind about \ho conectnesx of that amend-
ment, so that, if I can do so, I may give my sup- j
port to the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Mmneyota. I v/oold say,
then, in reply to the mmtleman from New York,
that if i have ded him any light or knowledge
in regard to thi-j matter, and it i can induce him
to aid and support the system, which v. e think will
bo so beneficial to Minnesota, 1 shall ha\:  dos e
as much as, and ptihaps nn-re than, 1 t xpee'rd.
X will tell him that in all the \w States end i'< r-
ritorie.*, the Tr< ;iMa-y will ;i"t bo r-o't vt d by the
sale of the pabln: hiiuh: w jth.n t;  • i t \Uen year ?.
For myself, perse .-ahy. 1 would have .-reienld,
}>eihap&, that iost.'e;] lti te.iye.'^ ihu Im.Liuon
should have been live wco^, h "hereby* to
induce some who m.-y i.^w vuto a:-^:.i i, to \oce
for, and pass tiny bill; lot I on u rh r t-.-m.,-
tmng should be done to j / tao j\'\v wesrein
States from thepre&eisi i, prio iv-o scy of hasten-
ing the stile or the public lands, <UU ! will accept'
any proposition looking to tmu o'oiect. i
it would sretn the true position of the western
settler is not Considered. * Are not the ear!'/ ret-
tlers of a new ovate enti'Jed to some degree ofVavor
at the hands of the Government? Do their de-
privations, toil, and enterprise to extend our in-
stitutions, to develop the wilderness, to make the
waste places teem with the evidences of an ad-
vanced civilization, to set the streams to the music
of the water-wheel, give these pioneer men no
consideration at the hands of a Government whose
piosperity they do so much to promote? Shall
the Government cripple the energies of these men,
by forcing on the public sales, and, like a relent-
less creditor, follow them to their western cabins
for their last cow, or team, when these very men
have expended their all, and are making the hunt-
ing-ground of the Indian, whose camp fires are
not yet extinguished, valuable and productive to
the Government ?
These States are yet in their infancy; and we
should do all we can to protect their interests and
their prosperity. We can best do this by pro-
tecting the -hardy pioneer, who, through priva-
tions and sufferings and toil, is striving to make
himself a home and a competency in the West.
These are the men whose interests we should pro-
tect; and. by passing this bill, we do protect them.
So far as my personal opinion goes, 1 would
say this: I do not believe the public lands of the
United States were evei intended or designed to
be a sou ice of revenue to the Government. It is
an anomaly in the history of nations. There is
no other nation in the world that makes its public
lands an estimated and legitimate source of reve-
nue. And should we—a free people, desiring free
homes—sot such nn example ?
Mr. CAVANAUGLE. England charges for the
public land in her colonies.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. *My colleague
suggests that England charges for her lands. She
donates her lands m large tracts for the puipose
of pi omoting settlement. She has already donated
a large tract of land on the borders of our State.
M r. T A YLOR, of New York. England charges
one pound an aero for all the public lands in her
colonies and islands.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. 1 would state,
in reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Taylor,] that it appears from the Hudson's Bay
leports, published by the British Parliament, that
the-fhitish Governmentexpend every dollar they
receive from the sale of public lands> in our bor-
dering ljiUn:h Provinces m the northwest, in
building roads, bridges, and improving the coun-
try. The Government really derives no actual
revenue from the land. And should a less liberal
land policy be adopted by our Government3 This
Government has paid buta small price for its pub-
he lands, and it should be willing to donate them
for the purposes of settlement; because thereby
not only will the prosperity ot the Government be
promoted, but us revenues will be increased.
Without people we should have no revenue. We
might enact the highest possible tariff that any
gentleman on the other aide of the House might
orMr- , and if wc had no people who would settle
our lands, there would be no revenue collect! d.
The object of the Government should be to pro-
mote the prosperity and the peopling of the coun-
try : and when they have promoted that. en$, they
ha\c  lone that for the country which will be tor
its greatest advantage.
The amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Grow] does^&t affect, the Treas-
ury of the United States mateiially, a? I think I
have shown. Is it not good policy5 Is it not the
turn policy of this Government to donate the pub-
lic hinds to settlers ? Eut if gentlemen are not pre-
pared for that, h it not justice to afford all possi-
ble facilities to the settlement of the country,
o-m<-eialiy as it costs the Government nothing?
bill would tend to accomplish tins desnaole
t—not by asking the Government to pay a
not by asking the Covet nmont to reduce the
of the public Lmus o>v solitary peon} ; no,
: enlv Tr." "? the sexier hme to pay for his
1 vv«.uM «->y ><j the gentleman i/om New
t.:r t it does not driv1 him ten y°ais' time.
" tlii^ bz!l, tiie <"! :!er who goe^ upon the pub-
• 'N •■'.v i; ■:'[( d to pay for the Innd he seeks
"'f within twelve month5? from the time
'us s 'trL-Micnt. And is it anything but
jo-:: to-u'.j the settlers twelve months in which
to earn the nu a:'s of paying for their lands? Per-
mit me to say it is not just even;'it should give
them a longer time.
The gentleman from New York is mistaken if
i Tl
he Jaw
co or-.•
he oial
he supposes that the Government is to be de-
frauded out of any money. I will say to him,
also, that; the whole of the western part of the
State of Minnesota, with the exception of a small
tract brought into market in 1855, has been set-
tled, by preemption, and by preemption alone.
Settlers who desired to make homes have gone
there. They are not speculators. They have
settled in good faith, and have, I believe, actually
paid for their lands more rapidly than in any other
new State or Territory settled before or since.
If, then, the Government derives no present ad-
vantage from the sale of the public lands; if the
present systeiri only tends to absorb the land war-
rants now in existence; and if, in fact, this bill
only allows one year's extension of time for the
payment for the lands already settled upon, what
becomes of the objection which the gentleman has
raised to this bill and this amendment, which has
eo frightened gentlemen?
I desired that these facts should come before
the committee and the House, as they may influ-
ence, to some extent, the action of the House. I
have been connected myself with the public land
system in Minnesota, and 1 believe the preemp-
tion system is the only proper way to dispose
of the public lands; and I do not desire to be
found wanting in my duty to a principle, and a
policy which, I think, has done so much for the
country in the past, and which, if carried out,
will do so much for the country m the future. I
will now yield the floor to my colleague.
Mr. OAVANAUGH. Mr. Chairman, through
the kindness of my colleague, who has yielded
a portion of Ins time to me, I will detain the com-
mittee a short time in the discussion of the bill
to which my colleague has alluded. I, sir, know
something nbuut the preemption system in the
West. I have seen it m all its phases and forms.
Sir, the West has grown up m a wondrous man-
ner. It has grown up,as it were, by magic. Take
my own Sta'o for an example, if you please, for
the last nine years. Why, sir, nine years ago the
census of that State, then a Territory, was taken,
and its population amounted to four thousand and
some odd hundreds. Now, it is a sovereign State
of this Union, numbering over two hundred thou-
sand free, intelligent, and independent people—
people who have gone there from the north, from
the south, from the east, and from the west,
carrying with them the institutions of the sev-
eral States from which they emigrated; carrying
with them the Bible, the ntle, the ax, the school-
hou&e, and the church; carrying with them, also,
the appliances of civilization. And we have
gathered up and plucked from the broad prairies
of the far northwest, an independent and sover-
eign State—the youngest hoiu, I admit, of this
Confederacy, but which is, we can say, in the
language of our State motto, L'Rifile du Nord
— "the Star of the North." Prom a struggling
Territory, we have formed a great State, adding
another jewel to the aheady splendid crown that
gilds this western hemisphere ! Flow has it been
done? By your ^peculators, or by your actual
settlers? Certainly not by the gentlemen who
fight the bulls and bears on Wall street; not by
the gentlemen who sell goods on India wharf in
Boston; not by the individuals who deal m cotton
on the levee in New Orleans; but by ute brawny
and strong arms of the bboiing men who have
gone there and rescued that Territory and its
broad acres from a wild, but InxnrianHgrowth,
and brought them into cultivation; who have
made those fertile prairies of ours bud and blos-
som like a rose, and cur vast valleys vocal with
the hum of the industry of an honest yeomanry.
I am. sir, on this question of the public lands,
perhaps, intensely radical. I make no speeches
tor ihmrcmbo, on this or any other question. I
belong io the people, have sprung from them, and
am litre us their Representative. I have no ul-
terior views to subserve. I speak the honest
sentiments of my constituents, and I speak the
honest sentiments of my heart, when I say that
these public lands of ours belong to the people
only, and to the men who will cultivate them.
jVly colleague has alluded to the land system in
our own State, iie has alluded to the county of
Mower, lying directly west of the one m which
I reside. I have traveled over that county from
north to south, fiom east to west. I know every
quaiter section and every forty acres within the
limits of that county; yet, sir, I can ride for
