1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
twenty miles there, and not see a house or hab-
itation. The lands are ah entered; and entered
by whom? Has the Government of the United
States, has the public Treasury of this Union,
received its 25 per acre for'-these lands? Sir,
the land-warrant dealers of New York, Boston,
and other cities, have plastered that fair county
of ours over with land warrants, and land war-
rants owned by non-residents.
In the able and-,honest report of your consci-
entious Commissioner of the General Land Office,
I find the following figures: That during the fiscal
year ending1 June 30, 1858, there were received,
for sales of public lands, in cash, $9,534,192 20;
loeated with military bounty land warrants, five
million eight hundred and two thousand one hun-
dred and fifty acres. Now, sir, I ask any gentle-
man upon the floor of this House, whore is the
accession to the revenue of the country from the
sales of the public lands ? If the present tariff is
not sufficient to meet the expenditures of the
Government, I say, increase it in a statesmanlike
manner to meet the exigencies which may anse.
Tax your importations of foreign goods, if ne-
cessary; but do not tax the .man whose strong
arms have cut down your forests, cultivated your
fields, and added the great States of the "West to
this Confederacy. Do not tax him in raising the
revenues of the Government. By whom are new
States founded? Is it by the gentlemen who roll
in their splendid carriages down this Pennsyl-
vania avenue of ours ? Are new States and Ter-
ritories formed by your gentlemen in New York
who dwell in brown-stone-front palaces in Fifth
avenue? Are new States added to tins Confed-
eracy by gentlemen who deal in cotton in the pub-
lic marts in New Orleans? I believe, sir, that
States and empires are not founded by such men.
States and empires, whose foundations are laid
broad, deep, and lasting, are planted by the man
who takes his wife and his little ones with him,
and identifies himself with the interests and prog-
ress of ins new home. He has given them to
posterity anttthe country, as hostages of Jiis sin-
cerity. They are founded by "the men who come
out of your southern, uorthern, and your eastern
States, seeking new homes, erecting new altars
—not to strange^gods, but to the same God-
worshiping at the same shrine, speaking the same
language, feeling t!fe same sentiments that you
and I do; but they go out to plant new States and
new Territories—seeking wider fields for the ex-
ercise of their industry, energy, and enterprise.
Mr. Chairman, i have had some experience in
this preemption system. As my colleague has
well said, there may be perjury; and I look upon
the present system of pieemption of the public
lands as offering a premium for perjury. I have
myself seen ten, fifteen, or twenty men enter one
of the public land oilices of the United States,
knowing that they were committing perjury; and
yet no officer, however honest, upright, or con-
scientious, would be permitted to go behind their j
oath or withhold from them their enuies of the |
public lands.. This class of individuals are owned \
by the outside non-resident speculator—a curse
to any State and Territory in the Union.
And now, sir, in reference to the vole on this
bill to-da}', with an overwhelming majority of this
side of the House voting against my colleague
and myself, voting against this bill, I say it
frankly, I say it m sorrow, that it was to the Re-
publican s-ide of the House to whom we were
compelled to look for supportof this just and hon-
est measure. Gentlemen from the South, gentle-
men who have broad acres and wide plantations,
aided here to-day, by their votes, more to make
Republican Stateym the Noith than by any vote
which has been cast within the last two years.
These gentlemen ask us to come here and sup-
port the South; yet they, to a man almost, vote
aasi.ist the free, independent labor of the North
and West. ; ;
I, sir, have inherited my Democracy; have been ■
attached to the Democratic party hom my boy- ;
hood; have believed in the great truths, as enun-
ciated by the " fathers of the faith,"' and have^i
cherished them religiously, knowing that, by their
faithful application to every depaiiment of the ;
Government, this nation has grown up from strug- |
gling colonies to prosperous, powerful, and sov- !
rreign States. But, sir, when 1 see southern gen- j
tiemen come up, as I did to-day, and refuse, by j
then* votes, to aid my constituents, refuse to place I
the actual tiller of the soil,-the honest, indus-
trious laborer, beyond the grasp and avarice of
the speculator, I tell you, sir, I falter and I hesi-
tate.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. How many of the
Democratic party, from the North and Northwest,
voted with the gentleman and his colleague for the
engrossment of the bill?
Mr. CAYANAUGII. Indeed I cannot tell. It
was so unanimous upon this side of the House
against the bill, a^ainstmycolleague and myself,
that we might feel compelled to go for support to
my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] and to
gentlemen upon the other side.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Then the Demo-
cratic members from the North and Northwest
also voted generally with the Democratic members
from the South. But it is not at all a question
between the South and the other sections of the
Union.
Mr. CAYANAUGH. To the gentleman on the
Republican side of the House, who voted with
my colleague and myself, i accord cheerfully the
piaise. I trust that as they have commenced, they
will continue to pursue, the line of policy that
will result m giving free homes to honest and
industrious settlers.
Mr. KELLOGG. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question. It seems to me that the north-
em Democracy are a little anxious toget righton
this subject. I would like to ask my friend from
Minnesota whether heknows'of any Republican
who voted against it?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I do not. I suppose
that there are nune. I will say here, that in all
my votes in this House, in the past as well as in
the future, no matter from what side of the House
the question may come, if it meets with the ap-
proval of my conscience, I shall cast them, though
I do so against the overwhelming majoiity of my
own party.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. That is the duty
of every honest Representative.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I was not sent here to
representee Democratic party merely. Myfealty
to that paity cannot be questioned. But I am
also here with my colleague to represent the in-
terests of two hundred thousand people of the
Northwest;and when I fail to represent them hon-
estly and faithfully, it is the simplest process for
them to tell me that I have not discharged my
trust. They can, in that event, make their voice
known through the ballot; and their sullrages wiil
fall silently as the snow-Hake, but with tne power
and strength of majesty*-
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Ido not understand
that anybody has censured the gentleman and ins
colleague for being m company w.tli the Repub-
lican party on this question. I rose onl^y to vin-
dicate myself, and others with whom I voted. I
presume, of course, that he designs to cast no cen-
sure upon us.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I hope the gen-
tleman will give me credit for an honest anxt<ity
to be placed right on this bid. I support.-d u
throughout, until the adoption of the amendment
of the g*. n,llcmau fiom Pennsylvania,[Mi.Giiow.]
which did not meet my approbation. With lus
indulgence, I will give him one reason why I op-
posed the bdl after the adoption of the amendment
I have referred to. I^nd that 817,529.35 acres,
weresoldatftl 25 per acre, making §1,150,100 73;
2,987,379.11 acres sold at graduated price?, pro-
ducing $966,601 27; making a c<tsh total in all of
$•2,116,768 02; while, on the contrary, there were
5,80:3,150 acres located by land warrants. Under
the present condition of the Treasury, 1 thought
that it was not right to cut the Government off
from arecupf, I'.ke that I have slated. This was
one reason. 1 also doubttU the policy of making
the period s<. long. I am anxious >o support Hie
bill if my objection can be removed.
Mr. CAYANAUGH. I do not go too far
when I say that nobody here doubts the honesty
of motive influencing the action of the gentleman
from New York. His conduct as chairman, or
member, of the Committee on Printing, 1 do not
now lecollect winch, whereby he has exposed
such stupendous—1 will call them stupendous—
frauds, lob'ocrics, and corruptions in the public
printing, hd« been often commended. I am proud
to indorse him, and I am glad to know that lie
has voted with us.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed, entirely, to the
bill introduced by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Cobb.] I think that any law repealling the
preemption laws of the country oughtto provide
a grant to every actual settler, free of cosi, of one
hundred and sixty acres of land. I may be consid-
ered an agrarian. If that be agrarianism, then I
admit the charge. 1 say, and utter it here dis-
tinctly, that, in my opinion, no man upon this
broad earth should be entitled to an acre of the
public lands, unless he is willing to cultivate and
improve and enhance their value. 1
Mr. PHELPS, qf Minnesota. Will not my
colleague go for this bill if he cannot get a home-
stead bill ?
Mr. CAYANAUGH. I will reply to my col-
league's question, that, as a dernier resort, as*a
choice of evils, I would of course select the least.
If I cannot get such a bill as 1 desire, I will take
this bill with all its imperfections upon its head.
Neither gentlemen from New York, Louisiana,
Alabama, nor from your own State of Kentucky,
Mr. Chairman, nor'from any State of the Union,
ought ever to have been allowed to enter an acre
of land in Minnesota, unless it was their intention
to occupy and to cultivate it. Men have been
fascinated by land speculations during this uni-
versal mania for the acquisition of public lands.
They have sent out their land warrants to my
Siate, and have located them over the counties of
Dodge, of Mower, of Houston, of Fillmore, and
of other counties; land warrants which they pur-
chasedforeightyand ninety cents per acre. What
amount has been added to the revenue of the Gov-
ernment from the entry of public lands? Why,
sir, the Government has been so mean and so pe-
nurious, as not only to enter on public lands with
land warrants, but also to deprive our land officers
of their honest fees.
Mr. M1LLSON. If the gentleman will allow
me I willask him a question. How much revenue
does Minnesota derive from the United States
lands within her limits ?
Mr. CAYANAUGH. I tflink five per cent, on
all the lands sold since her admission.
Mr. MILLSON. That is not an answer to my
question. How much revenue does ihe State of
Minnesota derive from the United States lands
""Mr! CAYANAUGII. Not a dollar, that I
know of,
Mr. M1LLS0N. I do not suppose it derives a
dollar.# Does Minnesota dm ive any revenue from
lands puichasod by non-residentsr1
Mr. CAYANAUGH. U docs not.
Mr. MILLION. Do you not tax the land* of
non-residenis ?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. We have generally to
sell the lands for taxes.
Mr. FvllLLSON. And theiJ*you get the lands
yourselves.
Mr. CAYANAUGH. Tax titles do not amount
to innci).
Mr. M1LLSON. Well, I really do not sea
what injury is done to the people of Minnesota
by tlie sale of lands to non-residents. They derive
a ievenne ftom them.
Mr. CAVANACJGII. I will state the injury
that is done. Suppose that! own a hundred and
sixty acres' of land on which 1 am settled: I fence,
improve, and cultivate that land. My honorable
and distinguished friend from Virginia is, let us
suppose, a speculator, and locates his land ad-
joining mine. By the improvement of my land
1 enhance the value of my fnend's land; and if I
wish to extend the area of my farm and to buy
the adjoining land, I will have to pay five, ten,
fifteen, or twenty dollars an acre for it—a value
given it,  ot by its owner's industry, but by
mine.
Mr. M1LLSON. But. the State levies the tax
in proportion to the enhanced value.
Mr. CAYANAUGH. No, sir; these lands are
tax -d «s wild lands, at the rate, 1 believe, of two
dollars for every forty acres. The gentleman is
reposing m his quiet, pleasant home in Virginia,
surrounded by all those appliances of wealth and
civilization of which I know the gentleman* has
just as keen an appreciation as any one in this
Hall; yet he will allow his lands to be idle, while
my energy and my industry and my money en-
hance the value of his land.
Neither am I willing, sir, to confine the giving
of the public lands only to the native born of
these States. Every man, no matter what his
