1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1587
That is to say, they have not changed the
amount, but they have changed the language so
as to direct specifically that out of the appropria-
tion of $300,000, $50,000 shall be used for exper-
iments on heavy ordnance.
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from their disagreement to the Senate's fifth
amendment, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: Strike out the words " and fif-
ty." It was proposed to appropriate $.250,000
for horse equipments for the mounted regiments
and stores and supplies. The House lecede so
far as to peimit an appropriation of $200,000 for
this purpose, and the Senate recede from that
portion of the amendment which provided that
$100,000 should he used during the present fiscal
year.
The Senate rccede from the following amend-
ments, namely: sixth,seventh, nineteenth, twen-
tieth, twenty-fifth, twenty-seventh, and twenty-
eighth. If it is desired, I will state what these
amendments are. [" No."]
The House recede from their disagreement to
the following amendments of the Senate, and
agree to the same, namely: eighth, fifteenth, twen-
ty-first, twenty-second, twenty-third, and twen-
ty-fourth.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate's twenty-sixth amendment, and agree
to the same with amendments, as follows:
After line five, insert the words: For Fort Knox, Penob-
scot bay, $>20,000.
Strike out lines eight and nine, (which contain the appio-
priatiori foi Foit Tompkins.)
Fn line ten, strike out " fifty" and insert " forty."
After line ten, inseit the^e word-*: ForFoitMontaomery,
Lake Ohainptiun, $10,0UU
in line eleven, otnlce out "one bundled" and insert
" seventy-five."
In lines thnteen and fourteen, Ptnke out "onehundred"
and nideit u seventy five "
1 ii line seventeen, strike out " seventv-five' and inseit
"fifty."
fn line nineteen, strike out<l fifty" and int-eit " ihiuv."
In line uventy two, strike out the word "five."
I?i hue twenty-four, .-tiike out " titty" and nisei! "thir-
ty."
I will state, generally, the object of these
amendments, as the Senate may not recollect them
by their numbers. The Senate recede fiom their
amendment increasing the appropriation for the
Benicia arsenal, from $50,000 to $100,000; it re-
mains at $50,000 The Huuse rccede fiom their
disagreement to the amendment of the Senate, in-
creasing the appropriation for the Texas arsenal
from $15,000 to $2l,0U0. The House recede from
their disagreement to the amendment piovulmg
for printing a revised edition of the system of in-
struction for field artiiieiy and for procuring and
distributing to the militia of the United States
books of tactical instruction. The Senatelecede
from their amendment providing for the settle-
ment of the accounts of officers for quaitermas-
ter's stoics issued to Kansas voluntatis. The
Senate recede fiom their amendment providing
that no more of the outstanding appropriations
shall be expended duungthe present year herein
provided for than the amount winch shall be ne-
cessary to settle liabilities previously aceiued
The House iecede from their disagreement to the
different amendments in relation to the Military
Asylum. The Senate recede from their amend-
ment providing for the payment of interest in the
adjustment of the accounts of the States against
the United States lor expenditures made during
and after the war of 1812. The House recede
from, and agree with, an amendment, as I have
stated the sums, to the amendment in relation to
fortifications. The Senate recede from their amend-
ment, to which the House disagreed, in relation
to the inspection of servants and horses of offi-
cers of the Army, and allowing them their com-
mutation
Mr. MALLORY. Allow me to ask the chair-
man of the committee of conference a question.
1 did not hear him mention the sums kept in tot*
the foi ts in the Grit If. ,
Mr. DAVIS. For the principal work at the
Tortugas, the sum lemains as provided for by
the amendment of the Senate. For the work at
Ivey West, Foil Taylor, the Senate agree to a re-
duction of $5,000 of the sum appropriated by the
amendment of the Senate.
The repoit was concurred in.
ENROLLED BILL.
A message from the House of Pcepiesentatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 593) S
to provide for extending the laws and the judicial
system of the United States to the State of Ore-
gon, and for o.ther purposes; and it was signed by
the Vice President.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the first and fourth amendments of
the Senate to"the bill (Li. R. No. 712) making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1860, and had agreed to
the second and third amendments of the Senate,
with amendments; in which the concurrence of
the Senate, was requested.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Resolved, Thai the Senate disagree to the amendment!?
of the lloiwe to it- amendments to the said hill, and ask a
eoimtiiuoeof eonlerenee o.i the de-a'ii eum'* votes of the
two IhuHo-c. and that the committee be appointed by the
Vice IV'tident
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The consideration of the bill (fl. R. No. 713)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government, for the year ending the 30th
of June, 18G0, was icsuiri d as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds:
~i>ulheit fwthcr en-ictrd, That foi p.oeunnif the necea
sary fuimtine foi the Senate Chamber, the audience rooms,
the committee-ioonis- the room*, occupied by the office of
the Secretary of the Senate, and oilier rooms of the north
wifjg of the Capitol in the occupancy of the Senate and ith
appendages, the superiutoiidentof the Capitol extension be
dneeted to make a stuvey and ascertain what ailie'es of
fnrnituie will be needed, with the materials designs, and
dimeiiMonis ol the same ; and that lie be. and he i* heieby,
authorized to pubh-h the propel specificationsand/lescrip-
tion* 01 the atuclea that mav be t equircd, and invite sealed
pioposaN to be made to hun within tinny daj * from the
{late ol rhe fn^t publication oi the *ame f>>: ihe manuf.ie
mi'' and eoiwruetioti nl the s.nd aitiele- of Iurnitme. to be
opened at the appointed tune, in the pteMjnce of the bul-
dei- or other pei -oils; and that a eontraet oi contracts lor
rtueii hiruituie ^hal! be made with the lowest and bes-l bid
der, M'feience being had io the quality ol the mateiuvl, the
Mipenomy of workmanship,and ihe time in winch the .^ame
shall be completed ; and that pioper secuuty shall be taken
for the faithful and piompt <'\ecu;ion of the work ; and that,
for the puipoMi oi paynur for the .-aid furniture as it may
he completed and dehveied to ihe satisfaction of the said
fcupeuntende-nr, Mich fiuu of moii<,y a.-> may be requned
theielor be, and the -lime heie y is-, appiopu.tted, lo be paid
out of any money in the Tiea.-uiry not otlienvise appropn-
ated.
Mr. MASON. I hope that appropriation will !
not be made. I do not see any reason wiiy we !
should not be content, m this new building, with j
tjie old fui intuto. We have abundance here in j
the Senate Chamber—the chairs and desk?! which .
wei e used in the old building. As far as I know, :
in the com mittee-i ooms, we have alum dance there. !
In the room of the committee of which I am a ,
member, we have the old furniture of the old 1
committee-room, it is abundant for our pur- :
poses; and, in the present state of the Treasury, 1
and our anxiety not to mcrea.se the expendituies,
1 think it would be m veiy bad taste, not to give
it a harsher name, that we should he expending j
money to furnish tins new Copttol. We have >
cibiindanco of ftirniUuc, which luis been brought .
from llie old Capitol—veiy tr<>od funutme, as far i
as 1 know—and 1 trust that t he nppi oprintion will ■
not be made.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope now, sn, that gentle-
men who aie at the head of committees will have .
an opportunity of explaining how far thov do ;
need furmtuie m then conmmteo-rooms. itisa
great relief to m" to have an opportunity of offer- 1
mg this amendment. It was reported from the !
Committee on Public Duildmss and G rounds some
four weeks since m the shape of a joint resolu-
tion, but I have been unable to get it considered:
and during that time, I th'iik 1 may venture to
say that a majority of the gentlemen who are at
the head of committees have spoken to me repeat-
edly, asking why.tlie subject was not called up. 1
understand that theieaie many committee-rooms
winch aio not fuimsned, or m which the furni-
ture, at least, is not suitable to the rooms. 1 cer- ,
tamiy have noanxiety m seierence to the matter; I
foi the committoerof which 1 have the honor to |
be chairman as yet have no room m the new wing !
of the'Capitoi. The special committee who had ;
that matter in charge ;*ssigned a small room to the !
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds; but ,
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
felt that it was a necessary appendage to the room
assigned to him, and we yielded it to him. As
chairman of the committee, I have done nothing
more than my duty in offering the amendment,
and Senators have now an opportunity of saying
whether they need furniture in their committee-
rooms or not. If they need it, under thiramend-
ment the superintendent in charge of this building
will advertise and receive sealed proposals for
furnishing such furniture as the gentlemen who
compose the committees here say they need. It
is wholly immaterial to me whether the Senate
adopt the amendment or not.
Mr. MASON". I ought to have added one word
to what I said before. I do require some addi-
tional furniture in the room of the committee of
which I am a member, and I propose to have it
made. I want some very plain pine shelves to
put books on, and I want nothing more. The
furniture in thatcommittee room was broughtfrom
the committee room in the old Capitol; it is in
good order; there is no part of it broken, nothing
dilapidated, and I want no other furniture, l
think it will be in very bad taste to put this addi-
tional burden on the Treasury, to accommodate
the furniture in the committee-rooms to the gew-
gaw gorgeous taste of this new building.
Mr. BROWN. 1 must confess myself some-
what amazed at the position of the Senator from
Virginia. We have built a magnificent wing to
the Capitol for the accommodation of the- Senate.
I have always understood the Senator from Vir-
ginia to be in favor of this Capitol extension, and
upon its present scale of magnificence; but now
at the winding up, when the house is built, he is
for stopping and refusing to furnish it,
Mr. MASON. I was in favor of the Capitol
extension, because I believed we wanted more
space, and for no other reason in the world, and
I am in favor of getting furniture if any gentle-
man will say that the furniture, from his former
committee-room is not enough, not in quality,
but in quantity, for his present use.
Mr. EROWN. 1 hold that the furniture of a
committee-room ought to bear some relation to
the room itself. I heaid the Senator say, and I
heard it with some surprise, that he wanted some
plain pine shelves in his committee-room. That
suggests to me the idea of a plain log cabin. If
we held our councils in buildings of that sort, I
should be content with that kind of furniture;
but it seems to me to be altogether out of place
that wc should erect a building like this, at a cost
of millions, and then, all of a sudden, talk about
economy and refuse to furnish the committee
rooms and legislative chambers in a style com-
mensurate with the dignity, magnificence, and
grandeur of the building. Possibly you may never
have had use for these committee-rooms, but you
thought you had. You may have had no use for
tSiisChamber. 1 hardly think ynu had; but still
Congress decided otherwise. You have put up
the building Jand this is not the point at which
to stop: for you must go on and furnish your
building in the style in which you have crected
it. 1 never had any respect for a private gentle-
man who built a fine house and then did not car-
pet ins floor, or furnish it in the style in which
he had built it. It always occuircd to me that he
did not know exactly what he was driving at; that
he wanted to do the thing on a big scale, and that
his magnificence give out before lie got through.
You have builtafine Capitol, and 1 think you will
be very much in fault ii you do not furnish it in
the style in which you have built it. I am very
sorry to dissent from the Senator from Virginia,
because Virginians know very much better than
Mississippiana what fine furniture is. The old
" mother of States and statesmen1' ought to know
what is right, and ought to do what is right. Ot
all Senators on this floor, I should have expected
this objection to come last from ihe Senator from
Virginia. Wc are accustomed to associate the
name of Virginia with those old family mansions
furnished m the style which belongs to her. Would
the Senator from Vngima build himself a mag-
nificent* residence, and refuse to carpet the floors,
refuse to put up mirrors, make himself magnifi-
cent parlors and chambers, and then say, "I will
put up pme shelves ail around here; I will have
no mahogany tables; I will have no cushioned
chairs; 1 will have plain pine tables; and 1 will
have thiee legged stools?" I am sure the Senator
