1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
Lieutenant T. A. M. Craven, of the Navy, pray-
ing additional compensation for his services while
in command of the exofidition to make an explo-
ration and verifkatiorijp the* surveys for a ship
canal to connect the waters of the Atlantic and
Pacific by the Atrato and Truando livers; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial of citizens of
Mobile, Alabama, praying the removal of the
Choctaw and Dog river bars; whiclrwas referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Philadelphia, praying that the pay of the
officers of the Navy may be increased; which was
referred to the Committee on Natftil Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of the
Alexandria, Loudoun, and Hampshire Railroad
Company, praying authority to extend a branch
of their road into Georgetown, District of Colum-
bia; which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of the admin-
istrator of John Denman and George Townley,
praying for the liquidation and settlement of a
certificate given to said Denman and Townley by
a commissary, in the Revolution, for cattle fur-
nished for the army; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CHESNUT, it was
Ordered, That theheirs ofJohn B. DeTreviIlehaveleave
to withdraw their pennon and papers.
On motion of Mr. HAMMOND, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Chailes ?Bicnan, John
MeCuiiy,and the administrator of Francis Mct'uUy, on the
files of the Senate, be lelencd to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FITCH. I ask leave to withdraw the res-
olutions of the General Assembly of Indiana, of
1842, asking the passage of a law to authorize |
the inhabitants of reserved townships in that
State to enter a section of land for the use of
schools, with the view to have them referred to
the Committee on Public Lands of the House of
Representatives.
It was so ordered.
REPORTS'OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of -George Robbms, a soldier in the
war with Mexico, praying a pension on account
of a disease contracted in the service, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 520) for
the relief of George Robbins. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr.TVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom were referred the resolutions of the Le-
gislature of California, relative to the payment of
the bonds of the State, issued for paying the ex-
penses of the suppression of Indian hostilities,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Francis Auttmann,
praying the return of tonnage and light duties
illegally exacted and paid by him on Peruvian,
Danish, and German vessels, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Commerce; which
was agreed to.
Mr.1 HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
6f)4) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 18G0,
reported it with amendments.
bills introduced.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous eon-
gent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 72) roneermng the conveyance of the
mails between New York and Liverpool, and be-
tween New York, by the way of Southampton,
and Havre and Bremen; which was read twice by
its title,and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, usl;ed, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 521) to provide compensation to cer-
tain .persons who have acted as pension agents;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
REMODELING THE SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. HALE. A few days ago I submitted a
resolution of inquiry, simply, to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds to know if
some improvement cannot be made in this Hall.
Since then, there has been another defect devel-
oped, and that is, if there is a shower it beats
upon the roof so that we cannot hear. That is
the case at this moment- I think it is the most
unhealthy, uncomfortable, ill-contrived place I
was ever in in my life; and my health is suffer-
ing daily from the atmosphere. I move to take
up that resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was adopted as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be instructed to inquire intotlie piaoticabihtyand
propriety of reconstructing and remodeling the interior of
the northern portion of the Capitol extension in such man-
ner that the Senate Chamber may extend to the wall of the
building on the end and one or both sides, so as to have the
advantage of \~Vmdowa and fresh air.
RETRENCHMENT AND REFORM. ,
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the following resolutions; which
were considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he directed to in-
foim the Senate whether such a system might not be adopted
for the selection of new nnhtaty posts, and for the saio of
those which,from time to tune, become useless for miiitaiy
purposes, as to lurmsh the ineaus for providing bariaeUs and
quaiters foi the Army.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
infoim the Senate, whether, m lus opinion, it would be
exped'cnt totmn^fer thf revenue cutter service from the
Treasury to the Navy Department, and m what manner
that tiansfei can be made to as to peilorm most effectually
the seivice requnedot it, and to contribute at the same tune
to our coast defense.
Rewired. That the Secretary of War he directed to inform
the Senate whether the United Stares Army might norhc
so posted within the line of settlement as to diminish laigely
the coct of transportation and subsistence, and at the same
time peilonn whatever seivice mi slit he necessary in sup-
pie«smg Indian outbreaks and disturbances.
Reiolred, That the Secrouuy of Wai be directed to in-
foim the Senate whether the number of supeimtendents,
agents, and sub .agents, of the Indian service, could he di-
inim>lied, and to what extent, if the Indian affairs should
be transferred from the Department of the Interior to that
of War.
THOMAS LAURENT.
Mr. SHIELDS. If there be no further morn-
ing business, I ask the consent of the Senate to
take up a biil which I proposed to take up yes-
terday. 1 believe it was called up, and is still
pending. It is the bill (S. No. 334) for the relief
of Thomas Laurent, surviving partner of tliefnm
of Benjamin and Thomas Laurent.
Mr.'lIAMLIN. This is private bill day; and
I think we had better proceed with the bills in
their order on the Calendar. I suppose this ease
has merit; but 1 may as,k the Senate to take up the
bill No. 335 next, and somebody may ask the Sen-
ate to take up the bill No. 336. 1 know of no
particular reason why this bill should be taken
up out of its order. Let us go on with the Cal-
endar in ord'T.
Mr. SHIELDS. I dislike very much to con-
sume a day that has been set apart for priva'e
business by giung reasons why this case should
be taken up. I eailcd it up on a former occasion,
but objection was made, and it was permuted to
remain. I think lean satisfy the honorable Sen-
ator that "it is one of those eases that appeal to
the justice of Congress. If he knew the nature
of it as I do, he would not interpose the slightest
objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
it proposes to require the Secretary of War to
pay to Thomas Laurent, surviving partner of the
firm of Benjamin and Thomas Laurent, or to his
legal representatives, the sum of $15,000, being
the amount paid by that firm to Major General
Winficld Scott, in the city of Mexico, for the
purchase of a house ill that city, out of the pos-
session of which they were since ousted by the
Mexican authorities.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to hear the report
in that case read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. CLAY. It appears to me from the read-
ing of that report that this is properly a case for
the Court of Claims, and 1 do not see why it has
not been Teforred to that court. It seems to me
it ought to go there; and,if in ordgr,I move that
it be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state to my honorable
friend from Alabama, the view X take of the case.
Where there is no dispute about the facts; where
all is as clear as any court by any investigation
can make it, then i't is not necessary to refer it to
that tribunal. I do not like, as this day is appro-
priated to private business, to consume the time
of the Senate. I will state, however, a few facts
which I think will satisfy the honorable Senator
and others who may have a doubt about this
claim.
It is a case that has .been'examined by tlie Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, as the report shows,
with which I had no connection until I came into
the Senate this time and read the papers. Benja-
min Laurentand Thomas Laurent were two Eng-
lishmen, residents in the city of Mexico. They
were doing a mercantile business in that city for
twenty-four years previous to the entry of the
American army into that capital. During our
war with Mexico, the Mexican Government is-
sued a decree to confiscate all the church property
of the Republic: they occupied a house that was
the property of the church—a convent. The com-
missioner of the Government called upon them
and told them that they would be ousted from the
house if they did not purchase it at the appraised
rate and retain it for business. They did so, and
agreed to pay §25,000 for the house. Before,
however, the deed from the Governmentwas ex-
ecuted, before the Government conveyed the
property to these parties, Santa Anna returned to
Mexico, assumed the chief pow<* in the Gov-
ernment, had anew decree published, abrogating
the former decree, and preserving the church
property from confiscation^aJid sale. Thus, they
had entered into an agreement to purchase this
house for §25,000, but had not yet paid the money
on it; and subsequent to that the decree was abro-
gated, and the property reverted to the church;
and therefore their money was not paid to the
Mexican Government.
Thus stood affairs when the American army
entered the City of Mexico. General Scott issued
a decree, as his letter before me shows, confiscat-
ing all the moneys of the Mexican Government
for the use of the American army. Believing that
these parties owed $25,000 to the Mexican Gov-
ernment in accordance with this sale, not having
time to investigate the subject, he compelled them
to pay the money to him; and as they were to pay
part of the $25,000 in Mexican bonds, he esti-
mated that the whole amount was equivalent to
$15,000 in cash down; and ho competed them to
pay him $15,000 cash, and he put them in posses-
sion of this house, promising that he would make
the sale good. The moment the American army
left the City of Mexico they were thrust out of
the house; their business destroyed; they were
chargcd with having paid $15,000 to the Ameri-
cans; they were subjected to the enmity of the
Mexican Government for that; and their business
was broken up. One of the brothers came to this
city and applied to Congress for redress; he re-
mained here and died in this city fiom the disap-
pointment arising from his treatment in Mexico,
and in this country in not receiving his pay. The
other brother is here now.
As the letters, which I hold in my hand, of
General Scott, shows, he seized the $15,000 as
prize of war, as the property of the Mexican
Government, when it was, as the proof shows,
really the property of these individuals,, for they
had not received the house for which "ley were
! to pay the Mexican Government. He put them
in possession of the house,-and a Mexican notary
gave a deed, as appears in the papers, giving them
what he supposed to bo a title, 'ihe Mexican
Government, when the American army left the
city, treated that as null and void, as the act of a
conqueror, turned them out of the house, and
thus they lost their property and lost their money;
! their business has been destroyed in Mexico,arid
1 they have been forced to leave that country, and
j now they come here for this amount.
Mr. HUNTER. At the hour of one o'clock,
private hills will be in order. I move to Uiy this
bill on the table for the present. I want to report
