1590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Indiana, to strike out "superintendent of the Cap-
itol extension," and insert "Secretary of the
Senate."
Mr. IVERSON. l£ is getting pretty late, and
I am getting very sleepy; and I rise to give notice
—this is a very good time to do it—that I shall
insist, for the remainder of the sitting;, on the ex-
ecution of the 4th rule of the Senate—that.no Sen-
ator shall speak more than twice on any subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not be-
lieve I am excluded under that rule.
Mr. 1VERSON. N,o.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I merely rise
to ask the Senator who reported this amendment,
what sum is estimated for the furnishing of these
committee-rooms ?
Mr. BRIGHT. I stated that we had no cor-
rect data on which we could rely. That matter
was spoken of m committee, and less than fifty
'housand dollars, it was believed, would be insuf-
ficient.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Does the Sen-
ator think U will take less than one hundred thou-
sand dollars, if this amendment be carried out?
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 have really no means of
knowing. I have no idea that more furniture will
be ordered than is necessary. The amendment
is well guarded. The furniture is to he furnished
by the lowest bidder, which, I think, will obviate
any fear the Senator might have
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If I under-
stand thisamendment, I understand it very differ-
ently from the gentleman's speech. His speech
comes up to my idea of requiring the selection of
this furniture to be placed in the charge of some-
body who will cunault the taste of the commit-
tees. It seems to me that ought to be done. Let
who will supply the rooms with furniture, the
committees ought to be consulted as to the char-
actor and quality ofit. His explanation, it seems
to me, contemplates one thing, while the amend-
ment contemplates another. The amendment
seems to make it the duty of the superintendent
to examine the rooms, make outa general design,
and have furniture made according to the plan
that he may lay down, without consulting the
committees at all. lie may, or may not, consult
the committors, at hia discretion. He is to make
out his plan, prescribe the quantity and kind and
quality of the furniture; and it is to be paid for,
let it cost what it may.
There is one other suggestion that comes tip in
my mind, and there seems to me to be a contra-
diction so far as the Senator from Mississippi is
concerned. In his first remarks 1 understood him
as stating that the committees were not compe-
tent to select furniture suitable for their rooms,
and that that was atmbutablc to their being defi-
cient m taste.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not arraign their taste gen-
erally. I took yourself and the Senator from
Virginia as examples of men whom I would not
take to select furniture for me.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 was not the
person to sclect it, and the gentleman could not
have selected me. 1 have made no such propo-
sition, and intimated no such desire.
Mr. DAVIS. I was answering your remarks.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, The commit-
tee to which I belong have no loom in which to
sit, and of course need no furniture; but the gen-
tleman assumes as an argument, wh y my amend-
ment should not be made, as 1 understand him,
that the committees are not competent to select
furniture suitable to their rooms on account of
their being deficient in taste.
Mr. DAVIS, ^did not say that, and 1 have
just told you what 1 did say.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think that
is about the substance. I have no disposition to
misrepresent. Then, in his last speech, the Sen-
ator rather concludes the committees might be
competent, and this seems to me to be a contra-
diction.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say any such thing.
Mf. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish we had
down what the Senator from Mississippi did say.
Alt. DAVIS. I suppose you might have heard
what I said, sir.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I thought I
did hear it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I call the Senators to or-
der. This conversation between Senators is out
of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee will proceed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understood
the Senator from Mississippi to assume, m the
first place, that the committees were incompetent
in consequence of their deficiency in taste to select
furniture suitable to the committee-rooms.
Mr. DAVIS. My language did not justify you
in any such understanding.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Well, what
did the Senator say? I will stand corrected.
Mr. DAVIS. I have told you once.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. What did the
Senator say? I ask him again.
Mr. DAVIS. I told you once that I said, from
your remarks and those of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, I was confirmed in the propriety of a prop-
osition which had selected a particular person to
choose this furniture, and not to refer it to the
committees to select what furniture they should
choose; for, from the two specimens, 1 did not
consider that furniture would be well selected in
that way. That was about the amount of it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The explana-
tion is, in substance, what I have stated. The
Senator from Mississippi predicated his argument
upon the statements made by the Senator from
Virginia and myself; and, taking us as specimens,
his conclusion was, that the committees were not
competent, from the fact of their being deficient
in taste, to select furniture suitable for their
rooms. We have concluded just where we com-
menced.
Mr. DAVIS. That is, you have concluded.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to sug-
gest to the Senator from Tennessee, for whom I
entertain very kindly respect, that he permit the
vote to be taken, and not continue this discission
on a question of taste. It is evidently putting
every one here to sleep. We have a great deal
more business to do. As he has yielded me the
floor, I appeal to him to let us have a vote. We
have now had all the learning that there is in this
body, on this side of the Chamber, from the high-
est sources; but we have not yet heard from the
other side, and I object to a contest on matters of
taste altogether upon one side in politics. There
might be something new if we could hear from the
other side; but gentlemen art* going to sleep; it
is about a quarter to one o'clock; and I hope we
may be permuted to have a vote. There are a
number of amendments yet to be acted on, and
for God's sake I hope we shall be allowed to have
a vote on this amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senator
will do me the justice to say that I lutve not con-
sumed time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Except in one
lesspect — that the Senator started the difficulty,
and it is oertainly a serious one, because it has
led to the loss of much time, and cost much money,
and wasted the spirits and strength of gentlemen
who have to sit this bill out.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. My object is
to save money.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
feels obliged to state to gentlemen that this inter-
locutory convocation is not strictly m order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have no dis-
position to consume time.
Mr. WADE. I will move an adjournment.
We aie doing nothing, and are not likely to do
anything hut talk.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the Senator
wants to act, and will vote, I shall desist from
saying anything.
{Several Senators. We want to vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ten-
nessee to the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, to strike out "superintendent of the
Capitol extension," and insert "Secretary of the
Senate."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana by adding this
proviso:
Piovuled) That the amount ^hall not exeecd $10,000.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to amend that by say-
ing, " $50,000."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana is not in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I ask the Senate to
reject the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. HALE. Is not the rule that, in taking a
vote like this, the question shall be first on the
largest sum ?
Mr. MASON. I understand that to apply only
where there is a blank, and there are various
-•propositions to fill the blank.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not regard it as applicable to the amendment
in the present form.
Mr. MASON. My object is to appropriate
money enough to furnish a deficiency in furniture
of a plain character. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken^resulted—yeas 16, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Broderick, Chandler, Ohesnut,
Crittenden, Hale, Harlan, Houston. Johnson of Tennessee,
King, Mason, Pearce, Polk, Trumoull, Wade, and Wilson
—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard,Bell,Benjamin, Bright, Brown,
Clay, Clingman, Davis, Douglas, Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Foot,
Foster, Hamlin, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas,
Kennedy, Lane, MaUory, Reid, Sebastian, Seward, Ward,
and Yulee—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. BRIGflT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
Provided, That the amount to be expended under this
section shall not exceed $50,000.
I would rather have it without limitation, if it
is the pleasure of the Senate; but if the Senate are
disposed to limit it, I propose to insert about one
half the amount that 1 think will be proper.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not in-
tend to occupy more than two minutes of the
Senate's time; but I wish to call their attention to
the provisions of this amendment. It declares:
u The superintendentof theCapitol extension be directed
to make a survey and ascertain what articles of furniture
will be needed, with the materials, designs, and dimensions
ofthc^amc; and that he be, and is hereby, authorized to
publish the proper specifications and descriptions of the ai-
licles that may be required, and invite sealed proposals, to
be made to him within thirty days fiom the date of the first
publication of the same, for the manufacture and construc-
tion of the said articles of furniture, to be opened at the ap-
pointed time, m the presence of the bidders or other per-
sons; and that a contract or contracts for such furnuuio
shall be made with the lowest and best bidder, reference
being had to the quality of the material, the superiority of
workmanship, and the tune m which the same shall be
completed."
I will not say that it'was the design of the
drawers of this proposition to open the door for
a speculation and a fraud; but, as I conceive it, it
is susceptible of a fraud and speculation being
practiced under it. For instance: it provides that
proposals shall be published and bids received
for furnishing rooms with furniture, and the
superintendent is to judge of the quality of the
furniture and the time in which it is to be deliv-
ered. It is very easy for a person wishing to
make a contract with a particular man, to select
him, and it will be in the power of the superin-
tendent to rule them down to such time that he
can practically confine the contract to the person
whom he may select and upon whom he wishes
to confer a benefit. We are toI£ by the Senator
from Indiana that he thinks $50,000 will be about
half the amount that will be necessary to fuufiish
the committee-rooms. Then, here is a door open
for obtaining furniture to the amount of $100,000,
leaving the officer to select his own man,and rule
all others out. I do not wish to be understood as
saying that this is the design of the drawers of
the amendment; but in the manner in which it is
drawn, it is susceptible of that practice being car-
ried on under it, and it may result in that.
Mr. BRIGHT. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Tennessee, that he propose an
amendment which he thinks will remedy that
difficulty.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think it could
be amended; but I have become so well satisfied
that any amendment which restrains and restricts
the expenditure of public money wiii not prevail
in this body, that I have concluded to offer no
amendment.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. It is now one o'clock.
We were here last night until two o'clock. There
must be some end to human endurance. From
the number of Senators I see prepared to take
their departure, I am satisfied that, in a few mm-
