1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
gitimate act of General Scott, upon entering the
cuy of Mexico, and displacing tne Mexican Gov-
ernment, to seize, as prize of war, all the money-
belonging and appertaining to the Mexican Gov-
ernment that he foun^in the city of Mexico?
That is correct. Thaovas a legal act under the
general laws of war.
Mr. BAYARD. I will answer the honorable
Senator. Generally, I should say, yes.
Mr. SHIELDS. Now, sir, if by accident, by
misapprehension, General Scott, in carrying out
that great act of a conqueror, happened to seize
private property from an individual, believing it
to be the property of the Mcxican Government, is
it not the duty of this Government to restore that
property to the private individual?
Mr. BAYARD. That is a more doubtful ques-
tion. J am not prepared to admit that.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator admits, as every
lawyer will, that General Scott, under the laws
of war, as the conqueror of Mexico, displacing
the Mexicem Government for the time being, had
a right to seize the public moneys of the Mexi-
can Government. He believed this was public
money. I have explained the reason why he
seized it as such. Here is his letter, which T shall
have read in a moment. He seized $15,000 of !
the money of these parties; he compelled them 1
to pay thcit amount, then placed them in posses-
sion of a house, out'of which they were turned
the moment the American army left Mexico.
The honorable Senator says that General Scott
only accounts for $7,500 to the Treasury of the
United States. Sir, that is a matter between the
Government of theUmted States and its general.
If he has taken the money, and has not accounted
for it to his own Government, is it riot a matter
between his Government and him as the officer
and agent,' and military representative of that
Government in Mexico ? Is a private individual
to be put off by saying: The general who com-
manded the American army has taken your prop-
erty-; but because he has not accounted for that
property to his own Government, you arc not to
receive payment?" Is that an answei ? Is that
the way this Government will treat a private in-
dividual who, at the time, was in the power of
our army and our commander there, and dnred
not open his mouth, but had to pay whatever
money the officer commanding said he should
pay ? Will you tell hnn that, because that officer
has not acccounted for the whole of tli.it money
to the Government, he is not to receive jt? I do
not recognize such "a doctrine as either law or
honesty. Here is General'-Scott's letter,acknowl-
edging the receipt of ^15,000. 1 will ask to have
it read, to settle thnt point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour hps ar-
rived for the consideration of the special order,
which is the Private Calendar.
Mr. SHIELDS. I behove this hill is on the
Private Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
for this hour, is the con^idcrat'on of tin* bit's on
the Private Calendar, in tie ir regular order.
Mr. STUART. I hope the order will be exe-
cuted as it was made, and that the Calendar will
be taken up regulaily.
Mr. SHIELDS, i ask the Senate to terminate
this case. I think it can he disposed of very soon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move to postpone the special order with a view
to continue the consideration of this bill?
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. On that question I shall ask
the Senate to take the yeas and nays. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the Private Calendar be postponed,
for the purpose of continuing the consideration
of Senate bill No. 334; and on that the yeas and
nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 desire to ask the Chair the
effect of this motion. The motion is to postpone
the Private Calendar, for the purpose of contin-
uing tiic debate on the bill which is now under
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the motion.
Mr. I VERSON. If that motion picvails, when
we get through with that bill, do we go back, as
a matter of course, to the Private Calendar?
The VICE PRESIDNT. The Chair then be-
gins with the Private Calendar.
Mr. IVERSON. I dislike very much to inter-
fere with the wishes of my friend from Minnesota;
butthis bill is likely to produce a good deal more
debate, and it is not fair to take up one case on the
Private Calendar in preference to another that is
before it. I think the miller's rule ought to be
applied, "first come, first served." I was willing
to let this bill be taken up before the hour of one
o'clock, but I cannot consent that it'shall go be-
yond it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I recognize the justice of that
rule, and withdraw my motion for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent it may be withdrawn, the yeas and nays
having been ordered. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. The Private Calendar will now be taken
up in its order.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BRODERICK. Mr. President, I rise to
a personal question. Some throe or four days
ago, an article appeared in the New York Tmb-
une,m which words wore put into my mouth tnat
I never uttered. When I first saw the article, I
consulted several Senators in regard to it. Some
advised that I should call the attention of the
Senate to it; others advised that I had better see
the writer of the article, and request him to con-
tradict it. The Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] and'the Senator fiom Alabama, [Mr. Fitz-
PATRicK,] advised me to see the party, and
induce him to contradict the article. I called on
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
and asked him if he knew the author, to request
him to contradict it. The person, I believe, in-
formed the Senator from Massachusetts, that he
would do so yesterday; but on examining the
Tribune of yesterday^ 1 find no contradiction of
it. The statement was false m every particu-
lar. I never utiered any lain;uni;e of the kind. 1
call the attention of the Senate to it because it
was not contradicted iuthepaper in which it first
appeared. I dislike to pay any attention to personal
attacks; I never do so when 1 alone am attacked;
but as this communication involves a reflection
upon the Senate, 1 thought it my duty to call the
attention of the Senate to it.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from California,
on Wednesday last, called on me, and asked me
if I knew tiie correspondent of the Ti ibune. I
informed hi in who that gentleman was, and he
stated that that correspondent had done him great
injustice, and that lie thought of mentioning the
subject before the Senate, ax if pi.iced him in a
false position I saw Mr. Carter, the coriespond-
ent of the Tribune, and said to hnn that the Sen-
ator from California felt aggrieved at the remark,
and entirely disavowed having used such lan-
guage as was attributed to him. He stud In; made
the statement on current lumor, but that, as the
Senator from California disavowed it, he would,
with the greatest pleasure, make the conyction;
and he left me with the impression that the eor-
icction would be made, and, as I have nor seen
him since, t do not know why it has not been
done.
JANE SMITH.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hale in
the chair.) The ihst bill on the Calendar is the
bill*(S. No. 87) fi < .m t he Court of ('hums, for the
relief of Jane Smith, of the county of Clermont
and State of Ohio.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not see the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] in his seat to-day. Thi§
is a bill to whi«'h he has objections, lie indicated
them at the last session, when it was called up,
and the bill was then postponed for his accom-
modation. it is pioper that the Senate should
be advised of the character of this bill, reported
by the committee of which I have the honor to lie
chairman, in order that they /nay decide whether
they will consider it to-day or whether they Will
postpone it. For my own part I think it would
be better to postpone it until the Senator from
Louisiana is here, to give him an opportunity to
be heard, as I know he is opposed to the bill. It
allows interest on a pension, and H is unueiftood
that if this bill is passed and the principle is set-
tled, it will involve the payment of about two
million dol.ars to satisfy interest on pensions.
The Senator from Missoun [Mr. Polk] reported
the bill, and can peihaps explain it better than I
can.
Mr. POLK. I think the Senator/rom Georgia
is under a mistake as to the character of the bill.
My recollection is that it doe's not propose to
allow interest on pensions, but it proposes to take
the time at which a party is entitled to a pension,
under a specific act, back to a period anterior to
the passage of the act. The question is upon the
construction of the act of Congress that gives a
pension to widows of revolutionary soldiers who
were married after 1800. I think the Senator froro
Georgia is mistaken about the character of the
bill.
Mr. IVERSON. It is so long since I hsve
looked into the case that I have not a very dis-
tinct recollection of the principles and results in-
volved m it; but I recollect distinctly that the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, when the bill was called up
at the last session, remarked that it involved the
expenditure of about two million dollars, and that
it ought to be well considered by the Senate be-
fore it was passed. I think it will be safer and
better to let the bill lie over for the present until
the next private bill day. In the mean time, I will
speak with the Senator from Louisiana on the sub-
ject. I move to postpone the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
LUCINDA ROBINSON.
The next was the bill (S. No. 88) from the Court
of Claims for the relief of Lucinda Robinson, of
the county of Orleans, State of Vermont.
Mr. POLK. That is a bill of the same charac-
ter.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that it be postponed
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL HOLGATE.
Ti e Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 89) from the Com t of Claims for the
relh f of George Ashley, administrator de bonis «<m
of Samuel Holgate, deceased, the question being
upon its passage.
It provides for the payment of $996 01, being
in full for certain planks a^d boards and other
property of Samuel Holgate, deceased, seized by
Commodore McDonough, on Lake Champlain,
in the year 1814.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to have the report
read.
Mr. WADE. I will state that this is a decision
of the Court of Ciaims.
Mr. CLAY. They sometimes decide wrong.
■ Mr. WADE. The Committee on Claims also
sanction it.
The Secretary read the decision Of the Court
of Claims. *
The bill was passed.
CREEK DEPREDATIONS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. :2G) to provide for the examination and pay-
ment of certain claims of citizens of Georgia and
Alabama, on account of losses sustained by dep-
redation's of the Creek Indians.
Mr. CLAY. I ask that that be postponed for
the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be passed
over informally.
NAHUM WARD.
The next was the bill (S. No. 93) from the
Com t of Chums, for the relief of Nahum Ward.
Mr. POLiv. There is an adverse report there;
and when we were calling the docket l'or the pur-
pose of disposing of cases m which adverse re-
ports had been made, tins was a'lowed to stand
on the Calendar at my request, the Senator from
Ohio [Mi. Peon] not being in his s<" at; but I sup-
pose that we may as well di.-noseof it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on concurring m the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. STUART. I think the question should be
on the indefinite postponement of the bill.
The PltES!D! NGt'OFFJCElt. The Chair will
put tiie question in that form.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
MOSES NOBLE.
The bill (TJ. Mo. 109) from the Court of Ciaims,
for the relief of Moses A'obl", w;is read the second
time and considered as 1:1 Committee of' the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Moses I'\ob!e, agent for the brig
Good Hope, and the schooners Delta, Jasper,
