510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Sardine, Five Sisters, Commonwealth, and Two
Brotheis, for t(ie benefit of the persons entitled
thereto, the sum of $3,704 68, being for fishing
bounties to which those vessels became entitled
in the fishing season of 1852.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NATHAN WEEKS.
The bill (S. No. 113) for the relief of the heirs
of Lieutenant Nathan Weeks, deceased, was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. .
Under its provisions the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury will be directed to pay to the
lineal descendants of Nathan Weeks, deceased,
who was a lieutenant in the Rhode Island regi-
ment, commanded by Colonel Angell, on the
Continental establishment, during the war of the
Revolution, and who was killed in the battle of
Monmouth, New Jersey, on the 28th of June,
1778, the seven years' half pay of a lieutenant of
infantry, amounting to $1,119 72-
Mr. CLAY. Read the report in that case.
The Secretary read the report of the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims, from which it ap-
peared that it was satisfactorily proved that
Nathan Weeks was a lieutenant in Colonel Israel
Angeil's regiment, of the Rhode Island line, in
the'Continental army, and that he was killed in
the battle of Monmouth, in New Jcisey, in 1778,
leaviu" only one son, John Weeks, then a minor.
It anpears from the public documents that he re-
ceived a bounty land warrant; but there is no evi-
dence that the minor ever received the seven
yenis' half pay of his father, under the resolution
of August, 17d0. indeed, the proof to the con-
trai y is satisfactory. The petitioners also ask the
payment of a sum of money which they allege
was due to him at the time of his death. The
revolutionary recoida here afford 110 evidence of
tins. It is stated m#a certificate of the Secretary
of {State of Rhode Island that, m the iceords of
his otlice, there appeal's to be entered opposite to
his in!me the liaures.£3(> 10$.; but by whom made
does not appear. The committee do not consider
th'H as sullicient evidence of a debt, but are well
satisfied tliat the petitioner are entitled to the
Steven years' half pay of a heutenantof infantry,
and repoita bill for its allowance.
The bill was lepoited to the Senate, ordered to
he engrossed for a third reading, lead, the thud
Unit1, and pttvsed.
JAMES BISlL.
The bill (S. No. R'o) for the relief of the legal
leptef.entative.s of James IJeii, deceased, was read
the second time, and considered as m Committee
oi the Whole.
Jr piuvid v5 for th'' payment to William Came-
ron. adinnmUiator 10 the e-aate of James Dell,
Iji111 of ChamIdy, in i he p  o\ nice of Lower Can-
ada, deceased, ior the use and benefit of ins heirs
ami le^al repie.sejita'jve:;, and to such other pei-
soi.; as may show themselves legally entitled
thrneM, the sum ot :il, being the balance of
pmii'ipo! found due1 to toe representatives ot Bell
upon i iie si it lenient ot their accounts at the Tieas-
uiy, umh:r an act entitled '■ An act for the relief
ot the hens of Jar.u.s Hell) deceased," appioved
the IjOtJi day of June, 163-1, with interest on that
balance ot [<iinotpril tiom the 30th of June, 1834,
tid paid; and the further sum of $14,536 20, ho-
j ,i; the amount of intetest acuued on the punci-
pn! sit 't of 0.'>( 1 3 1, t torn the ~3d of April, 1191,
u:! ihe 3l1' ti ot J une, 183 1.
M.\ Vv rUGHT. 1 ask for the reading of the
. p> tii.it cas e.
■ .Sedeiary lead the leport, as follows:
Few oases brought to the attention of the committee have
commended themselves to their sense of justice moie
strongly than lias. On the faith of a proclamation issued
by Washington himself, and addressed to the people of Can-
ada, at the time of as invasion by Genera! Mont«romeiy,
Mr. Bell not only furnished the troops with supplies ot
arms, provisions-, clothing, munitions of war, timber, and
cordage, for the construction of a flotilla, but joined the <
® '  .1 1 ~ -I * U Art 1?r\t * m lihr fit
with the Senator from Maine, that interest should
be allowed by the Government where they refuse
or neglect to pay a claim,and it is properly pros-
ecuted, in the sarae v.-ay that it should be allowed
by an individual. 1 think the rule of the Depart-
ments, or the rule of the Government, refusiiig in-
terest in such cases, is entirely wrong. I also
thread o"a company of'volmtterL^^ed i think that it is never too late to' begin to do right;
at his own expense. The foil was captured, ami Mr. Ucll ;| ana if we have be<
report
Ti
'i'he <' -'mili'! "i: H vohiho.ur'Chum •. to whom was
icieirc'i iiiij ni''i:«>e wii <>' ?')•• It".' i! i>'[i.e>L'Utiiiive>-. ot Jaiuc-s
i>. 11, he<> x)t Cn.e>e>!, . i.i the |.u>vni. o oi i,ov.er Canada,
(i< re. - • t in 4 ^ ave .< P'-!t
'i t tucv h:<\ ' d. w itii -aoat diligence -md c.tte.
tin* <i ii u ,H Iit.-.l l/v fie im mo-ntlM- ni then petition
ilit'l int.' dv.esipe'lil -. .led hud that It iu-t, .md
SU; I < -11 ul I j \ :-j i u-.u V p : - 'i'j.l- < if. Ml H L, OM^llt fO
ihe :  .i -ii i 'oniric*-. -i~ eai ]\ t-C'J J. ^ i:e.i «t i x Lie
IN uuarv.j ? Uuiiisliod to '' i.ii,. - - !'.* ih>- <■ e:n r"
^'m.o i: v.a-, n,eiu:d. ^c.Vi evntn' ;i i.uoiahie jejuni
v. a - iti t.le e> i. on«io-- on the* < a*e iiv Alhei t <J.u!a'ri. iaeu
Ht s «'n lln . 11o:;i tiji- p< - hm! tuui! 1)k <! Ml
oi Mi iji !i, l i Pi I-1,1 h>> r t i;i w,i-x I'ou-ta'i'i. Pt o^.'euted :
but a't'-rl.!? death it wax negi.-etcd by h.- eluid'^n, unnl
thej l-MHied tnat the statute oi lunuation emet- d by Con-
grc-c wa? no linger rigidly unlbrct'd, wiiyn t'"'y a'i.r.n
urougiu it foiwa^d ui the shape of a memorial to Con^te^:.
was wounded ; but hu enthusiasm in the cause of liberty
did not abate. His ample means were all at the disposal of
the American army, and were contributed treeiy to insiue
the success of the expedition under the orders ol Mont-
gomery. After the fall of that gallant leader under the walls
of Quebec, and the retreat of the aimy, Mr. Boll was taken
prisoner, and would have been executed as u traitoi but for
the influence of certain powerful fuends in Scotland, which
was successfully exerted with the British geneial m his be-
half. Through their instrumentality he was released, but
his fttttune was gone, and the lemamder of his hie was
passed in seeking the payment of his claim against the Gov-
ernment. In 1814 he died m poverty, leaving his claim as
a legacy to his children, who have been pursuing it for the
last auniter of a century. .
j #1834, an act was passed by Congress for the relief of
Mr. Bell's heirs. This act directed the accounting officers
ot the Treasury to settle the several accounts of James Bell
on equitable principles, for moneys advanced, services ren-
dered, and for stores, mateuals, and supplies furnished,
&c., with a proviso, however, inserted by the Senate, that
the sum allowed should not exceed ©3.727 03. In pursu-
ance of this act, the account was settled, and found to
amount to $37,147 54, which was made up of $6.ur>6 34 !
principal, and §21,091 -30 interest. There wan thus K ft due ;
to the heirs a balance of §'3-29 31 principal, and §21,091 20 ]
interest. . j
That the claim was one on which interest was legiti- J
nidteJy due, a reference to its character very clearly makes j
manliest. In almost all ea^es ot like chaiacter mieie^t lias j
been paid by Con^res'?. Hut should puncipal and mleie^t <
both be paid, the committee doubt very much whethei the j
memoiiahsts will even then receive a sum equal to that '
which their ancestor expended in the lii^t place. Your j
committee, however, do not feel authoiized, tn the compu- ]
tation of mteiest, to go fuither back than 1/91. (eighteen (
years after the supplies were furnished and seiviee^ len-
dered.) Horn the tact that they have no evidence beioie
them that the claim was ever presented for puviuent until
that time. This will reduce the inteie-«t, as above stated,
about one thud. In the course of Mr. Bell's long imprison-
ment, and the compulsion he was under to keep his vouch-
eis out of the siplit of the enemy, by whom thev would ,
iiave heen used as evidence against lum, manv of them, ;
aec'oidin" to the proof b.etoie the committee, weie Ion or ]
destro\ed. It is thereioie believed that a large portion of ]
the <>i igmal claim remains unsubstantiated, in cniwoquence '
, of the loss and desttuctiou of the vouehcis. For tin-? tea- |
! son. among>t otheis, the eoninuitee aie of opinion that the
$300 31. with intetest thereon fioin the time of the former j
t-uiilemunt, toirethcr with the balance of interest then re- .
mainiug un|iaid, aio lustly due the memorialists. Thcv. j
theirlorc, repoit a bill in conformity with tins view of the |
ca-e, and annex t(j tlKir leport the icpoits of seveial eom- ,
uuUees. both of the Senate and House. I
Mr. FE8SENDEN. I move to strike out the
last section, providing for interest. I do not know :
but that it would be rightcnough on general prm- |
ciples to allow interest in this case, but interest
was stricken out of Ilolgato's bill, and I do not |
see any reason why it should be given under the ,
circumstane.es here, any more than there. 1
Mr. DU11KEE. This claim is for supplies and :
munitions of war, furnished during the Itevolu- ■
tion.
Mr. FE8SENDEN. I have only to say, that
in the ease of Llol^ate, thtx^ha-S just passed, which
was investigated by the Court of Claims, whcie
the claim was followed up for years, precisely m
the same way that this has been, and whore the
property was taken out of the parties' lmndsario-
iently, and disposed of by the Government, the
, Couit of Claims refused to allow interest. I see
1 no sort of distinction why interest should be
^ given m this case and not in that, both being
! fust claims against the Government. As interest
by the practice of the Government, has not bjjen
; allowed in the one case, I say it shou'd not he in
| the other. 1 confess, that I do not think the rule
i of the Government in reference to interest is a
j jusi one. I think that the Government should be
j subjected to precisely the same rules that indi-
: viduals are, in regard to the payment of interest.
!, 1 see no reason why the people of the United
States, who are so abundantly able to pay their
just debts, should not pay interest in cases where
'individuals would be hound to pay it; but never-
theless, the decision is otlvrwi.^", and the prac-
tice hah been ot'irwi.se, and it ih not just to make
distinctions 'iciWi en eases. Mr. Bed has been
d'-.sd a long tune; he is pa*.t all hope of receiving
any • n^iit here, and I p: esuine the irrent amount
of this mutter v/di 'i,o to ane'us, <ts in nin 1 cases
out of ten. I am inclined to think theie will be
no injustice done in sinking out tlie nuerest.
Mr. CLARK. [ agree, Mr. President, entirely
en wrong heretofore, the sooner
we set ourselves right the better; and we cannot
do it on any better closs of claims than on those
which relate to the Revolution. Where a man
in the early history of the Government, in the
early struggles of the Republic, when the Gov-
ernment was poor, rendered his services, or fur-
nished supplies, or furnished his money, and has
been continually presenting his claim, and is now
to be paid, it seems to me we should «ive him
some just measure of interest. I hope the clause
will not be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is of course a matter
of indifference to me. I entertain the same opin-
ion with the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire; but the practice ought to be unifotin, one
way or the other. If we can begin with a new
precedent that we will pay interest in all cases
upon claims from the time they were presented to
Congress, I have no objection; we are able to do
it; but I should think we had better go back and
reconsider the vote passing Mr. Holgate's bill
just now, and put inteiest into that in the same
way; and so with many others that pass here
every session. With reference to old claims suetr*
as this—I cannot say how it is with regard to this
individual claim—my experience and observation _
here have convinced me that the injustice that will
be done by refusing interest is merely nominal. I
do not think much of the money paid by the Gov-
ernment ever goes to the claimant. Ninett en cases
out of twenty probably of this description, al-
though justly due in point of fact, are hunu d up
and prosecuted for the benefit of the agents of
claims, and, therefore, I do not feel teat by re-
fusing to pay interest there is a great deal of ac-
tual injury done; though I believe it is a s-uiud
principle of ^usiice. Having said this, i shall
make no further objection to it except simply to
say that I shall vote to strike out the interest.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from Maine has
anticipated me in some of the objections that I
intended to raise to this bill. In respect to inter-
est, as he very properly says, inteiest never luns
against the Government; and I believe that is a
rule with all Governments. In ours, if we were
to undertake to liquidate all the interest, that had
accrued on the claims which have been recog-
nized by the Government, the Treasury would
be exhausted m a short time; indeed, we could
I not raise the money to meet the demands wmch
I would be made against the Government. A claim
; which certainly is far better than this, has just
I been passed by the Senate, disallow <ng mteiest.
! The Court of Claims disallowed it on argument
; bcfoic that coutt, and the h'euate confirmed that
| decision by iu action to-d:<y. Eat tins cat-e is
not only obnoxious to the object1...n that the in-
terest exceeds fen times, at least, tlie emount of
the principal claimed, for she ^e.iut" certainly
have not looked a:, the bd!: I am sure they have
not heard the readme <d i. properly—but it is ob-
noxious to another objection, which I will sug-
gest dn ectlv.
But i will call the attention of the Senate to the
fact, that ihe emount or balance of principal found
due to the icpu.vaiL't.ves of fk1', on ihe cattle?
ment of their a'-coont-' ai thrt Treasury under the
act " for the relief of th : heirs of James i>eil, de-
ceased," approved 30th of June, 1834, was but
$329 31. Then the bill goes on to say:
'• With mt! te-t on fh" r ml balance of pi.neipal liom ihe
: i'i d iv ol June. 1JJ-1, tel paul, and no luubei sum oi
.•>11.:.::;, o:>, bfimx th  ."mount "! mteie-t accnied <"* me
piiiiCitMI d< I 1 ot li-l. leim the OUd da\ oi Apui, la 4,
till the 3!kh day ot June, IbOi."
There is a balance of $329 of principal found
to be due at th- Treasury m 1$31, under the act
for the relief of these heirs, and then here is in-
terest claiavd on that balance from that day until
the present time, ond the further sum of ^,14,535 20
interest on $6,056 34 from 1791 to 1^4.
'jbieiv is annth-'v tluuir ty which I wish to call
th. attention of the Senate, a, d fiat ;s that this
bih manifestly on its \ ace > i not for the relief of the
heirs ol" James B*dl. That is a mtue pretext; it is
