1592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Hopkins, Ritchie, and Davis
of Maryland, managers of the conference on the
part of the House.
BUSINESS BEFORE COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolution,
for the purpose of facilitating business:
flcsolved, That the several committees have leave to file
their respective reports; and that the same shall be printed
When desired.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. GARNETT. I demand the regular order
of business.
, ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House proceeded to the regular order of
business, being the consideration of the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill making appropria-
tions for tho support of the Army for'the year
ending the 30th of June, I860, reported last even-
ing from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and on which the main ques-
tion had been ordered.
First amendment of the Senate:
In line twenty-three, strike out £' seventy," and insert
u sixty," so that the clause will read:
For aubMstence in kind, $1,969,.'>40.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Strike out, in the4following:, all ntlor the word "no,"
down to the words, '* approved by a special appropriation,"
&c.: "Provided, That no portion of the money hereby ap-
propriated .shaN be. applied to the construction of permanent
barracks and quarters, until plan^, with full Hpecifications
and detailed (inmates, shall be Mibmitted to Congress, and
the fame t-hall be appioved^ by a special appropriation lor
the same ami insert in hen thereof the following :
Permanent barrack* and quarteiH shall hereafter be con-
structed, unless detailed estimates shall have been previ-
ously submitted to Congress, and shall have been.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Strike out the following :
" Thatan> oilieri of the Army who, ai a di^bui sing agent,
shall'heitiaUci undertake to rng.ige the public eiedit hi ad-
vance of an nppropiiatiou ma.le by Oongieis, shall, upon
conviction before a couu martial, bo dismissed fioni*tho
service, unless he '•hall exhibit, ixs hisjusiification, an order
in writing to make such disbursement fiom his superior
officer, approved by the Piesident of the United States."
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
hi the following strike outv<§l.">0,000:" il For armament
of foruneations^lolKOOlV'and martin heu thereof, "in-
cluding experiment* on heayy oidnancc for that pmpoae,
$350,000."
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a non-con-
currence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Increase tin: appropriation in the following to $lJ50,000 :
" For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies, including
horse equipments lor the mounted leguncnu, $150,000."
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a non-con-
currence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Add the following paragraph :
" One hundred thousand dollars of which may be used
during the present fiscal year."
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a non-con-
currence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Increase the appropriation m the following from $50,000
to $-100,000 •
'• For the Benicia arsenal, $50,000."
The SPEAKER. TheCommitree of the Whole
on the statu of the Union recommend a non-con-
currence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Increase the appropriation in the following to $21,000:
"ForTexas arsenal,§15,000."
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a non-con-
currence.
The amendment .was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Add to the following paragraph :
"For Watervhetarsenal, $25,000," these words:
A part of which sum may be applied to the purchase of
a piece of ground adjoining the arsenal on the south side,
east of the fine canal.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union recommend a
non-concurrence.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
eighty-six, noes not counted.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Add:
For defraying the expenses of the recovery and the res-
toration to their homes of the children surviving the mas-
sacre by Indians of the emigrant trains from Arkansas, in
the fall ot 1857, $10,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union recommend a
concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Add:
For the payment to the State of Minnesota for expenses
incurred by Captain James Starkcy's company of Minnesota
volunteers, called out by the Governor of the Tcnitory of
Minnesota, in 1857, to protect the settlers of the valley of
Sunrise river against the Chippewa Indians, $2,630, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union recommend a
non-concurrence.
Mr. CAVANAUGH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Andrews were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 67, noes 64.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Add the following:
For the removal of the Court Orielle band of the Chip-
pewa Indians, on the Ked Cedar and Menomonee rivers,
in UVeonam, and providing a permanent home for them
among the Chippuwas of Lake Superior or the Upper Mis-
sissippi, $10,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Add the following:
For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Springfield armory, Massachusetts, $53,910.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Add the following:
For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Harper's F«rrv armory, $^5,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
j the Union recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
I Fifteenth amendment:
j Add tho following:
i For printing a revved edition of the system of instruc-
I turn for field artillery, horse and foot, to be stereotyped, with
i engraved plates, now ready lot the press, and for procuring
[ for distribution to the milmaof the United States, books of
j tactical instruction, $10,000. j
! The Committee of the Whole on the state of
; the Union recommended non-concurrence.
j The amendment was non-concurred in.
[ Sixteenth amendment:
Add the following:
For the construction of a military road from Fort Benton
to Walla- Walla, $100,000. ;
The Committee of the Whole on the state of |
the Union recommended concurrence. !
Mr. GARNETT called for the yeas and nays, .
The yeas and nays were ordered. -
The question was taken, and it was decided in j
the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 61; as follows: I
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, An- j
drew*, Arnold, ftarr, Bennett, Bdlinghurst, Blair, Bliss, j
Bowie, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Cavanaugh, Chaf- 1
fee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, Clawson, Clay, i
Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comins,Covode, James Craig, |
Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, 1
Dean, Dick, Dodd, l)urfee, Edie, Elliott, English, Eustis, I
Farnsworth, Fenton, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gilman,
Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck,
Giover, Grow,Robert B. Hall, Ilarlan, Harris,Hatch,Haw-
kins, Hickman, Hoard, Hodges, Norton, Howard, Hughes,
Huyler, Owen Jones, Kenn, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp,
Landy,Lawrence, Leach,Leidy, Lovejoy, McKtbbin, Mat-
teson, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murrav, pTib-
Jack, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Pettit, William W. Phelps,
Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ready, Reagan,
Reilly, Ritchie, Robbing Royce, Scott, John Sherman,
Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, James A. Stewart, Wil-
liam Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor, Thayer, Thompson,
Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, 6adwaladerC. Wash-
burn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Woodson,
and Wortendyke—123.
NAYS — Messrs. Avery, Bocock, Bofiham, Boyce,
Branch, Caskie, Cobb, Cockenll, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Faulkner, Gannett, Gartrell, Lawrence W. Hall, Hopkins,
Houston, Jackson, George W. Jones, Jacob M. Kunkel,
John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Leiter, Letcher, Maclay, Mc-
Queen, Samuel S. Marshall, Maynard, Miles, Millson,
Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Powell,
Ricaud, Ruffin, Russell, Savage, Scales, Seward," Aaron
Shaw, HenryM. Shaw, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Stevenson, Talbot, Miles Taylor, Tompkins,
Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Watkins, Wiuslow,
Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer— 61.
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the vote,
Mr. CLAY stated that his colleague, Mr. Jew-
ett, was detained from the House by indisposi-
tion, and had paired off with Mr. Case.
Seventeenth amendment:
Add the following section :
Sec. 2. Jlnd be il further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized to repay to the State
of Texas, out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, moneys advanced by that State for the pay-
ment of six companies of mounted volunteers called into
service by General Persifer F Smith, on the 1st of Novem-
ber, 1854, for three months: Provided, That there shall be
no greater pay or allowances to these companies than was
given to similar troops in the service of the United States.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrence.
Thcamendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Add the following section :
Sec. 3. %/lnd be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of executing a resolution approved May 14, L836, entitled
" A resolution to authorize the Sccretaryof War to receive
additional evidence m support of tho claims of Massachu-
setts and other States of the United States for disbursement,
services, &c.,dutmg the late,war,-' the Sccretaryof the
Treasuiy be, and he is hereby, authorized and diiectedto
pay to Massachusetts, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appiopriated, the sum of' $227,176 48, re-
ported under said resolution to be due to said State byJ.
11, Poinsett, late Secretary of War, m «\ report dated the 23d
of December, 1837, made to the House ol Repiesentatives
the 27th of December, 1837: Provided, That, in heu of pay-
ment in money, the Secretary of the Treasury may, at his
discretion, i<-s,ue to said State United State* s.tock, bearing
an interest of five per centum per annum, and redeemable
at the end of ten years, or sooner, at the pleasure of the Pres-
ident.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 176, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold,
Bark>dalc, Barr, Bennett, Bjllmghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Blair, Bliss, Bocock, Bonhain, Bowie, Boycc, Branch,
Brayton, Buffinton, Biirlmgamo, Bums, Caruthers, Caskie,
Chaffee, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clawson, C^gy, Clark
B. Cochrane, Cockenll, Colfax, Coining, Corning, Covode,
Crajnn, James Craig, Crawford, Davidson, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Indiana. Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dniunick, Dodd, Dowdell, Dur-
fre, Edmundson, Eustis, Farnsworth, Fenton, Florence,
Foster, Gartrell, Giddings, Gdman, Gilmer, Gooch, Good-
win, Granger, Greenwood, Gregg. G rover, Grow, Lawrence
W. Hall, itobert B. IIafl, Hatris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hick-
inan, Hoard, Ilodgcs,' Hopkins, Horton, Howard, Hughes,
Huyler, Jackson, Kenn, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, John C.
Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Leach, Leidy, Letcher, Lovejoy,
Maclay, McKibbin, Maue&on, Miller. Millson, Montgomery,
Morgan, Morrill, Edwaid Joy Morris, Freeman II. Morse,
Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Niblack, Nichols, Olin, Palmer,
Parker, Peftit, William W. Phelps, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Powell, Purviance, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Ricaud, Robbins,
Roberts, Royce. Russell, Savage, Scott, Seward, Aaron
Shaw, John Sherman, Judson VY. Sherman, Shorter, Rob-
ert Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens,
Jame^ A. Stewart, William Stewart, Tappan, Miles Taylor,
Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Vallandigham,
Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Ellihu 1J. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins,
White, Whiteley, Winslow, Wood, Woodson, Worten-
dyke, Augustus R. Wright, and Zollicoffer—176.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Avery, Burnett, Cobb, Elliott,
English, Foley, Houston, George W. Jones, Owen Jones,
Jacob M. Kunkel, Letter, Mason, Moore, Mott, Phillips,
Ruffin, Scales, HenryM. Shaw,Singleton, Stevenson,Tal-
bot, and John V. Wright—23.
So the amendment was concurred in.
