1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1593
Nineteenth amendment:
Add the following section:
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the pmper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
authorized to settle the accounts of officers ofthe Army for
issues of forage and other supplies of the quartermaster's
department for the three companies of Kansas volunteers,
called out by General Peri&fer F. Smith, ui Kansas, in 1856,
under the authority ofthe War Depaitment, by passing to
their credit the amounts now charged against them on the
hooka of the Treasury on that account.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Add the following section :
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it faithcr enacted, That no more of-the
outstanding appropuations for military purposes shall be
expended during the fi>cal yeai herein provided for, than
the amount winch may he necessary to satisfy the liabilities
which have been created m the preceding fiscal year: Pro-
vided, That this section shall not he considered as extend-
ing to appropriations for fortifications.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-coneurrencc.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
Add the following, as an additional section:
Sec. 6. Jind be U further enacted, Th.it the second sec-
tion ofthe act of 3d March, 1851,entitled '-An act to found
a military asylum for the relief and. support of invalid and
disabled soldier&of the Army of the United State*,"' be so
amended as to reduce the number of commissioners author-
ized by that section to three, and to consist ofthe Commis-
sary General of Subsistence, the Suigeofi General, and the
Adjutant General, (any two of whom shall be a quorum for
the transaction of business,) whose duty it shall be to ex-
amine and audit the accounts of the treasurer quarter-
yearly, and to visit and mspcct the military asylum at least
once in eveiy month.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendmentwas non-concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Add the following, as an additional section :
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That I lie benefits' of the
said act be, and they aie hereby, extended, fO a* to include
the invalid and disabled soldiers, whether regulars or vol-
unteers, ofthe war of 1810. and of all sub>equent wars; and
that so much of the act of the 3d Mai eh, 1851, as i« incon-
sistent herewith, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Add the following, as an additional section:
Sec. 8. *And be it further enacted, That all pensioners, on
account of wounds or disability incurred in the military sei
vice, shall transfer and surrender their pensions to the insti-
tution, for and during the time they may remain therein and
voluntarily continue to receive its benefits.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Add the following, as an additional section:
Sec. 9. %dnd be it farther enacted, That the deduction of
twenty-live cents per month, from the pay of tho non-com
missioned officers, musicians, artificers, and privates in the
Army, shall be reduced, from and after the 30th of June
next, to twelve and"a half cents per month; and that the
title of the act be, and the same is hereby changed from the
" Military Asylum" to that of u Soldiers' HomeJind-pro-
vided further, That all persons now in, or that may hereaf-
ter be admitted into, the institution, shall be, and arc herebj,
made subject to the rules and articles of war, and will be
governed thereby in the same manner as soldiers in the
Army.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
tfcf Union recommended a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Add the following, as an additional section:
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all the States
which have had or sha'll have refunded to them by the Uni-
ted States moneys expended by such States for military
purposes during or since the war of 1812 with Great Britain,
which have not already been allowed interest upon the
moneys so expended, shall now be allowed interest, so far
as they have themselves paid or lost it; said interest to be
computed by the proper accounting officers ofthe Treasury,
according to the provisions and principles directed to be ap-
plied to the case of Maryland by the twelfth section of the
act of March 3,1857, entitled " An act making appropria-
tions for certain civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th of June, 1858;" and that all the States
which have been allowed interest upon claims against the
United States, accruing during or since said war ot 1812.
shall be entitled to have theirinterest accounts reexamined
and restated by the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury, according to the provisions and principles ofthe twelfth
section of said act of Match 3, 1857 ; and that those pro-
visions and principles shall govern the computation of in-
terest in all cases >n which interest may hereafter he allowed
to any of the States. Any money found to be due to any
State, as directed by tin- section to be computed and ascer-
tained, shall be paid to such State, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Provided, Tlmt in
lieu of the payment of money the Secretary of the Treasury
may, at his discretion, is-ue to such States a stock bearing
an "annual interest, at the rate of five per centum per an-
num, and redeemable at the end of ten years, or sooner, at
the pleasure of the President.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 83, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abhptt, Admin, Ahl, Andrews, Barr,
Bennett, Bilhnghursf, Blair, Bowie, Brayton, Butfinton,
Burlingame, Oa->Kie, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Coimns, Covode,
Cragut. Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dick, Diintnick,
Dodd, Edic, Edmnndson, Du^tis, Fenton, Florenc^ Foster,
Gihnan, Gooch, Goodwin. Granger, GiOW, Robert B. Hall,
Hawkins, Hickman, Hoard, Hopkins, Ilorton, Owen Jones,
Keim, Kelsry, Knapp, John C. Knnkel, Landy, Letcher,
Maclay. MclUc, Matteson, Millson, Montgomery, Morgan,
Edwaid Joy Morris, Freeman 11. Morse, Oliver A. Morse,
Murrav, Palmer, Petut, Pike, Potter,Pottle, Powell. Purvi-
anco,Ricaud. Ritchie, Robert*, lloyce, JudsonVV. Sherman,
Sboiter, William Smith. Spinner, William Stewart, Tap-
pan, Thayer,Thompson, Walton, Israel Washburn, white,
Wlitteloy, and Wood—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bingham,
Bishop, Bliss, Bocock, Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Biyan,
Burns, Cavanausjh, Horace F. Clark, John B.Clark, Clay,
Cobb, John Cochrane. Coekerill, Colfax, Cornimr, James
Craig, Ciavvfoid, Davidf-on. Davis of Maryland, Davis of In-
diana, Da\ is of Mississippi, Dean, Dowdell, Elliott, English,
Faulkner, Foley,Garnett,Gartrell,Giddings,Gilmer, Green-
wood. Gregg, Groe&beck, Grover, Lawrence W. Hall. Oar-
Ian, Hatch, Hodges, Houston, Howard, Huyler, Jackson,
George W. Jone*, Jacob M Kunkel, Lamai, Leach, Leiter,
Love.ioy, McKibbin, McQueen, Samuel S. Mar? hall, Ma-
son, Miles, Miller, Moore, Morrill, Isaac N. Moms, Molt,
Niblack, Olin, Paiker, Peyton, John S. Phelps William W.
Phelps, Phillips, Rcadv, Reagan, Ruftin, Sandulge, Savage,
Scales^ Sewaid, Aaron Shaw, Ilenry M. Shaw, John Sher-
man, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Stanton,
Stephens, Stevenson, Talbot, Mile* Taylor, Tompkm*,
Vallandiqham, Vance, Wade, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
YV.ishbuin, Ellihu B. Wa^hbnrne, Watkins, Winslow,
Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—100.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HOUSTON stated that Mr. Curry was
detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. MILES stated that, if he had been-within
the bar when his name wascallcd, in the present
condition of the Treasury, and without deciding:,
on the justice of the claims, he should have voted
<( no."
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that, ifhe had been
i within the bar when his name was called, he
j should have voted " no."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was non-
concurred in; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the following
bill and resolutions; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 606) to carry into effect the con-
vention between the United States and China,
conciudedon the8thofNovember, 1858,atShang-
hae;
A resolution (No. 87) in relation to the removal
of obstructions to navigation in the mouth of the
Mississippi river; and
A resolution (No. 88) in relation to the second
section of the act of Congress entitled " An act to
provide for the location of certain confirmed pri-
vate land claims in the State of Missouri, and for
i other purposes.
i Also, that the Senate insist upon their amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 662) making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1860.
Also, that the Senate have passed, with amend-
ments, a bill of the House (No. 889) to provide
for the care and preservation of the works con-
structed by the United States for bringing the Po-
tomac water into the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, for the supply of said water for all
governmental purposes, and for theusesand ben-
efit of the inhabitants of said cities', in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
PENSION BILL*
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, moved that the House insist on its disa-
greement to the amendments of the Senate to the
pension appropriation bill.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. DODD, by unanithous consent, moved
that'the House "disagree to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill in relation to the water-works
of Washington and Georgetown, and ask for a
conference.
The motion was agreed to; and tho Speaker
appointed Messrs. Dodd, Burnett,and Wright
of Georgia, managers of the conference on the
part of the House.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Twenty-sixth amendment of the Senate:
Add the following, as an additional section :
Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That the following
sums be, and they are hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropuated, for the
following lortifications:
For fort at Hog Island ledge, $40,000.
For Fort Schuyler, East river, New York, $20,000.
For Fort Richmond, Staten Island, $15,000.
For fort on sue of Fort Tompkins, and batteries, Stateu
Inland, New York. $100,000.
For Fort Carroll, Sollers's Point, $50,000.
For Fort Delaware, Delaware river, $100,000.
For Fort Calhoun, Hampton Roads, Virginia, $100,000.
For Fort Sumpter, Charleston, South Carolina, $25,000.
For Fort Clinch, Florida, $75,000.
For Fort Point, California, §30.000.
For Fort Alcatraz, California, ,150,000.
For Fort Jefferson, Tortugas, Florida, $95,060.
For Fort Taylor, Key West, $75,000.
For continuing the construction of the works at Fort
Gaines, $50,000.
For contingent expenses of fortifications and repaiw,
$30,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence in
the amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Sec. 12. dud be it further enacted, That the unexpended
balance of appropnations authorized by the first and second
sections of the act of February 17, 1857, be expended by
the Secretary of War, instead of by the Secretary of the
Interior, as authorized in said act.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence in
this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Sec. lb. Jind he it further enacted, That no allowance
for seivants or horses shall hereafter be made either in kind
or in commutation, unless such servants and horses shall
have been mu<terpd and inspected at such times and in
such manner as the President may direct.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concuTrence in
this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The amendments of the Senate having been all
acted on by the House,
Mr. CRAWFORD moved to reconsider the
respective votes of the House on the several
amendments; and also moved to lay the'motion
to rcconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
  JUDICIARY OF OREGON.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to take from the
Speaker's table the bill referred to by-my friend
from Oregon [Mr. Grover] this, morning. It is
Senate bill (No. 593) to provide for extending-the
laws and judicial system of the United States over
the State of Oregon, and for other purposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Alabama whether he will permit
an amendment to be offered to that bill if it is
taken up?
Mr. HOUSTON. I think myself, that the sal-
ary of the judge is fixed low enough in the bill;
but I will allow the amendment to come in and
receive a vote of the House.
The bill was then, by unanimous consent,taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and sec-
ond time.
