1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to,
strike out " $3,000," where it occurs as the sal-
ary of the judge, and insert " $2,500."
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendmenthavingbeen
offered, I demand the previous question on the
third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put. **
Mr. LETCHER. What is the salary of the
judges there now?-
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill proposes to pro-
vide for one judge, and to fix his salary at $3,000
a year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman if the supreme judge of the Territory
aid not have jurisdiction in all matters, while this
judge has no jurisdiction except over Federal mat-
ters .'
Mr. GROW. I object to debate.
The question now being on the amendment,
Mr. HICKMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Andrews, Barksrtale,
Blair, Bliss, liranch, Brayton, Oulfinton, liurlingaino, Chaf-
fee, Ezra Clark, Horace I11. Clark, Clay, Cobb, Claik B.
Cochrane, Cockenll, Colfax, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Doild,
Dill-fee, English, Farrisworth, Faulkner, Fenton, Gjrtrcll,
Gilmer, Gooeh, Gregg, Uroesbeek, Grow, Lawrence W.
Hall, Robert II. Hali, Harlan, Harris, Hickman, Hoard,
Hodees, Hopkins, Horton, George W. Jones, Kcim, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Knapp, Leiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, Mntteson,
Morgan,Morrill, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman II. Morse, Mutt,
Mm ray, Olm, Pike, Potter, Pottle, I'owell, Purviance,
Eeady, Reagan, Ricnud, Robliins, Roberts, Royce, Ruffin,
Scales, Henry M. Shaw, John Sheiman, Judson W. Sher-
man, Singleton, Robert Smith, Stanton, Tappan, Thomp-
son, Tompkins, Underwood, Vance, Wade, VValhridge,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu 11. Washburne,
and Wood—91.
NAYS — Messrs. Abl, IJilliitpIiiirst, Uonbam, Bowie,
Boyee, Iituiieti, Burns, Untltic, Cavanaugh, John IS. Clark,
John Cochrane, Coming, Corning, James Craig, Curtis, Da-
vidson, Davis of Maryland, Dmimick, Dowdell, Eilie, Ed-
mundson, Rlholt, Eustis, Florence, Foley, Foster, Oilman,
Greenwood,Giovei, Hawkins, Houston, Howard, Jackson,
Owen Jones, Jacob M. Kunliel, Lamar, Landv, Leidy, Mc-
Kibbin, McQueen, Mcltae, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason,
Miller, Millaon, Moore, Edward Joy Morris, Niblack, Nich-
ols, Palmer, Parker, Peuit, John S. Phelps, William W.
Phelps, Plnliips, lteilly, Ritchie, Sanduigc, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Ste-
phens, Steveiibon, James A. Stewart, William Stewait,
George Taylor, Mile* Taylor, Thayer, Vnllandigham, Wat
kins, Winslow, Woodison, Wortendyke, Augustus 11.
Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicotlcr—79.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading; and was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being on its passage,
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the previ
tion.
previous qucs-
Thc previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the hilt was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous |
consent of the tlouse to introduce a bill, of which
previous notice has been given. It is a bill to
amend the act entitled "An act for the admission
of the State of Kansas into the Union,"approved
May 4,W58. "
Mr. ENGLISH. I think it is rather late in the
day to introduce a bill of that kind. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to suspend
the rules; and upon that motion i demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ADRAIN. It is important that we should
have a fuJI House upon so important a measure
as this. I move that there be a call of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BONHAM. Will it be in order to give
notice that i will move a substitute to that bilP
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House, and no motion or notice in relation to it
is in order.
The bili was read, as follows:
A bill to amend an act entitled,An act for the admission
ot the State ot Kansas into the Union," approved May
4, > if J
JBe it enacted by the Senate and Hoxise of Representatives
cf the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
so much of the above-named act as prohibits the people of
the Territory of Kansas from forming a constitution and
State Government and asking admission into the Union as
a State until it shall appear by a censu^, duly and legally
taken, that the population theieof equals or exceeds the
ratio of representation required for a member of the House
of Representatives of the Congress of the UmtedStates, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Davis, of Indiana;and it was decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 100, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Bilhnghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame,
Cavanaujjli, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Horace P.
Clark, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Comine,
Covode, Cragin, Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee,
Edie, Fnrnsworth, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Giddings, Gilman,
Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
llaskin, Hatch, Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Owen
Jones, Keim, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, John C. Kunkel,
Landy, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, Samuel S. Marshall, Mont-
gomery, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N.
Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Olin,
Palmer,^Parker, Pettit, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pike,
Porter, Pottle, Purviance, Reilly, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts,
Royce, John Sherman, Judson w. Sherman, Robert Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Ellihu B.-Washburne, and Wood
—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bocock, Bon-
ham, Bowie, Royce, Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Cas-
kie, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, CockeriJJ, Corning, James
Ciaig, Crawford, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi, Dmimick,
Dowdell, ICdmundson, Elliott, English, Eu^i5?, Faulkner,
Florence, Gartrell, Gillis, Gilmer, Gieen wood, Gregg, Groes-.
beck, Gmver, Lawrence W. Hall, Harris, Hawkins, Hop-
kins, Houston, Jackson, GeoigeW. Jones, Jacob M Kunkel,
Lamar, ]>tdy, Letcher, McRao, Mason, Miles, Miller,
Mtllson. Moore, Niblack, Pmon, John S. Phelps, Powell,
Ready, Reagan, Ricaud, Ruffin, Sandidgc, Savage, Scales,
Scott, Hemy M. Shuw, Shatter, Singleton, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Vallandig-
ham, Vance, Ward, Watkins. White, Winslow, Woodson,
Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zplhcoffer—87.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COLFAX stated that his collea^ut1, Mr.
Wilson, had paired off with Mr. Lawrence.
Mr. HARRIS stated that the absence of Mr.
Marshall, of Kentucky, was caused bydomestic
affliction.
Mr. CASE stated that not cxpectmg that any- I
thing ef this kind would come up, he had this
morning paired olf. If he were at liberty to vote
he should vote in the affirmative.
Mr. MATTESON stated he was notwithin the
bar when his name was called. If he had been he
should have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. DOWDELL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Curry, was ill and had paired off with Mr. Ben-
nett.
Mr. McKIBBIN stated that, if he had been
within the bar when his name was called, he
should have voted 14 ay."
Mr. HALL stated that, if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he should have
voted "ay."
The vote was then announced as above reported.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. SINGLETON. I am instructed to report
back the Senate bill in relation to the public print-
ing. An amendment incorporated into the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicialappropriation bill, su-
persedes the necessity of passing this bill. I move,
therefore, that the bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. SINGLETON". I am also instructed, by
the Committee on Printing, to offer a resolution
for printing extra copies of the agricultural part
of the Patent Office Report. I have a letter here
from the Commissioner of Patents, which will
explain everything in connection with it. I shall
ask to have that letter read; and then I shall ask
for the previous question on the resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the ttsua!
number, two hundred and ten thousand extra copies of the
report of the Commissioner of Patents, on agriculture, tor
the year 1858, ten Ihou.viud of which shall be for disinbu-
tion by the Interior Department: Provulcd, That the aggie-
gate number of pages contained in said report shall not ex-
ceed five hundred and sixty-etght, including ten pages of
illustrations on wood: Jlnd provided,further, That the en-
tire amount of copy necessary to complete said report, in-
cluding the drawings for illustrations, be placed in the hands
of the Superintendent of Public Printing on or before the
let day of June next.
The letter from the Commissioner of Patents
was read, as follows;
United States Patent Office,
February 26, 1859.
Gentlemen: I beg leave to call your attention to the
manuscript of the agricultural portion of the annua! report
of this officc, for 18.58, now in the hands of the Speaker of
the House of Representatives of the Thirty-Fifth Co>.cress.
Although further in advance than has been usual at this
period of the year, saidVnanuscnpt is still incomplete. This
atises from the circumstance that this Office is chiefly de-
pendent upon the labors of persons residing in different
parts of the country, who voluntarily, or otherwise, con-
tribute matter for these reports, who req uire tune to perfect
their articles, and over whom we can exercise no specific
control as to the time of sending in their communications.
Besides, the meteorological observations, and much of the
statistical matter cannot be matured before the very last day
of the year, and time is reqniied to reduce them to a state
suitable for publication.
With this explanation, in order to make this report as
useful as practicable, I would suggest that the manuscript
be returned to this office, and leave granted by the House of
Representatives to revise and extend the matter contained
therein, in the usual manner, as has been adopted for scv-
ral years past.
I have the honor to be, gentlemen, very respectfully, vour
obedient servant, J. HOLT, Commissioner.
Hons. Samuel A. Smith, O. R. Singleton, Mathias II,
Nichols, Committee on Printing, House of Represent-
atives, United States.
Mr. SINGLETON. I wish to say, in refer-
ence to this resojution, that it is the same, sub-
stantially, as the one passed by the House at the
last session. The number of copies provided for
is the same, anjl the number of pages to be em-
braced in it is precisely the same. The Commit-
tee on Printing, after consulting with the Com-
missioner of Patents and the Secretary of the
Interior, have been led to believe that the manu-
script, as now in the possession of the House, if
published in its present form would be imperfect;
and that it is better for it to be returned, and re-
tained in the hands of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents until the 1st day of June next, in order that
it shall be put in such shape as will make it a use-
ful book to go into the libraries of the country.
Mr. RUFFIN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Mississippi a question. I understand that
this manuscript is to be returned to the Commis-
sioner of Patents. Now, sir, the manuscript was
returned in the same way last year, and it was
not furnished to the Public Printer until some
| time in the fall, and U was not printed and deliv-
ered at the folding-room until December. I want
to know of the gentleman from Mississippi,
whether there is any reason to believe that the
same thing will not be done in this case ?
Mr. SINGLETON. There is. The resolution
requires that the manuscript shall be furnished
some months sooner than it was last year. I said
the resolution was the same as that adopted last
year. There may be some shghtdifference between
the two; but they are substantially the same. I
understand that the difficulty to which the gentle-
man has referred, occurred from the fact thatsome
of the wood cuts designed for the work were not
satisfactorily done, and had to be done over.
Some difficulty sprung up, also, between the In-
terior Department and the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, which, I am assured, will not occur
again. At any rate, if the book is printed in the
present condition of the manuscript, the House
will be ashamed of the book.
Mr. RUFFIN. They will be ashamed of it
anyhow.
Mr. SINGLETON. I now ask the previous
question on the resolution.
Mr. SPINNER. I ask the gentleman to per-
mit me to offer an amendment to that resolution,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I also desire to
offer an amendment.
Mr. SINGLETON. I decline to withdraw the
demand for the previous question. If the House
do not choose to second it, they can vote it down.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers
on seconding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clark of
Connecticut, and Wright of Tennessee, were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 100, noes 29.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill on the table, and call for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The ye^s and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
The main question was ordered.
