512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21.
of all manner of claim for compensation for work,
time, or money expended in the collection of ma>
terials for the book, by Henry R. Schoolcraft.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time and passed.
JOSE DE LA MAYA ARREDONDO.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 126) for the relief of the lieiis and legal rep-
resentatives of Jose de la Maya Arredondo.
Mr. YULEE. That bill can be passed over.
It is a bill from Florida.
The bill was passed over.
AV. Y. HANSEIX AND OTHERS.
. The hill (S. No. 135) for the relief of W. Y.
Hansell, W. 11. Underwood, and the represent-
atives of Samuel Rockwell, was read the second
time, and considered as m Committee of the
Whole.
It provides for the payment of §30,000, being
the balanee of the sum of $,60,000 reserved in the
treaty between the United States and the Chero-
kee notion (negotiated on the 29th of December,
183.3) for the payment of ihese claims, and mis-
applied by the Commissioner of the United States
to the payment of other claims; the sum to be
distributed in the following- manner: To W. Y.
Ilansdl, $11,140; to W. II. Underwood, $lJ,0o5;
to the legal representatives of Samuel Hnckwell,
$,10,144.
Mr. STUjVXIT. That isalarge sum of money;
and I should like some explanation by reading
the report, or something el^e. Perhaps the chair-
man of the committee can give the necessary ex-
planation.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Coinnntlee on lnilem AiKurs, to wlium \v;i-< retorted
til*1 petition ol W, V. IlaiM'lI, William II. Underwood, <Uui
Nunncl T. minum-illat oi of fcS,uuu< I Rockwell,
beg leave to icpmt:
The f'l.um ol ilte petitionei r-; im iliree yeai-^ piofes^ional
seivtoe sn attorney;! and counselors to tlic Clieiokee nation
ol' indi:ui>.
l y the tenth M'ctiou of tiie ticatv of JK$f> it is ptovaled
that ** I he United State* .U-o a"iee and to pay the
just debt- and eiaun^ against the Oieiokeu nation, held by
eili/.eiK y( tne •-•mie; and aKo the ni-vt el lim-wii tin: citi-
zens oi ihe I 'inled Stales (or mm vk lendeied to the na
lion, and the >mn ol l.s uppiopruited ku linspnr-
J)OK ."
A qiHMirm having earlv been made as to the eoTMniefion
of this sertnm ol (Ik: treaty, the Sreietaiy ol' Wat submit-
ted the v,atue to the Attorney GcnevU duimg the Adinini?,-
liauon bv wlueh the ueaty w;w made, and on Ihe •}i>ih
A pill, IKYi, the Attorney General enmiuumeatod his oput
ion theieon. m which he sav-,: k< I construe the clause as
ihimgb the phi.wolm;}, had been ' and uIm> ihejti-t elai'ii-.
of eiii/en-i ol the l/niled Suite* lot mmVums lend'eied to the
nation, lor which purpose the snip ot £011,000 w nppio
pnated.5 Tins, -ays the Attorney (ieneial. i iitiuk, it* the
pie. im> ginmnialteal edecl ot the lanuua«,'e used, and in a
ea^-e of diiulil the jjianimalical eoiMiuetion 1 hould be pie-
Jeiie.l. unless plauily u piUMiant to the pioluhle intent. In
ill'' |M  -ent . ase i he <;i .ininiat n , l ennMtin tion will piodiu e
no ii.ju^Mre, wheiea*. the extension oflJie appi opt latum to
lioth ila--e% oi caves ennmeiated in Ihe elaiKc inuthtdo
£te:u nijii-iicc. if i-v. inoieo\im, in .leeoidatiee wiilt tin;
staiemiMit of Mi Scln im«'i hot n,w ho lolouns u-. that the
mi in oi xtUUHil) wa- named in the tiM dialt ot die ai liele, v\-
eln-ivch with leleienee io the la-t description ol claims
(r^cc < )pmion- ol Aitonn \ s (a nct.il. vol. 3, page )
The s.niie eousjiuetioii li.c- been iriven bv the Judicial'/
< 'ommiMcc <>| tlje Senate, to whou; tin- chum has been here-
tofore re,i ncd.
The eoiuinittec aho tmd that ihe board of commissioner,
in- the ">dih !Vu\emhei. H.'is, retired this claim to certain
dt-tnii/m-hed etu/ens ot lii'oii'ia, to aseettam die pioper
amount dial should ne «u\ aided lor then pioicoMonal hcr-
v;e( mull'! ili,- follow uiij m-ft nelsons :
'• 'I'lie i kuinanN hi'in'; dissatis|)(>d Willi flu; amount al-
iou '•<! n.i oi;uiiis.and ihe bnaid ol e£nnui)ssioii"rs, r :iv-
111 *-f' n\oi.i competeiiej, horn \ our buig pi.ieti"(> as atior-
?n v s in t!iv' '•',(! ii, ot (Jeoiuia. to de<Mde upon the met it-, of
if*' -e', .Mai elaints, liopc that yim will t<ike them into von-
f i in ,u!')ii. .ind tep'M i to them \ oiu opinion lieieon ar ,is
early i d iv a- pia.-'n aide Any three of those v< leefed m iil
be c ouipcUMiMo make ih«' de-ucd iepoit.*'
< J.i the lOJi Deeeinhi.M ol .-aim: j car, tiio followmy icpoit
VvM • niaiie
The undersigned, m compliance with vour ro()m*si, in
thp suhirjis-oMi 1.1 the matttM-' < t account ot Mos-as Haiisdl,
I*of t II.and i "ndeiu ood. a'l.en-E. (he Chciokee nation i.a
pioie--'0'.al >-<'r\;ce5 icnd"ied ;b eoun-.e| for the In.rate-,
havetle honot 'ojtpoit ihaf. ailci .icaie'n! e\atni!tatiori
ol ine s=c\x'fii item- ,uid chaii:"- in the ..eeranN s-ubnulted,
a coinp,uiMin ^ ith ch.«'U"« by pio^ --!<>>ial ^<M.ih)nen
in the nnddhi section or Gcoilmi .Hid duo eon.-id'Mutien
th'Menn, they rae utr,nmMU-lv oi tin- opinion that Mr.
Ilan-'il dioi;;d rc'eivi; the ;iiin of ; IM i HoeMvcil
f.i. t'l'ti teeeivc pud i\h. Ui:<UMW<jod tin; sum of
subject to bt; duiiiuifhed by tJic >«ais heietoforo
jja-d them. i< specuvely.,}
'i'in- r. !'■ at w.v s-iyucd by Nathaniel O, Sayio, Falwaid
Tiacy, iiiram Wanuir, Washiug'on Poo, and llenrv G.
Lamar.
Instead of acting on this report, the board of commission-
ers referred it to hip Secretary of War, who decided that
he had no authority to act on the same, and the parties were
finally driven to Congress.
The committee believe that the parties are justly entitled
to the relief prayed for by them, and tf<ey repoit a bill for
the sums stdl due and unpaid. They beg leave also to refer
to the report made by Mr. Berrien, from the Judiciaty Com-
mittee ot the Senate, and to adopt the same as part of their
own report.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state to the Senator from
Michigan a few of the main facts in this case. In
1830, the State of Georgia extended her jurisdic-
tion over the Cherokee nation of Indians. There-
upon there grew up a great controversy between
Georgia and the Indians and the United States.
The Supreme Court of the United States inter-
posed for the purpose of testing the legality of
that extension of the criminal jurisdiction of the
State. These gentlemen were leading counsel in
the State, and were employed by the Cherokee
: nation to vindicate their Rights in the local courts,
I wfiore they were indicted under our criminal laws
for murders and crimes of various sorts, and in the
Supreme Court of the United States to test our
right to subject the Indians to our jurisdiction.
They were employed very much against the pol-
icy of the State, and against the general feehng,
to the destruction of their professional gams,
' which were very great. Two of them are now
' living. They were three of the most cminent-gen-
i tlemen of the legal profession in the State. W hen
the treaty of JN'ew F>hota'*was made, this fund
was provided for their payment. The report
shows why it was not paid.
The purpose for which they were employed,
was in opposition to the policy of this Govern-
ment under the lead of General Jackson, who
was carrying out, and I think very propeily, as
far as lie could, the policy of Georgia to extend
hei jurisdiction over the Cherokees, and force
them to <;o west of the Mississippi. There gen-
tlemen were resisting that policy by defending the
Indians against pioseculions in the State, and as-
serting their rights to independent sovereignty
i within (tie State of Georgia; but I am quite sat-
isfied, although not at all concurring m the policy
of the liulians, hut agreeing with that of General
Jackson and my State at the tune, that under the
treaty of New Echota these gentlemen ought to
have been paid, and the money ought not to have
been divetted to other purposes.
Mr. STiJART. I only wish to make « single
uiquiry of the Senator from Arkansas, [Air. St>
lsAsiiw.] The report which has been rend, does
not show the ihveision of thin money. Can the
Senator state how the fund appropriated by the
ireafy has been diverted? The lull asserts that
the fund appropriated by tho treaty has been di-
verted, but the report does not shosv how; indeed
it ;<ays nothing about u.
Mr. JSIjIJASTlAjN". I will slate for the infoim-
atiou of ihe benator bom Miuu&an, that the le-
poi t, vt hieh bears my name, is one which was, m
point ot* fact, not wntten by myself, but hv the
late General Husk, when a member of the Com-
mittee on Indian Atlairs. Still, I have a general
knowledge of the case; and, atter a very careful
examination of it, we were satisfied of tho fact
that the appropriation in the treaty of $60,000 for
the purpose of paying for the services of these
gentlemen was specific m its character; the Attor-
i ney General of the Umted States had so declared;
but, though it was to pay for this character of ex-
pense, the fund was diminished so that these gen-
tlemen have not been paid the full amount sport-
fled m the treaty as compensation for them. The
Senator's question I cannot now answer, i have
foigotten the details; 1 cannot answer the ques-
tion speciiiealiy. ft has been investigated fully
and repeatedly before the Committee on Jndtuu
Allans; but the report, though it appears in my
name, was, m point of fact,"drafted by the late
Senatoi from Texas.
I Mr. S'illAUT. The Senator will allow ine to
J interrupt him—and I call the attention of tho Sen-
, ator from Georgia to the question 1 am about to
put.
i Mr. SEliASTIAxv. The Senator from Geor-
gia is more able to give an answer, perhaps, than
; i am myself.
i _ Mr. STUART. I understand the construc-
I tion given by the Attorney General to be, that
j £.60,000, according to the treaty, was due to the
1 claimants who were citizens of the United States
j as distinguished from those who were members
i of the Cherokee nation themselves.
I Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
I Mr. STUART. But is it not true that the lia-
I bility assumed by the United States was onlv
$60,000? '
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. STUART. Then the importance of the
question I ask: what has been done with this
money? The bill assumes that it has been divert-
I ed, but the report does not show any diversion at
i all.
Mr.TOOMBS. Itwaspaid to claimants against
the nation who were not citizens of the United
States. The $60,000 clause was put in by Mr.
Schermerhorn and the other commissioners to
pay these people, to provide for the claims of cit-
izens of the United States. For that purpose the
fund was reserved, but the Government diverted
the $60,000 to pay debts that were due to Indians,
by which* these people were defrauded out of the
; $60,000. That is the history of it.
j Mr. STUART. The Clerk has put in my hand
j a report of Air. Berrien, which was not read, and
| which contains tins language:
| " Subsequent conimi?<ionei« were appointed, who disa-
j greed in opinion upon the claim ; and ultimately, on the
! suggestion of the Secretary of Wat, the commissioners re-
| foned (i*o account to M>veii piote^-ioind ijeniletuen of Goor-
[ gia, with powei to any three: to act, five ot whom muted in
I an awaid, wlueh was laid bHoie the comim>sioncrs. In
; the mean lum\thr> cuni!!ii>-ione>> had divvitcd a portion of
the hind icverved lbi the pavinem ot these claims to others,
leaving only someemht thoiwind d«l!u>soi that fund unex-
pended, wnieh -tini fee !:i-r board o! commissioners, acting
under Hie awaid. dneoted to be paid in the memorialists, it
being the whole amount oi' the ie&erved fund which re-
mained under their coutiol.':
It states that the fund was diverted, but does
not show how.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CAPTAIN CHARLES G. RIDGT3LY.
The bill (S. No. 144) for the relief of Captain
Charles G. Ridgely, of the Umted States Navy,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
II It makes provision for the payment to Captain
|i Chailes G. Rulgely, of the Navy of the United
jj States, of ^6,000, for extraordintyy expenses in-
! | cut red when he commanded the United States
ji squadion in the Pacific ocean, m the years 1820
I j and 1821, in receiving and entertaining on board
j[ of lus ship the head nffier-rs of the Governments
t| m whose ports he was, who were compelled to
II seek a temporary u-fuge Under the flag of the
!| United States, and for other extiaordmary ex-
penses which he incurred in the execution of the
oitii rs ot Me1 Navy IVpaitment.
!j Mr. Vi^-iSL'iNdEN. I should like to hear the
jj report m that-case.
;i The Sectetaiy road the report; from which it
I, appeals that during the yeais iy«J and 1821,
ij whilst Captain Ridgely waa m command O' the
; i American squadron m the Ruufie ocean, and when
!: war was iaging in Peru and Chili, the Spanish
j| Viceioj', having been deposed, sought a tempo-
i1 rary refuse, with his smite and attendants, on
!j board o( the United States frigate Constellation,
under the command of Captain Ridgcly; that he
|j incurred considerable expenses in entertaining
!' thrse guests; l hat, on othei occasions, he teceived
I distinguished Spaniardb on board of his squadron,
owi 'g to the prevailing unsettled state of things;
;i and Hint, v, hi!s-t ho wo« ailording them a protec-
tion, dietat'.d by humamtv, and warranted by his
iee!iii<n!ons from the ATavy Department, he in-
curred txiraordinar/ expanses m entertaining
thenr and that he elso performed other services,
dining his cruise, nut falling within the ordinary
duii'S of the commander of a squadron, but de-
manded by the unsettled condition of public
efTairs, and the consequent necessity of protecting
the subsianiml interests of his country.
' Upon referring to the Navy Department for a
, knowledge of the instructions under winch Cap-
i' tam Rubvdy sailed, for the purpose of ascertain-
ing whether his conduct was justified by them,
, the committee found that a lanre discretionary
II power was given to the commanding officer, upon
I1 such a distant and delicate duty. The Secretary
! of the Isavy directed him, among other things,
as follows: " In touching at the poi ts of Chili and
li Peru, and ail others in South America, you will
