THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. KXVES, WASHINGTON, B> G; -
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2r> Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY 24,1859.
New Series.;..No. 3&.
ascertain whether the trading-or whale ships of
the United States are molested in the prosecution
of their voyaees,and the causes of such moles-
tation, and afford to them all particular relief, in
cases of need; and, at all the ports you may visit,
make such^display of the ship under your com-
mand as shall be best calculated to produce im-
pressions favorable to the interests of the United
States.5* " You will visit all Uie United States
ships and vessels you may meet, with a view to
ascertain their situation, and whether they have
been interrupted in their lawful pursuits; afford
them aid, protection, and security, consistently
with the laws of nations and the respect due to
the existing authorities, wherever and whenever
such protection and aid shall be needed, and can
be afforded."
The two foilowingexamplesare selected among
the services performed by Captain Ridgely under
these general instructions, which appear to fall le-
gitimately within their scope. In 1821 a revolu-
tion took place at Lima, in Peru, and that city fell
into the hands of General San Martin. Immedi-
ately preceding the fall of the city, the Viceroy of
Spain, General Pezuela,an old gentleman of sev-
enty years of age, and who had been Viceroy of
Peru for twelve years, was deposed, and made his
escape on board an American merchant ship, called
the General Brown. He was accompanied by his
son-in-law, a colonel in the service of the King of
Spain, and by his confessor. In a day or two af-
ter this event, the frigate Constellation arrived,
and Captain Ridgely found a determination exist-
ing, on the part of the commander of the fleet of
Chili, to capture the General Brown, with the in-
tention of sacrificing1 the life of this venerable
Viceroy, and listened, from humanity and policy,
to the appeal for protection on board of his ship
for the governor who had for so many years pre-
sided over the country, and who might, perhaps,
be soon colled upon to resume his power. All the
other ports of Peiu were at that time under the
Government of Spain, and prudence, therefore, re-
quired that a kind feeling towards the American
flag should be maintained m those ports. These
persons were received on board of the fngate by
Captain Ridgely as his guests, and entertained at
his expense, until an opportunity was afforded of
placing them in safety.
Upon another occasion, Mr. Prevost, then at
Lima, exhibited to Captain Ridgely a letter which
he had received from the master of a large mer-
chant ship, belonging to New York, with a very
valuable caigo on boaid, stating that his vessel
was taken possession of by the authoiities of
Guayaquil, and calling for assistance from the
civil and military powers of his countiy. The
revolution of Guayaquil at that moment, and the
absence of alPYegular government, required a
speedy and effectual interposition. Although Mr.
Prevost was not, perhaps, strictly accredited, ac-
cording to diplomatic etiquette, to the authorities
of Guayaquil, yet he was known to be an agent of
the American Government, and Captain Ridgely
promptly repaired with him to the relief of their
countrymen in distress. The union of civil and
military interference was too influential to be re-
sisted, and the vessel was released, but the ex-
penses of maintaining Mi. Prevost fell, of course,
upon Captain. Ridgely, and are'properly charge-
able to the United States.
These two ca^es will serve to illustrate the gen-
eral character of the services rendered by Captain
Ridgely, under his instructions. The price of
provisions is represented to have been enormous.
Captain Clack certifies that, at the time when the
Viceroy was received on board, flour was selling
for $100 per barrel,and othcrarticlesproportion-
ably high. Although no precise data exists in
the case from which to compute exactly the ex-
pense sustained by the commodore, the commit-
tee endeavored to ascertain it, and believe that
$6,000 would not be more than a fair allowance.
M>*. POLK. I have been told by the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Kexn-edy] that, since the
report of the bill, nefhaps, the party who is
named as the beneficiary of it has died, and it
38
I will be necessary to amend it for the purpose of
j giving "his representatives the benefits of the bill.
| If there is an executor-or administrator, I sup-
| pose it had better £0 to him.
| Mr. KENNEDY. There is an executor, a
i son-in-law of Commodoie Ridgely, who asks
that it may be so. amended as to let his legal rep-
resentatives enjoy tlffr benefit of it.
Mr. POLK. I move that that amendment be
made, by inserting in line three, after the word
" to," the words, " the legal representatives of."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in; and the
bill ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
It was read the third time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I use simply to impure,
for I do not profess to have any knowledge on
the subject, whether there are any precedent? of
this kind existing in the history of the Govern-
ment, which justify such an expenditure of the
money proposed to be repaid?
Mr. POLK. When this claim was before the
committee, it was stated that similar appropria-
tions had been made heretofore by Congress.
The bill was passed; and its title was amended
so as to read: '* A bill for the lelief of the legal
representatives of Captain Charles G. Ridgely,
of the United States Navy."
JOHN DUNCAN.
Mr. JONES. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate, if it is necessary, to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 336) for the relief of John Duncan.
1 have a letter from a distinguished member of
the House of Representatives, who says:
u you hope for salvation, moral, political, physical,
and eternal, do pa^John Duncan's piivato pension bill."
I hope the Senate will pass it. I want to save
myself.
Mr. IVERSON. It is with a great deal of
reluctance that I rise to oppose the motion of my
friend from Towa.
Mr. JONES. I merely wish to move to re-
cede from the amendment of the Senate. It is to
give a poor blind man sixteen dollars, instead of
eight dollars pension. He is entirely blind, and
very poor.
Mr. IVERSON. What bill is it?
Mr. JONES. A House bill for the relief of
John Duncan.
Mr. IVERSON. If I can get any pledge from
the Senate that they will not follow the gentle-
man 's example, and ask to take up other bills out
of order, I will not object in this case.
Mr. JONES. The Senate shall premise that,
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (fl. R. No 33G) for
the relief of John I^incan. The Senate passed
the bill at the last session with an amendment
striking out " sixteen dollars" and inserting
<{ eight dollars," as the amount of the pension per
month, in which the house non-concurred.
Mr. JONES. I move that the Senate recede
from its amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN ERICSSON.
Mr. GREEN. I beg leave to call the attention
of the Senate to a motion to reconsider, which I
made at the last session and which now stands
on the Calendar, on the bill for the relief of John
Ericsson. I beg to cali that up simply to have a
decision. I am willing to withdraw the motion
because I am satisfied; but if anybody objects I
cannot withdraw the motion. It is the iSill (S.
No. 90) for the relief of John Ericsson. It was
passed; I moved to reconsider itat the suggestion
of a friend. I have examined it, and I think I was
wromr, and I always wish to correct every wrong
I make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri asks unanimous consent to take up
the bill for the relief of John Ericsson'. The bill
will be taken up unless objected to. The Chair
hears no objection. The question is on recon-
sidering the vote bjF which the Senate passed the
bill.
Mr. GREEN. I ask leave to withdraw the
motion to reconsider.
The P&ESIDINGOFFJPER. The Chairliears
no objection.
Mr. GREEN. The bill stands passed. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
JAMES SUDDARDS.
■ The bill (S. No. 148) for the relief of James
Suddards, was read the second time, and con-'
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. ,*!
It proposes to provide for paytng to James Sud- *
dards, passed assistant surgeon, United States
Navy, the sum of $413 14, being the difference of
compensation to an*assistant surgeon and a pas~
sed assistant surgeon from the 17th of May, 1854,
to the 9th of March, 1856.
Mr. STUART. I should like to hear the re-
port in that case.
The Secretary read the report; from which it
appears that the petitioner was commissioned as
assistant surgeon, United States Navy, May ID,
3849, and was entitled, by the act of 1828, to an
examination for promotion to the grade of passed
assistant surgeon May 17, 1854, having been in
the Navy five years, and seen two years' sea ser-"
vice. In 1851 he was ordered to the Pacific sta-
tion, where he was detailed on duty until May,
3855,when he was ordered home. In March, I^S6,
he passed a satisfactory examination, and re-
ceived his promotion. He now asks to be allowed
the difference of compensation between an assist-
ant surgeon and a passed assistant surgeon from
the 17th of May, 1854, to 19th March, 1856,which
he lost in consequence of having been employed
on foreign service at the time he was entitled to
his examination and promotion. An act was
passed at the last session of Congress for the re-
lief of Surgeon Thomas B. Steele, under precisely
similar circumstances.
• Mr. STUART. 1 hope the Senate will give
their attention to this cas£, and see whether they
are prepared to adopt this principle. The report
refeis to a ease which it is said was passed, prob-
ably passed without attention being called to it.
This man being abroad on service as an assistant
surgeon beyond the time when by the law he
might have an examination for promotion, if
he had applied for it, now comes and asks this
Government to pay him as a surgeon, from the
time when he might have applied, if he had been
at home, and had seen fit to do it. Now, sir, I
think that is the most remarkable proposition I
have ever seen presented. It is assuming that he
would have applied if he had been at home, and
that if he had applied, he would have been ad-
mitted; neither of which is susceptible of proof.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not think it so very ex-
traordinary a case as the Senator from Michigan
seems to consider it. There are two cases upon,
the docket; one of which is Dr. Suddards's, and
the other Dr. Howell's: both of which the Com-
mittee on Claims instructed me to report. Both
Houses of Congress have established this prece-
dent in the case leferred to in the report. It is
nothing more than this—the whole case is in the
compass of a nutshell—Mr. Suddards was an as-
sistant surgeon, and by the-act of Congress he _
was entitled to an examination at a particular day;
having served live years in the service, and been
two years at sea; he was entitled to an examina-
tion to be passed up to the position of surgeon at
a certain time. At that time he was absent upon
actual service at sea. It was no fault of his that
he was not examined at the time. He was absent
upon service at sea, under the direction of the
Government; and he could notbe here, therefore,
to ask for his examination.
The Senator says that he might or might not,
have applied for his examination, if he had been
here. The fact that the very moment he came
home he did apply for his admissiori,and was ex-
amined and passed, is evidence, it seems to me.
