' 1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
on the yeas and nays, shall indicate its will on
this subject. Similar laws have been passed, and
as I conceive, the only way, although this does
not come from the Naval Committee, of protect-
ing ah officer against departmental injury and loss
of his rank, which no money can compensate for,
is by this manner of dating his rank back to the
time when he was entitled to his examination.
That may be reached however, without giving
him the accompanying pay.
Mr. STUART. I did not suppose, when I
raised this objection, that it would consume so
much time; but I have no objection to the fullest
attention of the Senate being drawn to this case,
for the purpose of precedent. Wow, 1 suggest to
the Senate that the third section of the act of 1828
is not to be construed as insisted by the Senator
from Florida. The third section, it will be seen,
by reading it carefully, is for the purpose of giv-
ing an examination to an assistant surgeon which
shall increase his pay, without giving him any
promotion. It is not for the purpose of promo-
tion at all.
Mr. MALXQRY. Rank, not promotion.
Mr. STUART. They arc the same thing, for
the purposes of this argument. What i said is
true; he may pass his examination at any time
before the board, and then when he has seen the
service, and an opportunity for promotion has
arisen, he can have it; but this thnd section au-
thorizes him to receive additional pay while re-
maining an assistant surgeon. The first section
is the one which confers the right of rank.
"That, from and after the passing of tiiis ;tcl, no person
shall receive the -appointment of itssistant feiugeon m the
Navy of the United States, unless he shall have been ex-
amined and appioved by a buonl of naval V who
shall be designated for that puipose by the rfecietary of the
Navy Depaitment; and no person shall leceive the ap-
pointment of surgeon in tile Navy ol the United States, un-
til he shall have served as an assistant suigeon at least two
years on board a public vessel of the Uniled States, atsea;
and unless, also, he shall have been examined and ap-
proved by a board of suigeons constituted as aforesaid."
The compliance with that section at any time,
entitles him to that rank. Now the tlyrd sec-
tion is:
"That assistant surgeons who shall have been commis-
sioned less than live years, shall eaeh reedvc thirty dollaia
a month, and two rations a da} ; alter live veins' service,
they shall be entitled to an examination by a board of naval
suigeons, constituted asaioie^aid, .mil ifaviiiitlteeri appioved
and passed by such boaul, they shall eaeh receive an addi-
tion of live dollais a month and one ration a dav ; and. alter
ten years' service, a lurtlier addition of live dollais a month
and one ration a day.''
The third section relates to their pay and ra-
tions alone, and not to the rank. One further
suggestion, and I have done. It does not follow
that before this individual had seen the very ser-
vice upon which he was ordered, he could have
passed his examination if he had applied. He !
may have requited the very experience and prac- '
tice that he got oil this voyage, to enable him to
pass the examination before the board. j
Is this as strong a case as would be presented
if an officer dies at sea, and an ollieer at home on -
another station is entitled to the promotion to fill ;
his rank; but he does not ascertain the death pet-
haps for two years, so that in fact he does not get
the promotion until the end of two yeais, which
he was entitled to on the day of the death. Can
he then come in and ask Congress to give him
back pay ? That would be a stronger case than
this, because he would not require an examina-
tion; law fixed his right at the moment of the
ether officer's death; but here you assume that
he would have passed his examination if he hud
applied, and you assume that he would have ap-
plied if he had been at home. j
Mr. IVER-SOiY. It is an old saying, that there !
are none so blind as he who will not sec. The j
Senator from Michigan insists upon supposing
that the service which this man rendered, and '
which prevented him from being here and apply-
ing for his examination, constituted his right to
the examination. The proof is, that he would
have been entitled to his examination in 1854, if
he had been hereto have taken the examination,
lie had served five years prior to 1854: lie did not
come back until ]85G. Nov,-, of course it must
appear that he did not require the period between
1354 and 1856, to give him the five years'service,
and yet the Senator insists that that may be the j
case. *
Mr.STUART. NotwithstandingtheSenator's
want of respect for me and my argument, I ask i
him, when did the officer have his two years' sea-
service that entitled him to examination?
Mr. IVERSON. Prior to 1854; prior to the
time when this pay commences.
Mr. STUART. And he had served five years?
Mr. IVERSON.. Yes.
Mr. STUART. ^Then why did he not apply?
Mr. IVERSON. He was not.here to apply.
He was on the coast of Africa. That is the very
reason why we propose to give him the addi-
tional pay,
Mr. MASON. There really seems to me to be
an equity in the provisions of this bill. 1 have
listened attentively to what has been said in tfic
debate, and it certainly does not present this case
as I understand it. The assistant surgeons are
by law entitled to promotion after five years, if
they stand the examination that is required.
They cannot get that examination if they are
afloat and abroad. We know very well, in the
naval service, that, with very few exceptions, if
there be any, they prefer service at home to ser-
vice abroad; and it is to be presumed, therefore,
that the most active and meritorious of these
officers are those who are on service abroad. In
the absence of a provision in the general law,
placing them on an equality with their associates,
their absence abroad disables them from being
entitled, as the law proposed they should be. i
think there is an equity in it; and I shall vote
very cheerfully for the bill.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, we talk here about
economy and retrenchment in the expenses of the
Government, and yet, upon every occasion, every
pretext, it seems to me, is sought to increase
the pay of public officers, and to increase their
numbers. The law provides that in case of as-
sistant surgeons, where they have been examined
at the enif of five years, as I understand it, as
read by the Senator from Michigan, they shall
have an increase of pay and additional rations,
and, at the end of five ye&rs more they shall have
a further addition. These cases come singly; and
it seems that the argument for this bill is that,
upon some previous occasion, some assistant sur-
geon has, through the influence of Ills friends,
beenenabled to geta similar allowance from Con-
gress, and now there are four such bills on the
Calendar. If there is any justice in any one of
them, the same justice should be applied to all,
and a bill should be brought in here to increase
the pay of the assistant suigeons. That is my
judgment about it, and if not, there is no reason
I why there should be any allowance in this case.
! if the allowance to one assistant surgeon brings
i in four, there is no doubt that the allowance of
I these four will justify an allowance to all of them,
i We should do so if there is any propriety in this;
j but I shall vote against the bill.
| Mr. TOOMBS. I will only say in addition to
I what has been said by the Senator from Miclii-
| gan, that this bill is to give a man pay to which
! lie is not entitled. lie was in the service of his
I country, where he ought to have been. It seems
he could not be examined at the time. Then lie
was not entitled to the money; that is ail. Let
1 us take the ease of a lieutenant in tile Army.
i They are promoted according to their seniority
i universally ill our service. Somebody is killed
; over in Japan, in the marines, or anywhere else.
: The next man in order is entitled to the place,
; but he does not hear of it for two or three years.
Is lie to come here for a special law, saying: " I
] would have been promoted by the usage of the
i service, 1 would have had a captain's pay if I had
j known of the death; and I ask for my captain's
! pay while I was performing my duty as a lieu-
I tenant m the service." Eveiybody knows that an
officer of this grade is entitled to a certain pay
until he is a surgeon. Everybody knows he is
not entitled to the pay of a surgeon until he is
one. That is the answer, in my mind, to the
whole proposition.
Mr. PITCH. I know but little of the meiits of
this individual case; but the supposition of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, arid the Senator from Gcor-
\ gia, if it was applicable to this case, would be fatal
: to 11. It is not, however. The surgeons and assist-
ant surgeons of the Navy know but two grades
of promotion; assistant surgeon and surgeon.
] All those of the same rank and the same date of
! commission, that is those of the same rank who
! have served the same length of time, are upon the
! same footing. The death of one gives the one
below him no preference whatever. He may step
into his place, but it carries with it no additional
pay, no additional compensation of any. kjnd, and
therefore the supposed eases of deaths in the lijie
of the Army and Navy which are referred to are
not applicable in this case. If a captain is killed,
a lieutenant cannot come here and ask two years'
pay and promotion.
Mr. STUART. That is not the argument.
The Senator misapprehends my argument. That
was only brought up as a parallel case on prin-
ciple. It was hot supposed that these surgeons
were promoted by the death of another one—not
at all.
Mr. PITCH. The argument, I think, went to
this: that this gentleman, because of his absence',
was no more entitled to his additional pay—that
pay which would have been given to him if he
could have presented himself for examination,
and for promotion—than would-be an officer in.a
case where death had made a vacancy,-which
would be filled by an inferior by promotion. The
pay here is owing to the date of service, not to «
.the promotion through several gradations, for
there are no sucli gradations in this branch of the
public service. The pay is owing to the number
of years the individual may have served; and he
is fairly entitled to the commencement of the
extra pay when he has served that number of
years.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Biglor, Fitch, Hale, Iverson, Jones,
Mnltory, Mason,Polk, and Shields—10.
NAYS—Messts. liavard, Benjamin, Brodencfc, Cameron,
Ohesmit, Clay, Chngman, Collamcr, Davis. Doolittle, Dur-
kee, Fessenden, Fitzpali iek, Foot, Foster, Hamlin- Hailan,
1 olinson ofTenness.ee, King, lieid,Seward, Stliarf, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wilson, and Wright—26.
So the bill was rejected.
Ell W. GOFF.
Mr. FOOT. • I move to take up the bill (H. R.
No. 353) for the relief of Eli W. Goff, for the pur-
pose of moving its recommitment to the Committee
on Commerce. The claimant informs me that he
has additional testimony which he desires to lay
before the committee.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and it was recommitted to the Committee on Com-
merce.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. CLAY. I move that when the Senate ad-
journs it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays,
arid they were ordered, and being taken,resulted—
yeas 2!, nqys 22; as follows:
YEAS—Melsrs. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Broderiek, Cam-
eum, Clicf>nut,Clay, Chnjrman, Dixon, Jhirkoe, Fesscnden,
Fir/patnok. Jones, Mallory, Mayon, Pugh, Seward,
Toombs, Trumbull, Ward, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—
[ 34.
j NAYS-— Messrs. Bigler, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Colia-
I mcr, Cnttenden, Davis, Doolittle, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Ham •
j Iin,llailan, Houston. Iverson, Johnson ol Tennessee, Polk,
! llice, Shields, Stu.u t, and Wade—2*2.
| So the motion was agreed to.
: EXECUTIVE SESSION.
; Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
; Mr. MASON. There is some executive busx-
' ness which ought to be transacted, and it will take
! but a short time.
| Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw the motion to
: adjourn.
; Several Senators. Oh no; let us adjourn,
j Mr. PUGH. In order to determine the qucs-
j lion of those who are in favor of setting here and
1 performing the public business, or coming here
to-morrow to do it, I ask the yeas and nays on it,
i as it seems to be an issue between an executive
i session and an adjournment. I ask for the yeas
i and nays.
j The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
i taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 10; as follows:
' YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bisler, Brown, Chcs-
! nut. CImgman, Oollamer, Oriftf nd< n, Dixon, Fitch, Foot,
! Hale, liailati, Houston,'iverson, Johnson of Tennessee,
Joints, Kiiiji. Malloiy, Mason. Folk, i'nqli, Ituid, Rice, Sew-
aid, fcihuidV, Slidelf, Stuart, 'Trumlmil,'Wade, Ward, Wil-
son, Wiight, and Ynlce—*
i NAYjS—Messrs. Broderiek. Cameron, Chandler, Cfork,
. Clay. Doohttle, Fe&sendcn, Filzpatriekj Foster, and Ham-
:. lm—10.
