1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 2,
warped surfaces from the sides of the boat, with their lines
of curvature so calculated as to direct the current towards
the bottom of the river as the boat moved forward. In
adopting this plan for the removal of the bars, the cost to
be consideicd will be that of the original cost of the e^uip
ment lor boat and machinery, the cost of working it per
month, and the percentage upon the whole, which will be
found necessary to cover repairs, breakage, wear and tear
of machinery, &c. One good boat, of the kind designated,
will be amply sufficientfor both passes, if they are operated
on alternately. The bar should be icmoved from the South-
west Pass first, and afterwards Pass & I'Outre could be
opened.
A low-pressure boat of the required siz« will cost, when
new, everything complete  $50,000 00
Harrow and scraper, with tackle complete  1,500 00
Cost of equipment  $51,500 00
The cost per month of working this machinery, day and
night, will be §10,621 66.
If we suppose the Southwest Pttss to be opened in four
months by tlie application of this machinery, we shall have
a total cost lor opening l>a^s a. I'Outre of ,<501,885 40 ; or for
opening both passes, the cost will be $155,270 60; or about
fifteen and a half cents per cubic yard for opening.
After the passes are once opened effectually, it is pre-
sumable that stnallei boats and lighter machinery will be
sufficient to keep them open. At all evens, it will only be
necosstuy to aet upon the htfYs occasionally, which can be
done m the day-tune, and the conweqncnt reduction ot lorce
and fuel will effect a gieat reduction of the monthly cost.
It must be undeistood, however, that this harrowing and
scraping must be a constant operation, in order to be per-
ieoily successful, as must aho he any other plan in its ap
plieauon to the passes of the Mi'snssippi river.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. K. DUNCAN.
Civil Engineer.
Wm Crpkvy, Esq , Chairman of Committee New Orlcam
Chamber oj Commerce,
Resolutions following the Report of Captain J. K. Dun-
can.
Both reports, on motion, w.'ic leocived, which, with the
following resolutions proposed t>y Mr. VVibiuy, wete unani-
mously adopted :
JicsoUc'l, That tln-> Chamber appoint a committee of five
inenihen to coricxpond with the different Chambers ol all
the commercial cities 01 the Union,as well an with 0111 Sen-
ators and Repiesentatives nt Washington, icipiesiini* their
cooperation m applying to the Genuial Government for
H'licf.
iiesoh>Cff, That a committee be appointed to act m con-
cert wilh a committee of the Common Council, and author-
ized, if deemed expedient, to proceed to Baton Rouge to
obtain, if possible, an appropuation fiom the .State foi tem-
porary relief, >aul appropimuon to be cvpended under tlie
Mipcrvision ot ;v competent enjriuepi, nppioveil by the
Chamber ol Commerce and JJoaid ol tTudenvtiters of this
<:il>.
Jicsolvcil, That a committee of two members, to be ac-
companied In ('apftin J K Duneim, -hutl proceed to Wash-
ington to pioctue an appropnation loi immediate and Inline
leliei, Mihjoot to e\pt ndituie undei a competent engineer,
ftppioved i y ihr Chamber 01 Commuiee and Bo.ud ot Uu-
deuvi iters ol this city.
Ilrsoh'i'ti, '1'liiit one thousand copies ol the repoit of the
eoiiimniec and the accomp.uiMiig 1 epm ( ol tin* wmjmeri, be
punted in pamphlet 1..1111 lor (he n-e ol ihe Chamber
IIesolvcii. That the piCHdew of ilnw Chamber telegtaph
Mevsrs. Si,iw;i.t, and Bknj.vmin, otir Senator- in ('ongte>s,
asking them to cnlt upon the Kecreian ol War and f-ee it
it may not be m his power to extend immediate relief bv
msiiucung the ptopei United Slates Government oftieei
residing here to mnke >ueh a eonir.iet a- he may deem iu-
dieuuu to accomplish the devued object, and solicit tiom
the Kcmuoi* a icply by telegmph.
Mr. JON" ICS, of Tennessee I desire to inquire
of the gentleman how much the channel hashec-m
deepened with the money already spent there?
Mr. EDIR. i object to debate.
Mr. GROW. Can flie rules be suspended to
take uji itiul consider all the bills that have passed
the Senate and are now on the Speaker's table?
I think it is due to the Senate and to ourselves
to take them up and dispose of them.
Mr. BURNETT. I thought there was a mo-
tion made to suspend the iu!es. I object to de-
bare.
Tlie SPEAKER. Shall the rules be suspended
to take ttp and consider the joint resolution?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
Tlie rules vveie accordingly suspended; and the
joint resolution was taken from the table and read
a first and second time.
Mr. ttUSTlS moved the previous question on
the third readtng.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit the
question whether this is not a reappropnation,
and whether it must not eo to tlie Committee of
tlie Whole on the state of tlie Union?
The SPEAKER. The motion was to take it
up and consider it 111 the House.
Mt. JONES, of Tennessee. I thought the mo-
lion was merely to take it up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair expressly-pro-
pounded the question'to take up and consider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I can suggest to
the gentleman how the navigation there can be
improved.
Objection was made.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the joint resolution was read a third time.
Mr. EUSTIS moved the previous question on
the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. EUSTIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire now to
call up the motion presented yesterday by the*
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] to-recon-
sider the vote by which the mail steamerTtppro-
priation bill was laid 011 the table.
Mr. HATCH. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri to let us first take up the bill for deepening
the St. Clair flats. I as!c that the hill shall be
considered in the House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The reason why
I desire to call up the motion to reconsider at this
time is, that there are amendments from the Sen-
ate to other appropriation bills which I wish to
have an opportunity of considering in the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; and 1 want first to
have this motion to reconsider disposed of.
Mr. STANTON. I will relieve the gentleman
by withdiawtng th<> motion to reconsider.
Mr. BURNETT I move to reconsider.
The motion was entered.
ST. CLAIR FLATS.
Mr. HATCH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, from the fur-
ther consideration of tin; bill for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair flats All I wish to say
is, that the bill makes an appropi tat ion of $55,000
for deepening the channel.
Mr. ED1E. I object to debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. HATCH. If you do not want to debate, I
certainly do not. Then I move to suspend tlie
rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 48; as follows:
YivAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram. Ahl, Andrews, Arnold,
Ran, Bilhuyhuixt, Jilait, Uhss, Bowie, B nyton, IjUlfimon,
Hutlinyame, Uutm<, C.i:>e, Cavaiuimdi, 01nU)oe, Chapman,
E'/ni Clark, IIoiuc F "'mk, Claw-uni, John Cochiaite,
Colfax, ComiiH, Coimnii, Cowxle, James Cia:j*, Cum-,
Davul-on, Davi- ol AlaiWand, Daw« of Indiana, Davis
ol M.i -ac!nL-elt! , 1 ).ivi-. 01 Iowa, Dawe.-, Dean, Dick, Dim
nnck, Dodd, Duiiee, Mu.-tis, Faiu-vvoith, ronton, Floi-
enee, Fo-tei, Gilln, Gilman, Gilmer, Good), Goodwin,
Gianger, Gienc, (Jiow, Kobeit, J5 Hal!, Italian, Il.uu-,
ILii-kin, Hatch, Iloaid, Ifftduos, llmvaid. Chven Jone-!,
kcini, Kellosrg, Kci.-ey, Knapp, John C. Kunicei, Leach,
Leuly, Leiu-i, Lovejo'v, Melubbm, ^nmuol s5. ."Mai^-hall,
Mattcson, Montgomery, Aloig.m, Moutll, Oliver A. Moi-so.
Motf, I\Iunay, Niblack, NichoN, Olm, Palmer, Parkei,
Pettit, Wilham W. Phe'p-%. Pike, Potter, Pottle, Pu«i nance,
llieaitd, Ilobbias, Roberts, Uoyce, Russell, Sandidge, Bcort,
John Shciman, JiuKon W. ^hcunan, Siioiter. Kobcu
Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Miles
Tayioi, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Vance, VVade,
Walbudae, Wahhon, Walton, Oadvval.ulei O. Wa&hbuin,
Klhhu H Wa^iibninc, Wood, W01 tcml\ke, and Augustus
Lt. Wiight—117.
NAVrf—JVIe&urs. Bocock, Bonham, Branch, Bryan, Cas-
kie, John B. Ciaik, Clay,Cobb, Ciawford, David ot Missis-
sippi, Dowdell, Kdmunihon, Elliott, Ennhdi, Faulkner,
Foley, Gatuett, (Darnell, Uawkm-, Hopkins, Ilou-ton,
J.iek^on, Jenkins, Jcwett, George W. Jones, Lamar,
Letcher, McQueen, Mason, Miles, Millson, Mooie, Peyton,
John H. Phelps, Piulhp-, Powell, Ready, Savage, Sealer,
Aaion Shaw, Henty M. Shaw, Single ton, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smiih. Rtalhvoitli, Stevenson, Janio^ A. Stevvait.
and Watkius—18.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. Wright, of Tennessee, paired off with
Mr. Ritchie, on the above vote.
Mr. Walton paired oiF with Mr. Davidson for
the remainder of the day.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was then discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill, which was ordered to a
third reading, and was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. HATCH. I do not desire to debate this
appropriation. It can be justified by every con-
sideration that should control public expenditure
—naval, military, and commercial. I have given
my views fully to this House before, and 1 am
now ready to defend them, and will yield the floor
temporarily to gentlemen; but shall not surrender
it,as 1 intend to move the previous question.
Mr. Hatch then moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, itfoved that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Mr. HATCH. The gentlemen from Tennes-
see and Kentucky may have as many calls of the
House and yeas and nays now as they desire.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. *
The House refused to order a call.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied.
Mr. SHORTER demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 58; as follows:
VEAS—Mcrers, Abbott, Adram. Ahl, Andrews, Arnold,
Parr, J5ilhnghurt.t, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bowie, ferayton,
Bitflhuon. Burlmgauiu, Burns, Case, C\ivanatieh. Chaffee,
ChapniaUjEzia Clark, Iloiace F. Clark, Claik B. Cochrane,
John Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Coming, Covode, Cragin,
Curtis, Davis, of Maryland, l)avi^ ot Massachusetts, Dawes,
Dean, Dick, Dimmick, Dodd, Durloe, Edie, Euetis, Farns-
worrh. Fentou, Florence, Giddmgs, Gillis, Gooch, Good-
win, Granger, Greg<r, Giow. Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B.
flail, Uarfan, Harm, Haslun, Hatch, Hickman, floard,
Hodges, Iloiion, lfowaul, Owen Jones, Keim, Kplsey,
Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Landy, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy,
Melvibbin, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Morgan, Mor-
11II, Edwaid Jo> Morris, Fieeman II Morse, Oliver A.
Morse, Mott. Muiray, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pcttit,
William W. Phelp-t. Potter, Pottle, Purvianee, Ricaud,
Uitehie, Robbins, Roberts, Royce, Ru-^ell, Sanduljje, John
Shennan, Jud^on W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Miles Taylor, Thayer,
Thomppon, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridtje, Waldron, Ward,
Cadwiilrftier C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washburne, und
Wood -ti:*.
NAYS—Me-^rs. Barksdale, Bonham, Boyce, Branch,
Burnett, Ca«*kie, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobh, Cravviord,
Davis of fndianii, ))avis Mi-JM-^ippi. Dovvdell, Edmund-
son, Fjnaheli, Faulkner, Foley. Oamett, Gartrell, Gilmer,
Grovei. Hill. Hopkins, Houston, Jackson,Geoige W, Jones,
Jstcoh M. Kunkel, Laniai. Le'ichei, Maclay, McQueen,
Maynard, Mile*. .Miller, MilKon, Peyton. John S. Phelps,
Powell, Readv, Reagan, Savage, Sealing, Aaron Shaw,
IJeniy M. rihaw, Shorter, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Stephens, Stevenson, Underwood, Vance,
Watkin«, White, Wlmeley, Woitendvke, and John V.
Wright—58.
So the bill was passed.'
During the eall of the roll,
Mr. BRYAN stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Goock.
Messrs. SCALES and TALBOTT stated that,
if they had been within the btu when their names
were culled, they would have voted " no."
Messrs. KELLOGG, FOSTER, and GIL-
MANstated that, if they had been within the bar
when their names were called, they would have
voted " ay."
The tesult having been announced,
Mr. HATCII moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsidcr upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE,
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr.AsBunY Dickins, its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the Post Otnce
appropriation bill, with amendments; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate insisted on its amendments
disagreed to by the House to the Army appropii-
atton bill, and asked a conference on the disa-
greeing1 votes of the two Houses on said bill; and
had appointed Messis. Dayi&, Pessempen, and
Toombs managers of said conference on the part
of the Senate.
ARMV APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS,ofMissomi, by unanimous con-
sent, moved that the House insist on its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the Army
appropriation bill, and agree to the conference
asked by the Senate.
