516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. After some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 21,1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. Aiken.
The Journal of yesterday was read an'd approved.
acquisition of british america.
0 Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following pre-
amble and resolution: *
Whereas that countiy called "Rntish America," lying
coterminous with thetJnited States fot three thou>and miles,
and computing some tin eo million square miles of territory;
and especially tnose parts of it known as Nova Scotia, New
Brunswick, the Carnulas, (East and West,) and that xejfion
upon the Pacific, embracing the Island of Vancouver, ami
the Fraser rivci, commanding the Straits of Fuc.i and the
finest harbor on the Pacific coast, lying below 51° -10' north
latitude, (our title to which was tormeily officially declared
to be " clear and indisputable,") is very valuable fiom the
fertility of its soil, its forests of valuable timber* it* deposits of
coal, its rich mines of gold, copper, and othei minerals, its
navigably waters, and its fisheries, both ocean and inland;
and whereas tlie same embraces th£ mouth of the St. Law-
rence, and for the most pail both its bank*, and dl>o skats
the lakes Ontario, Erie, hit. Clair, Huron, and riupeuor, and
the rivers Niagara. Detroit, and rft Chur, which lakes and
rivers drain a large number of the States of tins (Jmon, and
greatly affect the commerce of many more ; and the inhab-
itants ot thosje Statf-4 are thereby necessarily re>tiamed in
their communication with the ocean, and may be entneSy
suspended, thus crippling our commeice; and wheteas the
Island of Newfoundland commands both channels mto,
and out of, the mouth ot the St. Lawrence; and the shoals,
commonly called th« b.infc^ of Newfoundland, on the eas-
tern coast of v;ud "island, ait; the uio-t eAtertuvc and pro-
ductive fixhone-  m the world ; and wiiei ens the city ol JIal
ifax.in Nova tfeotm, with its formication- and it? shelter
' for armed fleet", commands tile commerce between Europe
and America by its contiguity to the fiulf stream, which
there runs closoto Hie ^mie.itrid through which «ueh com-
merce must and does necessarily pa^s ; for whif-ii ie;i>on
said city may he demoininnteii ihe gateway of the northern
seas, and the sentinel of the valley of St. f.awrenco ; and
whereas said countiy is not onl\ a nlunvt within siuht of
our shores," but absolutely joms'us; oui commeice with it
is "very ureal. and our em/en - aiein tlie habit of daily
and extended personal intereouise with itand w ith that
country, « under the dominion of a distant foterun 1'owei,
this trade ot vital importance to these State*, ih liable to be
destroyed in tune ot \var;,Jand tome of tho finest cities
and villages of our eo tin try battered down and deployed by
cannon planted upon that teintory, or from ship's floating
upon those rivers and hikes; and ^herea? -k the tinth i-,
that in its existing colonial condition/' that countiy <k is
a constant source of mjuiy and annoyance to the Amen-
cau people,3' and " from iw £co«iap[ncal position it com-
mands themouthofthe" St. Lawienee, u and ihe immense
and annually meroasihe ti.idc, torei n and coibtwne, fiom
the valley ot'" not. only •' that noble nver,", but the gicat
inland seas of the noriiiwer-t atao*, and a whilst the posse-
sion ofVaid country'' would be of va>t itnpoitance to tiie
United States, its value to Great iintain is compaianvclv
unimportant ;"and whereas the inhabitant* of mi id countiy
arc. iiio>i of them, well (itud to become de^ir.ibb  a->-ueuucs
arid brethren with us m tills gieat C'onfedeiuey of States: ;
Therefoie,
KeiotveJ, That the Committee on Foienjn Affaus be ip- ;
quested to inquire into the ^vpedmnev. of netting on foot 1
measure? to aequiro the -aid t-'intoiy uom Gre;jf ttriiain ]
by honorable treaty, and that they rep'oit to this House by !
bill or otherwise. j
Mr. GARNETT. I object to that resolution. !
employment of a stenographer. i
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I am instructed by '
the special committee on Navy contracts to offer i
the following resolution: 1
Rr*a!i<etJ, That the <?pecKii committee on Nnvv contract5? I
and expenditures have leave to employ a stenographer, at '
a compensation not exceeding the rate paid the importers !
of the f oncrro-ional Globe, and that -.rud committoe have '
leave to Mt during the serious of the llou^e, and to repoit !
at any time. i
Mr. HUGHES. I object to the resolution, j
Mi-. SHERMAN, of Ohio. 1 am willing fo '
modify the resolution so as to meet the objection I
of the gentleman, if he will state what it is. j
Mr. HUGHES. I object to that part of the 1
resolution wln^h gives the committee the right to !
report at any tnu^. j'
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will modify the !
resolution by striking out that port of it.
The SPEAKER, is there objection to the res- •
olution as modified ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. DOCOCK. *1 hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw Ins objection. It will
be impossible for the committee to get through
then* work unless they have leavu to employ a
stenographer. They have a great amount of
writing to do, and have much other business to
attend to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
objection.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does not the priv-
ileged question which was pending yesterday,
come up to-day as the unfinished business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes not, as
this is private bill day, and private business takes
precedence.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports of a private character.
john peebles.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill-from the Court
of Claims (No. 88) for the relief of John Peebles.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I ask that that
bill be put upon its passage at this time, and for
this reason: The amount appropriated by the i
bill is only twenty-live dollars, and it would cost :
more than that sum to have the papers in connec-
tion with the case printed. The claim is unques-
tionably just, and the report of the Court of !
Claims is a unanimous* one. * I have examined !
the claim and have no doubt of its justice.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of j
the Treasury to pay to John Peebles, out of any [
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropu- ■
ated, the sum of twenty-five dollars in lull for :
his services as a surveyor, under the direction of i
John Cuthbert, timber agent for the southern dts- \
trict of Alabama.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed und road -
a third time*, and, being engrossed, it way accord- ]
ingly read the third time, and passed. i
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest !
that tho bill and report had better be printed, as i
it is a report from the Court of Claims; and, if i
not printed, it would break the series—all other ■
reports from the court having been printed. ;
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Very well, sir; \
I move that the bill and report be printed. !
It was so oidered. !
nancy m. johnson. j
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the Com- }
mittee of Claims, leported back with a recom- :
mendation that it do pass, bill from the Court of j
Claims (No. 89) for tlie roiief of Nancy M. John- j
son, administratrix of Walter Ii. Johnson, de- j
ccased. |
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I will state to ]
the House that this reportof the Court of Claims
wns unanimous. The report covers two bills,of
which this is one, allowing an equal aum to two
different parries. I hnvo examined the report, and
am safisiii'd that the chum is just; and it will
probnMy save time if the bills are put upon their
passage now.
The bill which was read directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Nancy M. Johnson,
administratrix of Walter R. Johnson, the sum of
in full, for the services of the said Walter
it. Johnson, a member of the board of exam-
iners appointed by the Secretary of the Interior,
uod-.r the provisions of an act of Congress ap-
proved Maich 3, 1S43, entitled an "Act to mod-
ify nn act to provide for tho better security of the
lives of passengers oil board of vessels propelled
in whole or m part by steam," approved July 7,
185S.
Tho report was then read.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engiossed and read a tlnrd time; and, being
engiofa&td, was accordingly read the thud time,
and passed.
emily c. jones.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, also, from the
same committee, reported an act (C. C. No. 90)
for the relief of Emily O. Jones, executnx of
Thomas P. Jones, deceased.
Mr. MARSHA LL, of Illinois. I will say that
this bill is included in the report which was read
upon the consideration of the last bill. It is a ease
involving the same principles and facts precisely.
I ask that it may be put on its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed,and read a third time; and,being
engrossed, was accordingly read the third time,
and passed. .
thomas allen.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I am instructed
by the Committee of Claims to report back the
bill (C. C. No. 87) for the relief of Thomas Allen,
with a recommendation that it do pass. The
committee are unanimous in their report; but as
it involves a larger amount than the bills just
passed did, it had better, perhaps, go to the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen--
dar, and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
david myerle.
Mr. ARNOLD, from.the Committee of Claims,
reported back Senate bill (No. ]20) for the relief
of David Myerle; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar, and, with the report, ordered to be printed.*
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, had leave to submit.a minority report
in the above case, to be referred with the bill,
and ordered to be printed.
captain j. h. estes.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution to authorize the Post-
master General to settle the accounts of Captain
J. II. Estes, upon principles of equity and justice;
and asked that U might be put on its passage.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. 1 think that-
bill ought to go to the Committee of the Whole.
I also, in that case, desire to submit a minority
report. I have not yet prepared it; but if there
be no objection, I move that the bill be referred
to a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar,and, with the report, be printed;
and that the minority also have leave to submit
their views, to be referred with the biiland printed.
There being no objection, the motion was re-
ceived and agieed to.
presbyterian church of hanover.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the corporation of
the First Presbyterian Church of'Scotland at
Hanover, New Yorktown, Westchester county,
New York; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole Lfouse on the Private Calendar,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
a. c. davenport.
Mr. MOOR.E, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of A. C. Davenport;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House on the Pii-
vate Calendar, and, with the report, ordered to be
prsntcd.
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, had leave
to submit the views of the minority of the com-
mittee in the case of George T. Knight, reported
some days since, to be referred with the bill an'd
printed.
society op friends in indiana.
Mr. COBB. I am instructed by the Committee
on Public Lands to report back Senate bill (No.
46) granting the right of preemption in certain
lands, tr> tho Indiana Yearly Meeting of the So-
ciety of Friends. The committee are not able to
sec the necessity of making a particular excep-
tion m this case, and therefore report adversely
thereon. I move that the bill be laid on the table,
and (he committee be discharged from the further
consideration thereof.
Tlie motion was agreed to.
committee discharged.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, it was
Oniric!, I'nat the Committee on Public Lauds be dn-
chat«eu fiom the fiuther coiwdoiatiou of petitions otciti-
ZPriu of Lake count}, Ohio, and of Maiy ripenccr and
otheis, of New Yoik; ot'a bill (1-1. R. No. 677) to arant bounty
land to the company ot Captain* Britton and Dav^, m the
warofJ812; andot a bdl (H. R. No. 360) to extend the pro-
visions of a chimin act granting bounty land to certain offi-
cers and soldieis m the military service of the United States;
and that the same belaid on the table, and, with the repous,
printed.
william yearwood, sr.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported a bill for the lehef of
William Yearwood,sr., of Tennessee; which was
read u first and second time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, i ask that the bill be
put upon its passage.
