1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1599
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs.Crawford, Stanton, and Faulk-
ner managers of said conference on the part of
the House.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask that, by
unanimous consent, the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the Post Office appropriation bill be taken
from the Speaker's table, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GROW. I understand that the Senate
have put an amendment on that bill increasing the
rates of postage. 1, therefore, object, because the
Senate has no power, under the Constitution, to
originate a revenue bill.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] a short time
since, submitted a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the mail steamer appropriation bill was
yesterday laid upon the table. I desire to call up
that motion now, in order that, if it shall prevail,
the bill may be put upon its passage,after I shall
have submitted an amendment. Jf, however, it
be the pleasure of the House to make no appro-
priations whatever, to pay for the mail service
which has been performed, and which will be per-
formed during a portion of the next fiscal year,
under existing contracts, the responsibility will
rest with the House, and not with me. I call up
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. RITCHIE, i demand the previous ques-
tion on that motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the vote by which the bill was laid on the
table was reconsidered.*
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
bill Upon the tabic; and, being put, the House re-
fused to lay the bill upon the table.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended that the enacting words
of the bill be stricken out.
The question being on agreeing to this recom-
mendation,
Mr. PflELPS, of Missouri demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the House refused to strike out the en-
acting words of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I offer the fol-
lowing as an additional section to the bill:
Hj-;c.2. Be U farther enacted. That, for tho ti asporta-
tion of the mails by steamship fiom Nuw Orleans to San
Francisco, California, via Tehuan tepee, and back. Irom No-
vember 1, 1858. to June 30, 18j9, gIG6.G66 CO is hereby up-
ptopt iau>d ; p.tyable out of any money in the Tica^ury not
otherwise appiopnated. '
That amendment is merely to provide for an 1
amount, a portion of which is now due, and the !
residue of which will become due on the 1st of j
July next, for the transportation of the mails by j
the Tehuantepec route 1 have in my hand a i
letterfrom the Post Office Department, stating that, j
m submitting the estimates, they omitted this ;
amount. I have in my hand a letter from the j
Third Assistant Postmastei Genetul, from which |
I read the following extract: j
" Post Office Department, j
" February 28, 1859. |
<c Sir : I have the honor to state that the estimate* for j
the bervice of' the year ending June 30, 18u9, were sent to 1
Congress on the <Mth March, 18'SS, *ome tune beiore the Te- ;
huantcpcc contract made by the Depairmcut, and. of ;
coui^e, it was not embiaced in those et-ti mates, neither was ,
it corwdesed among the items pioducmg the deficiency in !
the year 1859. Tiieietore, special pioviMon should be made j
for that route from the commencement, on the 1st Novem- ,
ber last, to June St), 1859." I
The service commenced on the 1st of Novem- j
ber last, at the rate of $250,000 a year. If they !
continue to perform the service until the close of'
the present fiscal year, it will create a deficiency :
of £166,666 66 for the eight months of this fis- ;
cal yeai, which is the amount mentioned in this
amendment. I now demand the previous ques- j
tion on the engrossment and third reading of the !
bill. |
Mr. GAItNETT. I rise to a question of order. |
This amendment makes an appropriation; and I !
ask if it must not be first consideied in a commit- ,
tee of the Whole House ? i
The SPEAKER. It must, if the gentleman I
insists on his question of order. i
Mr. GARNETT. I do.
Mr. PlIELPS, of Missouri. Then I withdraw
my call for the previous question, and move to
suspend the rules, to etflble me to have the amend-
ment considered in the House.
Mr. BLAIR. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I would suggest
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that, ifhe had not moved in committee to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill, he could
have offered his amendment there; and some of
us, who desired to offer amendments, could also
have had Che opportunity.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will say to the
gentleman from New York, that I did not make
the motion in committee, but I voted against it.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor,) and the amendment was per-
mitted to be considered in the House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now demand
the previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordeicd.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act supple-
mental to the act for the admission of the State
of Minnesota into the Union; when the Speaker
signed the same.
Mr. DAVIDSON said: I desire to say, in this
connection, that, until the close of the session, I
expect to be so busily engaged in the examina-
tion of enrolled bills that 1 shall hardly be able to
come into the House; and I wish this explanation
to go on record as the reason why my name will
not appear when the yeas and nays are called.
MAIL STEAMER BILL AGAIN.
The question then recurred on adopting the
amendment offered by Mr. Phelps, of Missouri.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to move that
this bill be committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the main question
having been ordered.
Mr. II Afc>KIN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
Mr. OL1N. 1 call for tellers on the yeas arid
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Buffinton" were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
twenty in the affirmative—not one fifth of a quo-
rum.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were ord< red; and Messrs. Walbmdge,
and Craig, of Missoun, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 86, noes 56.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thiid tune; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri, demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. EDIE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 66, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adram, Ahl, Arnold, Barksdale, Ban,
Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Bovee. On<m. Caskie,
Clay, John Cochrane, Comma, Ct.wvinui Diumwk, Dmv-
dell, Edmundson. Elliott, English, Eumi-^. Foley, Garrett,
Gaitrell. Gieenwoo I, Gicss, Grover. Lawrence \V. Hall,
Ji,nch, How atd, lliu ler, Owm Jones, Jacob M.
Kunkel, Lainai, Landy, Leidy. Letcher, Maelav, MeJvib-
biii, McQueen, MeFne, Samuel S. ManOmii. Miie-j. Ed-
w<ud Joy Moms Niblack. Fejton, Julio S. l'lieip-*, VV d
ham VV.'lMvlp,, Powell, Reagan, Iteilly, Ritchie, Itu^ell,
Scott. Searing, Aaron Shaw, Jiid-ou W. Sheiman, Sniffle-
ton. Uoheit Smith, James A. Stewuit, Gcoige Tayku, Miles
Tavlor, Wuid. and Wafkiu-—GG.
X Atkins, fhn^ham, Clair, Bhsv. Biavton,
Bufhnton, Burlniganie, Burnett, Ua-e, Chalice, Chapman,
Ezra Cl.uk, lioiace F Clark, John B Claik, Coiid.\, Co-
nrin-«, Covode, James Cram, Cuiti<, Davi-> ol Mainland,
Davis of Indiana, iJ'ivjs of Mississippi, Davis, of Massachu-
setts, Dean. IHek.Dodd. Durfee. Edie, Faulkner, Florence,
Foster, Giddings, Giltnan,Gilmer, Giangei, Giow, IlarJan,
Haskin, Hickman, Hoard, Hopkins, Horton. Jewctt, Keim,
KelloggjKnapp,Leiter, Mason, Matteson,Maynard, Moore,
Morgan, Moinll, Isaac N. Morris, Oliver A. Morse, Mott,
Muuay, Olin, Parker, Petut, Purviance, Ready, Roberts,
Royce, Ruffin, Savage, Scales, Henry M.'Shaw. John Sher-
man, William Smith, Spinner, Stevenson, Talbot,Tappan,
Thayer,Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood,Vnllandigham,
Vance, Wade, Walbridge, VVaidron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Eilihn B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wood, Woodson, John V. Wright, ana Zolficoflfer—04,
So the bill was rejected.
Pending the call,
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary ^ notify-
ing the House that that body agreed to the con-
ference asked for on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on House bill (No. 889) to provide
for the care and preservation of the works con-
structed by the United States for bringing the
Potomac water into the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, for the supply of said water for all
governmental purposes, and for the uses and ben-
efit of the inhabitants of said cities; and had ap-
pointed Messrs. Brown, Clark, and Bright as
managers of said conference on its part.
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Gooch, had paired off on this question with
Mr. Winslow.
Mr. KELSEY stated that he had paired off on
this bill with Mr. Whitelet, who had gone to
dinner.
Mr. BURNS stated that he had paired off with
his colleague, Mr. Nichols.
Mr. SAVAGE, i want to vote for the bill, if
the postages only are applied to the payment of
the service, otherwise I will vote against it.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. DEAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the hill was rejected; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to take
from the Speaker's table the amendments of the
Senate to the Post Office appropriation bill. I
wish to have them referred to the Comthittee of
Ways and Means. If there be objection, I move
a suspension of the rules for the purpose I have
indicated.
Mr. GROW. I object. And, Mr. Speaker,I
raise this question of privilege. By the Consti-
tution it is provided that ail bills for raising reve-
nue shall originate in the House of Representa-
tives. Here is a bill making appropriations, and
not one for raising revenue. If it were to raise
revenue, and sent to the Senate, then that body
would have a right to amend it. I make the point
that it is a breach of the privileges of the House for
the Senate to send hero a bill raising revenue. It
has no power to originate anv such bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
question when the bill is before the House.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative; yeas 86, nays'50—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain. Ahl. Arnold, Barksdale, Barr,
Bifl)0[>, Bocock, Bonliairr, Bow'ie, Bifyce. Branch, Brjau,
Burneu, Burn*, Caskie, Cliaflee, John B. Clat k, Clay, John
Cochrane, Corning, James Ciaig, Ciavvtbsd, Davis <>i .Ylaiy-
land, Davis of Indiana, Dick, Bimmiek, Dowdell, Edmund-
son, Eu-uis, Faulkner, Florence, Gartrell, Gieemvood,
Crovt-r, Gregg, J^awience W. Hail, Hatch, Hill, Hodges,
lioiton, Houston, Howaid, Iluvlei. Jewutt, Owen Jones,
Lamar, Leidy, Loiter, Maelay, MeKibhm. McCiueen, Me-
Rae. .Samuel S. Maishall, Mason. Miie>, MornH, Isaac
N Morris, Niblack, John S Pheip-J, William W. Phelps,
Powell, Ready, Reagan, Ritchie, Rurhn, Unssell, Sandidge,
Scales, Searing, Aaron Shaw, iluny M. Shaw, Singleton,
Robert Smith, William Smith, Htalhvorth, Stevenson,
George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Vatiandighain, Vance, Ward,
White, Winslow, VVortendyke, John V. Wright, and Zolh-
eoffer—b6.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrew--, Blair, Bliss, Rrayfon, BufTm-
ton, Biirluigaitie, Ezia Clatk, Hoiaco F. Claik. Ootmrn,
Covode, Cuiti--, l)avis of Mississippi. Davi-* ol Ma>&aehu-
st'tis, Davi- of Iowa, Dean, Dodd, Hurfee, Foster, Giddm^,
Gilmei, Goodwin, Granger, Giow, Hajlan, Ha?-kin. Hoaui,
Konn, Kellogg, Lovejov, Maiteson, Morgan. Edwaid Joy
Moms, Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Olin, Falmei, iVttit,
Roberts, John Sherman, Jud>on VV. Sherman. Spumct,
Tappan, Tiiayet, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Walbr.u^e,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhliu B. Wa^hbuine, l& aei
Washburn, and Wood—50.
So the House refused to suspend the rul^s,
two thirds not voting in favor thereof.
Pending the above call,
iVJr. BuFFINTON slated that his coll^ag-ue,
Mr. Gooch, had paired off with Mr. Talbot,
until live o'clock.
Mr. WALDRON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Undeuwooo.
