1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded. 4
KIVERS AND HARBORS.
Mr. ANDREWS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of House bill No.
483, in reference to certain rivers and harbors.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
let us take a recess until seven o'clock. The gen-
tleman wilt -be entitled to the floor when the
House reassembles.
Mr. ANDREWS. I will have no objection, if
I retain the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Is it in order to
move that the House take a recess?
The SPEAKER. It is not, without a motion
to suspend the rules.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire the Sen-
ate's amendments to the Post Office appropriation
bill to be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
M r. GROW, i rise to what seems to me to be
a pi ivileged question. I offer the following reso-
lution:
IlcsolrcJi That House bill No. 870, making appropi i.itioiH
for deiraymg the cvpemorf of the Post Office Depaifment
for the yeai ending the yjib of June, 1850, with the Senate
amendments thereto, he turned to tin* Senate, a* the thu-
teonth suction of suni amendments in in the nature of a rev-
enue bill.
1 take it, that that involves the privileges of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no knowledge
of what is in the bill; and the House cannot
have.
Mr. GROW. Then 1 objec.t to the motion of
the gentleman from Missouri.
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. HATCH. I now ask unanimous consent
to have the Committee of the Whole on the state
of tin: Union discharged from the further consid-
eration of House bill No. 483, making appropri-
ations for the imptovement of certain rivers and
harbors.
Mi. McQJJEEN, I object.
Mr. HATCH. I move to suspend the iuIch;
and on that 1 demand the yeas and nays.
Mj. WASIIDURNE, of Illinois. 1 ask tin-
gentleman to include, in his motion, my substi-
tute for that bill.
CALL OF TUB HOUSE.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that there be a
call of the House; and on that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine,demanded tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffer
and Hoyce were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-five.
So the yeas arid nays were ordered.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope that, byunanimous
consent, the House will take a recess until seven j
o'clock. I
Mr. BRANCH. I hope we will have a call ofi
the House, and bring members here to attend to '
the public business. !
Mr. COVODE (at twenty minutes past four, j
p m.) moved that the House adjourn. j
The motion was not agreed to. ;
Mr. ADRA1N. I really hope that, by unani- j
mous consent, the House will take a recess. Let !
members get their dinneis and come back ic-
freshed.
The SPEAKER. 11 is objected to. ;
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 desire to make
this suggestion to the House: theic are Senate
amendments to the appropriation bills, which the
Committee of Ways and Means (icsne to exam-
ine. We ate not ready to lepoitthe amendments
at this time for consideration. I suggest that the ,
House take a recess till seven o'clock, that the
Committee of Ways and Means may, in the mean
time, examine the amendments.
Mr, CLAY, i suggest to the House that there
js other business to be attended to as well as the
public appjopnauon bills. If the Committee of
Ways und Mcans want to consult upon the ap-
probation bills, let them do so; but we have got ,
business now before us. I have been waiting
here for two weeks to get the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now move to
suspend the rules, in older that I may submit a
motion that the House take a recess till seven
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion already
pending'to suspend the rule*.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from a bill to which there will be no ob-
jection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH and others objected.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 hope the objec-
tion will be withdrawn to the request of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi.
Objection was not withdrawn.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
through Mr. Dickins, Us Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagieemg
1 votes of the two House-s on the bill making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
i judicial expenses of the Government for the year
| ending June 30, 18G0-
j CALL OK THE HOUSE.
! The question was taken on Mr. Greenwood's
'• motion that there be a call of the House; and it
! was decided in the negauve-ryeas 47, nays 84;
as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Bnrk^dale, Barr, Bishop, Bocock, Bon-
ham, Bowie, Branch, Br>an, Burn,, Ca>>Uic, Cavanaugh,
Iluiaee P.Clai 1c, John U.Clai k,Clay, Ja urns Cr<ti|!,Ctavv(ord,
Davisi of Indiana. English, Garnett. Gaitrcll, Gieenwood,
Oiegg, Grovet, Houston, lluj ler, Jenkins, Jcwett, Lamar,
Leidy, MeKibhtti, Met-iueen,Meltac, Miles. Niblaek, ttea-
eaii, Rutlin, Unwell, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stevcn.Hon,
Vultandijjliain, Wahhon, White, Whitdley, Window, John
V. Wiij ht, und ZolhcortVr—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Adumt, Bilhnghuidi, Bingham, Blair,
liliss, Noyce, Biayton, BuH'inton, lUiilinsjaiue, (Jhutfee,
Ezta Ci.irK, Collax, (.'ninins, Coining, Oovode, Bin ton
Cr.tiyi*, Cui lis, l)avi< o( Mississippi, Davis «f M i^aehn-eu^,
Duvh ol Iowa, Dean, Dinnmek, J)odd, Dowdell, Dmfee,
Edmmid^m, Euslis, Farusworih, Faulknei, Kenton, I'lor
encc, Foil-}, Koj>tei, Giddm^-, Gdnur, Good), Gtow, Law-
rence W. liall, Hawkins, Hill, IIo(i  ;*, Howard, Owen
Jones, Keim, Kellogg, Leiehei, M.bon, Mhucmhj, Moore,
Moigau, Edward Joy Moms. Isaac N. Mom-, Kieeman H.
Paikur, 1'eUit, William W. Phelps, I'lnlhp^, Pike,
Bottei, l'urvi.ince, Roberts, Sandidge, Savage, Scales. Scar-
ing, Aaion Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Ju(Non W\ Sheunan,
Shoitei, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Willi.nn Siewmt,
Mik"i Ta\ Joi, Thompson, TompUiiH, Undeiwood, Vance.
Wade, Walhiidge, Waul, Ellihu B. VVawhburue, Israel
Wuviihtnu, Wood, und YYortendyke—8-1.•
So the House refused to order a call.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. 1 desire to make a report from
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial appropriation bill. I will state
the substance of the report to the House.
The committee recommend that the Senate re-
cede from their amendment increasing the appro-
priation for contingent expenses in Kansas $5,000;
and also, from their amendment in relation to gold
bullion deposited in the mint at California.
The committee iccommcnd that the House
recede from its disagreement to the following
amendments of the Senate, and agree to the same:
The amendment providing for binding, and
other incidental expenses of the law library,which
makes no additional appropriation. *
The amendments restoring the estimates of the
Departments, and the recommendations of the
Committee ot Ways and Means, for labor at the
Philadelphia Mint, the New York assay office,
and the branch mints at San Francisco and New
Orleans, and the amendment to pay the city of
Washington for police for 1859-60.
The Committee recommend that the House
recede from its disagreement to certain amend-
ments of the Senate, which I will now explain,
and agree to the same with amendments. The
first is in reference to pay and mileage. There
was un amendment of the Senate to the House
bill providing for the mileage of the new Senators
from Oregon, to which the House disagreed. The
committee of conference recommend that the
House agree to thatamendment, with an amend-
ment restonng the mileage of members of the
House and Delegates for the next fiscal year.
There was also an amendment of the Senate dis«
agreed to by the House, providingfor the reorgan-
ization of the office of the Attorney General, and
for the appointment of an Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral., The committee recommend that the House
agree to that amendment, with an amendment
authorizing the appointment, not of an Assistant
Attorney General, but of an assistant in the office
of the Attorney General.
The seventeenth amendment of the Senate
authorized the payment to Governor Denver of
$2,200, which he had disbursed for contingent
expenses in Kansas, The House amended that
amendment by including some other Governors
of Kansas. It appeared from letters which were
before the committee that Governor Denver ac-
tually disbursed this preciseamountin the amend-
ment of the Senate. The committee, therefore,
recommend that the House recede from its amend-
ment to the amendment, and agree to the Senate
amendment.
The committee also recommend that the Sen-
ate agree to the amendment of the House, pro-
viding: for the House part of the Capitol police;
and that the Senate also agree to the amendments
of the House m reference to the public printing,
and the transfer of the office of Printer of either
House of Congress. 1 now move the previous
question on the adoption of the report of the com-
mittee.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. DEAN. I demand the yeas and nays on
agreeing to the report. I want to vote against it.
Mr. STANTON demanded tellers on tho yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now appeal to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Andrews]
to withdraw his motion to suspend the rules, and
let us take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. ANDREWS. I will withdraw my mo-
tion for the present.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to submit a motion
to take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. BOYCE. I object. There are a great
many Jittle matters that we might attend to while
the gentleman is in his committee room.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not make the
motion for my own personal convenience. More
than twenty members have requested me to make
it, I move to suspend the rules, to enable me to
submit the motion.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. Phelps's motion was agreed to.
And theieupnn (at four o'clock and forty-five
minutes, p. m.) the House took'a recess until
seven o'clock, p. m.
RVKNING SESSION.
The SPEAKER called the House to order at
seven o'clock, p. m.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, of Maryland,
the Committee on Patents was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of William
A. S. Cushman, and that leave be granted for the
withdrawal of the same from the files of the
House.
On motion of Mr. CAVANAUGH, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the papers in the case of A. L. Moore,
on leaving copies of the same.
TREATY WITH SWITZERLAND.
Mr. YALLAND1GHAM. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the follow-
ing resolution, calling for information upon a
subject affecting, as i think, the constitutional
rights of, and of much interest also to, a numer-
ous class of the citizens of the United States; and
