THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1859.
New Semes....No. 101.
which I propose, in the next Congress, to debate
at length. I trust there will be no objection.
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate, if not incompatible with the public interests, any cor-
respondence between the United States and Switzerland
relating to that clause m the treaty between the two coun-
tries which discriminates against the privileges of citizens
of tile United States holding to the Hebrew faith and wor-
ship, visiting or sojourning in Switzerland.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
Mr. ANDREWS. I now call up my motion
for a suspension of the rul£b,to take up ahd con-
sider House bill (No. 483) for the improvement
of certain rivers and harbors.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
make an appeal to my friend from New York to
withdraw his motion. Nobody in this House
can doubt my friendship for the improvement of
our rivers and harbors. I would be glad to see
the substitute which I have reported from the
Committee on Commerce passed by this House.
But, sir, there are a great many public and pri-
vate questions pressing upon us which may be
passed; and, as it is now impossible that this bill
can be passed, I would put it to him and our
friends in the House whether it would not be
better to withdraw the motion he has made. It
is impossible for the Senate to act upon it.
Mr. ANDREWS. This, Mr. Speaker, is as .
important a question as has come before this Con-
gress. It concerns the great commercial interests
of the country. I think that it is the duty of Con-
gress to see to the improvement of our rivers and
harbors. Yet, sir, while this is so, I cannot re-
sist the appeal made to me by the gentleman from j
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] who has reported a i
bill for the object I have in view, and which is
urged by my friend, and the friends of this meas-
ure on both sides of the House, whose fidelity to
it cannot be doubted. However reluctant I may
be to admit the fact, yet so it is, palpable to us
all, that in the present crowded condition of the
public business, with most of the appropriation
bills still pending, and but a few hours left in
which to pass them, there can be very little hope
for the passage of any river and harbor bill at this
session. I withdraw my motion; but I do it with
regret. 1 would not withdrawit if there wereany
reasonable belief that time was remaining in which
it could be passed, and the further dilapidation of
these public works be arrested.
MRS. JANE TURNBULL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the i
unanimous consent of the House for leave to the :
Committee on Invalid Pensions to report back
Senate bill (No. 229) for the relief of Mrs. Jane
Turnbull. It is for the relief of the widow of a
man who was one of the bravest and most merito-
rious officers of the United States Army.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, made an objection,
but subsequently withdrew it.
There was no objection.
The bill was reported to the House.
It authorizes and directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Mrs. Jane Turn-
bull, widow of the late Colonel William Turn-
bull, upon the pension roll, at the rate of twenty
dollars per month from the 10th December, 1857,
for and during her natural life.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to know whether
theve is a quorum present to pass this bill ?
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I move that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. ED1E. On that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig of
Missouri, and Edie were appointed.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 20,
noes 102.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
101
Mr. BONHAM. I was not present when that
bill was considered in the Committee on Military
Affairs; but I understand that strong objection
was made to it in committee, and that they re-
ported adversely upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was re-
ported unanimously by the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, which had charge of it.
Mr. BONHAM. I would like to hear the re-
port read.
Objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers on the passage of the bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edie, and
Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 93, noes 22.
Mr. BONHAM called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire to inquire whether
the Committee on Invalid Pensions reported that
bill unanimously?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They did
report it unanimously.
J\Ir. GARTRELL. I understand from the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. BonHam]
that the Committee on Military Affairs had that
bill under consideration, and reported adversely
upon it.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. I hope the report will be
read. A good many of us have just come into
the House, and do not understand anything about
it. *
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must ob-
ject.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alii, Arnold, liarr, Blair, Bowie, Bray-
ton, Bulfinton, Biirhugame, Burn*, Ca*e, Cavanaugh, Chaf-
fee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Koiace F. Clatk.John H.Clark,
dawson, Clay, John Cochrane, Colfax, Coinms, Comma:,
Covode, Cragin, James Craig. Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts Dawes, Dunmiek,
Dodd, Elliott, Farnswoith, Fenton, Florence, Foster. Gar-
trell, Gilhs, Oilman, Gooeli, Goodwin, Greenwood, Gregg,
Grover, Grow, Lawrence VV. flal!, Robert B. Hall, Hatch,
Hickman, Hoard, Hortori, Hughes, Keini. ICelsey, Knapp,
Landy, Leach, Lovejoy, Maclay, McICibbin. Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maynard, Edward Joy Mor-
ris. Isaac N. Morris, Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A Morse,
Muriay, Nihlack, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, William W.
Phelps, Pike, Pottle. Pumance, Rcilly, ilobimis, Koberts,
Royce, Russell, Pandidge, Scott, Bearing, Reward, Judson
W. Sherman. Roheit Smith, Spinner, Tappan, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Wallindge, Waid, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Ellihu LI. Washbuine, Isiael Wash-
burn, Whiteley, Wood, and Woodson — 10:2
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Bliss, Bonham, Biyan, Burnett,
Cockenli, Curtis, Dewart, Durfee, Garneit, Italian, Hop-
kins, Houston, Jackson, George W. Jones, John lvunkel,
Lamar, Leiter, Letcher, McQueen, Miles, Millson, Moore,
Morgan, Nichols, Peyton, Powell, Ready, Pieagan, Ruflin,
Scales, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, William Smith,
Stanton, Stevenson, William Stewart, Talbot, Underwood,
Vallandigham, Vance, Waldiou; VVatkins, White, and Zol-
Iicoffer—45.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
an<l also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
* ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have a propo-
sition to make to the House. I notice thatalm^pt
every gentleman in the House is seeking the floor.
Now, I would inquire whether it would not be
better to place the names of members in a box,
and assign them the floor as their names are drawn
out, and let them submit their propositions in that
order? [Cries of "Agreed!"] I will state that
they may leave my name out; for I have no propo-
sition to submit. [Laughter.]
Mr. BARKSDALE, I object.
HARRIS AND EUTTERWORTH.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. T ask the con-
sent of the House to report back from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads Senate
bill (No. 237) for the relief of Arnold Harris and
Samuel F. Buttcrworth. I will state that the bill,
as I am informed, passed the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads in the Senate without
a dissenting voice. It passed the Senate unani-
mously. It came to this House, and was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads here, by which committee I was, without
opposition, directed to report it back to the House
and rccommend its passage.
Mr. CLAY. I object to the proposition of the
gentleman from Mississippi.
The bill was read. It provides for releasing the
claimants from a judgment entered against them
as the sureties of Mr. Kendall, late postmaster
at New Orleans.
Mr. KILGORE. I object.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi. Then I move
to suspend the rules.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Let the report be
read, that we may know what we are voting on.
The report was read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If permitted, I
will state briefly the merits of the bill, so that it
may be properly understood by the House. The
gentlemen for whose relief the bill is intended,
were sureties for Mr. Kendall, who was the post-
master at New Orleans. Charges were preferred
against Mr. Kendall for malfeasance in office.
He was removed from office, and indicted. After .
several trials, the jury brought in a verdict of not
guilty. The sureties demanded an account of
his defalcations from the Government, declaring
their readiness to pay the amount without com-
pulsory process. The amount claimed by the
Government was §10,500; and they voluntarily
paid that sum. Subsequently, it was discovered
that there was an error m making up the accounts
of the delinquent postmaster, and that there was
a further sum of $5,500 due. But, in the mean-
time, Kendall had left the country, and removed
his property beyond the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States. Thus, by the laches of the Govern-
ment, these sureties were deprived of the chance
of making their principal responsible; and all
they now ask is to be discharged from their lia-
bility to the Government for this $5,500.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the gentle-
man to state whether the Governmentdid not con-
fess that the error occurred by reason of the in-
temperance of their clerk ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. They did.
Mr. HOUSTON. Have the rules beon sus-
pended :
The SPEAKER. They have not.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I object to debate.
Mr. STANTON. I ask that the letter of the
Postmaster General be read.
The letter was read.
The question being on the motion to suspend
the rules,
Mr. HICKMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for fellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for tellers
on the question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Underwood,
and Washburne of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-seven, not two thirds of a quorum.
So the rules were not suspended.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the unanimous consent,
of the House to offer the following resolution,
which is in the usual form:
Resolved, That tile several committeesof the House have
.power to file with the Clerk their respective reports, and
that the same be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
resolution.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I would inquire if that
would include bills?
The SPEA KER. The Chair thinks it would.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to suspend the rules,
to enable me to submit th# resolution.
