1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
they discharge their duties properly to the coun-
try unless they have cleiks. But what objection
is there to the employment of boys as clerks, if
they come up to the standard of personal, phys-
ical, and intellectual qualification? and suppose a
relative is appointed ? What does the Bible say ?
Is not he who does not provide for his own house-
hold worse than an infidel? t
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not under-
stand that this resolution is before the House
until the Chair decides whether it is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules the resolu-
tion in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I presume that the right of
petition is not to be denied; and I take the ground
that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
is the very last man upon earth who should deny
to any poor clerk the right to petition Congress
for compensation for the services which he ren-
dered. As a generous gentleman, as he is, Mr.
Jordan not only asked for compensation for him-
self, but for the other poor clerks who have been
living in this extravagant place from the com-
mencement of Congress to the present time. If
the Committee of Elections do not want a clerk,
is it to be presumed that the very excellent, the
very consistent, the very economical gentleman,
who is its chairman, would ask for a clerk?
But it is said that boys have been employed as
clerks. Now, sir, I do not know why a boy can-
not perform the duties of a clerk as well as a man.
If the gentleman knows of any boy being em-
ployed as clerk, let him intimate to the House
who he is. Then we can determine whether that
clerk lacks competency, and whether he does not
come up to the Jelfersoman standard, of being
honest and capable and faithful. If not, I will
be the first man in this House, if I can get the
floor, to move that the committee dispense with
liis services, and that a man shall he appointed
who will come up to that standard.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no ob-
jection to the Committee on Military Affairs being
allowed the privilege to employ a clerk. I have
no doubt that that committee deserves a clerk, and
I will endeavor to obtain a clerk for them. But,
sir, we have seen enough of the irregular mode re-
sorted to of forcing upon Congress the necessity
for making appropriations. Here are gentlemen
who come and intrude themselves upon the com-
mittees of the House by the consent, or without
the consent, of the committees, and who make
that unlawful intrusion, before the House has
given its consent, the pretext, the basis for a pe-
tition to us for the creation of an ofiiee to give
them a salary. Can that petition be introduced
here in that irregular way, and referred to a com-
mittee that has not proper control of the subject ?
Can that committee here, under such a state of
things, report provisions creating offices for a
number of persons? I think that the whole thing
is wrong, irregular, improper, and leading to the
establishment of a dangerous principle, that ought
to be scouted from this House by men who are
looking to economy and retrenchment. Wluu
sort of economy is this ? What sort of a load is
the Democratic party already bearing, and how is
such action as this to bear upon the public mind ?
Now, I will assist thegentleman from Virginia in
getting a clerk for his committee, and will enable
any other gentleman to get a clerk for any com-
mittee that needs a clerk. What I object to is the
manner in which this thing is now proposed to be
done. When it is done, I want it done openly.
I want the sanction of the House before the in-
trusion of a clerk into a committee-room is made
the pretext for a petition, in order to force the
House to give him a salary.
Mr. FAULKNER.. Mr.Speaker,I cannotsee
or appreciate the objection of the gentleman from
Texas to the mode in which this matter has been
brought to the consideration of the House; the
only object being to test the sense of this House
whether they will allow certain committees here-
tofore allowed clerks, clerks for the present ses-
sion. This proposition was submitted ihe other
day by the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, [Mr. John Cochrane,] and it was then
ruled to be out of order, because the subject was
not within the jurisdiction of that committee. The
technical objection was taken, and the effort to
get at the sense of the House was accordingly
frustrated. Now, the sole purpose of this reso-
lution is to place it within the powerofthe House,
without objection from a single gentleman over-
ruling the matter, without any technicality to in-
terfere, to say what is its decision on the subject.
The whole object of the proceeding is to bring
the question before this body, and to let it determ-
ine whether these committees shall have clerka
or not. I merely desire to read, before I set down,'
the names of the committees which will be entitled
to clerks under this resolution. They are the
Committee on Military Affairs, the Committee
of Elections, the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee
on Territories, the Committee on Commerce, the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and tfie Committee on Public Lands. Those are
the only committees which would be entitled
under that resolution. I call for the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit the ques-
tion to the Chair that this is not such a private
bill as is contemplated by the rule, or such as
would give it the preference to-day. I understand
the Chair to decide that the committee had juris-
diction of the question, and were therefore legiti-
mately authorized to report the resolution. I now
submit the further point of order, that this is not
a private claim, nor such a one as iscimteinplated
by the rules of this Ho.use, and forlRiich this
day is set apart. In fact, it is no claim at all; for
by the resolution we are now about to create the
claim.
The SPEAKER. The rule provides that Fri-
days and Saturdays of every week shall be set
apart for the consideration of private bills and
private business in preference to any other, unless
otherwise ordered oy a majority of the House.
The Chair is of the opinion thai the resolution is
properly before the House—that technically it is
properly before the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Is the motion that the
House resolve itself mto a Committee of the Whole
House 111 order before the call for the previous
question is seconded?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I submit that mo-
tion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Does the special
order, the Georgia and Alabama claim, come up
first in order in the Committee of the Whole
House 'to-day ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. DAVIS, of Illinois. If that is the case,
then 1 hope we will go into committee.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. What be-
comes of the motion to reconsider, which was
pendingat the adjournment yesterday, on the pre-
emption bill ?
The SPEAKER. It goes over. Private busi-
ness to-day takes the precedence of that motion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I withdraw
my motion to reconsider.
S. F. HOOKER.
On motion of Mr. HOARD, it was ordered
that the Court of Claims be requested to return
the papers in the case of Samuel P. Ilooker, and
that they be referred to the Committee of Claims.
TARIFF.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask leave
to present resolutions from the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, in relation to the tariff. I move
that they be laid upon the table and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Had they not better be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means ?
Objection was made to their introduction.
ALABAMA AND GEORGIA CLAIMS.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the question to be
put on my motion to go into a Committee of the
Whole House.
The question was taken; and it was agreed to;
there being, pn a division—ayes one hundred and
one, noes not counted.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Privfte
Calendar, Mr. Sherman, of Ohio, in the chair.
The Chairman stated the question first in order
to be the special order; which was a bill (H. R.
No. 367) to provide forthe examination and pay-
ment of ccrtain claims of citizens of Georgia and
Alabama, on account of losses sustained by dep-
i redations of the Creek Indians, on which the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Leitek] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me until I give notice of an amendment
which I propose to offer. - • •
Mr. LEITER. I yield for that purpose. ; ,
Mr. CRAWFORD. I call the attention, of the
committee to the substitute which I shall propose
for the second section of the bill now under con-
sideration. I send it to the Clerk's desk, that it
may be read for the information of the House. I
hope gentlemen in favor of the bill will accept it
as a modification of the bill.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War be, and he is, authorized and required to settle the
claims of the citizens of the said States of Geoigia and Al-
abama for the losses aforesaid, as set forth in Executive
Document Wo. 127, referred to in the JusC section of this
act, upon satisfactoiy proof of the identity of the persons
therein entitled to the same: Provided, That the payment
to he made shall not exceed the sum of S34S>,1S0, less the
sunt paid heictofore to the said State of Georgia upon the
claim of tl. W. Jarna^an & Co.: Jlnd-provided further, That
said sum shall be in fuli satisfaction and payment for all
claims toi damages for property lost by the act of the Creek
! Indians in 1836, 1837, and 1838, or taken for Government
j use.
1 Mr. LEITER. Mr. Chairman, I shall now
ask the indulgence of this committee for a few
moments; for I think that in a short time I can
say all that is necessary to be said upon this bill.
But before I enter upon the discussion of the mat-
ter, I must be allowedto make a few remarks in
regard to the manner in which the proposition
was received, and the manner in which it was
treated, when it was first read in the Committee
of the Whole House. One objection ca.me from .
the gentleman fromWisconsin, [Mr.Washburn,]
which in my judgment is not a valid one. It is
an objeetiontwhich should not have been made
here, and an objection which should not have
been allowed to be made. That objection, how-
ever, was a very impotent one; that the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs had at one time considered
this bill, and had come to the conclusion that there
was no merit ill it. When the gentleman was
called upon for the evidence of that fact that he
could furnish to this House and the country, he
failed to furnish it. Now, sir, I take it that, the
action of a committee can only be brought to the
notice of the House by a report from that com-
mittee. That source is the only way we have of
knowing what was done in a committee. The
matter must be reported to the House. Any action
of a committee, or any proceedings before a com-
mittee, whether it be upon a memorial or upon
an y other matter, cannot properly reach the House
except through the channel of a report; and there
being no such report, we have no legitimate
means of knowing what took place in the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs on this subject, and
that gentleman should not have allowed himself
to make any such statement as he did.
If the Committee on Military Affairs differed
with the Committee on Indian Affairs in regard
to this question, why did they not report the re-
sult of their deliberations to this House ? That,
sir, is, in my opinion, a full and complete answer
to that part of the argument which has been made
against this bill, by that gentleman, on this point.
What, then, sir, is this bill? It appears fifom
the arguments of gentlemen, and from the evi-
dence read to the committee on a former occasion,
that in 1825 a treaty was made between the Uni-
ted States Government and the Creek Indians,
by which the United States became possessed of
all the lands belonging to the Creek nation in
Alabama and Geoigia, except certain reserved
lands that were to be held by the heads of Indian
families; but the Indians had aright to dispose of
these lands so reserved to white citizens. The
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] has
raised an objection to that treaty. He charges that
the Government of the United States defrauded
the Indians; and that, owing to this fraud on the
part of the Government, these depredations were
committed. And his argument is, that because
of that fact, the citizens of the United States who
have suffered from the action of the Government,
ought not to be paid for the losses they have sus-
tained. That, sir, it seems to me, is a most
extraordinary argument. Admit that the Govern-
ment acted wrongfully, and then deny the respons-
ibility of its wrongful acts, and thus esoape the
conseqiftnces incident to your action. I hold that,
