1602
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The question was taken; and the rules were sus-
pended.
The resolution was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference, on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
WILLIAM M. HARRISON.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House, to report from the
Committee of Claims a bill for the relief of Wil-
liam M. Harrison.
The bill was read for information. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury, in settling the ac-
counts of William M. Harrison, collector of cus-
toms for the port of Richmond, Virginia, to aliow
the said Harrison the sum of $3,503, the balance
missing of the money stolen from the custom-
house on the night of October 12, 1857, and the
further sum of $1,322 G8, being the amount of re-
wards paid by said Harrison, for the recovery of
the stolen money and the conviction of the thieves.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have not been
able to hear the bill read; but I am told that it is
the case of the robbery of the custom-house at
Richmond, in which the thieves were subse-
quently arrested here, and convicted, and, I be-
lieve, put in the penitentiary, and the money re-
covered. in such a case, 1 think the collector
• ought to be released.
Sir. MARSHALL, of Illinois. It is one of the
plainest cases that ever came before Congress.
JN'o objection being made, the bill was reported,
read a hist and .second time, ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. CASKIE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; artd also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MUS. FRANCES ANN M'CAULEY.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, obtained the floor.
Mr. P>ARlCSfe)ALE. lask the gentleman from
Missouri to allow me to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up Senate bill (No. 223)
for the relief of Mrs. ['Vuices Ann McCauley.
{Loud cries fiom all parts of the Hall of " Yes,
yes;" and " Agieed."]
Air. PHELPS, of Missouti. As it seems to be
the univeisal wish of the House that 1 should
yield for that case, 1 do so.
The bill was read for information. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Frances
Ann McCauley, widow of Daniel S. McCauley,
deceased, late consul general of the United States
at Alexandria, in Eujypt, $4,200, as compensation
ior judicial services performed by said D. fc>. Mc-
Cauiay, while hoWing said orifice, from August
J4, 1818, to October ;2G,
Alt. CLAY. I will not object to the taking up
of this bill, if a port of the Committee on Mil-
itaiy Affairs, in a similar ease, can be read. I
believe the claim to be against law.
Mr. 13ARI£yJ)ALE. 1 differ with the gentle-
man from Kentucky as to this claim. I believe
that this is a just claim.
Mr. DEAN. I object to the bill.
Mr. 1JA1LKSDALE. 1 move to suspend the
rules.
'The question was taken, and the lules were
suspended.
Mr. HARTCSDALE. 1 demand the previous
question.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the House will vote that
demand down.
Mr. BARKSDALE, I have no objection at
all to the report being read.
Mr. CLAY. 1 have no objection to the report
being read, if the gentleman will also permit an-
o1'< r icport from the same committee,involving
the same principle, to be read.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The report to which the
gentleman refers was upon another case.
Mr. CLAY. But involving the same principle.
I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Very well; let it be read.
1 have no objection.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw my motion to lay on
the table, if the reports can both be read. It will
not consume five minutes.
Mr. MORGAN. I objefct.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, I would
like to inquire of the gentleman who reported this
bill whether this claimant is the administratrix of
this deceased officer?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I will state that the bill
is for the relief his widow. &
Mr. CLAY. If both reports cannot be read, I
must insist on my motion to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I have not heard a word
about this matter, and I shall be compelled to vote
against the bill, because I do not understand any-
thing about it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not surprised
at it, considering the confusion which prevails in
the Hall.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman, in order to save time, that he will allow
the two reports to be read.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Very well; if the gen-
tleman will withdraw his motion to lay on the
table, I will withdraw my demand for the pre-
vious question, and allow the two reports to be
i read, remarking, at the time, that I do not see
j what possible connection the report which, the
I gentleman from Kentucky desires to be lead has
' with the question
j Mr. CLAY. Itinvolves the sameprinciple, pre- |
: cisely. 1 withdraw my motion to lay on the table, i
| Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not think it involves j
: precisely the same principle. The facts are cer- ;
| tainly different. I withdraw the call for the pre- j
j vious questioti, and now ask for the reading of the !
| leports.
! The reports were read, as follows:
] In the Senate, March 31, 1858.
i Mr. Foot made the following report:
j Tin; Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom was re-
i frired the petition of Frances Ann McCauley, widow of
! Darnel S. McCaulev, late United State* consul geneial at
' Ale.xundim, m Egvpt, praying compensation lor judicial
duties pcifoinied hy ifi husband tinder the act of Augu-t
II, 1848, have had Ihe same undei eonsidoiation, and now
icport :
It appeals, from the petition, that tlie late Daniel P. Mc-
Cauley was, on the Nth day of AugiM, 18-18, appointed con-
! sul geneial of the United States at Ale\andna, in Egypt, a
! poit belonging to, and u'lthin the lemtoriai hunts ot, the
! 'Pinkish Finpiie ; lh.it ho continued to hold lhal office and
pelloiin its dunes up to ihe nine of hi-, death, on the ;16iU
oi Oetobei, 18.">:2; tli.it, as consul general of the I'mied
States at that poll, certain judicial duties were devolved
upon him hy the act of Confess entitled u An act to rauy
into effort eeitani provisions in the treaties between the
United Slates and China and the Ottoman Poite, giving
certain judicial poweis to ministers and consuls ot the Uni-
ted States in those countries," approved August 11, 1818.
lu reply to a letter ol inquiry, adduced to luni hy the
commute*', the Secietary of State, under date of February
2, IB.'tH, suvs: '• That Mr. McCauley was consul during the
penod claimed, and that he poiloimed judicial services ju
thatenpaeitj, theiei- no doubt; but whether anysomce; oi
thai kind entitled the mini^toi or consuls <>t the United
States in the Turkish dominions to extia compensation .has
always been deemed questionable by tins Department, which
lias nevei .sent Congicss an estimate loi such compensa-
tion "
The performance of the services by Mr. MeUanJev, and
foi the tune claimed, is thus clearly established by the letter
of the Secretary of State. The only question, theroioie,
remaining to be considered, is whether, undei the act afoi e-
said ol ihe 11th of August, 1848, he is entitled to the com-
pensation asked tor.
Alter prescribing the nature and ehaiacter of the duties
to bo performed by the commissioner and consuls of the
United States in China, the eighteenth section ot the act
pro\ ides . " That, m consideration ot the duties herein no
posed upon the commisstonei, there shall be paid to Inm,
out of the Treasuiy of the United States, annually, the sum
o#$l,0U0, m addition to his salaiy ; and there shall also be
paid, annually, to each of said consuls, foi a like reason,
the sum of;$1,000, in addition to consular fees."
By die twenty-second section it is lurther provided:
" That the provisions of this act, so far a-s the same relate
to crimes committed by citizens of the United States, shall
I extend to Turkey under the treaty with the Sublime Poite
ol May 7, 18*30, and shall be executed m the dominions ot
! the Sublime Porte, m con foi mity with the provisions of said
! treaty, by the minister of the United States and the consuls
i appointed by the United States to reside therein, who ate
! heieby, ece utflu'o, vested with the powers herein contained,
1 foi the purpose? above expressed, so far as regaids the pun-
1 ishment of crime."
j Hy the twenty-fourth section it is fui tlier provided: *' That
; all .such officers bhall be responsible foi their conduct to the
' United States and to ihe laws thereof, not onh as diplo-
| matic functionaues and commeicial functionalles. but as
. judicial officers when ihey peifoim judicial duties, and shall
' be held liable foi all negligence and misconduct as public
1 officers."
From these several provisions of the act under consider-
ation, it is evident that the game class of duties and re-
sponsibilities aie alike devolved upon the diplomatic and
consular agents of both countiies , and, in the opinion of
the committee, it would seem to be but reasonable to sup-
pose that Congress intended to allovs*the same measure of
compensation to each. To determine otherwise would es-
tablish an unjust discrimination between public function-
aries performing the same duties and incuinng the same
responsibilities.
For these reasons, the committee are of opinion that the
claimant is entitled to the relief asked for, and report a bill
accordingly.
House of Representatives, March 12, 1858.
Mr. Clay, from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, made
the following report:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs,to whom was referred
Senate bill No. 1, entitled " An act for the relief of George
P. Maish,"" with instructions to procure from the State
Deprn orient mroimation as to the amount of money already
paid said Maish in consideration of services rendered by
him abioad, and lepoit ihe information .to the House,"
submit the following icport:
The information obtained from the Department of State
by your committee, in conformity with their instructions,
is contained m a paper tiled herewith, maiked A, and made
a pait of this repot t, being the general account current of
the said Geoige P. Maish, late minister resident to Turkey,
with the United States, in accordance to adjustments at the
Treasuiy.
The ichef which Senate hill No. 1 proposes to give to the-
said Geoigo P. Marsh is based upon two distinct grounds.
In the fiist place, the Seeretaiy of the Treasury is directed
to audit and settle the accounts of said Marsh, late minister
lesident ot the United States to the Ottoman Porte, for ad-
ditional compensation and expenses inclined by him m the
performance ot special seivices not pertaining to his mis-
sion, and at a point different from that to which he was ac-
credited, in compliance with instructions fiom the Secietary
of State : and m the second place, foi judicial set vices ren- ,
deied bj him undei the act ot August 11, 1S<18, entitled,
"An acttoe.my tnio effect cei tain provisions of the treaties
between tlie United States and China and the Ottoman
Poite, giving certain judicial powers to the ministeis and
consuls of ihe United Stales in ihese countries:" m set-
tling which accounts the Secietary of the Treasuiy is di-
rected to allow to the said George P. Marsh the sum of
$9,000, aseompensation for saidspeeial*yevvicep performed
in a mission to Greece, as well as the amount of his ex-
! petisCs meuried therein ; and the lurther sum of .§1,000 per
I ,111111101 is directed to be allowed him on account of his
I judicial services dining the penod of his mission to the
()ttoman Poite.
I Youi committee cannot recommend to the House to con-
cur with the Senate m the passage ot this act m its present
shape. It is bevond doubt that, m his said special mission
to Gieece, Mi. Marsh rendered valuable service to the coun-
tiy, toi winch, in justice and upon precedent, he ought Iff
leeeive compensation The question is, what amount lie
ought to be paid 5 Youi committee aie at a loss to under-
j stand upon what pnneiples the Senate has been able to li^
j tin! sum at $9,000 and c.\pcnsr.a uicuned.
i As niim-ter i opulent to the Ottoman Porte, Mr. Marsh
I was leceivmg ihe sum of §6.000 per annum as salary, to-
gether with slims coveiiug the incident.il expenses of his
nits-ion, which salaiy he continued to lecetvo during all
, the tune of Ins special mission to Greece. In consequence
ot being obliged, under the instructions of the Secretary of
i State, to pioeeed to Greece on that special mission, lie
! doubtless inclined considerable expenses, to cover which
, the sum of $2,1.">5 49 was allowed him in his settlement
! with the Tieasnty Department, aiJ whicli will appear by
| reieienoo to the general account, marked A. lie must have
! sustained consideiahle lo-^ by reason ol breaking up Ins es-
| tablishment neai the Ottoman Porte, and certainly per-
| founcd valuable seivirc beyond what was required of him
I as minister lesident neai that Goveinmftut. It is foV this
i loss, and this set vice. that lie is entitled to be paid.
| Youi coniniiitee are ot opinion that it piecedents can be
1 found settling the measuioo! compensation in similarea&erf,
it is fai safei to follow them than to lely upon any other
i mode of ascertaining the amount that ought lo be paid M'r.
i Marsh. Such pi eced< nts arc not wanting. Your comnut-
1 tee icier especially to the lecent cases of Sehenckainl
i of Pendleton, who were sent upon special missions to
i Uiuguavand I'ataguay. These gentlemen weie allowed,
i by the Department ot State, in the tiitt place, the expenses
they incurred, and afterwatds each of them claimed the
amount of an outfit to the court to which each was accred-
ited, which was allowed by Congress. Applying the rule
which seems to be established by these cases to that of Mr.
' Marsh, and winch, your committee are of opinion, would
' do ample justice to him, and he will be entitled to receive
| the siun of $t>,000. the amount of an outfit of a minister res-
; ident t© the. Ottoman Porte at the time he rendered the said
special &civices, he having already received the amount of
expenses inclined as aforesaid.
Your committer are further of opinion that Mr. Marsh
has no just claim to be allowed any sum for judicial ser-
vices during the penod of his said mission to the Ottiwnan
Poite. Mr .Marsh held the officc of minister resident from
May 29,18-19, to December 19, 1853. a perrod of foui years,
six months, and twenty days, arid tor all this time Senate
bill No. 1 proposes to allow lum at the rate of §-1,000 per
annum. Foi something more than one year of this time,
namely, fiom the Mih June, 1852, to the 5th July, 1853, Mi.
Maish was not in Turkey at all, but was m Greece, upon
the special mission above referred to, whilst another pei son
was actin<r near the Ottoman Porte as charge dvaff;uies.
Surelv it would be absuid to aliow bun any thing for judicial
seivices dining that time. But does the act of August 11,
Jbi8, entitle him to any compensation whatever loi judicial
service?? The case ot Mr Dabuey S. Cair is relied upon
as a precedent, but cannot b.e so eonsideied by youi com-
mittee. In his case the chaiiman of the then Committee
on Foreign Affairs, of this House, offered the following a?
an amendment to the civil and diplomatic bill of 1852:
