§20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
i£;'asthe gentlemen who oppose this bill say, the
Government acted wrongfully, the Government
is responsible in good faith, and according to fair
Sealing, for all the consequences resulting from
its wrongful act; and I shall be the last man who
will ever raise his voice against the payment by
this "Government of all damages resulting.from its
own;acts, whether those acts were right or wrong.
I say, therefore, that if the Government brought
th£s;ealftin)ty:ajid itsjoss of property upon those
persohs^it is not in the mouths of the enemies of
ifaisdnfl to take ground against the payment of
these losses sustained under the circumstances;
and to me it is exceedingly painful to see them
place themselves in such an unenviable position.
: -But, to go a little further on in the history of
thts:.ftiMter, we find that in 1832, another treaty
was made with these Indians, by which the In-
dians ceded all their lands east of the Mississippi
river to the United States Government, except j
certain reserved lands which they were author-j
ized to sell, and of which they soon divested '
themselves, and became a poor, miserable, wan- j
dering band of marauders. Now, sir, it is strange !
indeed, if the Government is not to be called on I
t£> pay these claims, if the facts, as detailed by !
tne opponents of the bill, are true. From 1832 i
to 1836, there was no particular difficulty between j
the Indians and the whitQ citizens; but, if I un-!
derstand the history of the case correctly, in 1836, |
when the Indians had divested themselves of all j
their lands, they commen&d their depredations .
upon the white citizens, and plundered them of !
their property. Now, sir, it was the business of
the Government to keep these Indians in subjec-
tion. According to the intercourse act, the citi-
zens had no rignt to raise a hand against these
Indians. And yet we are met here with the ar-
gument that one thousand and three American
citizens in the States of Georgia and Alabama
were driven from their homes by fifty Indians.
Why, sir, if there had been but ten Indians, the
citizens would have had no right, under the in-
tercourse act, to have raised a hand against them.
They were bound to look to the General Govern-
ment for eventual indemnity, or they would have
betrayed a want of confidence in the pledges of
the Government.
Now, sir, I agree with the report made by my
colleague on the Committee on Indian Affairs,
that these claims come clearly within the seven-
teenth section of the intercourse act; and 1 think
I cem shQW this committee that the Government
is bound to pay every dollar of the losses sus-
tained by these citizens. Let us see what the sev-
enteenth section is, and what action has been had
in regard to it, 1 will read the seventeenth sec-
tion of the intercourse act, although it has been
read hero before, because I think it important to
.the vieM^of the case which 1 take, that it should
again be brought to the attention of the commit-
tee. Before reading the section, however, I de-
sire to make this additional remark: that we had
a treaty of amity with these Indians at the time
these depredations were committed. I claim,
therefore, first, that this section covers the ground
of these claims, a*id I shall show afterwards that
the'Government has recognized these as valid
claims. The seventeenth section of the intercourse
act is as follows:
ei Sec. Ytr*Arul be it further enacted, That if any Indian
or Indians, belonging to any uibe in amity vvuh the United
Wtatc-*, Sslmll, within the Indian countiy, take or deal toy the
property of any person lawfully within such country, or
shall pa^s from the Indian country into any State or Tem-
tory inhabited by citizens of the (Tinted States, and there
take, stfi.il, or destroy, any hotse, horses, oi other propi-i ty,
belonging j,o any citizen or inhabitant of the United States, j
such citizen or inhabitant, ins representative, attorney, or [
agent, m.i> make application to the piopcr superintendent, j
agent, or sub-agent, who, upon being furnished with the ;
necessity documents and proofs, shall, under the dhection j
of the President, make application to the nation or tube to
which said Indian or Indians shall belong, for satisfaction;
and if such nation or tube shall neglect or refine to make
satisfaction, in a reasonable time, not exceeding twelve
months, it shall be the duty of such superintendent, agent,
or sub-agent, to make return of hi? doings to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, that such further steps may be
taken as shall be proper, in the opinion of the President, to
obtain satisfaction for the mjuiy; and. in the mean tune, m
respect to the property so taken, stolen, or destroyed, the
United States guaranty, to the party so injured, an eventual
indemnification: Provided, That, if such injured party, his
representative, attorney, or agent, shall, iu any way, violate
any of the provisions of this act, by seeking or attempting
to obtain puvate satisfaction or revenge, he shall ibileu aU
claim "upon the United States foi buch indemniiicntion: 'i
, «Aiul wovided, alto, That, unless such claim sha^ he pre- .
' sented within three years after the commission of the in- ;!
jury, the same"shaU be barred. And if thfc nation or tribe
to which such Indian may belong, receive an annuity from
the United States, such chum shall, at the next payment of
the annuity, be deducted therefrom, and paid to the party
injured 5 and, if no annuity id payable to such nation or
tribe, then the amount of the claim shalf be paid from the
Treasury of the United States: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall prevent the legal apprehension and
punishment-of any Indians having so offended."
Now, the question may be asked why these per-
sons did not at the time these depredations were
committed, apply to the President of the United
States, the Indian agent, or Indian sub-agent, for
remuneration by the Government. The best rea-
son why these gentlemen did not apply, is that
there was no such Indian agent or sub-agent
there. The Government of the United States had,
in solemn treaty made with the Indians, agreed
to keep Indian agents, or Indian sub-agents, or
some person through whom its business might be
transacted with these Indians. No such agent or
person was theie; and that is the reason why
these citizens could not obtain remuneration by a
compliance with the seventeenth scction of the
Indian intercourse act. Therefore, I say that the
claim upon the part of the opposition to this bill,
that these persons are not entitled to relief be-
cause thc^did not comply with the intercourse
act, like alPthe other arguments against this bill,
falls harmless to the ground.
Next, what view of the question did the Gov-
ernment itself take at the tune? Why, instead
of lequiring these claimants to go through all this
routine of obtaining affidavits and pioof to be pre-
sented to the Indian agents or sub-agents, Gen-
eral Jackson, the great man of that time—God
bless his memory!—always tenacious of the rights
of the people,called the attention of the Congress
of the nation to the calamity that had fallen upon
those American citizens. He submitted to Con-
gress the propriety of making reparation for the
injuries that had been done, and Congress
promptly responded to his recommendation.
A commission was appointed. For what pur-
pose } l-'or what purpose was it appointed, if it
was not intended the claim should be paid if these
f'itizons had a right to claim anything at our
hands ? Why appoint this commission, and why
go throuirh this foolish, trifling procedure, if no
purpose was to be served by it? It was not the
way business was dene at that time. The Presi-
dent of the United States saw that the Govern-
ment had not discharged its duty to the people of
that district; and .ready as thatgreatand wise man
was, always ready at all times to do justice to the
people, he recommended that this mode of pro-
cedure should bo adopted. In order to avoid all
the routine which had to be gone through with
in order to secure relief under the intercourse act,
the United States had the right to waive, and did
waive, the necessity of that routine, so that the
citizen could receive the b'-nefit of this legislation
by the simplest means. Then I say it was emi-
nently proper and statesmanlike to have t his com-
mission appointed to go tbeie. Instead of each
individual being obliged to make out a statement
of his claim, the Government had the right to
send the commission there, and m one job, in one
proceeding, settle the whole matter, and bring
the question clearly and fairly before the country.
The commission appointed by the Government
was sent out to investigate and ascertain how much
the people had suffered, and make their report.
They made their report; and now gentlemen deny
the obligation of the Government to pay. Since
that time, from year to year, this claim has been
pending, in one shape or another, before Congress.
Ith as received the sanction, from year to year,
of the committees to whom it has been inferred,
as the history of the legfslation of the country
proves; and yet, it has been one of these unfor-
tunate claims, involving the private interests of
citizens upon the Government, that for twenty
years never could get a hearing m tins House.
And there,again,the opposition claim the benefit
of their own wrongful acts in causing this delay,
and now plead it in bar. This case should have
been disposed of years ago. That it has not been,
was not because of a want of disposition on the
part of Government to pay, but because of the
difficulties by which they were surrounded in
doing business. Who can do anything here?
Every gentleman knows that it is next to impos-
sible even to reach a case in its regular order. I
have been almost surprised that we have suc-
ceeded in getting this bill into a condition where
we can have a hearing at all; that it should be in
a condition where a single objection should* not
defeat it.
It is claimed that this destruction of property
was the result of war; and that, therefore, the^
Government is not bound to indemnify the citi-
zen for property destroyed during war. I think
it is perfectly easy to prove that a war did not
exist with these Indians; but, sir, before I get
through, I intend to show that, even if we had a
war, this Government is bound to pay every dol-
lar claimed by these citizens. Put it in its very
worst aspeat; admit, if you please, that there was
actual war, and I maintain still that the Govern-
ment was bound to pay. If there was war, then
I claim that the Government is bound to pay for
the property of the citizens taken for the aid and
subsistence of our Army,which was the case here,
^as abundantly appears in the proof; and gentle-
men must know it if they have read the evidence,
which I have no doubt they did.- *
I take it that war cannot exist in theory; I take
it that war isa fact;that war must consist of such
a state of facts as include all or some of the inci-
dents of war. Now, I ask gentlemen who are
opposed to this bill to tell me if there was a war
at that time between the United States and the
Creek nation; when and where that war was de-
clared; for what purpose, and on account of what
grievance? Where was the first battle fought?
Who won or who lost the first battle ? Can any
gentleman tell me where it was that the army of
theUmted States and the army of the Indians were
arrayed in hostility against each other ? Can they
tell me where a single soldier or Indian was killed
in battle in that war? Why, it must have heen
a most extraordinary war where there was nobody
killed and nobody hurt, and where there was no
declaration of war and no peace was made?
And yet we are told that there was a war, and
that, therefore, the Government is not bound to
indemnify citizens for losses sustained during
those troubles with the Indians. If it be proved
to me that these troubles with the Indians in
Georgia and Alabama amounted to a war, I will
have learned so much that I never knew before.
It is compared by some gentlemen with the Black
Hawk war. Why, as I understand it, there was
fighting in the Black Hawk war. Did not the
Army of the United States go to the scene of
operations, ajid attack the Indians, and defeat
them ? Was not there fighting there between the
soldiers and the Indians? Certainly there was.
There was an incident of war m that case. But
as to this war in which there was no fighting, or
attempt at fighting between the United States and
the Indians, 1 say it was no war at all; and all
your arguments on the war basis must fall harm-
less and without effect before this committee. In
my judgment all intelligent, investigating men
must come to the conclusion that there was no
war, because the circumstances connected with
this case lack all the incidents of a war.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the action of the Govern-
ment itself is conclusive on this question. Gov-
ernment has paid to the citizens of Georgia a
portion of'these very assessments made by the
commissioners. The sum of $21,000, or there-
abouts, was paid to the State of Georgia, being
| the claim of Jarnigan & Co., who was m the list
of these other claimants. Why should Govern-
ment have paid this claim if it was not a justand
proper one ?
But, Mr. Chairman, there is another point
which deserves the attention of the committee,
and it is this: The Government of the United
States paid to the friendly Indians ^80,000-for
property of theirs that was destroyed on the same
occasion. Now, I should like to know from some
gentleman how much better an Indian is than a
white man; and how much more right an Indian
should have than a white man ? If it was right
to pay the Indians for property destroyed for
them, is it not right and proper that the white
man, the American citizen, should be paid also
for his property destroyed under the very same
circumstances for him ?
But there is still another argument that is urged
against this bill; that is, that the property de-
stroyed and stolen by the Indians was not the
property of these claimants, but of a portion of
the Indians themselves.
It was said in the outstart of the argument on
