1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
"To compensate Dabney S. Carr for expenses incurred
whilst m thedipIomatn?Wrviee of the country, to be allowed
in the settlement of his accounts with the Government,
It is true, that, in die debate upon this amendment, the
chairman of the committee stated that, hy a law of Con-
gress, the Minister to Tuikey was allowed an extra salaiy
of$l,000 per annum for judicial seivices. defined by the act
of the 11th August, 1848. It may likewise be true that hid
statement had great influence upon the passage of the
amendment, but the amendment itself does not show, or
pretend to show, that any part of the bum allowed to Mi.
Carr was for judicial services. If the chairman of tho com-
mittee thought, as no doubt he did, that the act of 1848 in-
tended to give the same compensation to the minister at
Constantinople for judicial services as it clearly did intend
to give to the commissioner to China, and to certain con-
suls to different paits of that empire; and if the House was
induced, by the simple expiession of his belief, to give to Mr.
Carr $1,000 per annum, as, indeed, appears to have been
the case, your committee can only say, that, in their judg-
ment, a case renting, and resting alone, upon such fact,
cannot be considered to be a sufficient precedent to author-
ize them to construe the act of 1848 against what is their
belief of its true intent.
The act of 1848 gives to the commissioner and consuls in
the Chinese empire ceitain judicial poweis m civil as well
as criminal cases; and in section eighteen fixes the amount
of compensation for the performance of said judicial duties
at $1,000 per annum, la the twenty-second section the
same poweis are conferied upon the minister and consuls
to Turkey, so far as theyielate to crimes committed by cit-
izens of the United States; but no reference is made in that
section, or in any othoi section of the bill, to any additional
compensation, foi the exeicise ofsuch powers, beyond their
ordinary salary as minister and consul. In the opinion of
your committee, it could only be a forced construction of
the act of 1848 which would authorize them to recommend
the allowance of $1,000 per annum to Mr. Marsh for judi-
cial seivices whilst minister lesident at the Ottoman Porte
—a construction which would as well apply to his success-
ors and to all the consuls m Tuikey, entailing an expend-
iture of thousands of doliurs upon the Government without
any positive law.
iSnteitaun'nK these views, your committee recommend
that the said Senate bill No. 1 he amended by staking out
the words ♦•nine thousand," in the twenty fn.-t line, and
in-ci tmg in lieu theieof the woid* " six thousand and by
sinking out all that portion of the said bill commencing at
the woid " and," m the twenty-smli line, and ending with
the woid k> roue,"5 at the thntj'-fir<t line—being the por-
tion of said bill which makes an allowance of §1,000 per
annum for judicial services during the period of the mission
of the said George P. Maish to the Ottoman Poito.
And your committee, having fully lepoitcd. beg to be
discharged from the further consideration of the subject.
Mr. BARKSDALE demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BARKSDALE demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CLAY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. DEAN demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays.
'tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Underwood
and Burlingame were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 38, noes 105.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (more than
one fifth voting in favor thereof.)
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain,*Ahl, Andrews, Arnold,
Barksdale, Bingham, Bowie, Bravton, Buflinton, Burlin-
game, Bums, Ca.sc, Cavanaugh, Ezra Clark, John B.Clark,
Claik B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax. Comins, Corn
ing, Ciagin, James Craig, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis, of Iowa, Dawes, Dimmick, Elliott,
l^nglish, Fainswoith, Fenton, Violence, Foley, Foster,
Gilhs, Gilman, Greenwood, Giover, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Hatch, Hawkins., Hoaid, llodseslloiton, Howard, Iluyler,
Owen Jones, Keiin. KeNi-v, Kilgore, John C. Kunkei, La-
mar, Landv, Leidy, McKibbiu, Samuel S. Mar&hail, May
jiaid, Morgan, Mon ill, Edward Jov Moiris, J&aac N. Mom*,
Oliver A. Morse, Munav, Niblack, Nichols, Olm, Palmer,
Parker, Pctfeit, William \V. Phelp>, Phillips. Pottle, Purvi
nnce, Ricaud, liohbins Robeits, Ruffm, Rins-cII, Scott,
Judson W. Sherman, Singleton, Robert Smith. Samuel A.
Smith, Spmnei, William Stewart, Tappan,George'J'avlor,
Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Walbiidge,' Ward.Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washbume, Isiael Washburn,
Watkins, Wlnteley, Wmslow, Wood, Woodson, Augustus
It. Wright, and Zolhcoflei—100.
NAYS—Messis. Atkins, Aveiy, Bonham. Branch, Claw-
pon, Clay, Cuckeiill, Ciawibid, Dean, Dowdell, Durfee,
E{lmund>on.Garnert,Gaitre;i, Giddmgs,Giegg, Crocsbeck,
Ilarlan, I-Iickman. Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jewett, Gcoige W.Jones, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkei, Leach,
Loiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, Maclay, McQueen, fiumphrej-
Marshall^ Matteson, Miles, Milbon, Moor^, Molt, Pendle-
ton, Peyton, Ready, Reagan, Sandidge, Seward, John Sher-
man, Shoiter, William Smith. Stevenson, Talbot, Under-
wood, Vallandtgham. Vance, White, and Wortendyke-r56.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the above call,
Mr. SHAW stated that Mr. Scales was absent
on a committee of conference.
Mr. BOYCE ask^tl leave to vote, not being
within the bar when his name was called.
Objection was made.
Mr. BOYCE stated that he would have voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved that the
House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported back the
Senate amendments to the Navy appropriation
bill; which were referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
' itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, in the chair.)
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 move that the
committee proceed to the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the Navy appropri-
ation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope that, by
unanimous consent, delate will be limited to five
minutes.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object. I will
give my consent to nothing.
! Mi. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then, I move
that the committee rise.
i The motion was agreed to.
| So the committee rose; and the^peaker hav-
| ing lesumud the chair, Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see, reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally underconsideration, and
particularly the amendments of the Senate to the
Navy appropriation bill,and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I submit the usual
resolution, that tiie debate in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Navy appropriation
bill be closed within five minutes after their con-
sideration shall be resumed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
House adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 5,
noes 130.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, demanded tellers.
Tellers wore not ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nuys were not oidered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Phelps, of Missouri, to terminate debate; and it
was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
IJtrnse resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of tho Senate's amendments to the Navy
I appropriation bill.
First amendment:
Inseit a« follows:
For the payment of officers restored to the Navy under
th-e piovifeions «>t the act of Januarj 16,18.V7, during the pe-
riod of their retirement or suspension, §62,394.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend concurrence in
the amendment. I have here a letter from the
Navy Department, stating the sum named in this
amendment as the sum that will be necessary for
this purpose. The appropriation js based on tho
section of a law,entitled, "An act to amend an act
entitled, 'an act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy,' " passed 16th of January, 1857, declaring
that ail officers restored to the active-service list
should be entitled to draw the same pay they were
drawing at the time they were restored, for and
during the time of such retirement. A portion of
the officers, who were retired by the naval board,
were subsequently restored by the President, by
and with the consent of the Senate; and this
amendment is to give them their back pay.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis of
Mississippi, and Nichols were appointed."
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
res 103, noes 25.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Insert as follows:
For the payment of the charter of vessels for the Paraguay
expedition, for nine months, $173,700.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. ROCOCK. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senate:
After the word " charter," insert the words, " or pur-
chase," and add the following pi oviso:
Provided, That if the said vessels shall not be purchased,
no more shall be used of the sum herein appropriated than
may be necessary to pay for the charter of said vessels, at
the rate agreed on, for such time as they may be employed
by the Government of the United States.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In acting on the
amendment, the Committee of Ways and Means
instructed me to recommend the House to non-
concur; but we were informed that an estimate
had been submitted to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, recommending a change of this appropri-
ation, and providing for the purchase of these
vessels. I merely make this explanation, as being
in accordance with the action of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I desire to in-
quire if that amendment is designed to give tho
Secretary of the Navy power to purchase these
vessels, in accordance with the recommendation
contained in his report?
Mr. BOCOCK. That is the purport of my
amendment. I wish to make an explanation about
it to the committee; and I ask the attention of the
gentleman from New York, and of every other
gentleman who takes an interest in the subject,
while 1 lay before them the information which has
been given to me, as chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, from the Navy Department.
The committee will bear in mind that, in the
latter part of the last session of Congress, author-
ity was given to the President of the United
States to employ force to settle our difficulties
with Paraguay. It was very soon found that wc
had not ships at our command of the size and ca-
pacity suited to that expedition. In pursuance
of the act of Congress the Secretary of the Navy
proceeded to charter sundry vessels—some nine,
I think, in number, for that expedition. Two of
them were found to be unseaworthy and unfit for
use, and were abandoned. Seven of them were
retained, and have proceeded upon the Paraguay
expedition, and have reached Paraguay.
I am requested by the Navy Department to say
that the charter of these vessdte for fifteen months
will amount to $289,500. The charter of these
vessels for nine months will cost $173,700. The
Secretary of the Navy, in making a contract for
the charter of these vessels, inserted a clause
which enables him to purchase those vessels at
$289,000, so that if the Paraguay expedition shall
last for nine months, the cost of the charter of
these vessels to the Government will be only
$100,000 less than would be necessary to pur-
chase them out and out. If the expedition shall
last fifteen months, the charter of these vessels
will amount to as much or $500 more than (lie
actual purchase of the vessels would cost.
We do not know how long that expedition will
continue. Say it lasts only nine months, $100,000
more will purchase the vessels. By the failure
to appropriate $100,000 you lose the seven ves-
sels, and you not only lose the vessels, but you
lose more. In order to prepare these vessels for
the Paraguay expedition, labor and expense were
put upon them in order to enable them to bear
guns. They were vessels which had been em-
ployed in the commercial service, and it became
nccessary, in order to fit them to carry guns, t ,
put work upon them, and if they are returned ir>
the owners you will lose what has been paid for
that work. Nor will it stop there. It will be the
duty of the Government to remove that work and
