1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
521
that side, that the Indians had become poor, that
they were starving, and had nothing to Jive upon;
and that the citizens had defrauded and robbed
them of all their property. But now it is set up,
on the contrary, that all the property for which
•claims are made, to the amount of nearly half a
million of dollars, was theirs. It appears to me
from that, if there were any foundation for this
argument, that property ought to have been suf-
ficient to sustain them,and keep them from star-
vation. But there is no foundation for it, and no
truth in the statement. The property did not be-
long to the Indians, but to the white citizens. It
is true that the Indians were in a deplorable con-
dition; and this property was not theirs, but that
of the white citizens residing in that district of
country. One thing is very certain, and that is,
that it was not the property of the United States.
- It did not belong to the General Government.
These foraging parties were sent out to seize what-
ever they could lay their hands on. They took
horses and cattle; they entered the farm houses,
and carried away whatever they found in them
which could help to sustain man or beast. Who
were the owneis of all this property? If these
claimants were not, no one can tell who was.
There has been no other claim to it set up; and,
therefore, these must be considered valid claims
until some one sets up a higher and a better title.
We find, Mr. Chairman, from the evidence in
this volume, that orders were given by the Uni-
ted States officers in command, that the friendly
Indians who joined the United States troops
should subsist on whatever they could find in the
country. The Government knew very well that
it had nothing there for these troops and Indians
to subsist upon. Here is the statement of the
officers on this point, to the effect that the Indians
went out in forage paities and brought in large
numbers of cattle; and that as soon as the cattle
were brought into camp, an indiscimuriate slaugh-
ter of them was commenced, and hundreds of them
were shot down, not by the hostilos,^ut by the
friendly Indians—by the United Stutessoidiery, m
fact; for, whenever the Government of the United
States admits Indians into the ranks of the Army,
from that moment the Indian becomes an Ameri-
can soldier. If, tucn, that American soldier went
out and took the property of citizens, I ask
whether the Government should not refund to
the citizen its value? Is it not bound by the Con-
stitution to pay for it?
But we are told that there is no way of telling
how much property was taken. Do you intend
to escape payment of a just claim because your
officers neglected to do their duty r I hope such
a plea a-s that will not be allowed to weigh upon
Congress; and yet there is no other construction
but that to be put upon the language of some gen-
tlemen ,who have spoken against this bill.
I suppose, Mr. Chairman, that every gentleman
on this floor has read these documents, and un-
derstands the case thoroughly. I suppose that
every point of it is fully and perfectly understood
by every gentleman of the committee. ' i did in-
tend to have read extracts from the statements of
the officers showing the extent of the depreda-
tions, and showing, in some instances, to whom
the property belonged. There were but a few in-
stances in which the officers named individuals,
buttheydid specify localities; and these claimants
being from these localties, the presumption is a
fair one that the property was theirs.
But, Mr. Chairman, we are met with another
argument, and that is that the Government of the
United States regarded this as a war, and made
an appropriation of §125,000 for carrying it on.
What was done with that money I do not know,
nor do I care. It is also said that the Government
of the United States regarded this as a war, for
the reason that land warrants were issued to sol-
diers engaged in it. In my judgment, such an
argument as that avails nothing. If 1 refer to a
single instance that is within the recollection of
eveiy gentleman heie, I think all will come to the
same conclusion which I have come to Bounty
land warrants were issued to soldiers who were
enrolled in 183G, 1837, and 1838, on our northern
frontier on the Canadian line. We had no war
there. There was no war on the part of the Uni-
ted States with Great Britain or any other Power.
Bat soldi eis were ordered there to suppress threat-
ened troubles, and these soldiers have received
land warrants. And yet I ask any gentleman m the
opposition here to tell me whether he believes we
had a war in 1837 or 1838, along our Canadian'
frontier? There was no such war; but neverthe-
less bounty land warrants were drawn by the sol-
diers who were engaged along that line.
That is an answer to the argument, so far as
the point about land warrants goes to prove that
there was any war. It was not necessary that
.there should have been a war, in order to entitle
the men who served there to land warrants. I
understand, too, that the land warrants issued
for the service during these Creek Indian dis-
turbances did not designate it as a war, but as
Creek disturbances. But, be it war or no war,
it can make no difference to me. Troubles and
destruction of property followed these Indian dis-
turbances. Large amounts of property were
taken and destroyed by the allies of the United
States, and converted to the use of the United
States; and, therefore, I hold that the United States
are as much responsible for it as if a record had
been kept by its officers of every dollar's worth
of the property, and of the name of its owner.
The Government itself selected its own tribunal.
It sent there its own men; men of its own ap-
pointment and selection; men having the capacity
to discharge the duty devolving on thgm. These
commissioners went there, made their investiga-
tions, and reported the result of their proceedings.
I say that facts connected with this examination
are sufficient to fasten on this Government the
responsibility for these claims. 1 have no doubt,
sir, that if this case had received the attention of
Congress, it would,,long since, have been pro-
vided for; but it takes us a long time to do nollnng
here; it takes, occasionally, a whole day of haid
labor to do nothing.
But, Mr. Chairman, I promised the committee
that I would occupy just so much of its time as
would enable me to get through with what 1 had
to say on this subjcct; and knowing, as I do,
that there are gentlemen on that side of the House
who understand this question much better than I
do, I prefer that,, debate being limited, they should
have the time that is left, and that gentlemen on
this side of the House, who have siaid but little
on the subject, and that little, as I think, badly,
should have the chance to adduce such arguments
as they may see fit, so that wo may arrive at the
truth. All that we ask is, that right and justice j
be done, and that the Government be held to just ]
that kind of responsibility to which a private cit- |
izen is held. That is all we a,sk. All the interest '
that I feci in this is, tharthe claim shall receive j
that kind of consideration which its importance 1
deserves. If gentlemen on this side of the House 1
or on that side differ with me as to the conclu-
sions on which I lely, it is no fault of mine, and
I will find no fault with them. If they believe
that I am wrong, and that the claimants under
this bill arc wrong; if the case be, as some say, a
stupendous swindle, then, I say, give us light. ;
Give us the evidence. Satisfy my mind that the j
claim ought not to bo paid, and I pledge you j
my wotd, that even now, to-day, and henceforth i
while I am in Congress, I will oppose the bill as I
strenuously as I ever advocated it. But with the j
view that I entertain, that these claims ore hon- j
estly due and should long since have been paid, !
and that the Government has been derelict in its i
duty in not sooner paying them, I must pursue
the course that I have heretofore pursued.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question. By the provisions
of the treaty, any poi tion of the tribe that refused
to abandon their possessions, v/eie permuted to
remain. 1 desire to know, therefore, whether the
collision out of which the disl urbanees arose, did
not accrue between the citizuis of Georgia and
the Indians who refused to abandon their lands ?
Mr. LEITER. I win say, in the first place, that
there was no collision. The citizens of the United
States living in that country and the Indians never
had a collision, any more than I should have jfa
highwayman entered mv house in the night time
and attempted to rob me of my property, or de-
stroy my life, or the lives of my family. The In-
dians were not in hostile array against the whites.
They were not engaged in war, but in private i
plunder. The gentleman from Pennsylvania la- 1
bors under a delusion if he supposes that there
was anything winch approximated to a war.
Mr. PURVIANCE. The gentleman misunder-
stood me.
Mr. LEITER. No, sir, I did not. I am going*
to.answer the gentleman's question. • I .say, sir,
that there was no collision. The disturbances
and trouble grew out of the fact that the Govern-
ment had not provided Indian agents and had not
discharged its duty towards the Indians, or to-
wards the citizens either. The Indians were per-
mitted to remain there and commit depredations.
Instead of being removed, they were permitted to
remain skulking about the country and plunder-
ing the citizens; and the citizens had a right to
look to the Government, under the intercourse
act, for indemnity for the losses thus sustained
by them. The lands reserved to the heads of In-
dian families had been sold by the individual In-
dians, under the authority vested in them by the
treaty stipulations; If any wrong has resulted,
as 1 have already said, it was in consequenceof
the wrongful act of the Governpientof -the United
States. I repeat to my friend from Pennsylvania,
that there was no war, regular or irregular.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask thegentieman from
Ohio if he supposes that -the Government is
bound to indemnify a man when a highwayman
breaks into his house and plunders him?
Mr. LEITER. No, sir; but if the Govern-
ment has said that when a man stops you on the
highway and demands your money or your life,
if you make no resistance, but hand over your
pocket-book to him, the Government will indem-
nify you, then I say Government is bound to
pay you.
Mr. DAWES. I understood the gentleman to
say that, by the intercourse act, the whites were
prohibited from resisting the Indians. I want to
know if the Government has passed any law to
prevent a man from defending himself?
Mr. LEITER. No, sir; but the Government
has passed a law, that if Indians commit depre-
dations upon a citizen, and the citizen redresses
his own grievance, and himself takes vengeance
upon the Indians, then the Government will not
pay him for his losses.
Mr. DAWES. The Government, then, has
passed a law that a man shall not take vengeance;
but I ask the gentleman if there is any law of the
United States that a man shall not defend himself
and his property?
Mr. LEITER. No, sir; but I say this to the
gentleman from Massachusetts: that the Indians
arc a peculiar kind of people; they are regarded
by the laws of the United States as foreigners, and
not as citizens of the United ^States. *They are a
kind of independent people, with a sort of pro-
tectorate on the part of the United States Govern-
ment over them; and the laws that regulate civ-
ilized communities, m the States or anywhere else,
have no application whatever to the intercourse
berwe/'n the citizens of the United States and the
Indians—fiol the least in the world. The Gov-
ernment of the United States had undertaken, by
treaty-, to remove all of these Indians, except those
wh6 had reserved lands, nnd to remove those as
soon as they had disposed of their lands. Why
did it not remove them ? If the Government had
done its duty, these claimants would have been
spared the losses and calamities that befell them.
Mr. PURVlANpE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether the collision did not giow out of
ail attempt on the part of citizens of Georgia and
Alabama to intrude upon those Indians who re-
mained there under the treaty?
Mr. LEITER. No, sir; there is not a word of
evidence tending to show that fact in this whole
volume: and I say, upon the responsibility of my
friend from Georgia, [Mr. Trippe,] thai it is not
the fact.
Mr. DAWES. I want to ask the gentleman
from Ohio what is the difference between these
claims and the claims that were allowed by the
commission and paid by the Government of the
United Suites?
Mr. LEITER. The claims already paid-
amounting, I believe, to #25,000—were provided
for by the legislation of 1816. These claims should
have been provided for by the act ol 1834; but
inasmuch as theGovernmenthad no Indian agents
there, and no one to attend to the wants of these
people, so that thsy might present their claims
propefly, why, the whole matter was submitted
to the Piesident of the United States, and by him
to Congress.
If any other gentleman desires to ask me any
fut ther questions, I will yield to him for that pur-
