522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
pose; because I take it that gentlemen who aslc
questions do it in good faith, for the purpose of
arriving at the truth, and I will endeavor to an-
swer them candidly. As no other gentleman seems
desirous of interrogating me, I will now yield the
floor,* thanking the committee for their atten-
tion.
Mr. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, this bill is
of too much importance to be passed without great
caution.
It involves, in the first'place, the payment of
large sums of money; and if allowed, will most
assuredly commit the Government to the payment
of similar claims, to the amount of many millions
more.
The claim is a doubtful one at best, and we
should be very careful not to incur any needless
or improper expenditure of money, when we have
not a dollar to spare.
If we undertake to pay such claims while we
are every day borrowing and shinning* to meet
pressing demands, we shall soon have all we can
attend to.
I ask the friends of the Administration (and I
am one of them, so far as I think they are enti-
tled to my confidence) not to allow this additional
load on the Treasury, by opening (he door to the
payment of such large and doubtful claims.
Itwould seem, by the terms of the bill, that by !
the usual rules of taking testimony this claim
would be hopeless. £§* - '
In the second section of the bill we find these
remarkable words:
" That the Secretary of War bp, and he is hereby annuit-
ized, without reg.ird to existing rules and requirement*, to
receive such evidence as is on file m the Departments of the
Government, and any luithei pioof wlueli may be oll'eied
tendmglo estubht-li the validity of these claims.3'
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman that the section to winch he addresses his
remarks will be stricken out. I have submitted
a substitute for it.
Mr. GRANGER. It is a part of the bill, and
I want to recognize it in my lemarks. ltis there;
but if the gentleman is going to strike it out I am
very glad of it, and will help him do it.
Now,sir, when we reflect that the "evidence
on file in the Department" actually embraced the
amount of twelve or thirteen hundred thousand
dollars, most of which was entirely disregarded by
the commissioners appointed to examine and re-
port upon it, we are struck with the very accom-
modating phraseology of the bill. And in the
same section of the bill, it very prudently pro-
vides, "that payment to be made by the provis-
ions of this bill shall be in full satisfaction of all
these claims."
So, if we will pay them off this time, they will
agree not to come again for the same claim. En-
couraging, quite! t
Now, sir, what are these claims ? They are of
two sorts. One is for private property taken-for
public use.
And the other is, for the payment for Indian
depredations on the people of Georgia and Ala-
bama, and date back some twenty-odd yf ars ago.
The pay for the private property taken for pub-
lic use,l understand was settled and paid for long
ago. .
As for the claim for Indian depredations on the
people of Georgia and Alabama, true or falss,
they are not claims for which the United States
are responsible.
They do not come within the range of their
liability, and it is not our duty to pay them. They
are entirely inadmissible, and ought to be rejected
at once.
Sir, I remember something about these direful
depredations on the good people of Georgia and
Alabama by the Indians,
Mr. Chairman, the mistake is, the complaint
comes from the trrong side.
It was the white people, and not the Indians,
that were the aggressors; and if a fair settlement
could ever be had, I have no doubt a large bal-
ance would be found in favor of the Indians.
These Indians had'a clear and undoubted right to
their lands when these depredations commenced.
They had held them from-.,time immemorial,
long before Columbus was born; and they claimed
their title was from God.
They held various well-written treaties with
the United States, by which their rights and ob-
ligations were well defined.
We had, by these treaties, not only admitted
fffid recognized their entire independence and per-
fect right of soil and sovereignty, but ws have !
bound ourselves to guaranty and defend those
rights forever.
Such was the condition of things when their
white neighbors, who now come here and ask us
to pay for Indian depredations, began in the face
of those treaties a system of aggression and
depredation which has resulted, as no doubt was
intended, to drive them away.
The Creeks and the Cherokees were in quiet,
peaceful possession of their ancient homes when
their white neighbors began to crowd and cbvet
their fine lands, their well-cultivated farms, and
their rich gold mines.
Then commenced that cruel system of en-
croachment arid aggression 011 these quiet and
peaceful Indians, with a view to deprive them of
their country and get possession of their lands.
They refused to go, and said they would sooner
parish on the graves of their fathers.
Mr. Adams, while he was President, strove to
maintain the treaties and protect the Indians. He
sent a battalion of troops there for that purpose;
but his successor withdrew the troops, and told
the Indians^they must leave.
They remonstrated, but all in vain.
The chiefs were repeatedly at the President's,
holding up the treaties and claiming protection
under them. Cut General Jackson's mind was
made up, and go they must.
It was on a time like that, when the President
felt the cutting sarcasm of the Indian chief.
To the President's remark, You cannot live
with the whites; you had better go west, whore
you can have a plenty of lands, and we will see
that you are not molested;**
The chief replied: " Not be molested, you say.
Whom will you give for bail?"
At length General Scott was ordered therewith
four thousand men, to force them off and gam
possession.
IIis lofty mind disdained the task.
But as a soldier he must obey.
Hw reply tfr a friend, who suggested conscien-
tious scruples, was: " Yes, I will go, and if I can-
not 5ct them away without spiiiing their blood, I
will stop and make a communication to the Gov-
ernment." " Yes, I will go; for if I do mt, some
one else will." "But I am no butcher.M
lie marched his army to their vicinity, and left
his troops and went.among them; not as an en-
emy, but as a friend. *He pointed out to them
the inevitable course of events, and advised them
to leave, and offering them all the aid in his power.
IIis mild and friendly advice accomplished what
his arms could not.
And thus they went away, invoking the bless-
ing of Heaven on the head of General Scott.
And now, sir, at the end of some twenty-five
years, the charge is here thot those abused and
plundered Indians have depredated on the people
of Georgia and Alabama to a vast amount, and we
arc modestly asked to foot the bill.
And, sir, what is the bill? After trumping and
swearing up the amount to twelve or thirteen
hundred thousand dollars, and including that
amount in the bill, we are now told, if you will not
agree to that, just pay us $350,000 for heating the
polcer.
And, if you refuse to do that, we will leave out
with you, provided you will just instruct the ref-
eree not to be very particular how he takes the
testimony.
Sir, I hope and trust this claim will be rejected,
and the key turned against any such claim here-
after.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not rise to
make a speech. I have notgiven this subject very
great consideration; but il I understand it, this
claim embraces two items, one for the actual con-
sumption of the property of these claimants by
i; the troops of the United "States, and the other for
[I depredations committed by the Indians, who, it
is alleged, were at the time in the custody of the
\ United States.
i; Now, sir, I believe the gentleman from New
York, who has just spoken, is conscientious in
all he does, however wrong may be the conclu-
[ sions to which he may comc. I know that gen-
ii tleman, and I am willing to accord to him entire
conscientiousness in all his official, as well as in
11 his private, actions—even in an omnibus. I de-
sire, therefore, to put a question to him. The
question I wish to put to him is this: suppose the
Government were carrying a band of Indians
through his township, and while spending the
night there, the Government officials should aban-
don their position, and the Indians should be -
turned loose upon his property: would not he rec-
ognize the obligation of the Governmentto make
good all his losses? The Indians wete in the
chaige of the Government, and the Government
was therefore responsible for their acts. But
suppose they should commence by burning down
his house, shooting his cattle, and robbing his
storehouse: would he not hold the Government
responsible to make good the depredations com-
mitted by them?
Mr. GRANGER. Well, sir, in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia I would say that it would
depend wonderfully upon circumstances. [Laugh-
ter.] In the first place, I have always lived near
strong and powerful Indian tribes, and we have
never had any quarrel with them. We treat them
honestly, and they are quite as honest as we are.
[Renewed laughter.] In the next place, if they
should comc iu first, and commence this system
of plunder without good provpeation, if I had not
plundered their wigwam first, I think i should
"hck" them for it. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman does
not answer my question. I am here, es an Amer-
ican Representative, to do my duty accoidmg to
my conscience and according to my belief. I sub-
mit to the gentleman from New York that he has
not answered my question; and that he may
clearly understand it, I will repeat it to him. I
ask the gentleman for a distinct answer in that
spirit of candor with which I am sure he is pleased
to act on all occasions.
I say, suppose the United States, through their
cHicers, had two thousand five hundred Indians
in charge, marching them to the West; suppose
they were to camp in his township, and the offi-
cers woie tg abandon their position, leaving the
Indians there without provisions or means of
support; suppose that in consequence these In-
dians should commence to depredate upon him and
upon others in the township in which he lives: I
ask the gentleman whether he would not consider
( the Government bound by the clearest obligations
;i of right to make reparation for the depredations
'! committed ?
Mr. GRANGER. I answer the gentleman, that
ij it is a case that never did arise and never will
j! arise, and I do riot see the necessity of answer-
s'
j! Mr. GTDDtNGS. I rise to a question of order.
;! My question is, that there are now but some fifty
I1 minutes of the time allotted to the general debate
upon this biil left, and I object to that time being
" taken up in catechising the gentleman from New
York, when the friends of the bill will have the
closing speech of an hour.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am on the floor
according to the rules of order, and I object to this
interruption.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor; but the gentleman
from Ohio has the right to rise to a question of
order, and it is the duty of the Chair to sustain it.
The Chair overrules the question of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I now put this ques-
tion in a distinct form, and I ask the gentleman
from New York to answer it.
Mr. GRANGER. The supposition is oot a
parallel case to anything connected with the bill,
and I do not sec the propriety of answering mere
suppositions.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I put the question
in that form, because a supposition sometimes in-
volves the best argument and demonstrates the
clearest conclusions. I maintain this is a parallel
case. In this particular case, I understand that the
Government of the United States had undertaken
to remove those Indians. It had displaced them
from their lands, with the exception of certain res-
ervations. Those reservations had been disposed
of. The lands had been taken up by white set-
tlers under the invitation of the Government.
The troops placed there by the Government had
strangely been withdrawn, leaving the Indians
without control, and without the means of sup-
port. Of course, trouble and perplexity arose.
The Indians commenced a series of depredations
i upon the white men who had gone to that count-
