1604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
put the vessels in the same condition as they
were in before.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GOOCH. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Virginia when the contract was made,
and by whom, in behalf of the Government?
Mr. BOCOCK. It was made, as I understand,
by the Secretary of the Navy, in behalf of the
Government.
Mr. GOOCH. And what was the length of
time for which the first charter was made?
Mr. BOCOCK. The length of time was not
specified, as I understand it. I have a couple of
letters here which I will have read, if the gentle-
man desires it, for the information of the com-
mittee; but I will say to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, in answer to his question, that the
terms of the charter are, that we are to pay so
much per month for the vessels. I have stated
that, if the expedition lasts nine months, the
charter of the vessels will cost $173,000. If it
lasts fifteen months, the charter of the vessels will
cost more than the purchase of them would cost.
Mr. GOOCH. Then i wish to ask the gentle-
man from Virginia if the Secretary of the Navy
made a charter by which he paid more than the
worth of the vessels for the use of them for fif-
teen months?
Mr. BOCOCK. It appears from the statement
made by the Secretary of the Navy, that, for five
of these vessels, he gave $15,000 per month, and
for the other two, I believe, $4,500 per month;
or, at any rate, enough in all to give for the seven
vessels what would amount to $193,000 for fif-
teen months.
Mr. GOOCH. Then it amounts simply to
this: that the use of the vessels for fifteen months
costs more than the actual value of the vessels.
Mi. BOCOCK called for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers wore ordered; and Messrs. Nichols and
Peyton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 73, noes 72.
So the amendment was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Here the committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled:
A resolution in relation to the removal of ob-
structions to the navigation in the mouths of the
Mississippi river; and
An act making appropriations for deepening
the channel over the bt. Clair flats, in the State of
Michigan.
When the Speaker signed the same.
The committer then resumed its session.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to strike out the ap-
ptopriation contained in the Senate's amendment.
Mr. Chairman, the joint resolution which was
passed at the last session of Congtess, in regard
to the Paraguay expedition, does not, I think, by
any construction which you can give it, confer
upon the Secretary of the Navy power to charter
vessels for this expedition. The Constitution
makes it the duty of the President of the United
States to communicate, at each session of Con-
fess, whatever may be his views in regard to the
condition of the affairs of the country. But we
have iiad to-day the strange anomaly presented
of the Secretary of the Navy absolutely, in this
House, pressing upon members the passage of a |
inedsuie of this kind, to get him out of a difficulty I
which, 1 conceive, was brought about by a viola- |
tion of law in chartering these vessels. Now, sir, 1
1 protest against the principle of any sort of infill- 1
ence by the heads of these Departments, or even j
the President of the United States, in the legisla- |
tion of this country. 1 speak what 1 know. I j
was notsurprised, therefore, that this proposition j
should come from gentlemen either in the Senate i
or House of Representatives. !
A great deal has been said about economy here; ;
we will be compelled to adjourn to-moirow,.%or '
by a legal fiction the session may be extended till j
twelve o'clock m., on Friday the 4th" of March, i
vet we are loading down our appropriation bills
with appropiiationjs which we have g-ot no money \
to pay; like an insolvent man drawing his check ;
ar sight, but having no money to pay it with It
is proposed to appropriate §100,000 to carry out
what 1 consider to be an illegal act in chartering
these vessels. If we did notjiave vessels enough
of the proper character to carry on this expedi-
tion, it should have been deferred until the meet-
ing of this Congress, and the Representatives of
the nation consulted about what was to be done
in th# event war was to take place; and not go to
work to charter private vessels; because, if they
have the right to charter one, they have the right
to charter every vessel in the country. Therefore,
I say, it is due to the House to vindicate its own
character and its own dignity as the Representa-
tives of the people; that it should speak here in
tones that cannot be misunderstood, to let the
Executive know that he shall not trample upon
a law of this kind, and be sustained by the Con-
gress of the United States in it; more especially
when appropriations of money have been made
heretofore out of the Treasury to do particular
things, and the head ofa Departmefi hasassumed
to set his foot upon a law, and thereby exercise
a veto power which the President of the United
States nimself cannot exercise, in respect to a law
in existence. Now, sir, I am for raising my voice
against this sort of disregard of law, come from
what source it may. It is time that this spuit of
dictation, this trampling of laws under foot should
be stopped. Sir, it is a power dangerous to the
liberties of this country, and which will bank-
rupt this country unless ir shall be checked.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETT1T. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, for the rea-
son that he only proposes to reduce the appro-
ptiation, and not to strike it out altogether. But
before stating my objection, I beg first to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to statevon the authority of what law the
Secretary of trie Navy has proceeded in making
any contract for chartering these vessels?
Mr. BOCOCK. if the gentleman will allow me,
I will answer him fully, as I had expected to do
whenever I could get the floor.
Mr. PETTIT. In order to save my time, and
obtain a categorical answer at once, I will ask if
he had any other authority than the joint resolu-
tion of the last session ?
Mr. BOCOCK. That is the only authority.
Mr. PETTIT. Then, I take it upon myself
to characterize that action of the Secretary of the
Navy as a flagrant usurpation of power not con-
ferred by that joint resolution; and that now de-
serves our rebuke, instead of our sanction and
adoption.
Mr. BOCOCK. I responded very promptly to
the interrogatory of the gentleman, that the joint
resolution of last session is the authority on which
the Secretary of the Navy has piocceifed; now, in
turn, will the gentleman do me the favor to have
that joint resolution read ?
Mr. PETTIT. That is just what I was pro-
ceeding to do. The joint resolution is as follows:
u Resohicd hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States o)\/Jmetu:a in Congress assembled, That
fur the purpose ot adjusting the differences between the !
United States arid the Kepublto of Paiaguay, m connection |
with the attack on the United States steamer Water Witch,
and with other matters referred to m the annual message
ot the President, he be, and is hereby, anthoti/.ed to adopt
such measures and n^e t-uch force a<,m hie; judgment, may
be nece.--.ary and advisable, in the eventof a relu&alof jus-t
satisfaction by the Government of Paiaguay."
Mark the language: " In the event of a refusal
of just satisfaction by the Government of Para-
guay." Under this joint resolution, the Presi-
dent was only authorized to act when Paraguay
had refused to make just satisfaction. 44 The
event of a refusal of just satisfaction" by Para-
guay was necessary, befoie the President was
clothed with any authority under that law. Para-
guay has not refused. No demand has been made
on that republic; and no opportunity has been
given to it to refuse. Until then, every offensive
measure, and this is one of them, was lawless.
But this act, involving the waste of millions of
dollars, is not only lawless, but it is defiant of
the intention of Congress. Congress meant to
have had this matter disposed of amicably; but,
m place of it, the President has sent abroad an
expedition of war. By the fourth section of the
act passed last year, making appropriations for
the naval service, the President was authorized
to spud out a peace commissioner to Paraguay.
and $10,000 was appropriated to cover the ex-
pense. That leaves no doubt that Congress meant
a pacific arrangement. It is a painful fact, that
from the time of Mr. Pendleton, our Minister to
the Argentine Republic, going on a special com-
mission to Paraguay in 1853 and making a treaty,
up to the present moment, when Mr. Bowlin is
abroad as a special commissioner, with an armed
squadron at his back, we have had no diplomatic
relations with Paraguay. It is more than three
years since the Water Witch was fired into, and
yet we have asked no explanation of it from Par-
aguay, until, in violation of law, the President
proposes to demand it now, at a cost of millions,
when the Treasury is languishing, at the mouths
of ourguns. This is backing.our diplomacy with
arms. When did we ever—when did ever a civ-
ilized nation do so before ? Among the Spanish-
American people everywhere, there is a pride of
nationality that amounts to a weakness, and that
will resent the insult of going to them, on ques-
tions of peace, with arms in our hands. A peace
wrung from Paraguay, a feeble people, by force,
will make us abhorred by all the South American
republics, kindred to Paraguay in manners, ori-
gin, and language, and with which, up to this
time, our influence has been absolute. In order
to keep it, we need only the courage to do right.
This Water Witch question has two sides to it.
We speak of it as an outrage done us. The in-
jury done to Paraguay in that collision was much
greater than to us. In turn, the people of Para-
guay complain of us. I do not attempt now to
decide it; but only to submit, that with such a sub-
stantial difference, it was, according to the rule of
nations, a fit subject of peaceful accommodation.
I repeat my question: Why has the Department
of State neglected to attempt a peaceful solution
of it, observing its usage with other nations with
which we have difficulties'1 Perhaps the wisdom
and economy of the Administration at home will
not stand criticism, and it is convenient to take
the public interest, by sea and by land, with an
armed expedition, ten thousand miles away, and
amuse it m the heart of the southern continent.
Perhaps it is meant to offend Spanish pride—I
mean Spanish pride which is always kindred,
whether in the Old World or the New—and make
occasion, finally, for an enterprise on Cuba. A
few facts are plain, and I am referring to these.
We could have had peace for nothing, and yet
the Administration has determined on war, at the
cost of millions; we could have had peace, as
Congress intended by the fourth section of the
naval appropriation act I have referred to, and yet
the President has snubbed all plans of negotiation,
and his Secretary of the Navy has equipped him-
self, and gone forth to war. Some three years
ago, Mr. Fitzpatrick was sent out to Paraguay,
toexchange ratificationsofa treaty with President
Lopez Lopez said he was offended at the act of
the Water Witch, and asked if he was authorized
to settle it. Fitzpatrick said " No; only to ex-
change ratifications." Lopez expressed to him,
by his own secretary, Vasquez, his wish, nay,
his anxiety, to make a treaty of peace, amity, and
commerce, with us;-and since then, that commu-
nication has been in the Secretary of State's De-
partment. That communication has never been
answered. Paraguay has asked us to do her jus-
tice, and be at peace, and after three years of si-
lence, our Government, against the clearly ex-
pressed purpose of Congress, begins replying
from the iron mouths of her dogs of war. These
were the alternatives: Peace for nothing on one
side, and on the other, millions profligately ex-
pended; the will of Congress subjected to a Sec-
retary, and national honor, interest, and influence
at hazard. To do all this, Mr. Toucey says he has
hired nine steamers for six months, at $160,000.
If he may hire nine, may he not lure ninety, or
nine hundred, and leave us to foot up the reckon-
ing? Is Congress only a poor clerk, to certify
any account that may be sent to us ?
Some say this joint resolution confers on the
President the war-making power. I have said
already, it gives the President no power until
Paraguay refuses; but it gives the President no
war-making power. When Paraguay jefuses,
the President may use force. It does not mean
.that he may begin a war. Force and war are not
the same thing. For example: the Island of Mar-
tin Garcia is so situated in the waters of La Plata
