1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1605
that two or three vessels there would block up
the whole commerce of Paraguay. To do so,
would be an act of force, according to public law,
but not of war. Or, as the Government of Par-
aguay has, principally, all the trade of Paraguay
in its hands, to seize on it for purposes of indem-
nity and satisfaction, would be an act of force,
authorized by public law, but not of war. I did
not vote for this.joint resolution, and do not pre-
tend to know what it means. But one thing_ it
does not mean, and that is, to confer the power
of making war on the President; because, the
power of making war is a trust reposed in Con-
gress, which it can no more delegate than it can
authorize the President to make laws, or act as a
judiciary and try causes. The President is only
an executive—that is, he executes such laws as
Congress passes, and there he stops.
Wow, the Secretary of the Navy informs us
that he has hired nine steam vessels, for offensive
purposes against Paraguay, at more than one hun-
dred and sixty thousand dollars for six months,
and he asks us not only to approve it, but to buy
these vessels. If this is a way'to get up a fleet,
what are the navy-yards for? If we adopt this
amendment, we not only bind ourselves to buy
this crazy fleet, but to approve the action of the
Navy Department.
I say it with pain, and as my own conclusion,
that, from the beginning of this controversy, the
Government of Paraguay has not been alone in
the wrong; that we, ourselves, have been some-
what in the wrong. We are now more so than
ever, by the action of Mr. Toucey. We sent an
exploring and scientific expedition to the waters
of La Plata. Paraguay gave it a hearty welcome.
Unfortunately, about the same time, we sent a
consul—a commercial agent—to Paraguay, a thou-
sand miles from the sea-board, a Government
whose name, the Secretary of State says, has had
110 place in our commercial relations. He was,
at the same time, the agent of what is called the
United States and Paraguay Navigation Com-
pany. The company went to money-making in
the most extraordinary manner, and in a manner
offensive to that Government. Lieutenant Page,
charged with the conduct of the exploring expe-
dition, forgot the instructions of Secretary Ken-
nedy, and the hospitality of Paraguay, and took
sides with this company, that, on a beggarly out-
fit of $10,000, having borrowed as much money,
■which remains unpaid, from Paraguay,now asks
an indemnity of $1,300,000, when he was the
national guest of Paraguay, and within its muni-
cipal protection. Lieutenant Page was in fault,
and we ought frankly to have said so. The miser-
able cupidity and ambition of our consul were in
fault. Itis always magnanimity to do right, and
it is never so to do wrong.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have already said, if
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
will turn back a few pages, he will find that Con-
gress proposed a different solution of this diffi-
culty. It was a peaceable one. It is the fourth
section of the Navy appropriation bill of the last
session. It confers authority on the President of
the United States to send a commissioner there
for the purpose of making peace. It fixes a com-
pensation for the service which was to be ren-
dered. It was provided that there should be no
force used until after the proper overture had been
made to Paraguay. We have had an opportu-
nity of making a settlement of this matter, that
wouid have spared the national honor, that would
have saved us from this wanton expense, and
that would have preserved our influence in the
South American States, upon which we have so
long had so strong a hol&.
[Here the hammer fell ]
The amend ment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Provided, further, That the said vessels can be purchased
for a sum not exceeding .5100,000,
Mr. Chairman, when the question of the Par-
aguay expedition was before this House, if I do
not very much mistake, it was represented as a
peace measure, and not as a war measure. The
heart of the country is not in that war; the heart
of this House is not in that war; and, sir, I am
not without apprehension that we are in the wrong
in that expedition against Paraguay. I am un-
willing to do anything that shall in any manner
give it my countenance and support, beyond the
point that may be necessary to redeem the na-
tional honor from reproach. But, sir, assuming
that it was the intention of the House to author-
ize the President of the United States to use the
Army and the Navy against the Republic of Par-
aguay, without further diplomatic negotiation,
what army and what navy were thus authorized
to be employed ? Why, the Army we own, and
the Navy we own. It was not the intention of
Congress to authorize the purchase or construc-
tion of a new navy, and the raising of a new army.
If the President, or the Secretary of the Navy, had
the right to employ a navy other than our own,
they had the right to call additional regiments
into the service. I do not believe that such ex-
traordinary powers were designed to be conferred;
and if the Navy of the United States was insuffi-
cient for the purposes recommended by the Ad-
ministration, Congress should have been advised,
and we should have set the machinery of Con-
gress in motio® to authorize an increase of the
Navy.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am not certain whether
the honorable gentleman from Virginia, the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, who has
just addressed the House, intended to inform the
House that the chartering of these steamers was
improvident, or otherwise. If he meant to ad-
vise this House that the charter of these ships
was improvident, and therefore we ought to pur-
chase them to get rid of a bad bargain, let him
say so. If, on the other hand, these charters
were provident, let them expire, and then let these
vessels return to their owners. I see by the Sec-
retary's report that he undertook to pay $94,800
for the charter, for the term of six months, of
steamers, which he now informs us can be pur-
chased for $244,000. What does this mean ? Did
he undertake to pay a sum grossly extravagant?
If he did, we cannot help it. We'must pay the
charter; but we ought not to be driven into a pur-
chase of worthless steamers, simply because the
Secretary of the Navy, in the exercise of a dis-
cretion not intended by this House to be as lar e
as that which has been exercised, saw fit to make
contracts which are proved to be onerous or un-
wise. Sir, I am opposed to authorizing this pur-
chase, because I am unwilling, as the case now
stands, that the Representatives of the American
people should give their sanction to any further
prosecution of what I am strongly impressed is
but a private speculation carried on under the
banner of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Chairman, my friend from
the city of New York must pardon me if, in the
discussion of such a question as this, I cannot
sympathize with him in any feeling of personal
dislike which he may have at this time to the
present head of the Navy Department. I come
not here as either the opponent or the advocate of
the Secretary of the Navy. I come here, sir, as
the Representative of one of the districts in the
State of Virginia, to look at questions in a public
capacity, and to act for my country, and not in
reference to private or public piques. I do not
look to such questions. And, sir, if the gentle-
man will, for a moment, give free scope to those
nobler and better impulses of his heart which I
know he possesses; if he will for a moment lose
sight of the history of the last twelve months, so
far as he himself is concerned , in reference to this
Administration, it is my candid judgment that he
will not and cannot resist the conclusion to which
I come. And what is that?
Sir, the gentleman from New York asks me
whether I think the charter of these vessels was
provident or improvident? Suppose I say it was
improvident—and I think I am not prepared to
express an opinion: what does the gentleman
recommend ? He recommends that you stand
to that charter, and do not release yourself and
the country from anything improvident in it,
by making a fortunate purchase. Whether the
amount proposed to be given per month was too
much or too little, I ask the gentleman from New
York whether the amount fixed for the purchase
of these vessels was, or was not, a reasonable
amount? Is $289,000 too little or too much for
these vessels ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will the gentle-
man answer my question, whether the Secretary
had the right or power to charter these vessels?
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman will excuse
me. If the gentleman from New York thinks the
Secretary has made ah improvident charter, and
has leased these vesesis at too high a rate, will
he insist on holding tije Government to a bad bar-
gain, when the vessels can be purchased at a rea-
sonable rate ? If the gentlemen will consult tjie fn7
terests of the country, and authorize the purchase
of these vessels, they can be soltl again for as much
as they cost. My worthy friend from New York,
[Mr. John Cochrane,] who knows more of these
things than I do, has informed me that tlie steam
machinery on these vessels is worth more than the
amount which we propose now to appropriate, and
that the vessels themselves, if not needed, can be
sold again by the Government for more than we
propose to give.
But, says the gentleman, " No, no; your Sec-
retary has acted improvident in proposing to give
a monthly rate for these vessels, and I will hold
him and the country to it."
Now, a word in answer to the gentleman from
Indiana. The resolution authorizes the President
to use such force as he may think proper in order
to settle our difficulties with Paraguay. My
worthy friend from Indiana says that the Presi-
dent should have sent a commissioner in advance
to settle the difficulties peaceably, if possible; and
the gentleman from New York responds by say-
ing that this was understood as a peace measure.
But this was a matter of discretion. The com-
missioner has gone to Paraguay, and will propose
his terms. The fleet stands back to give emphasis
to his propositions. If the commissioner had gone
without the fleet, and his terms had not been ac-
ceded to, then he would have had to come back,
the expedition would have to be given up,and all
this time would have been lost. The Adminis-
tration, on the contrary, has used the wise pre-
caution of sending a fleet to back the commis-
sioner. The commissioner proposes his terms—
reasonable terms; and when the Government of
Paraguay hears them, with a distinct knowledge
' that, if it refuses to accede to them, there is a fleet
to back him, then it will be more apt to assent to
tlii- terms.
[Ileie the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Clark, of New York; and it was rejected;
there being, on a division—ayes 54, noes 73.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to strike
out the whole sum. We are beginning now, Mr.
Chairman, to reap the fruits of the most improv-
ident resolution of the last session. It was adopted
without discussion; with very little consideration.
It conferred on the President the power to wage
war in the event of refusal of such satisfaction
as he, not Congress, might require. It made no
appropriation in terms; but, as now interpreted
by gentlemen in this House, it conferred upon him
unlimited power. In my judgment, it did con-
fer upon him the right, within the limits of the
amount of money appropriated at the last session,
to use the Army and Navy. It did not confer
upon him any right to use anything but the ex-
isting Army and the existing Navy, to the extent
of the appropriation made at the last session
of Congress. We have now revealed to us, by
the amendment of the Senate, on which we are
acting, that in his charter-parties he has not only
made improvident contracts, but has actually gone
on to create a fleet of war vessels, unknown to
the laws of theUnited States; and,in the creation
of that fleet, has incurred an expense greatly be-
yond the amount appropriated for the general
naval service. In other words, disregarding en-
tirely the most important limitation that this
House can impose on the Executive discretion, he
has created, out of funds which we did not give
him, a fleet which we did not authorize him to
create; and with that instrument of his own cre-
ation, he has gone on to wage the war which we
authorized him, in an unguarded moment of war-
, like enthusiasm, to wage.
Gentlemen read the language of the resolution,
and say that the President is authorized to adopt
: such measures and use such force as he might see
fit. ' Ay> what force? Could he order out the
whole militia of the United States and put them
on a war footing to carry on this war? Could he
charter our whole mercantile marine at his pleas-
ure, for the purpose of transporting the militia be-
yond the limits of the United States? "Such meas-
ures!" Could he levy a tax on the people of the
country because, in liis judgment, that may be
