1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
try and entered upon the cultivation of the soil,
making the barren desert smile and blossom as
the rose.
These, as I understand it, are the facts of this
case. I think they are understood by the com-
mittee, and I submit the question, so far as I am
concerned, without further refnark, believing the
House will do justice without any sort of hesi-
tation.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I did not intend to address
the House again upon the subjcct of any private
bill; but, sir, I feel some degree of interest in this
case. Some twenty-five years ago my predeces-
sor, (Mr. Whittlesey,) who was one of the ablest
chairmen of the Committee of Claims who ever
presided over that committee, reported, clearly,
distinctly, and fairly, against this claim. That
committee had obtained for itself an enviable fame.
From 1794 the Committee of Claims had turned
their attention to claims against the Government.
All claims against the Government were, at that
time, referred to that committee. They kept a
regular record of all their proceedings. Their
decisions were duly entered upon their journal,
with the reasons therefor-, and the yeas and nays
were recorded whenever demanded. That com-
mittee took for their guidance the precedents of
revolutionary days. They referred to the greatest
intellects of the age in which the Revolution oc-
curred, and particularly were they guided by the
opinions of Alexander Hamilton. There were
then avast number of claims arising, of every
description, touching losses sustained during the
revolutionary war.
Now, sir, I will say that I have no interest in
this particular case. It is the principle alone to
which I have bestowed my attention. I ask that
this case shall be governed by rules which have
governed all like cases for the last fifty years. If
these claims como within those rules, then, I say
emphatically, pay them. If not, then I am op-
posed to dealing out justice with a partial hand.
jDoes any advocate of this bill askfor these claim-
ants anything more than the same measure of
justice which was dealt out to the same class of
* cases arising during the Revolution ? I say give
them no moio and no less.
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia. I call the attention
of the gentleman from Ohio to the fact that Mr.
Whittlesey's report was founded upon the as-
sumption that the Indians were m a state of war
with the Government.
Mr. G1DD3NGS. I will answer the gentle-
man. The advocates of this bill may take their i
* choice, either to regard the Indians at that period
in a state of war or peace with the Government,
and then I will show that tho Govemrm nt is not
responsible in either case. Is not that fair? Call
it war or peace. For war I will g've you the same
rule of action, the same measure of damages and
justice that 1 will givp 
Mr. SMITH", of Virginia. If the ^emWnan
will allow me, I will not take a minute of his
time. What I wish to stato js tins: the devolu-
tion was a state of war. This chum, on the con-
trary, is not founded upon a state of war; 1 make
* the distinction.
Mr. GIDDINGS, I shall meet that. It is one
of the purposes for which I rose. I will meet
thifs case whether it be considered in reference to
peace or war. I would deal out the same meas-
ure ofjustice to those applicants, that I would to
a'llotherclaimants; the same measure that has beerk
dealt out to all oth^r claimants of past times.
Mr. Chairman, this is a question on which a
statesman ought not to have any feeling. So far
as the law is concerned, I will say that I do not
care what the law is if it be administered to all
citizens alike. The same measure ofjusticc ought
to be dealt out to all men alike. A man must
abide, of course, the proceedings here upon pri-
vate claims. It is immaterial what the rule is,
provided all receive the.bendits of that rule alike.
I turn again to the history of this thing. I would
advise young members of this Hous<>, and with
all due deference to them, to direct their attention
to an examination of th° State papers collated m
the volume of claims. Tne rnoie and more my
experience has grown here, the more and more I
have become convinced of the value of such an
examination. If there is"a question arising here
under the pension law#, or in a claim for a grant
of pension—indeed there is hardly a claim which
can arise at this ^y for which you will not find
in that bgok ample precedents, full and emphatic
ptecedents. It is always at hand, and I advise
gentlemen to look into it, and to make themselves
familiar with its contents.
Gentlemen, sir, have stated that this property
was taken for public uses. I will give a specimen
of Mr. Alexander Hamilton's view of the taking
of property for public uses. During the Revolu-
tion, and at a time, the memory and deeds of
which go home to every American heart, while,
the British were in the occupancy of Boston, Gen-
eral Sullivan (he being m command of one of the
detachments of the Army) felt it to be his duty to
dislodge them from a certain position. The Brit-
ish occupied certain holises belonging to citizens
of Boston; and it was impossible to dislodge them
except by the destruction of those houses. The
order was given, and the houses were destroyed.
They were set on fire by our troops. The own-
ers of those houses—Mr. Frothingham being the
particular one—applied to this House for relief,
alleging that his property had been destroyed for
I the benefitof the public. Mr. Hamilton took that
case under consideration, and he distinctly and
clearly laid it down that this was not property
taken for public uses; that it was property lost m
the common fortune of war; that it was m the
chance of war that this property was destroyed.
He held that the army of the British being there
was the misfortune of the citizens who owned the
property. 1 say, too, that it-was the misfortune
of the citizens of Alabama and Georgia that their
property-was taken and destroyed by the Indians.
Now I come to the reason of this rule. All
nations, in time of war, regard every citizen of
one nation at war with every citizen of the nation
with which it is in conflict; otherwise the citizens
would shrink from defending their property; and,
sir, they are held responsible for their own prop-
erty in order to induce them to defend themselves.
I will state to my colleague, [Mr. Leuer,] who
has discussed this question with ability, two facts
which occurred within a stone's throw ofhis own
! residence. I call his attention to the destruction
of property and the murders of 1832, when this
nation declared war against Biack*H.awk. Then
it was the duty of this Government to have pro-
tected and shielded the homier. When these
Black Havvlc Indians were upon their reservation
| they rose and murdered our people, ami burned
! their dwellings. Did the losers m these cases ever
! call for compensation ?
I Mr. LEITER. Had we then a treaty ofaniily
! with these Indians?
j Mr. G1 DD1XGS. We had.
! Mr. LfcUTER. Had we an intercourse act like
! that we have now, regulating the relations of the
whites and the Indians ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. We had an intercourse act
similar in its provisions to the existing intercourse
act. My colleague must not expect to escape
there. I am not to be diverted from my line of
argument. I will state to my colleague another
historical fact. The p«*op> of the peninsula, in
Ohio, were, on the Ifjth of September, in 181:2,
duven from their dwelling. They had to ha\e
their meals smoking upon the tables; thoy had
to leave all of their property upon that frontier;
they left their hogs and sheep and oxen, and nil
the catHe th* re weie killed either for the support
of the enemy or of our own troops. Thai was
done almost in sight of my colleague's dwelling.
Did those people call upon the Government tor
compensation t If the^ did, did they ever get any r
You, Mr. Clnurman, yoiuwlf u picsentthc^e peo-
ple. 1 saw the smoke of tlvur fourteen d wellings
ascending at one time. One afternoon every
dwelling was burned. I know v/h.it weie their
sufferings; and when gentlemen tell me that their
people have suh'ered, I point them to the suffer-
ings of these men 1 have alluded to, in years
i gone by. Look at the citizens of Brownstown,
j and at the citizens of Detroit. When the people
i in Detroit, at the surrender of Hull, had all their
' horses and cattle, their wagons and carts, taken
j from them by the enemy, they appealed to, this
j body for relief. We refused to give them compen-
| sation. There stands the record. Gentlemen will
I find it in the volume which I have mentioned. _ I
i will not go into the detail.* of the millions and mil-
5 Hans of dollars which were lost by similar fortune
j of war. The claimants there ha\e as meritorious
i a case as those provided for m this bill. Ho well
j was this thing understood, however, that they
never applied. Yet, sir, if you allow the claims'
provided for in this bill, then I will endeavor to
induce these people of my State who suffered, _
or their descendants, to also apply for compensa-
tion for their losses. I will deal out to them the
same measure of justice that 1 would deal out to
•others.
There is the gentleman [Mi\*Iatch] who now
represents the Buffalo district. I do not know
whether lie was old enough to remember when
the British crossed over there from Canada and
burned every dwelling in the city of Buffalo. The
people of thqt city sent their petition her&asking
for relief. They alleged that our commanding
officer had burned Lewistown, and that in return
the British had burned Buffalo. They called upon
us for compensation. They sent their*petition
here, founded upon the same principles as this.
A commissfon was appointed to inquire ipto the
amount of the losses, and it Was found to be
nearly three million dollars. Did this House ever
allow it? No, sir; they never allowed a dollar of
it, Men and women and children were turned
out amid the storms of winter, houseless and
homeless. Their all was destroyed by the enemy.
Yet, sir, we sternly refused to give them one dol-
lar. And why did we do it? They had suffered v
the fortune of war. I know that the predecessors
of the gentleman over the way came to this House
on that very question. Albert H.Tracy, one of
the ablest lawyers# iiftwestern New York at that
day, was elected upon that issue alone. Year after
3jear he strove in this House, with all the power
and all the ability and all the influence he could
command, to get those claims allowed; but they
never were allowed. And shall we now estab-
lish a new precedent ? If gentlemen are in favor
of the establishment of a new precedent, are they
also in favor of going back and paying all the
claims I have stated ? If this precedent is estab-
lished, and we do justice, we certainly will.
Mr. LEITER. I should like my colleague, be-
fore he finishes his present tram of argument, to
point out what incidents of vfar there were in
these Creek disturbances.
Mr. GlDOINGS. I promise my colleague,
and otheis that that shall not escape me. I am
now on the point of war. After the war of 1812,
and when all these sufferings had taken place, the
Congress of the United States felt themselves
called upon to do something. Our officers had im-
pressed provisions, horses, cattle, wagons, carts,
implements, and teamsteis. Some of these claims
it was felt ought to be allowed. The law of 1816
wan passed. I will ask my fnend from New York -
[Mr. Pottle] to rend the portion of that law which
I have marked. Those provisions embrace all
the principles upon which the law was passed.
Thi** claim comes under the fifth class if it is ai-
lowable.
Mr. POTTLE read as follows:
(i< When any piopeity lias been impressed or taken by
public amhonty !oi tne u.-e or &ubMstence of the -Army
durum ihe late wai. and the same^hail have been destroyed,
lo.-t, oi eonmrned, the owner of such pioperty shall be paid
the v.ilu-' tin col*, deducting therefiom tin- amount which
La* b< <j  paid, oi may he damn d. for the use and ii&R of
the panic while in tne service alon
'• 'I'l'if piovi-nm lelales to evei v specie* of property taken
or lmpie—i-d lor the ur-e and !■ ubs^tonec ot the Aimy, not
compiehmided m any or* the pieeedmg ela-ses, and which
«ball have been m auyinanner de-tuned,lost.orcom-uined
bv the Anny, including m i\*> s-copc all kind-, of provisions,
(or ige. t uel, ai tides foi clothing, blankets, aims:, and am-
munition: in tact, everything for the u e and equipment
Of an ai my.
i a all i en*?.*, the cci nfieafe?- of the officers or agents
: of the United State? taking or impressing any of the afore-
| s awl articles, authenticated by the officer commanding the
' corpk< ior wlio-u; u«J tuey weie taken oi impies&ed, and, fur-
■ thenjioro. of ih« oflieeis and agci's under who-e command
1 the f-aine'were de^tiov^d. lo-t, or eon-umed, specifying the
] aluo of the aiticles f-o taken or napiessed, and destroyed,
: i.>--t. oi cun-umod, and, ii any payment has been made lor
; tin- of tne -ame. and the amount of .such payment,
' [nni-t be Arm-he J ;] and if no payment has been niaae,
: the ceiliheate mu4 state thai none has been made.
! " 13eiore any odier evidence will be received, the claim-
i ant mn.;t make oatn that it is not m his power to piocuic
j that which is above specified; and, further, thai the evi-
I deuce which he offers in lieu thereof is the best winch ho
j is aide to obtain.
I " Under this provision, no claim can be admitted for any
j arueie which has not been taken by tiie oidet& ot thecom-
! mandant of the corps for who-e u^e it may he stated to
I have been taken. For ar.y taking not s-o authorized, the
j party'b redress is against the poison committing it."
; Mr. GIDDEVGS. This law of 1816 was in-
( tended to cover ali eases for which this Govern-
j ment was hoond, and for which it wouid. hold
i itself responsible. The law of 1817 extended
