THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
these provisions to depredations committed by In-
dian tribes. And now, sirvforall claims for Indian
depredations, or for losses sustained from our
own Army, or from the enemy, during-war, con-
trary to the articles of war, we rely upon the law
of 1816. ,
Here, Mr. Chairman, I would call the atten-
tion of .gentlemen to another fact. When the
Army goes upon the frontier, its officers and sol-
dierSjWill have provisions, if they can be found.
I speak of it because I have tried it, and there-
fore I speak knowingly. [Laughter.] Soldiers,
■w.hilem the service of the country, feel that they
are authorized to enter the former's field and take
his green com, and bis grain, and whatever they
'may want, to subsist themselves. Sometimes
they extend their claim to take the domestic
fowls of the farmer. There is no portion of the
country which has not been subjected to these
acts of our troops. There never was an army
which went outinto the service that did not freely
and unhesitatingly take whatever they wanted,
where they thought there was a chance to escape
punishment. The officers, gencially, wink at
them. In the peninsula in your district, Mr.
Chairman, to which I have already referred, the
troops went on their way, supplying themselves
with the best provisions they could find. The
Indians, also, supplied themselves from the peo-
ple there. The Indians, I understand, who were
employed in this war, or tfcese Creek hostili-
ties, took provisions and furniture from the white
people. That is the common casualty of war to
which all portions of the country have been sub-
jected. I "asked, some days ago, to be pointed
out wherein this particular case differed from all
others of losses by Indian depredations in time
of war. I do not understand my colleague as
placing it upon any other ground than the inter-
course act.
Mr. LEITER.. I hold that this claim comes
clearly within the provisions of the iuteicourse
law. The action of the Government, by which
* this amount was ascertained, brings it within the
intercourse law, and the mattei of war has noth-
ing to do with it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague will readily
perceive that when he attempts to put his hands
into the pockets of my constituents and to take
money from them to pay for losses sustained from
Indian depredations, they would ask by what au-
thority that was done ?
. Mr. LEITER. I will tell you.
Mr. UlDDljNGS. 1 will thank the gentleman
to toll inc. When you tax the people of other
States, who have lost themselves by Indian dep-
redations, when you tax them on what they have
earned since their losses, to pay this claim, I should
• like to have my colleague, or some other gentle-
man. tell me the leason for it.
Mr. CURTIS. Will tlie gentleman allow me ?
Mr. GJDDliNGS. Make it short, and 1 will
hear you.
Mr, CURTIS, f wish to make a point that I
think ought to be fairly discussed. It is this: m
1 this instance, the claim is not placed upon the
ground that the loss was done by a foraging party,
but thskt it was done under the order of the quai-
termastcr to take property for public uses.
Mr. GIDDINGS, Then the claimants are en-
titled under the law of 181(i, and need no action
of this House. If General Jesup ordered these
things to be taken, then payment can be obtained
for them at the Treasury.
Mr. CURTIS. Bo 1 say; butsupposo the De-
partment will not pay >
Mr. GIDDINGS. If they are entitled under
the law of 1816, they etui get all they are entitled
to. If they cannot get it at the Departments, 1
will give it tn them by action here. That is what
I proposed tn my opening remarks.
Axr. CURTIS. Hut suppose the quartermaster
has given the order, and the Department refuses
to pay: ought we not to pay?
Mr, GIDDINGS. Now, Mr. Chairman, I cer-
tainly mean to treat this subject fairly. The au-
thority which I have had read to the committee
clearly shows that these rules .were adopted by
the special order of President Monroe. He and
his Cabinet appointed a board, and that board de-
fined the rules which should govern such claims;
and he and his Cabinet approved those rules, and
we have acted und§r them from-that, day to this.
Although the law of 1816 expired two years
afterwards, yet Mr.Whitt!°sey, Mr. Russell, Mr.
Chambers, Mr. Lewis Williams, and aft the men
who presided over the Committee of Claims from
that day to 1846, ever adopted as their rule the
equity of the law of 1816, ill cases of this class.
Now, I would give to these claimants exactly the
same measure of justice that has been dealt out
to others. The rule was adopted by the highest
authorities of the land. It was Democratic au-
thority—if Democracy has anything to do with
these claims—the authority of President Monroe
and his Cabinet. Never, until 184G, were those
provisions departed from by the Committee of
Claims of this body. These claims were reforred
to the Committee of Claims, when my immediate
predecessor,-Mr. ElishaWhittlesey, presided over
that committee; the claims were referred to him,
and he made an able and emphatic report against
them.
Now, sir, my colleague [Mr. Stanton] has
prepared an amendment giving these men all that
they are entitled to under the equity of the law of
1816, and 1 hope it will be adopted. I am will-
ing to go that far. I have no hostility to those
claims. On the contrary, I would discharge every
obligation that this Government owes to those
people, as to all others. But it strikes me that if
we overturn this rule, we shall open up all the
claims of the past, and the men who in former
years have been denied the measure of justice that
it is proposed to grant by this bill, will come here
for relief.
Mr. WOODSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio answer me one question ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Ceilamly, sir.
Mr. WOODSON. 1 understand him to say
that an amendment has been prepared, giving to
these claimants all that they could be entitled to
under the equity of the act of 1816. 1 ask him
if lie is willing to give them all they could get
under the act of 1834—the intercourse act ?
J\Ir. (JIDDINGS. I was just coming to that,
and I will leave the question, so far as war is con-
cerned, at this very point. My colleague [Mr.
Letter] based his whole aigunient upon the in-
tercom se ac t%f 1834. That law was limited in its
operation-, st"> that if the claimant did not apply
within a specified time, ho could not apply at all.
My colleague complains that these persons wore
not able to make their applications within that
specified time; and here I want the ear of my col-
league, because he imputes this to the fault of the
Government. I ask him whether, if the President
and his Cabinet, and General Jesup and all the
commanding officers of that military force, had
stipulated to pay these men Horn the Treasury
without authority of law, he would have granted
the money ?
Mr. LI<HTER. I will answer my colleague
very n-adily. 1 say this: that, for one, when I am
instrumental in sending out a Government agent,
[ will abide by his action to the very last cent.
Mr. G I D DINGS. 0 God, save my colleague !
ILnoohter.]
Mr. LEITER. Yes, sir; if I send out my in-
dividual agent to do business for me, while he acts
wit Inn the scope of his authority 1 will pay every
cent of flic liabilities he incurs.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Here is my hand, and my
heart too, on that.
Mr. LEITER. Let me ask my colleague a
question. When you send out an army do you
furnish them with provisions, or do you give them
directions to steal their way through, as it is rep-
resented was done in this case?
Mr. GIDDINGS, Keep cool, my colleague.
I. [Laughter.] Now, I will tell my colleague most
' emphatically thai, this nation is a nation of law,
'! ami I would hold the President as strictly within
!; his constitutional powers as I would my own
I1 servant at home to my, orders. Suppose, for m-
j: stance, that General Jesup, or any other officer
j! of the Army, should come and take my col-
league's feather bed, when there was a sick man
in camp, or his looking-glass, or his family pic-
| tares, would he call on the Government to pay
|! him for them ? Just answer yes or no ?
Mr. LEITER. If it was necessary he should
'! have them; then 1 should look to the Government
|| for indemnity.
ji Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague seeks to get
j ©ut at a mighty small placo.
Mr. LEITER. I do not believe any officer
!l would take such things as family pictures, be-
cause they never could be needed. The gentle-
man supposes a case that could never come up.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague comes now
to the verjr principle, and I ask the# House to
notice it. It is, that while an officer is acting witkin
the scope of his authority, we are bound by his acts;
that if we do not furnish him with provisions he
has a right to order them to betaken, and that
his certificate for the provisions so taken is bind-
ing upon the Government. That is the correct
principle, and there is no shrinking from it. But,
sir, I deny that General Jesup had a right to do
that which the law had given him no power to do.
I deny that the President, or his Cabinet, or any
officer of this Government, can transcend their au-
thority and bind ray constituents by such acts of
usurpation. Now, this officer had a right to take
from the citizens whatever was necessary to sup-
port his army. If they were not furnished with
proper provision—if they had not meat and bread,
he had a right to imprcsslt; and if he could not im-
press meatand bread, then he had aright to take
from the hen-roosts and corn-fields enough for
the support of his men, if there was none that he
could get by purchase, and his certificate to those
facts would bind the Government and bind us.
Mr, LEITER. I would ask my colleague if
he has read the evidence in this case, and if it
does not appear that the troops had nothing but*
salt pork, and very little of that.
Mr/ GIDDINGS. Had they bread?
Mr. LEITER. I do not recollect, but I be-
lieve so.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague has admitted
the whole; for they had poik and bread, which
was all we had stipulated to give them; and there-
fore the akmg of even a single ear of com was
a violation of law by the officer who did it. I
am glad that my colleague has propounded his
questions. 1 am glad to have an opportunity of
explaining' to the committee the effect of the law,
as J have understood it since I have been a mem-
ber of this House; and, sir,it was with this view,
I again repeat, that these very claims were so
emphatically repudiated by the Committee of
Claims more than twenty years ago.
And now again I will come to the intercourse
law, upon which my colleague relies; and I say-v
to him that not one section or sentence of that
act authorizes this Government to take from the
pockets of my constituents a dollar to pay to the
constituents of any other Representative on this
floor, inconsequence of any violation of the inter-
coursclaw. Am I understood? The intercourse
law provides that when Indian depredations have *
been committed under certain circumstances, the
person,who has been injured may apply to the
proper authorities, state his claim, bring his proof,
under certain regulations, and the amount shall
be deducted from the annuities of the Indians.
I ask my colleague to point me to a single sen-
tence in the intercourse act which authorizes the
President, or any authority, to take money from
the national Treasury and pay it to persons who
have been injured by Indian depredations.
Mr. LEITER. I have read aclause in the seven-
teenth section of tl^at act, which provides that,,
where there is no treaty of amity with the Indian
tribe, the amount shall be paid out of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That is where there was no
treaty of amity.
Mr. LEITER. "Well, if the Government fails
to furnish the proper means by which provision
may be made for obtaining satisfaction under the
intercourse act, is not the Government responsi-
ble for its own negligence?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will answer the gentle-
man's question by asking another. If the Pres-
ident has failed to do his duty, does that give him
authority to put his hand in the pocket of my con-
stituents to correct his own misconduct My col-
league asks, if these claims were not paid in con-
sequence of the failure of the President to provide
the proper means, whether I would withhold com-
pensation? I answer by the question which I have
put.
Mr. LEITER. If our agent failed to perform
the duty which we devolved upon him, then I
think we ought to be responsible; because the
Government should be-responpible for the acts of
its agent, he acting within the scope of his author-
ity. If it was the duty enjoined upon the Presi-
dent to keep Indian agonts u^that country, and
