1606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
a measure which will accomplish his purpose ?
Could he add a single regiment to the regular force
of the country, for the purpose of waging this
war; because that is a measure which might be
effectual? And if not, has he not, in what he has
done, as much transgressed the law?
Sir, the resolution itself is worse than the vio-
lation of it by the President. This House laid
the Constitution at his feet, by that resolution;
and we have no right to complain that he has
trampled on both the Constitution and the resolu-
tion. To Congress alone is confided the power to
declare war; to authorize the President to use force,
if Paraguay refuse satisfaction, is not to declare
war, on a case we think justifiable; but it is to
authorize the President to declare it on a case of
which we know nothing, wholly future and con-
tingentjdepending solely on what will satisfy the
President. It is the precedent, which has been
followed in another Administration measure,
pending elsewhere, which proposes to give the
President a right to wage war on all South Amer-
ica and Mexico whenever he sees fit! So far, now,
we outstrip the $10,000,000 bill, which provoked
the thunder of Webster's indignation.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to call
the attention of the committee to the proceedings
had in this House when the resolution, which
has been referred to, was passed. At the last
session of Congress, wo vested the President of
the United States with authority to use force
against the Government of Paraguay if he should
deem it expedient and necessary. Some gentle-
men upon this side of the House opposed the
resolution conferring that power upon thelites-
ident, and a debate took place in the House. The
resolution was reported from the Committee on
Foreign Alfairs by a distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania on theotlu-r side of the Houko
—the gentleman from the Pittsbmg distiict, [Mr.
Ritchie,] who had the guidance and manage-
ment of it in the House. My friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Lktciikk] objected to the resolution.
I quote what he said:
" My objection to the resolution i; tins: tin.' Constitution
of the United tfuies vests m Congress the powei to de-
clare w.u ; and vet, by this resolution, we piopose to vest
the President with deseujuotiary poivet in tins matter."
The gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr.
Ritchie] replied:
"I snv that this irnolution <too lake the responsibility
whirl) Congiess ought to take ; and \vh:ifr\ ri the Piexident
does undei this resolution, is done by the nuthoiity ofCon-
gtess. Hut it ih believed, b\ every man acquainted with
thi^ nllair, that tin* meie exhibition ol' a lew small voxels
at the mouth oj the river, wili settle the wholo diiheulty ;
and that there will be no necessity toi the actual use ot
force."
The gentleman from Virginia then remarked
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania did not
undeistand his point. To this, the gentleman
fiom lVnnsylvania replied:
"Yen, I do. The gentleman says we give authority to
the PicMdciil to use loree. So we do; and we take tins
responsibility of all the force which maybe nece^aiv. The
President has nothing to do except in the fulfillment of our
resolution."
I say, then, that, when the discussion took place
upon this resolution, it was contemplated to clothe
the President with powei to use force, and all the
force necessary, to carry out the object of that res-
olution.
But gentlemen upon the other side complain
that the Secretary of the Navy has brought into
employment in the Navy a number of vessels with-
out authority of law. The object was to give him
authority to use small vessels to send to Paraguay.
The Secretary of the Navy, in his annual ieport,
tells you that he had not vessels of the proper size
and description to ascend the river Parana, and, in
pursuance of the authority vested m the President
of the United States, ho found it necessary to char-
ter, and has chartered, xuch vessel*? as were needed
to supply the deficiency m the Navy.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Will my fuend al-
low me to ask him if he supposes that the Secre-
tary had authority to contract to purchase these
vessels und^r the resolution of last session ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Secretary of
the Navy has endeavored to avoid expense. He
has not purchased these vessels. lie has char-
tered them; and he has a right, in the execution
of any authority or power delegated to him, to
charter vessels for naval purposes. He lias gen-
eral authority to charter such vessels as may be
necessary in the execution of the authority vested
in him, or in the President. •
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GROW. I move to strike out the proviso
to the amendment of the Senate, which, 1 believe,
provides what shall be done if these vessels are
not purchased.
Mr. BOCOCIC. That is my proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no proviso to the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. GROW. f move then to reduce the amount
of the appropriation to one dollar.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a point of order. I
do not know what the practice of the House has
been, but ljiy opinion is, that it has been too
late to offer any amendment to the amendment of
the Senate since my amendment was adopted.
The parliamentary law lays down the course of
proceeding on Senate amendments. The House
or committee, either agrees to the amendment of
the Senate or disagrees to it, or agrees to it with
an amendment. Now, I moved to agree to this
amendment of the Senate with an amendment,
and the committee adopted my motion. Is it not
then too late further to amend the amendment of
the Senate ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
The Chair is of opinion that whatever amend-
ments are adopted by the committee, will be re-
ported to the House as but one amendment.
Mr. BOCOCK. That is contrary to the Man-
ual.
♦Mr. GROW. I propose to rcducc the appro-
priation to one dollar, because, in my judgment,
the charter of these vessels ought not to be paid
for by Congress, much less the purchase of the
vessels under the circumstances. Gentlemen upon
the other side of the House have failed to meet
the point made by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Clark) and the gentleman from Maryland,
(Mr. Davis.] In answer to the gentleman from
New York, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bocock] proposes to change theissue, and instead
of trying the Secretary of the Navy to try the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I rise to a question
of order. I require thatthegentleman from Penn-
sylvaniashall be confined tothc amcndnientwhich
he has olTered, which is to reducc the amount of
the appropriation to one dollar.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule allows the gen-
tleman five minutes to explain his amendment.
Mr. GROW. That is what I am going to do.
I am going to show that the argumentof the gen-
tleman from New York and the gentleman from
Maryland, that the Secretary of the Navy has
exceeded his authority, has not been answered;
and therefore, that the amount appro printed should
be icduced to one dollar. Does the gentleman
from Ohio understand the application?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. As much as you
did the application of my remarks yesterday.
Mr. GROW. The Secretary of the Navy has
exceeded the authority given htm, which was, to
use the force wfiich he had. He could not, as
has been well said by those who have preceded
me, create either an army or a navy. IJo had
no authority given him to use any vessels but
those belonging to the Government.
The excuse made for this usurpation of power
is, that he had no vessels fitted for this service.
Then, sir, it was his duty to wait until the meet-
ing of Congress, and report that he had not car-
ried out the resolution because we had not fur-
nished him with the means. If he could charter
or purchase, conditionally, one vessel under that
resolution, he could have chartered ten thousand,
and thus created an enormous outlay and expend-
ituie for this Government, and have added to the
! Navy of the country after Congress had refused
i to build more ships. ,
| Now, sir, I think that this >s a flagrant violation
' of the express authority given to the Secretin y of
j the Navy, or the President, which the Secretary
i of the Navy has used. It is a clear usurpation of
1 authority; and I would not pay one cent to carry
out this contract made without authority of law.
Let him be held responsible to these parties with
1 whom he has made this contract; and let them see
! that their contract is carried out, if he is respuns-
' ible for it. Does any gentleman upon this floor
; hold that, by that resolution, we gave the Presi-
j dent authority to increase the Army of the Re-
public to double its present size, when, at the very
same session of Congress at which that resolu-
tion was passed, we refused to increase the Army ?
Yet the President might, under this authority,
if it be conceded as placed in his hands, have mus-
tered into service at any time new regiments of
troops which Congress had refused to authorize;
have placed them under pay, and they would now
have composed a part of our Army. Sir, the war-
making power of the country-is not thus to be
trifled with by the Executive officers of the Gov-
ernment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. This thing shows the ne-
cessity of looking into a matter of this kind a
little before we undertake to legislate. It ought
to teach the House to use a4ittle common sense,
and not to legislate under a panic, as we did when
this joint resolution passed this House. Now,
sir, when this proposition was brought in at the
last session of Congress, one would have supposed
that two thirds of this House were the legitimate
descendants of old Mars himself. We were to
have a war with*Paraguay, a war about Cuba,
and a war about Central America, m the shortest
possible time. Whenever any proposition came
up having reference to any of these subjects, the
House was seized with an immediate panic.
Now, I desire to read from the Globe, in order
to show that I then made the objection., which
gentlemen on the other side of the House now
make, against the Paraguay resolution. I stated
then what would be the action of the Secretary
of the Navy under the authority given by the
President. I am reported in the Globe as having
said, on that occasion:
" Mr. Letciikr. My objection to the resolution is thi? :
the Constitution of the United Slates vests in Congress the
power to declare wai. and yet, by this resolution, we pio-
pose to vest the President with discretionary power in the
matter, ft is*, piactiealjy, a transfer fiom Congress to bint
of the authority to declare war against Paraguay. It secma
to me, in view of ttfis resolution and of the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from Georgia, that we are tians-
lcrring the whole war making powei of the Government
into the hands of the Executive, who is to u<>e it according
to his discretion. Now, if there is a necessity for war with
either of these lowers, I am tor the Congress ot the United
States taking the responsibility which belongs to it—to de-
clare that war and to furnish the Executive with men and
money to jnosecute it to a successful conclusion. I know
that wiong lias heen done in both of these cases ; but, as I
said, I am lor Congress taking the responsibility which the
(Jon.-vtitution devolves upon it, and not transfer it to any
'other on whom the Constitution does not devolve it. The
Constitution defines our powers and points out our duty.
"Mi. Uitciiie. In leply to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, I say that this resolution does take the responsibility
winch Congiess ought to take : and whatever the President
does undei thu lesolution, is done by the authority of Con-
gress. Cut it is believed by every man acquainted with this
affair, that the mete exhibition of a lew small vessels at the
mouth of the river will settle the whole difficulty, and that
there will be no necessity for the actual use of the force. *
We do not want to drive the President into a war, whether
oi no. We merely authonze bun to use foice in case he
cannot help it; and whenever he does use it, the force will
be used by our authority. This resolution takes the whole
responsibility. That was the understanding of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and that is the plain meaning of
the resolution.
" Mr. Letchkr. The gentleman does not exactly un-
derstand my point.
" Mi. JRjtoihf. Yes, I do ; the gentleman sayy that we
give authonty to the President to use force. So we do, and
we take the responsibility of all the force which may be ne-
cessary. The Pi evident ha  nothing to do except in fulfill-
ment ofom resolution.
Mr. Lftchfr. My point m regard to it is this: that
it is for Congiess to judge ot the necessity of declaring war,
and that it ought not to be dependent upon the discretion of
anybody. We ought to act for ouiselves.
" Mr. Ritchie. My reply is, that the resolution does rec-
ognise the necessity of using foice m this case. But this is
a very distant region of the world. Tt is the ea«e of a half
barbaious people just cnteiing into the family of nations.
But a few years since they had no communication whatever
with any nation. And {he object of this resolution is to
bring that country under the laws of nations, as recognized
by everybody. I now move the previous question, and will
not withdraw it."
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Rit-
chie] insisted that whatever the President did,
under this resolution, would be done under the
authority of Congress. The gentleman, repre-
senting the Committee on Foreign Affairs, said
their purpose was to arm the Executive with
power, for the purpose of coercing Paraguay into
such terms as would bring about a final settle-
ment and adjustment of the difficulty between
that Government and our own.
Well, sir, by the terms of that resolution, as T
construct! it then, and as I construe it now, it
meant nothing more nor less than what I then
said if, meant. It will be recollected, by gentle-
men who were present at the time, that even the
