1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The fourth amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in—ayes 70, noes 58.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill having
been all disposed of,
Mr. PHELPS) of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the several votes on the amendments of the
Senate; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House that the amendments
of the Senate to the Post Office appropriation bill
may be printed. I do not propose any action on
the bill to-n-ght.
Mr. GROW". I desire to say to the gentleman
from Missouri that I have no objection to this
bill being taken from the Speaker's table in the
morning, if ho will permit me to offer the resolu-
tion which 1 have indicated in reference to it, and
have a vote of the House upon it.
A Member. We consent to no agreement of
that kind.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Has the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania any objections to having
the amendments to the bill printed ? I will say
that I have myself taken the responsibility of
having them sent to the Public Printer.
Mr. GROW. 1 have no objection to that.
The bill and amendments were accordingly or-
dered to be printed.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR BILL.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House making appropriations for the diplomatic
and consular service of the Government for the
year ending June 30, i860, made the following
leport:
The committee of conference on the di>ap;ro<>mgvote* o(
the two IIoumj* (in lite hill (II. \i. No. COG) malting appru-
jhmiioiw tor ihc conMilsu and diplomatic expenses of ihe
<IOvenim«Mit lor tin; year ending the 30th of June, I860,
Imvmg met and oouMdernl the siine, and, alter a fell and
i*iet* conftiMiueo thereon, huvo ugtccri to recommend, and do
rcPoinint'TuI, to tho ro-p'M-uve ilousf"-;, rK follow:*:
That the Uoum; of Repri'^eiiUitivos icccdc from it1-* di*?-
aiuei'iiH'iit to the filtU amendment of the Senate, and a iue
to tlx: ; and
That the Senate recede from its eighth amendment to the
t-ani hill, thndgu'cd to by the Hoiw <>! RepiesenUtives.
J. M.
JEW DAVIS,
WILLIAM II. K AWARD.
Committer on thr pent oj the Senate.
W. IlOlMClNsS,
I), ui'ivmu,
II. VVINTtf K DAVIS.
Committee ov the pait oj the IJome.
Thn eighth amendment of the Senate, from
which the committee recommend that the Senate
recede, la as follows:
u Sko. -I. d be it further enacted, Thai no moie money
for the ti>e.il j<ar eommeneinp: July jy 1K7.), >hall he ex
ponded toi the object^ herein piovided lor than the amount
nppiopiiat''d in thi^ lull, to<,re||jer with Mich amountsoi the
j)fimanent andimUiiniteappiopuauons us> may be apphea
ble tIm'i<'to.
The fifth amendment of the Senate, from their
disagreement to whieh the committee recommend
that the House recede, is  s follows:
Strike out a.>71 ,000 " and insert " $,'150,000,  m the fol-
lowing r'au^e of the luil.
u For ''onijiensatnui of the commit oner, -soeietary. olnet
astronomer and suiveyor, a^-i,-t<mt a-nonomei and mil
veyor.eleik, and for pinvision-.tr.in^pottarion, and oonmi-
•iciu'ir-, of tin- conijniv,ion to um and mailt the boumiatv
line between the United rftates> .mil the lintish povi^siuiiN
bounding on Wa-dmignm Terntory, §"1,000 "
Mr. HOPKINS, I move the piovious ques-
tion on the adoption of the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the report was adopted.
Mr. PEIELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by whieh lite leport was adopted,
and also moved to lay the motion to icconsidcr
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Speaker, last night a ques-
tion came up for the action of the Commitn.-o of
the Whoje on the state of the Union—it was the
payment of the claim of the Suue of Massachu-
setts—and during the discussion, I stated, in reply
to o remaik thrown out hv one of the members.
that I would not have the slightest hesitation in
casting my vote for that claim, and spreading it
upon the record. I stated that I assumed the re-
sponsibility to the full, for 1 honestly believed the
claim was a just one, and that it ought to be paid.
Unfortunately, however, for me, I did not hap-
pen to be here early this morning when the ques-
tion came up in the House; and now I only want
to say that had I been here I would have willingly
voted for it.
And then, on motion of Mr. Mc&UEEN, the
House (at forty-five minutes past eleven o'clock,
p. m.) adjourned.
  IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 3, 1859.
Mr. G-WIN. It will consume a great deal of
time to read the Journal. I hope it will be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. BRODERICK. I object.
The Secretary commenced to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. STUART. I suggest to the Senate the
propriety of dispensing with the reading of this
long Journal this morning. We have certainly
to be very industrious to get through with the
business of this session. I hope the reading will
be dispensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the Journal will
be read. ["No!" "No !"]
Mr. STUART. It will require an hour and a
^half.
Mr. BRODERICIC. I withdraw my objection.
The reading of the Journal was dispensed with,
by unanimous consent.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. CLINGMAN presented the credentials of
Hon. Thomas Bracg, elected a Senator of the
United States, by the Legislature of North Car-
olina, for the term of six years, from and after
the 4th day of March, 1859; which were read, and
ordered to be filed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap
pomtment of Mt. Mah.ory, Mr. Bright, and
Mr. Hamlin, as tho committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (U. R. No. 712) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending the 30th of
June, I860.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allex, its Clerk, announced that the
House insisted upon its amendments to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. 11. No. 712)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1860, disagreed
to by the Senate, agreed to the conference asked
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
llouses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Gkorgi;
W. J onus, of Tennessee, Mr. John Sherman, of
Ohio, and Mr. Warren Winslow, of JNorth-
Carohna, managers at the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; and they
were signed by the Vice President:
A bill (IT. R. No. 666) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, I860;
and
A bill (S. No. 593) for extending the laws and
judicial system of the United States to the State
of Oregon, and for other purposes.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of iron
manufacturers of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, ap-
proving tht; bill introduced by Mr. Fitch relative
to the use of American iron ill the public works;
j which was ordered to lie on the table.
I He also presented a memorial of citizens ofPhil-
I adelphia approving the bill introduced by Mr.
; Fitch relative to the use of American iron in the
1 public works; which was ordered to lie on the
! table.
1 Mr. BRODERICK presented a resolution of
the Legislature of California, instructing their
Senatois and lequestmg their Representatives to
■ um their influence to procure the passage of an
; act granting the right of way, and making appro-
1 piMtno'?-- to i1!'! ni the construction of a line of
electric telegraph, now being built from Placer-
ville to great Salt Lake City, known as the Pla-
cerville, Humboldt, and Salt Lake Telegraph
Company; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of California, instructing their Senators and
requesting their Representatives to urge upon
Congress the immediate payment of the Indian
war debt due to the citizens of that State; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print a mes-
sage of the President of the United States, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, a copy of the opinion of Judge Brewer
on the Great Falls land condemnation case, re-
ported in favor of printing the usual number, and
five hundred additional copies for the use of the
War Department; and the report was agreed to.
He stated that the dissemination of the opinion
would have a tendency to prevent the claims for
damages to a large amount against the Govern-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the message of
the President of the United States, communicat-
ing, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, certain letters of Mr. Perry, late secretary of
legation of the United States at Madrid, reported
in favor of printing the usual number; and tho
report was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.R.
No. 780) for the relief of James Collier, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 464) for the relief of Francis Daineae,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No,
888) making appropriations for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the Yancton and Tonawanda
Indians for the year ending June 30, 1860, re-
ported it with an amendment.
HOUSE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
Mr. HUNTER, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 890)
making an appropriation for the payment of the
expenses of investigating committees, and for
other purposes, reported it without amendment,
and asked for its immediate consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It appropnates
$10,000 to pay the expenses of the several investi-
gating committees of the House of Representa-
tives during the present Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 389) providing for the allotment of lands
to certain New York Indians, and for other pur-
poses, which has been returned from the House
of Representatives with an amendment, for tho
purpose of concurring in the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. f desire to make an appeal to
the Senate to pemnt me to go on with the legu-
lar civil appropriation bill. I am told that it is
very doubtful whether we shall getthrough. This
is the heaviest appropuation bill, as to items, and
the most difficult one we shall have to manage.
In view of all these circumstances, 1 rise to mako
a personal request of the Senate that they will
permit me to take it up, and go on with it; and,
then, if Senators will be so kind as not to speak
more than maybe necessary merely to explain
their amendments, we may, perhaps, get it to ih<;
House of Representatives by two o'clock, and
then wc shall see our way clear before us. Sena-
tors will haveahundant, time between then and to-
rn orrdlv at twelve o'clock, to pass these other
measures. I submit that motion, and I hope the
Senate will induge me.
Mr. KING. I hope the bill referred to by the
Senator from Arkansas wi!i be taken up. I want
to offer an amendment to it, and it is one which
I think will not occasion debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
no' debatable under the action of the Senate tho
other night. The motion is to suspend all nrjnr
orders of business to take-up 'he bill (S No. 3£9)
