THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1859.
New Series....No. 34,
commissioners allowed nothing; another for $763,
and they allowed §266; another for $3,709, and
they allowed nothing. Underthese circumstances,
lam satisfied that I might do great injustice to a
meritorious class of citizens if 'I refused to vote „
for a bill providing just indemnity to them, and''
' which protects the Government from the frauds
. which might have been perpetrated under former
bills which I have denounced at home as being
base and corrupt. I am now prepared to vote for
this bill, and I make this motion to reconsider in
order to bring the matter before the House for in-
vestigation. It"gentlemen will examine the record,
they will find that the commissioners had claims
presented to them amounting to $1,272,722 30, and
they allowed only §349,120 37. And that is all
that I understand the friends of the bill now
claim; because they put a clause in the bill, re-
stricting the amount to be paid under it to the
award of the commissionrs.
1 am ready now to vote for the bill, in order to
do justice to a meritorious portion of the citizens
of Georgia and Alabama; though I have com-
demned, upon former occasions, the allowance of
•claims that were unjust. But the amount is now
cut down to what I think is, ill all probability,
justly due, and I am willing to vote for it.
Mr. HOWARD. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether we have anything to do with these
claims that were rejected by the commissioners,
inasmuch as this bill limits the payments to those
claims that were allowed by the commissioners?
Mr. COBB. That is what I say . The bill is
limited to the awards of the commissioners.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I do not understand
the point of the gentleman's speech.
Mr. COBB. 1 believe the just claims ought to
be paid. But I wanted to place myself right on
the record, so that I shall not be accused of acting
inconsistently in voting for this bill, when I have
heretofore denounced bills pending here as being
corrupt when they provided for the payment of
over one million dollais. The amount is now re-
duced to the award o( the commissioners, $349,000,
and 1 believe that ought-to be paid. I now move
to reconsiaertlie vote by which the enacting words
of the bill were stneken out.
Mr. WASHBUR.N, of Wisconsin. I move to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 will ask the
gentleman to allow me to make a motion, which,
1 think, will suit the present temper of the House;
to postpone the consideration of the motion to re-
consider until Saturday next, and let my amend-
ment, in the mean time, be printed.
Mr. COBB. I hope that will be done.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We had better
take the question now.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will take oc-
casion to say, in reply to the gentleman from
Alabama, that I did not yield the floor to him
when he requested it, because I thought he could
so much better explain his consistency to Ins con-
stituents than to the House.
Mr. COBB. I could do it much quicker here
than 1 could do it at home.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
■table—ayes 80, noes 68.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, leave
was granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the blouse of the papers in the cases of Dr. Charles
Taylor, Colonel Francis Taylor, and James Broa-
dus, for the purpose of reference to the Court of
Claims.
"WILLIAM HAZZARD WIGG.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to ask the indulgence of
the House to allow a bill upon the Private Cal-
endar to be taken up and passed. I am sure there
will be no objection to the bill, and it will accom-
modate me very greatly if the House will allow
it to be passed now, as it will not be in my power
to attend for some time. The bill is for the relief
of William Hazzard Wigg. It passed the Senate
unanimously, and has been unanimously approved
by a committee of this House.
34
Mr. HUGHES. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on tl^p state of
the Union, with a view to take up the bill pro-
posing to form aTerritory of the western portion
of Utah, known as the Territory of Nevada.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I was about to sub-
mit the motion myself that the House go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion.
I hope the motion of the gentleman from Virginia
will be agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Would a mo-
tion to go into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar take precedence'
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Then I sub-
mit that motion.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Illinois
will permit it, the Chair would like to relieve the
Speaker's table of certain private bills, and to
have them referred to the appropriate committees.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I have no ob-
jection to that.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS.
The first bill on the table was Senate bill (No.
452) for the relief of John R. Nourse.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask that that bill be put on
its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. CURTIS. There is no tippiopriation in
the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is the bill
for, then ?
Mr. CURTIS. Simply to release a judgment
against Mr. Nourse.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. That is the same
thing. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. The Cliaironlyasked the con-
sent of the House to take up bills tor reference.
The Chair will therefore withdraw the bill.
The following Senate bills and joint resolutions
were then, by unanimous consent, severally taken :
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referied as indicated below:
A resolution (No. 03) autlioiizmg the settle-
ment of the accounts of Rediek M cKee. Referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. *
An act (No. 283) for the. relief of .Tames Mac-
caboy. Referred to the Committee of Claims. j
A resolution (No. 70) for the relief of Com- I
mander H. J. Hartsteue, of the United States !
Navy. Referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
An act (No. 90) for the relief of John Ericsson.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 125) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of James Bell, deceased. Referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
An aet (No. 89) for the relief of George Ash-
ley, administrator de bonis noil of Samuel Hol-
gate, deceased. Referred to the Committee of
Claims.
An aet (No.^CO) for the relief of Moses Noble.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 144) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Captain Chailes G-. Ridgeiy, of the
United States Navy. Referred to the Committee
on Foreign Afl'airs.
An act (No. 135) for the relief of W. Y. Han-
sen, W. H. Underwood,and the representatives
of Samuel Rockwell. Referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
An act (No. 113) for the relief of Lieutenant
Nathan Weeks, deceased. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
A resolution (No. 65) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to convey a portion of the
Government lot on which the United States court-
house stands, in Rutland, Vermont, in exchange
for other land adjoining said lot. Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Makshali,, of Illinois, that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole Blouse on
the Private Calendar.
The motion T^as agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Grow in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the Private Calendar.
WILLIAM HAZZARD WIGG.
Mr. KEITT. Before the committee proceed to
the consideration of the bills upon the Calendar
in their order, I ask them, by unanimous consent,
to take up Senate bill (No. 52) for the relief of
William Hazzard Wigg, which is simply to cor-
rect a clerical error.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think we had
better proceed with the Calendar in order. If
we take this case up out of its order, we shall
have other applications of the same sort.
Mr. KEITT. No, sir; I will not make another
application.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
will not; but other gentlemen will. I think we
had better go on in order, and I therefore object to
the proposition.
CYRUS H. M'CORMICK.
The first case upon the Calendar was an ad-
verse report 4C. C. No. 11) upon the petition of
Cyrus Ii. McCormick.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not know much
about the condition of this claim; but if the com-
mittee will give their consent,I propose that it be
passed ovrr for the present.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I move that
the report be laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the lecommendation that the decis-
ion of the Court of Claims be confirmed. Then,
when it comes before the House, if it is a case
which needs further investigation, it can be re-
ferred to one of the standing committees of the
House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. For the purpose
of enabling the committee more intelligently to act
upon this report, I ask that the opinion of the
court be read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be glad if
this caSe could be passed over for the present.
The CHAIRMAN. That proposition has been
made, and objected to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will say that Mr.
McCormick called my attention to this' case, and
requested that it might be passed over for the
present. Mr. Letcher ought to be here. He has
given his attention to tlys claim, and perhaps has
some course to suggest in reference to its disposi-
tion. I therefore ask that the case be now passed
over.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. If that be the-
sense of the committee, I certainly have no objec-
tion to it.
Tlte CHAIRMAN. The reading of the report
is called for.
Mr. UNDflRWOOD. Before the report is read,
I merely wish to make a statement to the gentle-
man from Illinois, and in the hearing of the com-
mittee. I hope that he will withdraw his motion.
I understand that Mr. Letcher, whois nowsick
and confined to his room, and therefore unable to
be present, has given this case his attention. I
do not know myself what disposition ought to be
made of it. It' lie were here he could, and I sug-
gest that it go pver for the present.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 move that it be
passed by inforinaliv.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York calls for the reading of the report, and he
has the right to have it read.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I understand that
the gentleman in whose charge this case is, is
confined to his room by illness, and therefore I
presume the case ought to go over. I withdraw
my call for the readins of the report.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist upon my ob-
jection to its being passed ovjr. The case stood
last session where it now is—at the head of the
