1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1611
providing for the allotment of lands to certain
New York Indians, arid for other purposes.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will let
me go on with the appropriation bill. I shall vote
against this motion with that hope.
The motion was no#&greed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I now submit my motion.
Mr. JONES. I want to ask the Senate, for
the benefit of the Delegate from Nebraska, to take
up Senate bill No. 586, which was reported unan-
imously by the Committee on Public Lands, and
which the chairman of that committee, in five
words, will explain.
Mr. HUNTER. I object. It can be taken up
after the appropriation bill.
Mr. JONES. I ask the consent of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia had the floor, and the Chair understood
him to yield it.
Mr. HUNTER. I certainly did not intend to
yield.
Mr. JONES. This is a private bill. I am just
from the President, and he will not sign a pri-
vate bill after twelve o'clock to-night; but appro-
priation bills he will sign until eleven or twelve
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. That was under the impres-
sion that we might adjourn at twelve o'clock to-
night, which we cannot do.
Mr. JONES. No, sir. It is under no such
presumption.
Mr. BRODERICK. I rise to a question of
privilege. I wish to present resolutions from the
Legislature of the. State of California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order
at this moment to present them, unless by general
consent. The Chair will receive them with pleas-
ure at the proper time; but the Senator from Vir-
ginia having the floor, has moved to postpone the
prior orders, and take up the appropriation bill on
which the Senate was engaged yesterday.
Mr. ERODERICK. Will not the Senator from
Virginia permit me to offer these resolutions r
Mr. HUNTER. If the bill were taken up, I
should not object to their being received.
Mr. BRODERICK. 1 present them anyhow.
Mr. HUNTER, If they will go on the table
without anything being said, I shall not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the resolutions of the Legislature of Califor-
nia, if there be no objection.
Mr. GWIN. I move that their reading be dis-
pensed with, and that they be printed.
Mr. BRODERICK. I sent them to my col-
league two days since, and if he had presented
them, I should not have taken up time now. I
think it a duty a Senator owes to his constituents
to present resolutions of the Legislature of his
State. I have a very poor opinion of the Legis-
lature which passed those resolutions; but still, in
the discharge of my duty, I present them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the reading
of the resolutions be dispensed with, and they be
printed? ["Agreed!"] The Chair hears no ob-
jection to that course.
The purport of the resolutions is stated above.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The motion of Mr, Hunter was agreed to, and
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 713)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1860, was resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being on the fol-
lowing amendment, offered by Mr. Bright, from
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds:
Jind be it further enactcThat, for piocurm? the neces-
sary furniture for the Senate Chamber, the audience looms,
the committee-rooms, the rooms occupied by the office of
the Secretary of the Senate, and othei loom-* of the liojth
wing of the Capitol in the occupancy of the Senate and its
appendages, the superintendent of the Capnol extension be
directed to make a survey, and ascertain what at tide-? of
furmtuie wil! be needed, with the materials, designs, and
dimensions of the same; and that he he. and is hcieby,
authorized to publish the proper ppeeifications antkdescnp-
tiotis of the articles that inny be required, and invite sealed
proposals to be made to him, within thirty days from the
date of the fiiot publication of the same, <oi the manufac-
ture and construction of the said articles of furniture, to he
opened, at the appointed time, in the presence of the bid-
ders or other petrous; and that a contract or contracts for
such furniture shall be made with the lowest and be&t bid-
der. reference being had to the quality of the material,* the
pupcnorityofwoikiiianship, and the tune in winch the same
&hall be completed, and Umtpiopei secmity shall be taken
fot the faithtul and prompt execution of the woik; and
that, for the purpose of paving for the said furniture, as it
mav be completed and delivered to the satisfaction of the
said superintendent, such sum of money as may be required
therefor be,and the same herebvis, appropriated, to be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated : Provided, That the amount to be expended under this
section shall not exceed $50,000.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out all after
its enacting clause, and inserting:
That the sum of $50,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the purchase of such furniture as
may be required for the north Capitol extension, to be ex-
pended by the Secretary of the Senate under the direction
of the committee to audit and control its contingent ex-
penses.
I want it recorded now, that if the original
amendment be adopted, the furniture for the va-
rious rooms, instead of costing $50,000, will cost
the Government over $300,000. As to the econ-
omy that has been heretofore evinced by the su-
perintendent, I think we have evidence around
us in this building to form a judgment. I know
it is very easy to make remarks in reference to
the taste of particular individuals, knd when I
talk of economy, it is not my intention that things
shall be reduced to a point at which they do not
comport with the Government, or the wants of
those who have to enjoy them. I should like to
see these rooms furnished suitably and properly,
but, at the same time, economically. I am sat-
isfied that if the rooms be furnished according to
the original amendment, under the direction of
the Superintendent of the Capitol extension, the
furniture will cost over $300,000.
Mr. DAVIS. Who says so?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennesee. I am satisfied
of it; and when we look at his economy in erect-
ing the public buildings and in furnishing the
other end of the Capitol, I think we may come to
a conclusion as to what he will do in this case.
Wc may judge what his action will be in the fu-
ture from what it has been in the past. If it was
necessary, I might call the attention of the Sen-
ate to a memorial which has been presented to
Congress by an architect, who, as I understand,
first prepared the plan of this building, and upon
the basis of whose plan the extensions have been
made. Take some items of expenditure that he
gives, and I think we may have, at least, a vague
idea of the kind of economy that would be car-
ried into the furnishing of these rooms if it were
left to the superintendent.
I have no disposition, however, to consume
unnecessarily the time of the Senate. It was re-
marked last night that the term of the committee
to audit the accounts will expire with the session.
The Senate meets to-morrow again, however, and
can then reorganize the committees. This is a
committee under the control of the Senate to audit
the accounts of one of its own officers—a gentle-
man who, I presume, has as good taste in select-
ing furniture as the superintendent. It is very
strange that Senators upon committees, knowing
the kind of desks and tables used in the commit-
tee-rooms,are not competent to direct an office^of
their own making as to the kin'd of furniture they
want for their committee-rooms,and be respons-
ible to the Senate and the country for it; but,
somehow or other, it seems we have got to such
a pass that nothing can be done of the least im-
portance about the Government unless it is placed
under the charge of the military department. All
the public buildings, it seems, must be carried on
under that department, and we cannot even have
the committee-rooms of the Capitol furnished
now unless it is confided to the War Department.
Your own committees and the Secretary of the
Senate, it seems, are not competent to select the
little articles of furniture suitable to their own
rooms.
I hope my amendment will be adopted. I am
satisfied, 1 repeat again, and want it remembered,
that it will cost $300^000 if left to Mr. Meigs; and
besides I shall not be surprised if there were to
be a very fat contract tinder the original amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. T hope we shall have avote.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall vote in favor of the
amendment-to the amendment. I think, as to the
furnishing of the Senate Chamber and the com-
mittee-rooms, an officer who is connected with
the body would be more apt to know the wants
and habits of the Senate, and the proper furni-
ture,, than to intrust it to any other person. Be-
sides, I have no great faith in the contract system,
which the original amendment involves. I believe
that, with an honest man to deal with, the matter
under the supervision of your <?wn committee,
your furniture will be furnished at a cheaper rate-,
and it will be more appropriate, because it will
be selected by an officer who is competent, from
his kno wledge of the business habits of Senators
and their wants, to know what it is proper to 0uy.
I do not think it at all connects itself with the con-
struction of the Capitol. As regards that, I differ
from many opinions I have heard expressed. I
do not charge extravagance at all on any officer
who has had charge of the Capitol. I think the
fault lies with ourselves. We were constantly,
when the Treasury was full, in the habit of
making appropriations to urge this building on
to a very splendid completion. I have no objec-
tion to the external structure; I differ in taste as
to some of the internal adornments. As an illus-
tration, to showthat the fault belongs to ourselves,
T may mention that, in the first instance, when
the dome of the Capitol was removed, it was done
by an amendment tacked on by Congress to an
appropriation bill, without any recommendation
from the architect or the superintendent; and
then, when the appropriation was made to take
down that dome, it was removed, and, of course,
everybody was surprised to find that we had to
put a new dome in its place at a very heavy ex-
pense. That is the way we make these expend-
itures; and then we charge them on other persons.
That was the mode in which that appropriation
was originally made, without the# report of a com-
mittee, and without any recommendation from the
architect or superintendent. One hundred thou-
sand dollars were appropriated to take down the
old dome of the Capitol; and of course, when it
was taken down, we had to make provision to
supply its place; and then we had to go to those
who had charge of it for the purpose of giving us
estimates and plans for the construction of a new
dome.
Mr. nAVIS. If my friend from Delaware will
allow me, I wish to state a fact to him. I do not
propose to enter into this discussion, though it
would be very easy to refute the charges which
have been made. They may go for what they
are worth; other people will judge of them. I
want merely to state a fact in that connection. A
plan for a dome, drawn by the person then and
now architect, was exhibited in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the Committee on Public Build-
ings of that House adopted that plan, and pro-
posed an appropriation, which was agreed to. At
a subsequent year, the inquiry was made, what
would the dome cost? The officer in charge of
the work had made no estimate, because he had
had no connection with it. An inquiry was sent
to the War Department, and the answer was that
" we made no ^estimates, for we had no connec-
tion with it." Thethen Secretary (who was my-
self) not being in favor of the dome at all, being
opposed to it, and having endeavored to get the
committee not to commence it, it was necessary
to send to the architect who had made the draw-
ing , and ask him what he thought it would cost.
A rough guess was sent back; and Congress has
been legislating on that.
Mr. BAYARD. I think the honorable.Sena-
tor is mistaken with regard to the legislation as
to the dome. I was then chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings of the Senate. The
appropiiation came to us as an appropriation to
take down the old dome, alone, and no more;
and, on inquiry of members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, I learned that the appropriation was
inserted without a recommendation of a commit-
tee, and without reference, at all, to what was to
be put in us place. I merely mention this as an
illustration.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to lay the amendment
to the amendment and the amendment on the
table.
Mr, HUNTER. That will take the whole
bill on the table.
Mr. FOSTER. I withdraw my motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on the amendment of Mr. Johnson, ofTennessee,
to the amendment of Mr. Bright, resulted—yeas
19, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Broderiek, Cameron, Chandler,
CoHawer. Crittenden.. Dixon. Hamlui. Harlan. Johnson of
