1612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Tennessee. Km?, Mason. Polk, Ecid, Rice, Shields, Stuart,
Timnlmli. and W.di'- —19.
]\t VVS—M.'-«r«.. Aflni. neniamm.Bri£lit,Che!=nut.Clark,
Cla\, Clnii/'ti.m. Duvi-, Fuel), Fitzpatnek, Foot, Fo>ler,
Green. Gu in. Hale. Hun leu 1 vei&on, Johiip-on ol Arkansas,
June-. K^.mrdv. Lino. Sebastian, rievv.ud. Simmons, Sli-
d: H, Toombf, Waid, Wi!?-on, and Yulee—29.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the amendment of the Senator from In-
diana.
Mr. MASON. I desire to know whether there
is now any limitation on (he appropriation?
The. VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
reads:
Pf-orMc^-That the amount expended under this section
shall not exceed $-50,000
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have another amendment
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds:
For niuoductn<r the Potomac water into the botanic gar-
den, and building a ostein therein, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to. -
Mr BR.IGKT. I have a further amendment
to offer from (he Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds; it is the only one 1 have left:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to pay
to John F. «.\i!lan foi vfonc taken trom .-quaie numbered
f>tW, in Washington city, and used m pavmg New Jersey
avenue, &I6'2.
Mr MALE. That is a private claim.
Mr. P RlGtiT. It may, perhaps, strike the
Chair as being a private claim; but it really is not.
It is to pay for stone taken by mistake, and used
by the Commissioner of Public Buildings Here
is lus note, staling the fact; it is about five lines,
ami will explain it. The amount would be paid
out of the fund generally given to the Commis-
sioner of Puhiu. Buildings, but he has no such
fund now on hand. I ask that the letter be read.
The Societal y read it, as follows:
Ol'I 1 < i: CO MM Is s ION 1. H PUWI.IC ReiMHNUj,
Vefoumy 1^, 1S.VJ.
Oeaii Sir : The stone* mentioned in the wiihirrhill vveie
tiiKt n iiinn sijUiin- iilinilieird .r)(i 2, uinlet a mi*>appiI'lien'onii,
and iiied in paving !he £iuier on New Jersey a\enne The
iippiupiution lor mailing, ite , New Jeisey avenue has
been evliau  ted, and I (heietoie have no means ol paying
loi tiiein.
Veiv le^peetlnllj, vonr obedient MUvnilt,
JOHN B. IlLAIvK, Commissioner.
IIon.J.D I'uiniri, Ch'inman Committee on Public Huild-
/ ■;s, I'luUd >'/«/< s >"( nah .
The ViCK PRESIDENT. The Clmir thinks
)t is a private chum, if the point of oider is in-
sisted on.
Mr J)A VIS. 1 rather think it is a mistake of
a pubhe officer, and hardly to be consideied a pri-
vate ehum. As I understand the oa^e, the Com-
mission! r took the stone under the belief that it
belonged to the public, an<l subsequently found
out that it was private propeity. This is to en-
able him to pay for it. Ceilamly, he is subject
to be pioeeeded against for tiespa^s unless the
nmney is paid.
Mr TRUMBULL. That cannot alter thechar-
act'T of it. It is eertamlv a private claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decides
the point of order to be well taken.
Mr. DAVJK. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
T-he VICE rRESIDENT. The question is,
44 Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the Si- nate
The question being taken, the decision of the
Ciuiir was sustained; there being, on a division—
aye i J27, noi-s i;|. i
Air. (- A ME RON. I think, if tins case was un-
derstood, tnero would he no douht about it. ;
Mr. YULEE I voted under a mistake.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That does not af- |
ft ct the j esult. i
Mr. BRIGHT. I am quite sure the Senate do !
not understand this case. ['* Yes, we do."] The j
Commissioner of Public Buildings took this stone '
under the impression that it belonged to the Gov- 1
fiiinjenl, ami had befit paid for. It turned out !
ihat it b'donjred to a piivdte individual. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The point has been i
decided. j
Mr. BiGLER. I call for the yeas and nays, i
The VICE PRESIDENT, It is too iate to call [
for the^yeas and nays. The question ham been j
determined, and the result announced. I
Mr. "YVADE. I have an amendment to offer:
For a fence to inclose the po*.t office and custom-house
at Toledo, Ohio, the sum of §2,500.
I have a letter from the Department explaining
it.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Treasury Department. Office of Construction,
Washington, D. O., Mutch 1, 1859
Sir: The inclosing fence toi the stoumN ot the new cus-
tom hou^e at Toledo, Oiuo, has not been built, because
there is no uppiopuauonuvailable lor the purpose.
The fence I deem positively necessary forthe properpro-
tecnon ot the public property. Its probable cost would be
about twenty-five bundled dollars, ($2,500 )
I am, vei v respectfully, your obedient .sei vant.
A. II. BOU'M  \N,
Engineer in charge Treasury Department.
To Tlon. Richard Mott, House of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of order.
An estimate from the engineer in charge does not
i come within the rules. It must be from the De-
partment.
Mr. WADE. The Senator from Virginia says
that this is not a recommendation of the Depart-
ment. Weil, sir, the letter comes from an officer
intrusted with this business, and he acts on be-
half of the Dopaitment, and in the name of the
Department. I do not suppose that the head of
the Department is going; to survey this matter
and report on it in person; but what he does by
i an n^ent, I take it, he does by himself.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
i Vii'gima*ratses a point of order that this is an ad-
\ dmonal appropriation offered to an appropriation
j bill, and that there is no estimate for it from the
i head ofany Department. It seems to the Chair
I that the point is well taken.
Mr. HALE. 1 have a small amendment, which
i involves no appropriation, and is recommended
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads:
.'hi<l he U further enacted, That the post office in Boston,
Ma-^achu-eiiM, shall not be removed t'lom its pre-ent loca-
tion till after ilie ne.U j-e-^ion ot Congrej-s : Provided* The
t< ni«>n^ti.inL> against n* iem< val will indemnify Ihe Cov-
enmient for any additional expense growing out of any
vontiaet lot another site.
Let mo state to the Senate the reason for the
amendment. The postmaster of Poston has en-
fen d into a contract to remove the post office
from Us present location, and a remonstiance has
been sent to Congress, and the papers were sub-
nutted to the IW Oflue Committee. As it pre-
sents itself* to the committee, it seems to be an
arrangement by which the postmaster at Poston
is to put in bis pocket ftom five to ten thousand
dollars a year, ne being the owner of the new
site, and the lease is to run for a great number of
years. The Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads were not. willing to present a report
thus implicating ihe postmaster, until he had an
opportunity to be beard; but they think, in obe-
dience to the wishes of the people of Rostun, that
the removal of the post office should be suspended
until Congress have time to examine the subjt ct;
and this amendment simply provides that the re-
ij nioval shall not be made, until the next Congress,
!j piovided the remonstrants will indemnify the
, Government against any expense which may be
' occasioned by the delay. If the committee were
; to report now, the report would implicate the
■ ! postmaster. They are unwilling to do it until he
j; has an oppoitumty to be heaid; and they now
j! simply ask that the matter be suspended until
Ii next session.
j, Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me this isasub-
[, jet*t tin which we cannot legislate in this bill. I
|| hope we are not to be pressed with amendments
!' of that sort; hut let us have the question.
i| The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
;i seven, noes not counted.
;j Mr. DAVIS. Ry the Committee on Military
;i Affairs I am instructed to report an amendment
for some Florida volunteers:
! I For the payment of volunteers emplo\ ed in Florida during
II the \ ear< lb.>7 and and who were called into service by
i| requisition of the President on the Governor of that State,
|! the .-aim of £413,600, or ^o much theicot as may be necc.-*-
I t=ary to pay the amount Sound due tor the time said tioops
j were actually in the wrviie oi liie United States . Pundcd,
;■ That no greater pay or commutation's be allowed than are
j authon/;ed by law to sinuiai noop> of the United fcstates.
!; I send a couple of brief letters to the desk to be
read; one from the Secretary of War, and the
other from the Paymaster General, submitting
the estimates.
The Secretary read the following letters:
War Department. March 1,1859.
Sir: I transmit herewuh, ,i copy ot a communication
from the Paymaster General, fiom which it will he per-
ceived that the sum of four hundred and thnteen thousand
six hundred dollars (,$4]3,600) will be reqlined for the pay-
ment of the Florida vohi teeM%ealled into service by Gen-
eral Harney and Colonel Loomi*, under an oider from the
President; and again have the honor to request the passage
of an appropriation for that object.
Very lespectfullv, vonr obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD, Secretary of War<
Hon. J. C. Breckinridge, President of the Senate.
Paymaster General's Office,
Oi tnher 26, 1B5S.
Sir : J have the honor to report that -mice the receipt at
this office of all the muster rolls ofFJonda volunteers, called
into --ervice. of the United Suites by Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral llainey and by Colonel Lootnis, tn the years 1857 and
18.">8. it is ascertained trmn them that the sum of $413,600
will be requned to be appiopridied by Congress for tlieir
pavment
i have the honor to be, vrrv re^pectfullv, vonr obedient
seivant, BE.VJAMfN F*. LARNED,
Paymaster General*
lion John R. Floyd, Secretary of IVar.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope this amendment
will be laid aside for the present. I believe it is
the intention of the committee next year to make
some provision for the payment of the Indian war
debt m California and other States. MyState has
a like claim against the Government, and I do not
think any distinction in these cases ought to be
made. If you pay Florida, pay California, pay
Oregon, and all the other Slates. I think the pro-
vision ought to be general.
Mr. DAVIS. The cases are very different.
The patience of the Senate will be taxed very
briefly by me. This is acase in which the Pres-
ident gave orders to call out a certain numbwr of
volunteers in Florida, and they were called out
for Indian hostilities, and they have been mus-
tered out of service, and the amount is clearly
due under the existing laws. The case of Cali-
fornia is one in which the Governor of the State
called out the militia, and Congress have to de-
cide upon the pioprietyof adopting the service
before an appropuation can be made. Here the
service has been adopted by general law. The
case is entirely different. The President having
issued his orders preliminaiily, and the troops
having been called into service and been mustered
and employed in 1857 autl 1838, the amountstated
is the estimate of the Paymaster General. This
estimate is based on the supposition that they
were all mounted troops. If any of them did
serve on foot, under the amendment offered by
the committee tln-y will only get the pay of foot
soldiers. Tiiat is the difference between the
amendment offered and the estimate of the War
Department.
Mr. LANE. The Senator from California has
had the kindness to mention Oregon in connection
with this amendment. Oregon has claims upon
the Government Jor services and expenses, grow-
ing out of the Indian war of 1855 and 1856; and
I have done everything in my power to procure
favorable action upon those claims. They are
just; they have been settled by a commission ap-
pointed by the Secretary of War, under a law of
Congress, authorizing the adjustment and settle-
ment of those chums. At the beginning of this
Congress, 1 introduced a bill providing for the
payment of the expenses allowed by that com-
mission, and I did all I could to get it through;
but the House of Representatives, upon a full in-
vestigation of the matter, concluded that they
wanted further information, and they therefore
sent to the Third Auditor a series-of resolutions
iequnntg him to report to the next Congiess such
adjustments as by them were required. To bring
up the case of Oregon now, would be to lose it;
would be to embai rnss this matter; and 1 have no
desire to embarrass this. I desire this amend-
ment to pass, and these volunteers to be paid;
and at the proper time 1 am confident the Senate
will deal justly by Oregon. 1 shall, therefore, vote
for this amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know whether
these debts have been ascertained at the War De-
partment; whether we know what they are?
Mr. DAVIS. The Secretary of War senda a
letter, accompanied by an estimate from the Pay-
master General. The sum stated is ^413,600. I
am in hopes the whole sum will not be lequired;
and from the supposition that some of the troops
served on foot, as 1 stated, the amendment offered
