530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Calendar. Mr. McCormick, and those who rep-
"resent him here, left the session pass away, not-
withstanding that fact, without any action upon
the case. I am satisfied, from an examination of
the report, that there is nothing in it. Mr. Mc-
Cormick failed to get a renewal of his patent
through the Commissioner; and then he placed
Mr. KELSEY. I am satisfied with the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Tennessee, if it will
bring us to a direct vote on this bill. This is an
old acquaintance of mine. It was upon the Cal-
endar during the first session of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress. There is one reason why the bill ought
not to pass. I think that the rule should be laid
his case before theCourt of Claims, and that court j| down, and adhered to invariably, that whenever a
•has de idedthatithad no jurisdiction of the ease.
That is the report upon the Calendar, and that is
the whole of the case. «
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is not this
same party before the Commissioner of Patents
'.to get his patent indefinitely extended, and with
some prospect of success?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know nothing of
that, except what the newspapers state. He is i
there, they state, to get something;; but I do not j
know exactly what it is. This is a matter in !
which my constituents are deeply interested, and '
I want to see it disposed of at once.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to hear the printed j
report read. J
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I submit the propo- !
sition that it be passed over. It will save time if
the House will consent, under the circumstances j
which have been stated, to lot the ease go over. '
I can hardly suppose that there will be objection '
to that proposition. If wo pass it over we can go
' to other matters. It is only time wasted to have
the report read. . :
Mr. KELLOGG. I am satisfied that it is time ;
that Mr. McCormick's improvement should go to |
the geneial benefit of the people, lie has been
abundantly paid for it. He has reaped from it at! 1
that he is entitled to. I desire that the report be
read. Letus see what there is in it, and then dis-
pose of the case.
Mr. KELSEY. Is there anything more in this
report from the Court of Claims than t!u,i, thai
they have no jurisdiction over it ?
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 am not advised of the full .
measure of the report. When it is read wo can
see what it is. My only object is to get a \oie
on this case. I move, therefore, that the case be
laid aside, to be reported to the [Tousc with the
recommendation that the 1 louse affirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims. Rut I ask iirst
for the reading of the report.
The decision of the court was read as follows:
" Opinion of the court dchveroi! by ("hiefJii-tieeiJileliri-i.
" The court use of opinion Iliat "lie claim is not louniieil
upon any Kuv oL C<>nun:>s or .my ir ulanou o  an
tive Dopnitiriont, or aisv contract, exprr^ 01 implied , Willi
the United State-!, ov upon any ley.ii riuhr.
u It h simply u petition to Cmi-in^s to pn^ a law, winch
it if in the tiihorciunt of < 'oiaac-.-- to enact or not, .1 > ilnn
shall dnom Tlictomt h,i\ :mio authority to rem: itc
the (liM.'retion of CotiL'ioss. m to leeonmirmi any l<-filiation.
Tiiciu is In no bonse <>h\ claim upon the Uniit•(! e \-
eopt sneli :'s may be addi-c^ed to their view* of \\ hat k mi
the whole jitopm. ConscisuenthMhe co-nt have hojuuj
diction to iiidei testimony to he taken.'"
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. If that is the whole
of the court's opinion, 11 is manifestly a case that
ought not to have been sent thoie; and, theiefoie,
wo ought to address ourselves to an examination
of the whole subject. I move, then, Unit it bo
passed by for the present. To pass jt by will no:
affect the rights of anybody.
Mr. BURNETT, '[object.
Tho adverse report of the Court of Claims wan
then laid aside, to be reported to the House with
the recommendation that it be atMhed.
WILLIAM NETLL AND OTHERS.
An ad verso report (C. C. No. HO) upon the pe-
tition of William Neill and others.
Air. COX. 1 have no objection to the decision
of the court being a farmed. I have given every
attention to this cn^e, and I think now the par-
ties themselves are satisfied with the decision. I
make the motion that it bo laid aside.
The report was then laid aside, to be reported'
to the House with ihe recommendation that it be
affirmed.
CHARLES J< INC?:rsoll. '
A bill (H. XI- No. 19 i) for the ruief of Charles
J. Ingersoll.
Air. KELSEY obtained the floor.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move that that
hill be laid aside, to be reported to the House with
tho recommendation thai it do not pa^s.
Mr. KELSEY. I believe I was recognized iirst.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor.
particular Hoftse decides a case m reference to
contested seat, they should also decide the ques-
tion whether the contestant^hould be paid or not.
It seemaeto me they are the most proper judges^
of what they will do. It is a question peculiarly^
addressed to their discretion,and this is a casein 1
which we should not depart from that rule, f
think that the claim ought to be rejected, for the
reason that it was not presented to the Congress
that decided the case of the contested seat, nor, if i
I am correctly informed, until a good many years j
afterward*. That of itself would be sufficient, m ]
my judgment, to condemn it. Rut there are other '
reasons connected with this biil, that induce me ;
to oppose-if. I will not no\f^o into a histoi y of j
the ease. I am willing that the advocates of the :
bill should present their side, and then let the |
House v<">te on it as soon as possible. j
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have been on 1
the Committee of Elections, be-fore which this !
claim has come, for two Congresses, and I am sat- i
isfied, after an examination of tho case, that the I
bill ou-rht to p =ss. Jt wos a real contest, a con- |
test m w) 1!■1S1 Air. Ing isoli chimed the seat oc- !
eupi-'d bv Air. Naylor. u was an earnest cou'.e&r. ,
It pars' d through the v/hi^e of tin- fu-t siv^ion, '
and into the second sesmon of tlut ' looui i
Air. KELSEY. lb>w nnny yuu^ after that,
content was decided was if behov an*7 claim was
presented on b-haifof Air. iMgrisoil?
Mr. WASHtJiJiXN", of Alamo. ! ennnot an-
swer that question, but 1 am confident thalit was ,
not a gr< at while. I wi.l sty to the committee, !
and f n't he gentleman from New York, th it 1 think 1
that thi.i chum has been investigated by a dt>zoii ,
committees, coiupoM'd of nam of all patties, and !
that it ha.? never yU failed to get tii-ar opproba- |
tion. Tlie ^ent'eman has stated. that if tin-re was j
any justice 111 a claim, it should be recognized j
and paid bv the House that decided the contest. :
Why tins wa-< not so decided, i do not know; but i
I know that it may often happen that a just claim !
: of this kind 1 annot be' acted fipon by the House j
: winch decides the question. j
liemember that m the last Con^ions, when the
seat of Ah. Hall, of Iowa, w.ii> contested by Air.
Ohuk, the Committee of Election* came to the
conclusion that the hitter had m >t made out a case
n^ain^t^ho ^ittmy; member, although they wore,
satisfied—that is, the nnijmiry of tliem, and *;o
r.iated in their teporl—that, it'the testimony which
couU! iavVe heeti nrtnlnced had been produced,
Air. ClaiS: would have been entitled to the seat.
They \ve,e ;;a"sii( d 1 tuit he ind iuihIc ii.s claim
hoiii'.-a!/ and m £^>od fa.th; and a!th.nt«;!i they
felt bound to report against his rn.;ht to the soat,
yetthey i\-poiled aiesoluiioit i^iuni; hun pay for
tin' time In' \\\i* here. \Vhen that u uti'01 1 ame
before tin1 Uou:-e,a motion to lay upon the table
failid, and at would have been passed movitabiy
by a decided majority but for !he fact, the repm'
only having been made three or four days before
the close of the session, that the tariff Oil! came
up, and the 3 fouse was anxious at once to pro-
ceed to its consideration. A mo^on was earned
to proceed to the business upon the Speakers
table, and this lesolation went upon the table,
from winch it could not acam be taken up.
Air. KEljoCY. Dal the committee that re-
potted on the contest report a resolution to pay
Alt', [nayrsell? v
Air. \Y'\S1T}>TIL1N, of Alaino. The commit-
tee were disposed to report such a resolution, bur
Air. Irejersoii, from personal dehc icy, dedukd to
have such a icsolation tlien brought before the
House. If tiie gentleman will back to the his-
torv of that case, ho will find that it was a real
contort, and tint: u occupied the House for a long;
tim°. Air. In^er^od came here with credentials,
and wo dtd Air. Xaylor. 1 hope that the bdi will
be laiU at.de, v/;:h the rccomuicndaiton that it do
Air. aONii.b, 01 iannessec. ims is an_ap-
plication 011 a bill to pay the person named in ic
the per diem and mileage of a member of Con-
gress, while he was engaged in contesting the scat
of another gentleman who had received the certif-
icate, and was admitted to his seat upon the floor
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia. I wish to cor-
rect the gentleman 1:1 that. Air. Inicersoll had
the official certificate, and Air. Naylor had the
certificate of the judges of the election. He had
the official certificate, and in my judgment was
entitled to his seat.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. _ I stand corrected
by the gentleman from Georgia. This was a con-
test before he of myself held a seat iipon this
floor. I have acted upon one rule, one principle,
in all cases of this character. I have, sir, uni-
formly voted against paying any contestant who
failed to oust the sitting member. I think that it
is a sound principle, and I cannot, in this instance,
depait from it. I do not think the man who
comes here and contests the right of another to a
seat should be paid, unless he succeeds in dis-
placing the sitting member. I do not think, sir,
that I have any right to pay him as a member of
Congress, because he never was a member of
Congress; and I cannot vote to pay him because
-his rights or his interests required htm to come
here and contest a sent upon this floor.
A'lr^SEWARD. Air. Chairman, I happened
to be in the Thirty-Third Congress, and looked
into this case. I examined it. with a good deal of
care; and, as I recollect the facts, they are these:
Mr. lngeisoll came hue with the certificate of the
Governor of Pennsylvdnu, as an evidence of his
rii^ht to sit upon this ilooi. Air. Naylor came
with the certificate of the election judges. Tho
case was postponed until the New Jersey case
was decided. I think that It was not settled until
the hist session of that Congress. Air. Ingersoll,
in the mean time, was k-pt here at sreat expense
and trouble. Now, I put it to my fremd from
Tennessee, f Mr. Jones] because 1 know that ho
is a conscientious man, whether a man, coming
here wuh tho certificate of the Governor of ins
State, showing that he was entitled to a seatupou
this floor, and the HouNe having delayed action
on the case, a man who was kept waiting here by
the. House, and who ultimately had the decision
of the House against him—I ask lum whether
| such a man, with such a certificate, ought not to
, be paid ?
i Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I may think that
1 this was a hard case; but the Constitution makes
the House of Representatives the judge of tho
qualifications and election of its own members. It
is fur the House to decide who are Us members;
and m my opinion, whenever a contest is deci-
ded, the House making the decision, ought also
to decide whether anything ought to be paid to
, the contestant or not.
Air. SEWARD. The gentleman has not. an-
swered my question. I take the ground that tho
certificate of the Governor was prima ficie evi-
dence that the party is a member of Congress,
and ought to be sworn in. Air. Ingersoll came
here m good faith, lie claimed a seat in tins
J louse, and showed his cei Liiie.ato from the Gov-
ernor of Pennsylvania. 1 think that we cannot,
and ought not, to deny this eiami.
Air. PHILLIPS. I was a member of the Com-
mittee of Election-! at. the 'ast session, i repoited
tins hill; a report accompanied the bill; r* it em-
braces my views on the uibjcct, I a&k that it be
read.
The report was read, from which it appears
that an election was held on the second Tuesday
of October, m the city of Philadelphia, at
which the Hon. Chatlus Naylor and the Hon.
Chath s J. Ingersoll wtretandidates for Congress
from the third district. Tim return judges of tho
election met at the usual tune and place, hut a dif-
fh'l
eLined in the course of their pioceedmgs,
which resulted in a difference of opinion among
them, they being equally divided, tlnee of them
giving to one candidate the certificate o! his elec-
tion, while the other three furnished a like certifi-
cate to his competitor. The Governor of Pennsyl-
vania, by h:3 usual proclamation issaid ahotly
aftervvaids, declared Air. Naylor to be duly elected;
and the succecding Governor, a year at.'orwards,
though before the assembling of th" Twenty-^ixth
Congress, in like manner declared Mr. Ingersoll
elected. At the couiuuaecmenr of the first*ses-
sion. both these gentleman ciauiiod the seat; Mr.
Naylor was, of course, received as the sitting
member, and Air. Ingersoll contested his right.
