1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1613
by the committee provides for a lower rate of
payment than that on which the estimate is based,
if the facts be so found.
Mr. HUNTER. Is this to repay money actu-
ally paid by the State?
Mr. DAVIS. No. •
Mr. YULEE. I can state in an instant, what
the case is. The President called upon the Gov-
ernor of Florida to furnish a certain number of
troops to the officer in command of the united
States forces in Florida. The officer in command
of the United States forces in Florida, in compli-
ance with that requisition, asked from the Gov-
ernor the troops he required. They were fur-
nished and regularly mustered into the service of
the United States Army, commanded by an offi-
cer of the United States Army, and paid as far as
the appropriation allowed, and mustered out of
service by an officer of the United States Army.
The rolls are on file in the office here. This ap-
propriation is asked for to pay the balance due
them.
Mr. GWIN. I shall not vote against this
amendment, because I think this claim ought to
be paid, but I should be very glad if the war debt
of California would be paid also. It has beep sus-
pended for many years. Part of it has been paid,
but a portion of it is still pending. I suggest to
the Committee on Military Affairs, that author-
ity be given, as has been given in Oregon, to in-
vestigate, during the recess, these claims in Cali-
fornia. The difficulty originates in som<? degree
from the fact that they have not been investiga-
ted and reported on to Congress. That, in my
judgment, has delayed them for some time. I
hope the Military Committee will, on this bill,
make some provision by which an examination
can be had during the recess, that they may be
brought up favorably at the next session of Con-
gress as in the case of Oregon.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am almost inclined to
withdraw my opposition to this amendment; and
I will do it, if the Senator insists on sending a
commission to California. We have had seven
gentlemen there during the summer, investigat-
ing what corrupt officers have done. I hope no
commission of the kind proposed will be granted
here. I ask for the yeas and nays on this amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. I have only to say, in addi-
tion to what has been said, that this claim passed
the Senate last year. I have the yeas and nays
before me, and the vote was twenty-six to twelve.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to make a single
inquiry, whether this is included in the estimates
of the War Department?
Mr. M ALLOR.Y. It is estimated for m a spe-
cial letter, which has been read.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But was it in the annual
estimates?
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know.
Mr. HUNTER. It was not included in the
annual estimates.
Mr. COLLAMER. Why?
Mr. YULEE. Because they told me in the
War Department it was t® fee regarded as a defi-
ciency, and they do not include deficiencies in
their regular annual estimates.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state to the Senate that
the estimates are to provide for expenses of the
current year. A debt hanging on the Department,
and reported ata previous session, necessarily
does not appear in the estimates.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 13; as follows;
YEAS—ISIe^rs.Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bright, Brown,
Chesnut, Clay, Cntienderi, Davn, DoupSas, Fitzpatrick,
Foster, Green, Gwni, Hale, Hammond, Hunter, Iverson,
Jontw, Lane, Mailoty. Mason, Pearce. Polk, Pugh, R<$d,
Rice. Sebastian, Seward, Shdell, Stuait, Toombs, VVaid,
and Yulee—34.
NAYS —Hiodeiick, Chandler, Clark, Collafner,
Dixon, Doolittlf. Dnrkee, Fitch, Harlan, Johnson of Ten-
iiess.ee, King, Tiumbull, and Wade—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. 1 have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads; and if the Senate will favor me with their
ear for a moment, 1 will explain very briefly the
necessity for the amendment which i propos#on
this bill. The number of letters passing between
the Pacific and Atlantic States, is two million
forty-four thousand two hundred and sixty-six;
and of newspapers, three million nine hundred
and forty-nine thousand five hundred and eighty-
three in the year. The commerce between the
two coasts is very large, and the commercial in-
tercourse, therefore, of very great consequence.
The arrangements for the transmission of the
mails between the two coasts expire on the 30th
of September coming. Unless provision is made
at this session for the continuance of that service,
the mails must cease between the Atlantic and
Pacific. It had been the purpose of the Post Of-
fice Committee to propose the amendment which
I now offer upon the usual appropriation bill re-
lating to ocean service; but that has been finally
tabled in the House of Representatives, and hence
the necessity of my moving upon this bill, inap-
propriate as it may seem, the amendment which
I send to the Chair. I will state to the Senate
that the arrangement we propose, and to which,
I believe, the parties accede, will, with a better ser-
vice than we have now, reduce the cost $.950,000,
and at the same time we reserve to the Postmas-
ter General the right at any time after two years
to terminate this contract, and make any other ar-
rangement he pleases. It is the best arrangement
which the Government could possibly make un-
der the circumstances.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
is hereby authorized and directed to contract with respons-
ible parties tor the transportation of the United States mails
between New York and Astoria, via Panama and San
Francisco, semi-monthly, and require said contactors to
transport on the Pacific ocean ouch mail matter a  may pass
over the Tehuantepec route, as heiemafrer authorized :
Provided, That the time between New York and San Fran-
cisco shall not exceed twenty two days, and that the whole
coit shall not evece.d $50.3,000 per annum for the service
between New York and Astoria.
Jlnd be it furthei enacted, That the Postmaster General
shall also contiact with responsible parlies Jor the trans-
portation of the maiis, semi monthly, between New Orleans
and San Francisco, via Tehuantepec, and arrange lor the
connection of said mails on the Pacific with the mails via
Panama, as directed m the preceding section : Provided^
That the tune between New Orleans and San Francisco
shall not exceed fifteen days, and that the cost of service
shall not exceed $"2.>0,000 per annum.
Jlnd be it fuythei enacted, That the contract*? herein di-
rected, shall be made for a term of five yeais, with the right
reserved to the Postmaster General to terminate them at
any time after the expiration of two years, having given
six mouths previous notice of his intention.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no provision for
the Atlantic service across the ocean.
Mr. YULEE. No; it is confined to the Cali-
fornia service, which is a necessary service.
Mr. CLAY. I want to ask the necessity of
two mail lines to California. Why must you
have one from New Orleans and one from .New
York? Why cannot one supply all the service
of the country ? Cannot you get a mail through
faster from New York to New Orleans by rail-
road and thence by steamer, than go by steamer
from New York, and if so, why duplicate the
service, why double the expense? Do you wish
to supply the means of conveyance for passen-
gers from New York in steamers? If you do that,
then I can understand why you should have both,
but if you intend merely to carry themail,if you
mean merely to facilitate the communication by
letter or newspaper between the two sections of
the country, the mail steam line from New York
is entirely superfluous, and I will not vote for it.
Mr. YULEE. In our legislation we must have
regard to existing interests; we must legislate
with reference to a conservative policy in the ad-
ministration of the Government. Here is a ne- |
cessity to maintain a certain reliable intercourse I
between the Pacific and the Atlantic States. There
are two requirements: one which renders neces-
sary a communication from the Atlantic States,
the business of which mostly centers at New
York—New York being the point at which com-
j mercial relations with the Pacific mainly center;
' and then the valley of the Mississippi, "which
finds its way through New Orleans. Recognizing
this necesssity under the existing contracts for
the last ten years, the Government has provided
a line from New Orleans and a line from New
York, precisely as we propose now. The Sen-
ator from Alabama says, why not adopt a single
one? The line by the way ofTehuantepec will
not be so convenient at present for New York,
and the line by the way of Panama will not be so
convenient at present for the Mississippi valley;
and the line by the way of Tehuantepec is yet
too new to be entirely relied upon for the trans-
mission of the important mails between the two
coasts, while the line by the way of Panama is
in a condition to give us perfect assurance on that
point. If the Tehuantepec route were fully de-
veloped, if the Nicaragua route were open, it
might be the interest of the Government, as it
was my desire, to throw these various routes into
competition, and to employ only one; but Tehuan-
tepec is not in a condition to enter into the com-
petition; Nicaragua is still closed; and, therefore,
considering the duty of the Government, thUfer-
rangement appears to be the very best in our
power at present, reducing the cost $250,000, and
reserving to ourselves the privilege, at the end of
two years, of terminating this whole contract,
thus making it & temporary arrangement, and
saving for the Government the benefit that may
result to it in the course of the next two years by
the entire development of Tehuantepec, by the
opening of Nicaragua, and by the opening of any
other line which may be able to come into com-
petition for this service. It is a service which
we must keep up, and keep up on a safe and re-
liable footing. This is the only mode of doing it,
and I think we have been very fortunate in being
able to make arrangements hy which we are as-
sured that parties will be willing to take a con-
tract terminating at the end of two years, if the
Government so please, for a sum so much less
than we have been paying in the last ten years,
and have a service so much better than we have
had during the last ten years, both for the North
and for the South and West.
Mr. PUGH. I recollect, a year ago, when this
subject was before the Senate, I then objected to
the continuance of the present system, because
the contract for carrying the mails from Panama
to San Francisco was to expire during that year,
and I insisted at that time that these routes should
be put up to competition. This amendment offers
no competition. It fixes the mail pay absolutely,
and leaves it to the pure personal choice of the
Postmaster General to select the party who shall
carry the mail. He can do it wisely or unwisely;
he can choose whomsoever he pleases. It is a
mere personal choice of his own. The amount
of the pay being fixed by act of Congress, there
is no competition; no chance to save a cent on the
amount stated.
Mr. YULEE. The provision is only that it
shall not exceed that sum.
Mr. PUGH. Very well; we know what that
means. I was answered, when I endeavored to
inaugurate that reform, and the Senate will recol-
lect we were so shocked at that time with these
mail contracts that the appropriation bill passed
by barely one majority; the Senator from Vir-
ginia promised me that this year, when the con-
tract on the Atlantic side, from New York and
New Orleans to Chagres, would expire, the sub-
ject should be entirely revised, and a comprehen-
sive plan brought forward at this session. None
has been produced. We are here again on the
last day of the session with a proposition to con-
tinue the existing contracts for five years, with
the privilege to the Postmaster General of end-
ing them in two years. It is just to continue the
system on, and on, and on, and we shall never
see the end of it.
Now, sir, we have come to the point that the
last of these contracts expires. They were ori-
inally designed to expire all at once, that is to
say, the contract from New York to Chagres,the
contract with the Panama railroad, and the con-
tract from Panama to San Francisco; but, by
sonic management, they made one of them term-
inate a year before the others; and when the first
one went out, and we wanted to alter the business,
we were told to wait for the last. We have waned
for the last; and now, instead of reform, the
amount is, to be sure, something less than what
they received before; but we are asked to go on
for two or five years. It was stated at the last
session, arid not denied—I believe it was stated
by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr, Toombs,]—
that one of these lines absolutely paid from forty
to fifty thousand dollars per month to Mr, Van-
derbilt not to run in competition. They bought
him off. They could do th'at out of the money
you gave them by act of Congress—could afford
to buy off competition. Therefore, I do not won-
der that they are willing now to take something
less than the former price; but, if these routes
cannot be sustained under the postages, accord-
ing to the amendment of the Senator from North
