m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Mr. GrIDDINGS, I will come to that presently.
I would do justice, and only justice between these
two parties. I was going on to say that I did not
believe Mr. Botts or Mr. Ingersoll had one iota
of equitable claim upon this Government. I think
it was wrong to depart from the good old rule
which I have mentioned. I believe it was wrong
to have paid Mr. Rotts, but the committee will
recollect that yesterday I,advocated equal justice
to all men.
Mr. COVGBE. I would- like t<x know whether
by paying a qlaim that is not just, because another
that is not'just has been made, is doing equal jus-
tice to all men ?
Mr. GIDDINGrS. I will answer my friend
from Pennsylvania. I have always protested
against this departure from the original rule.
That was my principle; but Congress has de-
parted from U. They have set the old rule at
naught. Charles J. Ingersoll is now the only
man on the list of contestants who has not been
paid. Now that is an odious distinction which
1 do not want to have made, even in wrong. I
would deal out to this man even injustice.
The question being on the motion of Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee, that the bill be laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do not pafcs,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Mississippi, and Walbridge were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers icported
—ayes 49, noes 70.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motioq^pf Mr.
Washburn, of Maine, that the bill be jpid aside,
to be reported to the House^ith a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
II. T,. B. CLARK.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask that the
committee, at this time, by general consent, fake
up the bill for the relief of R. L. B. Clark, to pay
him his per diem and mileage for contesting the
seat of Mr. Hall.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object.
LEEP AND M'KEE.
The next bill on the Calendar was a bill (H. R.
No. 20G) to indemnify Henry Leef and John
McKce for illegal seizure of a certain bark.
The bill was read. It authorizes and instructs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Henry
Leef and John McKee, out of any money in the
Treasury nototherwise appropriated, the amount
of actual loss which may ue shown to his satis-
faction to have been sustained by them, in conse-
quence of the act of Alexander H. Tyler, form-
erly consul at Rahia, in seizing, detaining, aiwl
sending home the vessel Mary Teresa, the prop-
erty of TIenry Leef, in the year 1848.
The report was read as follows:
The Committee on Commerce, to whom was refenod the
petition of Henry Loci, a citizen of Matylaml, and John
MeKee.a citizcn of New York, beg leave to «ubuut the lol--
lowmg import:
The petition in this case was ojiginaliv presented to the
House of Representatives on the Gih July, Jc^is. On the
26th Januar), 1849, Mi. Grinnell, tioui ihe (.'onmuiieo on
t'ommtiree. made a favorable report on >.nd claim, accom-
panied by a bill; and on the '20th Felmiaty. 18.")'.}, Mr. Dan-
iel, liom'the same committee, aHo math* a {'notable icpoit.
Neither of the?e report?, was acted on bv traFJlou^e. The
committee have carefully examined the documents referred
with the petmoiij and compaied them with the facts as nar-
jated in thev; repoitb, and lind thev -no eoueetly ,-tau:d
ihetem From those it appeals that Henry JjcpI ;s a cit-
izen of the United States, engaged in business in the citv
of iialtimore as a slup-ownei and merchant, and that, m
the month of July, 1817, he became tin* uwiie. of a vc.-sel
which had been wrecked in Chesapeake bay, condemned,
and sold at public auction, ni the city ot Ddltimoie. This
purchase and owiieiflnp was immediately made known 10
the Government of the IJtwlcui State , together with a iy-
quest for infoimation and mstiactions fiom the piopei De-
partment a -to the requisite and necessary formalities of
clearance, &e., t<> enable Henry Leet to send thi> ve-^el
to a ioreign poit tor sale.
"By letter,dated loth July, 1S47, Henry Leef was in-
formed by the iSecretaiy of the Ticanny thai iiie ve.-sel,
b# ing of foreign build, could not locoive papei - of any de.-
FCiiption under the resisterui? ot licensing lews or ifio Uni-
ted States. And he was further reh-ned to the eomui of
tlie country to which it wad proposed to send tue ^e^el,
jesiding m Baltimore, for information as to the pioper for-
malities and evidence of ownership. The vessel was ac-
cordingly loaded with fiojur, partly m Baitimoie and pauiy
in Richmond, Virginia, and cleared in conl'oinnty with tho
requisite and usual formalities, not only in respect to the
Vaws of the United States, but also to tho e of lirazil, the
place of her destination. She reached the port of Pcrnam-
buco in November, 1847, where all the requisite and usual
formalities of entrance, Sec., were complied with, and the
customary facilities of the consul of the .United States ren-
dered. Aftei landing a portion of her cargo, she ptoceeded,
with a view to a more favorable market, to the port of Ba-
hia, where she safely arrived, and where the usual form-
alities were complied with, in respect to the United States
consulate at that poit. It further appears that the consul
at this port pronounced her to be confiscated to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, in consequence of her not
being furnished or presenting the necessary registers or
papeis to prove her nationality, notwithstanding the fullest
and most satisfactory proofs of ownership and citizenship,
I dulyauthenticated.were presented to the said con*ul, and by
: him returned to the Secretary of State of the United States,
j Accordingly, the said vessel,' the bark Mary Teresa,1
I was taken possession o! by the consul of the United States
; m Bahia, Alexander H. Tyler, on the 20th January, 1848,
| and, under his directions and authority, aruved in the port
of Philadelphia in the month oi'Mav, 184cL and wasdehvcied
: up totheauthoimesof the United States them; aftei which,
j the particulars of the case having been leceived at Wasli-
; m^ton, tlie vcosel was released by tlie authorities of the
' United States, and the proceedings of tne United States
j consul explicitly disavowed ; all which pioceedings of the
} authoimes ot the United States have involved the petition-
i era, Henry Leef and John McICoo, the &upH-eargo of said
! vcssfl, m sei ions"damage and lo-s. fully set foith in their
, details in the papers accompanying the petition."
j In icply to a commnmcauon addicssed by your commit-
j tee to the Seeictary of State, a copy of the corre-pondcncp
■ which took place at the time between oui consul, Mr. Ty-
l ler, and our minister at Rio, and our then Seciataiy ot State,
! ha-j been furnished. by which it appears that our Minister,
! Mr. Todd, entirely disapproved of the coui&e and conduct
of Mr. Tyler in seizing and detaining the vessel. Mi. Ty-
ler, ho\v  vcr, having determined to carry out his design to
treat the vessel as confiscated to tho Government, on tho
J9ih of January, 184^, Mi. MeKee, as supeicargo and lep-
rescniative of the ovvneis, addtessed a letter to Mr. Tyler,
m which, alter reciting the action of tho consul, in icft.r-
ence to  aid vessel, ho says - '• 1 have no recouw; hut to
abandon her, which I heiehy do to jou, as consul of the
United States and as the repiesentative ot the Government,
tbeieof; hereby solemnly piotestmg against you. a> consul
of the United States and the icpre^entative oi the Govem-
incnt thereof, lor the value of the said baik Maiv Teiesa,
owned by Henry Leef, of Maltimote, of two hundred and
fifty-ono tons burden, and for all damages acciumg to all
and every peison concerned m said vessel or caigo, which
I estimate at tinny thousand silver dollais/5
If thu> apf)cais that a wrong has been done to two of our
(uizeiis by ihe representative agent of the Government in
a loreiiin land while in tho exercise of his functions, and
acting in behalf of, and m the name of the United State*.
Fn a letter of Mr Buchanan to Mr. Grinncll, dated 11th
July, 1848, in ansivei to the question whether the Govci li-
me ut was liable *vtor the illegal act< ofitsoiIicei.-<p''ho replies
m ihe negative; but conclude^ with the lenuik : '* Sueli,
undoubtcdlv, is the general rule; but very stiong and pe-
culiar case* may proMjni exceptions. It is, however, lor the
legislative branch of the Government to decide, in its discre-
tion, whether, under the circumstances, the case of llenry
Leef be of this character."
Without intending to enter into any discussion as to the
extent of this liability Of the Government for tlie acts of its
agents, the committee concur with the opinion of their pre-
,deccs*ors here refeired to, that this is a cas>e m which Con-
gie^s should nucipo,>e to giant relief.
There 11 a with' distinction betweentJic rase of an offieei
of iho Government doing an illegal act while in the employ-
ment ot an individual, and acting fot him, as lor the im-
proper sei vice ot a wnt at the suit of a citizen, and the act
of such .in oliioer while m the discharge ot an olhcial duty
as the agent of the Government, and proceeding in Us name
and for its use In the ca*e betore u&, the acuon was in
tended --oielv lor the benefit of the Government, to enforce
Us lavv^; and if the ship had been finally condemned, her
value would have gone into the Tre<u>u*iyof the Govern-
ment.
Tho committee have examined a larg^numbei of cases
m winch the (Government has acknowledged its liability
in analogous eases, and select the lollowing ca*es as sufli-
cicntlv conclusive ot the past action of the Government:
Match .11, 1814. Act to ieunhur*e Samuel Ellis, matshaj
Distiict of Maine, amount oi judgment recoveied against
hiin fot *ei/atig ceilain flour.
Kcln uarv £7. I £15 Act to reimburse Joel ma Rands*, col-
lector at New Voile, amount ol judgment lecovered against
him for seizing eeitam vessels.
May 19, Act to icimbursc Archibald Clark, col-
leetoi at St Maty'*, amount ol judgmentrtcoveied against
him for detaining whip Apollo.
July 11, Act to pay the'amount of eeitam judg-
ments leccveiefl against lire marshal for the district of
Pennsylvania, lor seizing ccrtam teas, to the parties mter-
e*t"d therein.
M i: ch 18.'!3. Act to reimburse Cyrenius Hall, collect-
or at Sandnskj. amountofjuiigmentrecovered agam&tlum
for seizing a vessel.
Juno 30.1831. Act to leimburse W. C. H. Waddell,
amount of judgment recovered agunsthim, as marshal, in
seizing rteuam biandies. '
July 7, 18113. Act to reimburse David Geletm, collector
of iVcw Vork, amount of judgment iccoveied against lam
lor *eizmg the ship American i'latde
Tim only other case necessary to refer to, i-  that of John
O'Suinvan, whose vessel was seized bv John M. Forbes, the
cr.mni ;rcial and political agent of the Gof&nment of the
United States at Duenoi A>ies. The ca>e was referred to the
Sccrefaiv of the Tieu*ury, I\lr. Woodbury, by the Senate,
and, after h.s repoit tlieieon, an act was passed providing
foi compensation, JuIyO, 1S3G .Mr Woodbury's report will
be found ut Document No. 5, Twenty-Third Congress,
second session, and is dated Decembor"8, 1834, The lia-
bilities of the Government for the acts of its agents, as
therein maintained.44 extend only to such acts as arise from
gtossneghgence in discharge of official duties, or fiom omis-
sion to peifoim them; and,even m these eases, the per-
sons suffering should either resort to the agent early, and,
in a suit with him, establish his liability, and the amount
of damage, or report only to ihe Government^ and make out
a very clear case, so that redress might be had b> the Gov- 1
eminent on his personal responsibility on lu  ofheial bonds
and sureties, jf any existand the. repoit conclude*,in
many cases, the Government has iefused to indemnify the
claimants themselves, the ougmal snlie.rers, unless" first
showing, with clearness, pros-: neglect or icro'w> by the of-
ficers m the dischaigeof their official obligations." Mr.
Woodbury was of opinion mat tho parties had been guilty
of laches. He says " the vessel was sold in this country
in the beginning of the year 3 80*. The fu>t petition pre-
sented to Congress was not anti* the yeai 18-23 " In the
case now presented to the consideration of the Hdfase, the
parties have been prompt in the pursuit of their rights. The
vessel arrived at Philadelphia m May, 18iS ; and, as sonn
as the Government ordeied hci discharge, to wit: in July,
1848, the petition was presented to this bod v.
It would seem to be a pioper pohev, as well as a duty of
the Government, to protect its officer-! from liability when-
ever they act in good faith in the asL-eition of ji- lights Sir
Wdham Scott, in the case of the Actco.n,m adjuring a
question of damace arising out of an illegal captme, says:
" It does not appeal that Gaptum Capo! is chargeable with
having acted fiom any con upt or malicious motive ; and it,
as I believe to be tlie case, he has acted fiom a sens-e of
duty and obedience to orders, I can have no doubt he will
be indemnified upon apropei jepresentation to Government.
The eumiiiKtee aie of opinion that the facts of this case
hung it wiihm tlie admitted exception to the rule as laid
down bv Mi Huchanau. It is boih a spotig and peculiar
ease. The consul at ila'na was the soie repiesentative of
the Government at TJahsa. There v\a.s no appeal fiom Ins
deci.sion in the custoiiv and management of the vessel. It
is better that the Government thou Id hold itself ie*pon i-
ble ioi Ins acts, than, bj denung us re*pon&ibiluv, to unite
that lesist.-mcp winch the common law justifies m the pio-
teeiion or property against ticspas&eis.
The subject is one ot great nnpoitance to j,he protection
of on i common" C, a=> is evidence d by petitions m this ta&'j
Jrom out principal commercial marts, signed by their most
distinguished merchant*.
Our Goveinment has not faded to demand indemnity
fiom foreign countries when the lights of our merchants
have been violated by theirofficials, and 11 would seem that
a like indemnity is due to those who have*u Teied Irom our
own.
Your committee, theiefore, following the act of July 2,
IcyW, in the case of O'Suihvaii, report the accompanying
bill, and recommend its parage.
Mr. HUGHES. The report that has been read
presents to the House the facts in this ease. There
is no counter-report. The report makes out a
very clear case, and a very just claim. The gen-
tleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Eustis,] who made
thig report, is not in the House; and I move that
the btl! be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise for the pur-
pose of expressing my decided dissent from tho
principle of the report, and of the bill, which ia
the consequence of that report. It involves a very
important principle, it is true, to the commerce of
the country; but it also involves a very'important
principle in relation to the Treasury. Are we to
settle, by affirming the principle of this bill, that
every public agent, no matter what his unlawful
conduct, has a right to fix the liability on the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Many of the cases
referred to in this report, claimed to be precedents
for our favorable action in this case, are altogether
on adifierent gronnd. They show only that where
an agent of the Government acted illegally, and
trespassed on the rights of individuals, the ques-
tion was fairly investigated where the whole mer-
its of the controversy could be looked into, and
the public agent who was sought to be made re-
sponsible for his illegal conduct would, for his
own interest, see the necessity of vigilantly de-
fending himself.
But what protection is there here for the Gov-
ernment? Who is to protect it by the intervention
of a jury? Who is to protect jt according to the
rules of evidence? Who is to protect it in the
cross-examination of witnesses? Nobody but a
committee of this House, acting on cxpaite testi-
mony, without any of the usual precautions for the
eliciting of the truth. 1 will state to the Committtee,
also, that this is not the only case where the same
principle is involved. Notatall. There are other
heavy, cluims now pending before the House, in-
volving the responsibility of the United States,
through their agents, for very large amounts. Gen-
tlemen should not lightly dispose df this cose, be-
cause their action involves a very large amount.
Mr. WA3HBURNE, of Illinois. I am not
aware that there are other cases of this kind.
There is certainly no other before the Committee
on Commerce, and 1 do not know that there «is
any before the House, involving the principles
that are involved in this.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Sir, there is a case
in this House in which public agents on the plains
