1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
arc Bought to be held accountable, and in whicfh
it is attempted to make the Government of the
United States responsible for the acts of those
agents. There is one single case here of this kind,
to the amount of some hundred thousand dollars.
The whole matter rests upon the question, is the
Government of the United States responsible for
the illegal, unlawful, or mistaken conduct of its
public agents? The report that has been read'
states that there is no necessity to go iijto that
question; but, as I conceive, the only question in
this case—g,nd one involving a very great prin-
ciple—is, shall we recognize the doctrine that in
every case in which a party may be aggrieved by
the erroneous or illegal conduct of a public agent
of this Government, the Government is, per se,
responsible to the citizen aggrieved ?
Mr. HUGHES. Suppose the citizens of a
foreign country, or the agents of a foreign Gov-
ernment, commit depredations on our commerce:
would the gentleman from "Virginia hold it to be
the duty of this Government to demand satisfac-
tion, and to protect its citizens?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly.
Mr. HUGHES. And is not the obligation still
stronger when the depredations are committed by
the agents of our own Government?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, i ask the gentle-
man, who has been a judge, and is a lawyer of"no
medium ability, whether the Government which
employs an agent authorizes him to do illegal
acts? In other words, is a man, or a Government,
responsible for the illegal acts of an agent?
Now, in this particular case, the consul of the
United States,at Bahia,in seizing this vessel, was
acting rightfully or wrongfully. That is clear.
If he was acting lightfully, then there js no claim
for damages. If he was acting wrongfully, then
he, and not the Government, is responsible. But
if a public agent is acting according to Ins instruc-
tions, and commits a trespass on the rights of
another, and if he is sued for damages, and, on
a careful, thorough examination, a jury finds
against him, then that individual, if he comes to
Congress and presents a proper case, may expect
to be relieved by a law passed for that purpose.
That is the chaiacter of many of the precedents
referred to in this report.
I, however, know nothing of the case. I sim-
ply rose in my place, as one of the Representatives
of the people, to protest against the assumed doc-
trine of the liability of the Government for the
acts of its agents, when they arc done in viola-
tion of law, and when he commits a wrongful
trespass on the property of a citizen.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask tho
gentleman asinglequestion: whether he, asa law-
yer, will undertake to say, that when my agent,
acting within tho scope of his instructions and on
tRe subject-matter about winch ho is employed,
transcends tho authority I have given him about
that particular business, and violates the rights of
my neighbor, I am not legally responsible for his
acts ? 1 ask that now, as a simple question of
law.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman min-
gles in his question that which is appropriate and
that which is inappropriate. 1 am surprised that
a lawyer should so confound the two sorts of re-
sponsibility. A public agent, acting within the
scope of his authority, is, of course, to be pro-
tected. A public agent, acting outside of the scope
ofhisRUtliority, and committmga trespass, is per-
sonally liable, and has no right to fix the respons-
ibility upon the Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman whether
there is any distinction, cither m law or in mor-
als, between a private and a public agent, so far
as holding the principal responsible for the acts
of the agent is concerned ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Undoubtedly not.
If I gmploy an agent to consummate any partic-
ular policy that I have marked out for him, and
if he injures another, while acting within the
scope of his authority, I am responsible. But
when I employ a man, and do not authorize him,
in his dealings with another, to knock him on the_
head, I should be sorry to fix on myself the re-
sponsibility for murder.
Now, does the Government of the United States,
when it employs u consul in a distant port to I
perform consular duties, authorize that consul, |
under color of authority, to commit a gross tres- j
pass on tho rights and property of a third person ? :
The Government is no more responsible in the
one case than I am in the other. Neither the
Government nor the individual is responsible for
the unlawful conduct of its agent.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman concedes
the principle that the Government is liable for the
acts of its agent precisely in the same manner and
to the same extent as a private individual is re-
sponsible for the acts of his agent, then he and .I
stand together; and on that principle we agree.
Mr. HUGHES. I have only a general knowl-
edge of this case. I am not familiar with the de-
tails. But the knowledge I have of it leads me
to the conclusion that the claim is just, and that
it ought to be paid. I regret that the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Eostis,] who reported this
bill, is not here to advocate it before this com-
mittee. I trust, however, that other members of
the Committee on Commerce will take his place,
and perform that duty. My purpose m rising
now is simply to reply to some of the objections
urged by the gentleman from Virginia; and I do
believe that if the gentleman from Virginia had
given to this case a proper examination, he would
not have been found objecting to it here to-day. I
may say, in the commencement, that it is hardly
necessary I should proceed to answer the argu-
ment made by the gentleman against this claim;
for in his concluding remarks he declared that
he knew nothing about it. I bad come to the
conclusion that he knew nothing about it before
he so frankly made the acknowledgment before
tho committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I stated, Mr. Chair-
man, that I know nothing more about it than what
1 gathered froth the reading of the report, and I
should like to know if the gentleman from Indiana
knows anything more?
Mr. HUGHES. I will try and enlighten the
gentleman before I have done. This claim, Mr.
Chairman, addresses itself to the justice and
equity of the Government. This claimant simply
asks at the hands of the Government what he
deems to be his right, leaving the Government it-
self to be the judge in the case. This committee
has shown in its report a long line of precedents,
in which that which this claimant seeks has been
uniformly extended by the Government to other
claimants. The gentleman from Virginia speaks
as though the Government did not have a double
duty to perform. He looks to the question of
liability alone; and asks, repeatedly, whether
the Government is liable for the acts of its agent,
1 wish to remind the gentleman that the petitioner
is a citizen of this Republic, and is entitled to the
protection of the Government. It is the high and
bounden duty of the Government to protect the
commerce of the country, not only against those
who perpetrate outrages upon it, in the name of
foreign Governments; not only from the agents of
foreign nations, but from its own agents. This
claimant is entitled to that protection. He has
been injured by the act of a public agent of the
Government; and tho character and official weight
of tho Government has been brought to bear
against him. He comes here and appeals to the
equity and justice of Congress to extend to him,
that protection which it would not hesitate to ex-
tend if the wrong had been done by the agent of
a foreign Government.
Shall the Government abnegate its duty? Shall
it decline to protect its commerce and its citizens,
and take shelter behind- the plea that the wrong
done was the act of its agents ? Shall it say that
it is not responsible for the wrongful acts of its
agent, even though he bring the official character
and influence and weight of his Government to
crush down the private citizen ? Shall it say, let
the party go the coutts and sue ?
Well, sir, if that doctrine is to obtain here, we
ought to hear no more about reclamations against
Spain, about the taking of Cuba, and about erect-
ing the standarrf of war and summoning our vol-
unteers around it, because the commerce of this
country has suffered depredations from foreign
nations. Away, sir, with that kind of justice
which would enforce the rights of the citizens of
this Government at the cannon's mouth against
Governments abroad, and €eny them common,
simple justice here at homo. I differ with the gen-
tleman's law, As to the facts, he has stated none
upon which 1 can make up an issue with him. He
has ignored all the facts of the case, and told us
he knows nothing about them.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Allow me to say
one word. I heard the report read, and, assum-
ing all the facts to exist as stated', I .argued that
those facts developed a principle important in its
character as subjecting the United States to lia-
bility for the wrongful acts of its various agents;
and I said that it was a principle too important
in its consequences to be lightly recognized and
adopted by the Government of the United States.
If the gentleman can make anything out of that,
let Mm do it.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman stated some
facts that do not appear in the report. He stated
that there were otner cases of this kind pending.
I call upon him to name a single case.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I stated that there
were other cases involving the same principle—
that the Government of the United States is re-
sponsible for the wrongful acts of its agents. I
merely mentioned that as a fact, because I desire
the members of this House to be cautious how
they establish the principle involved in this bill. '
Mr. HUGHES. I understood the gentleman's
argument exactly. Other cases behind the cur-
tain were held up in terrorem over this committee,
to keep them from doing justice in this cas^t I
call upoh the gentleman to specify what those'eases
are. A member of the committee which reported
this bill has told us that there are no such cases
before his committee; and the gentleman faom
Virginia, when interrogated, is unable to specify
a single case of this kind before Congress.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am rather sur-
prised that the gentleman, when I state a fact,
should question it.
Mr. HUGHES. I do not do that.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, you do. I
say it is a fact. That is all. I would not say it
if I did not know it. But why go into other cases
on a question of this sort ?
Mr. HUGHES'. That is well said. Why go
into other cases ? Why not let this case rest upon
its own merits?
Now, I wish to call the attention of the gerflle-
man from Virginia and of the committee to soma
of the facts stated in this report:
" Tim committee have examined alarge number of eases
in which the Government lias acknowledged it? liability in
analogous eases, and select the following cases as sulli-
ciently conclusive of the past action of the Government:
" March 31,1814. Act to reimburse Samuel Ellis, mar-
shal, Distnct of Maine, amount of judgment recovered
against him for seizing certain flour."
Then follows a long list of cases. The pre-
cedents are uniform. These are facts read in the
hearing of the gentleman from Virginia, and yet"
they appear to have made no impression upon
his mind.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let me call the at-
tention of the gentleman to the fact that the great
body, if not all, of those cases are cases in which
the officer acting wrongfully was sued in a court,
and by the verdict of a jury of his countrymen
had the responsibility fixed upon him, and ap-
pealed to Congress to protect him against that
verdict. If the man who is now seeking this re-
lief had sued this consul, and upon a judicial in-
vestigation in a court, surrounded by all those pre-
cautions which the law has interposed for tho
purpose of securing a rightful result, had estab-
lished this result by a jury of his countrymen, then
he might hav&pome here with a higher degree of
plausibility than exists atpresent,and appealed to
the justice of Congress for relief." But he did nojt
choose to go into this preliminary inquiry; and I
say to the gentleman that that fact tells against
him; it is a rightful inference that there is some-
thing rotten in his claim.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman requires, then,
that an issue shall be made up and tried before a
jury, to inform his conscience as a chancellor in
the case, before he can vote for the claim. How
many cases are there before this committee that
require to be examined into by a jury, as to the
facts, after a standing committee of this House has
made the examination provided for by the forms
of doing business here ? The gentleman is going
to start technical objections, to make sharp points,
to interpose sharp practice, to defeat a citizen who
is seeking justice at the hands of his Government.
That is the difficulty; there has been no jury in
the case. Well, the Committee on Commerce is
my jury. They have examined the facts in this
case, and have reported favoraWy, and there is no
counter report.
