1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1611!
have heretofore been paying, with the opportu-
nity to the Government to reform its plan when-
ever and as soon as a better development of the
different routes and a more general completion
and better condition of the several isthmus routes,
capable for competition, willenableusto do better.
The objection to making provision for a single
year only, is this: it requites a very large outlay
to conduct this business well and safely and re-
liably; and it is quite uncertain whether we can
make arrangements with these parties for a year,
and we shall therefore run a risk of having our
mails left in the post offices on both sides; but,
under the arrangement we propose, which con-
templates a contract at five years, if the Govern-
ment shall continue to think its interest is to do
so, and thus gives these parties, if the Govern-
ment can make no better arrangement, the assur-
ance that they will have it, and give to the Gov-
ernment a certainty of this service for two years,
and reserve to the Government the right to end
it at that time, we shall be able to procure con-
tracts with reliable parties, and have the service
done, and the difference at last would be but a
difference of one year. While, on the one hand,
with the arrangement proposed by the committee,
we shall be certain to have the service, and have
it well done; on the other hand, it would be un-
certain; and if it should prove to be ineffective,
our mails would be left* in the post offices, and we
should be without service between these two im-
portant sections of the country—a service not
only important to the commercial intercourse of
the country, but highly important for Govern-
ment purposes, and necessary to be maintained
with regularity and expedition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Senator from Vermont hav-
ing put his amendment in form, it will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment; which is, in the third scction, to strike
out all after the word " made," in the third line,
and insert " for the year ending the 30th of June,
I860;" so as to make the section read:
v1n<l he it further enacted, That the contract5; herein di-
rected bball be made ioi the year ending the 30th of June,
1860.
Mr. PUGH. There is no such difficulty as the
Senator from Florida suggests. We have already
a contract by the way.of Tehuantepec.
Mr. YULEE. That expires on the 30th of
September.
Mr-. PCJGH. And the other expires. The par-
ties are there. They will be very glad to continue
that service another year. There is no competi-
tion, as he states the case, because the routes are
private property. The only competition you
will ever get will be between the routes; but as
the parties arc there on every one of the routes,
with all their moans of conveyance, they will be
very glad to take the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont, if they cannot get the other. I
ask for the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. It is perfectly plain, by the
statement from the Post Office Committee, that
our arrangements for carrying the mails to the
Pacific will be at an end and cease, and we shall
be without mails for the future, unless the whole
matter is organized anew, or continued on the
basis of the old organization. What the com-
mittee propose to do is feasible; what they pro-
pose to do is convenient; and it seems to me every
one sees there ought to be communication between
New York and San Francisco once a week.
That is exactly what the amendment of the com-
mittee proposes—to establish a mail once a week
between New York and the Pacific coast. They
propose to do this by establishing two semi-
monthly passages, the one by way of the Isthmus
of Panama, and the other from New York prac-
tically by way of New Orleans and the Isthmus
of Tehuantepec.
It seems to me a great deal better that the mail
shall be carried over these two routes for many
reasons. It is impossible to carry out any object
in the world that will not have incidental bearings
and relations, and it is always wise, as it is un-
avoidable, that you shall regard the incidental
effect of the measures proposed as well as the pu-
mary object. It is very eei tain that, if we do not
have better success hereafter in carrying these
mails over routes of which we have no political
jurisdiction, there may be interruptions, and it is
wise, therefore, to have two routes instead of one.
The increased service is rendered immaterial to
the Treasury by the fact that the whole service
by the two routes will cost no more than the ser-
vice by one route at present. But it is not merely
the interest of carrying the mail that is involved.
The Government itself has large freights and
munitions of war, and it is desirable to have the
great amount of bullion of gold that comes across
the isthmus come regularly. It now comes by
but one route, practically liable to the danger of
being cut off by the interruption of that route.
Why should we not have two routes, when we
can have them for the same expense that we now
; pay for one? In regard to the details 
j Mr. RIGLEU. Allow me to suggest that it is
j impossible to hear a word that the Senator from
| New York says. We are very anxious to hear
j him; but on this side of the I-Iouse it is impos-
sible to catch a word. If the Senator would speak
i louder, we could hear him.
| Mr. SEWARD. I was going to say that, in
| regard to the details, I do not know that the com-
I mittee have provided the best possible details—
i the wisest ones—for carrying out this system; but
: what does appear to be plain is, that it is either
! this plan which they have furnished us, or no
! other one, that we can adopt. If we are sure it
i can be carried into effect, why not take it? We
, are not entirely independent. We are one con-
! trading party. Those who have capital, and who
; have control of these routes, are another contract-
ing party. I presume the committee have exam-
ined into the subject, and have ascertained what
contracts they can make, and on the best possible
terms to the country; and it seems to me to be
wise to acquiesce in the plan they have suggested
rather than run the risk of losing the entire
benefit.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to say a few words
on this matter; but, before saying them, I want
to call the attention of the Senate to the fact that
I have a very strong personal interest in this ques-.
tion. Some yeais ago 1 became engaged in the
examination of the advantages of the Tehuante-
pec route to our country; took a very deep interest
in it; and T have been for twelve years unremit-
tingly consistent in my efforts to open it, for the
benefit of the country. 1 have a deep pecuniary
interest in it; and I state this in order that Sena-
tors may give all due weight to that fact in rela-
tion to the few remarks I am about to make. I
do not mean to vote upon this amendment; be-
cause, although I suppose I have a right to vote
upon a question of this kind, being a mere stock-
holder in a corporation, yet my interest is so large
a one that I prefer not to vote. I wish to state a
few facts, subject to such deductions from then-
weight as Senators may think proper to attribute
to them; knowing, in advance, that I have a very
large pecuniary interest in this matter.
Prior to the opening of the Tehuantepec route,
the mail to California was carried solely from New .
York by Panama, at a cost of about one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars a year. The Postmas- j
ter General, last year, added a mail twice a month j
by way of Tehuantepec, to give a trial to this
new route, which is from seven to nine days
nearer than the route via Panama. It was sup-
posed that the route could not be a success. I
knew all the geographical features of that country
perfectly well, and never faltered in my entire con-
fidence in the practicability and benefits of the
route. Experience has demonstrated that I was
right, but I shall not dwell on that point.
Now, all these contracts terminate on the 1st
of October next. The Tehuantepec route is a
route across which the mails are carried about
ninety miles in a river steamer, and about one
hundred and fifteen miles in stages. Those one
hundred and fifteen miles requue about eleven or
twelve relays of stages. The average weight of
the mail is from fifteen to twenty tons. If we al-
low each mail wagon or mail stage to carry a ton,
it requires fifteen or twenty wagons to carry the
mail; each of them requires eleven or twelve re-
| lays, and each relay from four to six horses,
! makmgfifty or sixty animals to each one of those
i wagons, or six or seven hundred animals for the
| passage; and they require, ofcourse, their driveis,
) stations, and everything necessary for the pur-
j pose. The service is a new one, and it is expens- !
j lve. Under these circumstances the mail now
i costs, carried as it is, a little over a million dollars
per annum. The proposition as made by the com-
panies engaged in convoying the mail, is to estab-
lish the two lines at the same cost as Congress
formerly paid for the one; that is to say, to make
such deductions from the price of the mail via
Panama, with the consent of the corporations en-
gaged in carrying the mail that way, as will leave
$250,000 for the purpose of keeping- up the addi-
tional mail via Tehuantepec; that is to say, we
shall, under the rate of pay heretofore given to the
Panama route, have a service twice a month over «•
both routes; and the present pay, which is a Jittie
over a million dollars for the two routes, is to be
reduced to $750,000 or $725,000 for the two routes.
It is true that the Tehuantepec company con-
siders that the entire mail ought to go over its
route; thatit is the shortest, the mostexpeditious,
the safest, and directly under our own control in
the Gulf; and I have been urged by thatcompany
very strongly to present its claims for the entire
mail, and for discontinuing the Panama route. I
do not think that judicious or statesmanlike, and
I have declined to do so; and, in my communica-
tions with the Post Office Committee on this sub-
ject, I have told them that, in my opinion, the
Panama line was a great national line; that it
ought to be kept up not only for the gold trade of
California, for postal communication there, for
postal communication with South America, for
postal communication across the western ocean
to Australia and China; but that, independent of
all these considerations, the Panama line ought
to be kept up for communication with California;
for who knows, with the disturbed state of these
Central American countries, that the Tehuantepec
line will not be blocked up by contending mili-
tary factions? The same may occur at Panama;
there may be political difficulties; and then the
entne postal communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans would be cut off. I therefore
dechued'the urgent solicitations of my constitu-
ents in New Orleans, and of this company, to
urge upon Congress thatit should discontinue the
Panama line, and throw the whole mail on the
Tehuantepec line, which is, in my opinion, much
the best line; but still I do not think it wise or
prudent to discontinue the other.
Then the question suggested is, how can the
interests of the Government be best guarded,
how this postal communication be kept up with
entire certainty, and yet the just claims of these
corporations, who have established these two
routes, be satisfied? There have been communi-
cations between the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads and the agents of these different
companies, who have all come to me, in turn, to
talk about them; there have been communications
going on for two months, and the greatest possi-
ble difficulty was found in reconciling the rival
interests; but the committee justly, and according
to my views of propriety, said: " the mail service
must be carried over both these routes at a large
economy; we will not give beyond $750,000 for
the double service; that we will make ourextreme
limit; and these different bidders must manage to
divide that sum amongst themselves as best they
can." I believe that, last week, the agents of
these different corporations did finally agree,
making mutual sacrifices of a portion of their in-
terests in their arrangements for carrying passen-
:! gers, that they would make the double line at this
|, price. It may be too much, in the opinion of
some gentlemen. In my opinion, it is not.
The whole question comes back simply to this:
the mail service stops on the 1st of October next.
It must be continued. Continue it for one year,
if you please, as the Senator from Vermont sug-
gests; or make your contract, as the Post Office
Committee suggests, to expire with the next
Congress, if you please, leaving to Congress the
choice to continue or discontinue .tat its pleasure,
if better arrangements can be made. If the sug-
gestion of the Post Office Committee is adopted,
Congress has the control. If it finds a cheaper
or a better route, it will take it away from these
companies, and establish a new route. If it can-
not find a cheaper or a better route, these com-
panies have no control over the General Govern-
ment by any combinations at all, and it leaves
the whole contiol to the General Government for
five years, h-aving them the light at anytime,
after the lapse of two years, to discontinue any
of them. I think that is the better arrangement.
Mr. HUNTER. I think, if we take the ques-.
