1616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
tion on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, it will pass without further opposition.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall make no objection.
Mr. Co&lamer's amendment to the amendment
was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the committee, as
amended, and on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. PUG-H. I presume the yeas and nays need
not be taken, if the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont is agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. It may save time for me to say
that, at this stage of the session, I do not feel dis-
posed to contest points which are disputed, and
I think it better to make no objection to the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont, and am
willing to let it go on. That will render the call-
ing of the yeas and nays unnecessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the calling of the yeas and nays can be
withdrawn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. We ought to
have the yeas and nays.
Mr. HUNTER. We had better call the roll
at once; it will save time.
Mr. GWIN. As this is a temporary service,
for only nine months, and it is impossible to get
any other legislation on the subject this session,
I shall vote for this amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 13; as follows:
YKAtf—Allen, Ba>ar<J, Bell, Biyler, Bright, Brod-
onek, Brown, ('aineron, ChoMiut, Claik, Ooilamei, Crit-
tenden, l>i\*on, Doolmle, Dtu kee. Fe-^emtun, Foot. Poster,
Green, Oivm, Hate, Hunter, Jone-j, fCinc;, Lane, IWaliory,
Mason, iVaice, folk, i'usjh, ileid, Selne-uan, Scvvaid,
Shield*, Simmons, Shde!l, YVaid, Wilson, and Vulce—3U.
NAYS— MoMf. Chandler, Clay, Clubman, Ilanilm, liar-
Ian, Houston, fvei-jon. Johnson of Tennessee, Rice, Stuait,
Toombs, Trumbull, ami Wade—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to offer this amendment:
For oomplettniithe publication of the lCMilts of the e\ploi-
expedition, tnoluihng salaries, contingent expenses, and
replacing works deployed by I'm;, the sum of $f>7,U:J 15.
Mr. CLAY. 1 dos'ue to know if that is the
Wilkes exploring expedition ?
Mr. HA YARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAY. I think this Government haw
clone enough for him. It haw not only enriehed
him 
Mr. HAYARD I will state the reason for
offering the amendment, if the honorable Senator
will allow me, and leave it fairly to the judgment
of the Senate. I was not a member of the Li-
brary Committee, not even a member of the Sen-
ate, when this publication was fust commenced.
It has cost a great deal of money. Perhaps, in-
deed I may say certainly, if I had been a mem-
ber of the Senate and could have foreseen the cost,
I should have voted against it; but we have com-
menced the work on a great scale; it is ceitainly
a magnificent work; it, is nearly completed; fiom
the nature of the work it was absolutely impos-
sible, when Congress chose to authouze it, that
the exact cost could be ascertained There were
treatises to be written in a great variety of branches
of science connected with the icsults of the ex-
pedition. These were in the hands of different
men of science, and it was impossible to tell at
what time they would be completed, or to what
extent each one would be expanded, until the
woik had progressed very fur. There was irreg-
ularity that far in the action of parties employed
for the purpose of writing these treatises. Now,
however, there is a detailed statement and full
report from the Library Committee, lying on your
table, showing the exact condition of the work,
and its entire cost. There are still outstanding,
one or two treatises not actually in the printer's
hands—one \ believe, not yet completed. The
estimate is strictly in detail, showing that u will
require §57,412 15. That includes £35,146 15 to
complete the work, and $10,760 to replace that
which was destroyed by fne, which certainly
could not be originally anticipated; §6,000 foi the
salaries of the scientific persons engaged in wilt-
ing these treatises, and $5,300 for contingent ex-
penses.
The Library Committee think it would be wiser
to complete the. work, and mako it perfect, when
you have gone to such an expense, and in that
opinion were unanimous, whatever might have
been our individual view, if we could have foreseen
the cost of the work, as to the original order for
publication. You may, however, byanapppro-
pnation of $10,700 less, or $46,646, complete the
works now in progress, including salaries and
contingent expenses, without repairing the loss
which has been sustained by fire. If the Senate
determine that they are unwilling to do that, and
choose to leave the work not complete, some of
the branches of scientific inquiry left out, and one
in the hands of Professor Agassis entirely aban-
doned; if they choose to take that course, then,
for completing the volumes of the exploring ex-
pedition, which are really all finished except bind-
ing, I believe, and bringing the remaining papers
here, it would require $6,220 50. If the Senate
determine that they will abandon the work, sus-
pend it entirely, then the appropriation requisite
for removing this property to Washington, and
putting in the custody of the Librarian the man-
uscripts, plates, &c., which would probably be
placed in the former Judiciary Committee room,
in connection with the Library, the expense con-
nected with that, and the salaries for superin-
tendence, will be $3,600. It is immaterial tome
which is adopted, i think it would be wiser, as
we have commenced a great work which we have
scntabroad to foreign Governments as a specimen
of the progress of science and art in the United
States, to complete it. It was impossible to know,
even during the progress of the work, what its
ultimate cost would be until this time, when it is
so far advanced that we have the entire details;
and I think I can speak with certainty, when I
say, if the Senate choose to adopt the sum now
recommended by the committee, the work will be
cntiiely completed, with the restoration of the
part lost by fire. The Senate must adopt one of
these amendments in common justice.
Mr. MALLORY. Before my friend from Del-
aware sits down, I ask him to inform the Senate
what will be the whole amount.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know; but the chair-
man can tell.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator from Florida
will allow me, I will make a brief explanation;
and I shall be very glad if the Senate will lend me
a little attention; font is absolutely necessary that
the Senate should decide understanding^ on this
question. In 1842, Congress directed the publi-
cation of these results. That was done by a sep-
arate law, which directed the manner of publica-
tion. It was declared that it should be after the
style of the celebrated voyage of the Astrobale.
After very expensive preparation, the committee
oiganizecf the plan of the work long befoie any
member of the present Committee: on the Library
belonged to it; it was several years before I my-
self was a member. We have expended on this
publication, from the day that the law passed un-
til the present time, including the small balance
on hand, $276,000. That, to the Senate, may seem
very large; but they will recollect that there are
twenty-four volumes of text in this work, and four-
teen volumes of atlases; that they describe collec-
tions of natural history far exceeding in amount
and in variety and in impot tance, all that has ever
been given to the world in any exploring expedi-
tion by any country, and, indeed, what amounts
to the aggregate of several of those expeditions.
There is nothing to compare with it; and there is
no woik ofscicnce orof art in Europe or in Amer-
ica which equals it. The committee have followed
the directions of Congress in relation to the pub-
lication. Beforel wasamemberofthccommittee,
seven volumes had been published. Altogether,
there have been written, printed, and bound seven-
j teen volumes of text, out of the twenty-four,
i Several of these volumes, however, sometimes
one entire edition, I believe, at least all that re-
mained after distributing to foreign Governments
and to State governments, were destroyed in the
conlhurrationoftheLibraryinthe year 1851. Two
other fires have occurred m binderies in Philadel-
phia, where volumes of this work ready for the
press have also been destroyed. All this has
caused a much larger draft .on the funds. The
punting has been (lone at a remarkably moderate
rate—as cheap printing has never been done, I
think, in this country. The binding has been
done also at a low price. The chief cost of the
work, or at least a very large portion, has been
in the illustrations, aud salaries and compensa-
tion of scientific men employed in writing the
memoirs. As I said before, the whole sum is
$276,000. That may seem very large; but it must
be recollected that the publication of works of this
sort is always very expensive. Let me remind
the Senate that a work, known, I presume, to a
great many gentlemen here—Dobson's edition of
the Encyclopedia Brilannica—containing eighteen
volumes, and three supplementary ones, nothing
to compare in the amount of text, and the illustra-
tions more especially, with this work, employed
a capital of $500,000. The expense of it is readily
admitted. The question is, whether the expense
has been inordinate in relation to the character of
the work. I think I may safely say that such is
not the case. Suiely, sir, I am able to say, too,
that the Senator from Alabama is entirely mis-
taken in supposing that Captain Wilkes has en-
riched himself by this work. He has not derived
the advantage of a penny from it. He has not
had a particle of salary from beginning to end;
and the only advantage he has derived from it, if
any at all, has been the renting of his house on
Capitol Hill for the sum of §300, which surely is
not enough for the house. We occupy it as an
office, where we prepare the charts; and a large
portion of the expense has been in preparing the
charts, which are valuable to our military and mer-
cantile marine, and are eagerly sought by those
connected with the trade with the distant regions
of the Pacific ocean, north and south, to which the
whalers resort.
I say, then, that the expense has not been inor-
dinate, and that nobody has been enriched by any
of these operations. The woik has cost more
than the Library Committee expected. It has
j extended much further than they expected. Ori-
ginally, they supposed that there would be eigh-
teen volumes of text and eleven of atlases; but it
was impossible for any committee, no matter how
intelligent they might have been, or how devoted
to the inquiry with which they were charged, to
asceitain what was the amount of material neces-
sary to be printed. For example, take the woik
on icthiology. We had estimated that there were
about eight hundred new varieties of fish; but
they were all submitted to Professor Agassiz, who
has been employed on that work, and whose pre-
eminence in that line of natural history nobody
questions. He discovcied that there were no less
than one thousand six hundred new varieties, and
accordingly the cost of drawings—they have not
yet been engraved, or very few, comparatively—
has been immensely increased, but we publish
nothing but what is new; nothing ever known be-
foie is allowed to go into the publication—a very
proper scientific rule, and one, indeed, which the
law requires. Inasmuch as the subjects of de-
scription increased in number, so did the work.
Instead of a volume of icthiology, it is necessary
to have two; and so with other things.
When the last appropriation was made, I was
furnished with an estimate made by Mr. Joseph
Drayton, who at that time was the artistic super-
intendent of the publications of the expedition—
a very worthy, good man. I believe he made his
estimate honestly. It certainly, however, did
not come up to the mark. I was told, after the
estimate had been adopted by Congress, that a
little item of $12,000 had been omitted. It was
not my fault that it was omitted. It was not
added m the aggregate. But even with that, so
largely has the work grown, in consequence of
the materials collected by tins expedition, exceed-
ing all idea, that it has been impossible to limit it
to that amount. I made eveiy effort to do so.
After the adjournment of Congress, I sent for the
superintendent, Mr. Drayton, brought him to my
house in Maryland, kept him there three days
ciphering out the different modes by which he
might reduce the work so as to bring it within
the compass of the appropriation. He died within
a very short time thereafter, and it was not till
six months after his death that we were obliged
to resort to the old arrangement. We then made
Captain Wilkes again supeiintendent, without
any pay or emolument of any sort whatever; and
employed a very valuable man, at less compensa-
tion than Mr. Drayton, as his assistant—Mr.
Frederick D. Stuart.
1 would remark that a great deal of work was
done last year. We had but about twenty thou-
sand dollars at the beginning of the year to work
upon, and have accomplished a great deal of work.
We have published some volumes, and we have
