534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I wish to in-
quire of the gentleman whether it appears from
the evidenc^-thattheaetof theconsul was willful,
or whether he had simply made a mistake in ad-
ministering the functions of his office ? , If he
made a mistake, the Government is clearly liable;
but if it was a willful act, then the Government is
not liable; for, as a matter of course, the Govern-
ment can never be made liable where the acts of
its .agent .are lawful. It is only in cases where
the aet of its agent is unlawful that the Govern-
ment can be mpde liable. If the act is within the
scope of the authority, and is not a willful act,
the Government is liable. If it was a willful act,
and without authority, then the Government is
not J&ble.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Indiana, I would
say to the committee that the gentleman from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Eustis] had charge of this case in the
Committee on Commerce, and made the report
which has been read; but I have some recollec-
tion of the case. The testimony is not printed
with the report; but I believe there was no allega-
tion in the testimony of any willfulness on the
parfrof the consul.
Ms. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I see this in
the report:
<alt further appears that the consul at this port pronounced
hertobeconiiscated to theGoveminentofthe Unued Suites,
in consequence of hue not being lurmshed or presenting the
noccssarv registers or papers to prove her nationality, not-
withstanding the fullest and most sal usfactory proofs of own-
ership and cmzenship, duly authenticated, weie presented
to the said consul, and by hun returned to the Secretary of
State ot the United States."
Now, if the consul acted willfully, it can only
be inferred from this general language of the re-
port. I therefore usk the question, whether the
testimony in the case disclosed that the act was
willful? if it did not, then, most cleaily, the Gov-
ernment is liable. There can be no question
about that.
Mr, WASODURNE, of Illinois. It is my im-
pression that there was no such [joint made in the
testimony.
Mr. CLARK R. COCHRANE. Very well;
then I am satisfied.
Mr. HUGHES. I can answer the gentleman
by reading a single sentence fiom the report:
" 'flu: committee are of opinion that the* fact* of thisca^o
bring if within (he admitted inception to the tub: as laid
down bv Mr. Buchanan. It us both a «non(_r and pet uli.ir
case. The eunMil at Bahia wan the cole repip.vonumve of
the Government ol llahia. Them was no appeal Horn his
decision in the custody and management of the ves-el. It
is better that the Government; houid hold it-elf ie-pon-iMe
for* his acts, than, by denying ifsic-poii-ibihtv, to invite that
resistance which the common law justifies, m the pioteetion
oi propeity against tic-passers."
Now I have thus to say in regard to these tech-
nical objections that are inteipo.sed heie. In the
first place, wtoiu> was done by our consul in a
foreign port, from whom; act and whose deci.-ion
there was no appeal. He perpetiateii that wrong-
ful aet in consequence of the fnct tiiat he had loo
technical a mind. lie wanted a formal register;
and the papers, made out and certified ni due ioi m,
^ could not be produced.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. As it seems to
be getting very dark, if the gentleman will give
way, I will move thpt the committee rise.
Mr. HUGHES. I will consult the pleasure of
the committee. I have no desire (^detain them,
if it is their pleasure to rise. ^
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I submit
the motion that the eouunmee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow lepuited that the
Committee of the Whole [louse had, according
to order, had under eoustdei ation the X'nvate Cal-
endar generally, and partsculatly adverse lepous
of the Cout t ol Claims, (><os. II and 30,) which
he was instructed to lepott back to (lie House,
with the lecoinmi mh>tion that the decision of the
Court of Claims bo concurred m; that tho com-
mittee had also hud under consideration House
bill No. 197, which he was mstiucUd to report
back to the House, with the recommendation thai
it do pass; that the commit lee hod also had under
consideration House bill (No. 2i)G) to indemnify
Henry Leef and John Mcivee for illegal seizuie
of a ceitaio bark, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. WASIiBIifcRN, of Maine, moved the pre-
vious question upon concurring in the adverse re-
ports reported from the Committee of the Whole
House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The decision of the Court of Claims was then
concurred in by the House, in the following cases:
An adverse report (C. C. No. Jl) upon the pe-
tition of Cyrus H. McCormick; and
An adverse report (C. C. No. 30) upon the pe-
tition of William Neil! and others.
, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the decision of the
Court of Claims was concurredin; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHILLIPS moved the previous question
on House bill (No. 197) for the relief of Charles
J. Ingersoll.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. KELSEY moved that the bill be laid on
the table.
And then, on motion of Mr. CLAY, (at fifteen
minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.   
IN SENATE.
Monuav, January 24, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. J. Morsell.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
CAPTAIN CHARLES G. RIDGELEY.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I rise this morn-
ing for the purpose of making a prmleged mo-
tion. On Friday, 1 voted m the majority for the
bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Captain Charles G. Ridgely, of the United States
Navy, and I now move to reconsider that vote. I
wish to lutvc the motion entered; and I move fur-
ther that the Secretary be instructed to inform the
House of Representatives that amotion to recon-
sider is pending, and ask a return of the bill. I
understand the bill went to the House of Repre-
sentatives on Saturday.
The motion to reconsider Was entered, and the
motion to_ request the House of Representatives
to return the bill was agreed to.
INDIANA SENATORIAL QUESTION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will lay
before the Senate, a meinoiial from the Legisla-
ture of Indiana.
The Seciutary proceeded to read it,as follows:
To the Honorable (he Senate of ike United Slates :
The Slate ol Indiana, by her Scnatoi-and Itepresenta-
tivt s hi Geneial Assembly convened, woiiul ie-peetlu!ly
rcpre-ent to \ om honorable body, that a-1 -lie i- not new, and
h,w not been for come tune, repiesentcd m the Senate of
lhe United State?, it is hei ui-li and de-.no that the Hon.
Iient) S Lane and the Hon. William Mouioe jMeCaitj be
admitted to .-eat-, in the Senate of the United Suites, a- the
only h-gally-clected and eon-inutioiinllv-ehoM-n Senator or
tin- St,if:, and that Uiey \v< le -o h uailv elected and eon-ti-
tn;ion,ili\ chosen on the:}'2dday of Deeembei JtioS, in com-
phanee with the pio\i-ionsoi the following concuirent ie-
11! in ion, wlin h pieceded and pie^cnbed the luleot such
election, to wit:
- ■  Wheieas, the State of Indiana has been, arid i- now,
tuuepre-ented in the Semite or tlie United State* ; and
whcieas Unit is now no lawothei than the Gon.-titution
oi tne Unit, d State-, and ol this State, piovulniglm a choice
by «he Legislature ol fhi- Sute , and wheiea-, it is essen-
nal that this Legislature should choose such Senators ants
pie^cnt se-i-ion :
•• J if il rciulccdlsithe Senate^ (the House of Representa-
tive- coneniiniu'therein.) 1. That the Senate and House
of iiepieM'uiriuvc- ^h.ill, upon the pas-age ot ibis rc-olution
hv ciiner Hoti-e. pioeeed immediately to tiie choice o{ per-
sons to iej> eM-nr tins State m the Senate of the United
State.-, and that a in,ijonty ot eacu llou-e shall be ncees
sai j to Mich choice. ii- Thai each pei-on who >hall receive
a maiouty ol the vote- given m both Houses of the L"cts-
kuuie. .-ti.ul be declared duly elected to lepie-ent the State
of Indiana m the Senate oi the United Suite- , the peison
fir--t elio-en be deflated elected Horn the date ot the
e!e«. tioii iieitMn piowded. and -ii.ill -eive as .-uch Sentitor
until the 4rh ot Match, Jt63 ; and the n£i?ou next chosen
-iiali in hk" manner r-eive as rau.h SwiaCTi until the -ith of
.Maieh, lsol. 'J. 'J'ne Secieraiy ot t!ie Senate, and the CieiK
of tie.' Ilou^c of Ilep:e-ent.it!ve<, >!iall lminediiitely upon
the choice, a* heietn p;ovnl-Jd, by the ie>peetive Hoiiaof,
ceifii v tiie -a;ne to the Set i etaty of State, who bhall cf'rtify
the bailie, under the seal ot the State, to the Vice I'ro.-ideut
ot the Un.t.'d States and al- o f urni-li to each of the pot&ons
chosen, an heieni pioyided, when application h made
by cucl) pi'i-on or per-on^-, oi otheis lor then, coping of
then ejection or choice a< .-ueh Senators. 4. The said Sec- p
retary of State shall furni-h with the certiticate, as herein ij
provided, a copv ot this icsoiuuon, and the vote of each
llou&e thereon.5' J|
Mr. STUART. I think it is hardly worth while li
to read that document here. I move its reference
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE. Let it be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 ask for the reading of it.
The ViCR PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Secretary will proceed with the read-
mg.
The Secretary continued as follows:
Your memorialist, as one of the sovereign powers that
compose the Union, to the existence of which it is essential
that equal and exact ju&tice should be mcasuicd out to nil,
m order to secure the harmony of the whole and perpetuate
the mutual confidence that should actuate each in its inter-
course with the others, would invoke your attention to the
fact that her commission has not been awaided to any per-
sons other than those herein named, since a vacancy has
occurred in her representation in your honorable body. To
the end that your memorialist may be more tully und< r-
stood, it is but just and pioper that a concise statement ot*
the facts upon which your memorialist bases the piopuety
ot the couise which t he has taken in the premises be now
submitted for the consadeiauon of youi honorable body. Ju
doin^' this, it will be necessaiy to go back a httie in your
own as well as her histoiy. In Jaiuiaty of the veai lba5,a
regular session ol the Guneial Assembly of this State, m
accordance with the provisions of lier constitution, wa<
convened at Indianapolis. As her constitution piovides
that the sessions of the General Assembly shall be held bi-
ennially, no other legular session would occm until Janu-
ary. Ido7. On the 4th of March, 1855, a vacancy was to
occur in the Senate of the United States by the expnation
ot the teiinot oneof herSenatots. To supply this vacancy,
it was the duty of the Geneial Assembly ot 1855 to provide,
by ^ioo>iug some one of her citizens to serve a.« such Sen-
ator. That General Assembly adjourned upon the expira-
tion of the time allowed by the com-htuLon w about having
elected, ehO:-eh, oi designated, anv one to act as her Sena-
tor in join branch of the national Legislatuie. Thus your
inemonalist was without her constitutional lcpresentatiou
in youi body. Theie was not any oihei ses-ion of hei Gen-
oia! Assembly for two years, although piovision is made in
hei con-titiuiou lor an extra session whenever, m the opin-
ion of her Lxecutive otheer, it may be deemed neccssary to
convene the Senators and Uepre-cntniives.
In Janu.uy ot the year 1857, the Genet,il Assembly of
your memo) iahst was ag.un convened. On the 4th of M.uch,
iS57, and betor«3 the adjournment of this sc-mou of the
Geneial Assembly, another vacancy was to occur m your
honoiable bouy bytlie expnation ot the teim ol the only re-
maining Senatoi ot \ our meinoi iahst. Youi lionoi.ible body
will now peieeive that it was clearly the duty of tin- Oea-
eial Assembly, at Us present ee-j-jon, to piovide that a
choice should be made of the two citizen^ ol jour meino-
nalist t(> .-apply the vacancy that had aheady, m pait, and
soon wouldentuely, occur in your branch ot the Congiesd
ot the United States. In this connection, it may not be liu-
piopei tolniotni jour honorable body that there had been
no statutory provi-ion, by the Legislatuie of your meino-
nali-t, legulatni? the choice or election of United States
Senators by her General Assembly, since the adoption ol her
present constitution. Hence, anj election which should
take place wouid of necessity be governed by the piovjsions
ot the t/ouptitutions o! the United States and ot this State.
Jn addition, al-o, ro the binding loreo ol the (.'onstitution of
the- United States- as the supreme law oi the land, the Legis-
lature ol your memorialist did enact that among the laws
governing tins State, -hould be, tirst, the Constitution of
the United State-. (See llevi.-ed Statutes, volume 1, page
;C>! ) Thenasjom memonali-t u as without anv law (ni
tin- subject other than that contained ui the Constitutions
as above named, it would be unnecessaiy to direct the at-
tention ol your honorable, body to the ptovi-ion.* of section
tluee, aiticle one ot the Constitution ot the United States,
as aiso section lotir of the same aiuele. Youi memonahst
would fuirhcr represent that, since the refinements of thy
Constitution of the United States, m ,he eboieeofSenatois
of the United States, a- above lcferred to, aie upon the
Lenistatuics of the several States, the constitution of Indi-
ana clearly define.- hei Leyi-latine, and declare^ of what i£
sli-ili eim-ist. (See constitution ot Indiana, <n title tourth,
section one; see also section eleven of aiticle louith,
winch is lurthei de-cuptive or what k- es:enual 10 ciai-ti-
tute it a body capable ot tian-acting leg^lative businc-a.)
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose the best disposi-
tion yf that document would be to lefer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
have asked for the reading of the paper. If ob-
jection is made, the Chair will put jt to a vote of
the Senate. If no objection be made, the Secre-
tary will proceed with the reading.
Mr. BaYARD. What is the motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no mo-
tion before the Senate.
■ The Secretary continued as follows:
Ftom what lias been «hown of the law. it will be obvious
at once that the oniv rule by which your memomh-t jould
he governed m the choice ot per<ons to act a^ her Senators
will be found in that piovi&ion of the Cori-ntutu>n ot the
United S?ates which requites such choice to be made l>v the
Legislature; and as the terni^'leifislatuie^aiid He :-lauve
power"' have been defined bv the oiganic iaw ol this State,
it will be no difficult matter to asceitam wherein that law
has been complied with oi disregarded in anv ca-c that may
have been, oi will be, presented lor the considciation of
your honorable body.
Your metnoi iahst is now pieparcd for the amnion that
the poison* now as.^ummii toiepro«ent her in the Senaf> of
the United States are not now, and have not been, -mee the
action of certain membeis of hei Geneial Assembly, m Fcb-
luaiy, 1857, upon which action it is claimcd that said per-
sons were elected Senators in the United States Senate for
