1618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
for the want of some fifty thousand dollars ? Shall
wo "stop where we are, and lay it aside ? No wise
man, in conducting his own private affairs, ever
reasons in that way. When he has a thing nearly
done", four fifths or five sixths of the money paid
and the work incomplete, does he lay it all aside
and say he will not finish it, because the whole
thing, when done, is to cost too much? Not at all.
A private individual does not act in that way.
The committee have made a very careful ex-
amination, and are satisfied that the work can be
completed and will be completed for this amount
of money. Shall we vote it, or shall we simply
bind up what we have got, and lay it aside not
published, and consequently not creditable to the
country; and thus throw aside, in a great degree,
what we have already expended?
Mr. TOOMBS. Throw it into the Potomac;
that is the best thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wise men differ. A
great number of people who have examined the
matter, and who are scientific men, whom I
trust, think it is best not to do that. I am not for
wasting property or wasting money in that way.
Because a thing has been conducted unwisely, I
am not to lose all the results, and throw it into
the Potomac. The Senator will pardon me for
saying that is rather the course of a petulant boy
th>nvof a wise man, in my judgment. I do not
feel any interest in this question, one way or the
other; but, my own opinion is, that the wise and
sensible course for us to take is to spend this
money, and to finish the work. The Senate can
do as they please; but 1 have come to that con-
clusion, and.I have come to it in spite of the feel-
ing of prejudice with winch I began the examin-
ation of the subject, I call for the yeas and nays 1
on the amendment. :
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being i
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 30; as follows: j
YEA^—Mrssr^, Allen, Butea, Bayard, Boll, Brisxht, Bind j
enek, Cameron, Cuttcmlen, ihnkcu, Fe^onden, Foot, j
Hammond, Kennedy. iVJalioty, I'ciuoe, howard, Minimum, ;
Solium, and W'iuh:--i9. i
N \YS~-Moj-hs. Chandler, Chowmt, Clay, Clmqman, :
Das is, Dooiiulo, Douglas, Pitch, Fit/paliioU, Foster, Cieen, j
iiaie, Harlun, Houston, Huniei, Iverson, Johnson oi Ask- j
aus,if, Johnson, of Tennessee, Jont'j, l.ane, Ma on, Bulk, [
Roid, Scbantuin, Shield*. Ridi;il,ToouU)>, Ti inn bull ,\Vaid. ,
and Yulee—30.
So the amendment was rrjectrd.
Mr. BAYARD. That amendment having bueii j!
reacted, I oiler tiiis: j:
For completing eoitam volumes of Ibe evplonng expcdi u
Hon now nearly hmslied, and the pa> o! Mipeunuiidt no > ,[
tin. stun oi j&tVJ-JU 0,j. .j
This will close it. There are some works ,j
printed which merely require to be bound. If the j
Senate is unwilling to go furthei, tins will dose j
it up entirely, Bo far as we have gone. n
The amendment was agreed to. j,
Mr.MALLORY. I offer this amendment fiom |1
the Committee on Claims; |j
Jhul be it further cnaifnl. That the acts of 3d of Maich, }j
1 rJil, and '.Jtjtii ol June, IKij, paired lo cany into ell< <M llio 1
ni'itn article of ilir neai\ of l^lli, between tin; United States :'
nnd Spain. shall be so construed a,-> to lequne the Seeroiat y 1 i
of the Treasury to pay to liie pei^ons aniljon/ed to lec-ive }i
the saiiu', out of llio appinpuution made 1>\ the atnre.unl :j
net.-, thai jMnlion ol tin; damage*, au aided by tlie Pmted jj
jud^'i in can Florida, tinder iIkj name oi interest, j.
.i-.• )ti1-1 ami necessity pait ot die satisfaction stipulated i|
by lite treaty,so far as the otiymal value of the proporiv, ji
rn awarded by .the said jad^s, ha<? been apptoved at the [J
Ti' isuiv ilepartmi-ni. wi'tn nncie^t fiom the date of the >j
aw 'id : Piont'cil. Tn:u the Swreinryoi'thcTioasuiv may,
at hi? option, pay tin; amount of said claim-* m eeiufie.ues |l
of siock bpc,uiii!j an interest of five per e<*iititm pel annum, '|
ied> emabir in ten y< aib, o) at the pkid.-uteof the l'leoidcui :l
of file I'nifed Stutts. ; j
Mr. HUNTER. ( raise a question of order on J
that. Is it not a private claim ? If it be, no com- n
mitteehaa a right to repoit it;or at least it is not ji
in order, on an appropriation bill, if it be a pri- j
vaio claim. i'
Air. MALLORY. I think, from the wording !j
of the amendment, it is not subject to that objec- i!
tion. It is to carry out the stipulations of a treaty; 1
and if the Chair will examine it, he will find ;
itro. i
Mr. HUNTER. If the meie wording of an j
amendment could evade the rule, you might word
them : H in that way. The question is, whether :
the treat"' do«'S provide for them? 1
Mr. CLAY. It is certainly to pay the claims ,
of indrvidaUs. 1
Mr. BAYARD. I entertain no doubt that this i
is a private claim, whatever may be its merits*
The language in which the amendment is put can-
not alter that fact. The object is to pay claims
for interest upon awards made under the act of
1834. The act of 1834 does not purport to be
anything but a private act. The act of 1834 is
published in yourlaws as a private act. The act
of 1834 was passed on the report of a committee,
who, in their report, expressly declared that the
bill which they reported was not to carry into
execution the treaty, and that the claims were not
within the treaty. That is expressly and in words
so declared by the very committee which reported
the bill that passed in 1834, but for the reasons
given by them they advised Congress to authorize
certain claims to be adjudicated upon, declaring
that they were not within the treaty, though the
then Delegate from Florida had appeared, and
urged the question upon them. They said that
if it stood on that question they would have re-
ported against the claims in 1834. Congress
passed that bill on that report, and it is inserted
in your private laws, and this is a provision to
carry into effect the adjudications under the act
of 1834.
Now, sir, can I be told that it is to carry into
effect a treaty? This amendment, on its face, is
merely to carry into effect awards under the act
of 1834, by giving interest which the Secretary
of the Treasury, part of the tribunal to decide
under that act, rejected. The parties having re-
ceived their principal, this is to give them inter-
est, under the act pf 1831. The act of 1 34 is a
private act, lor pnvate claims, and this must be
a pnvate art ior private claims. I .shall have to
diHcunt} this question if the amendment t.-s urged,
very much at lar^e; and 1 cannot help the result,
because I think 1 can show, ineontrovei tibly, that
these chums aie not Within the treaty, and never
we re.
Mr. MALLORY. J do not wish to discuss the
question of order,and particulaily 1 would refrain
trom touching the merits of the amendment on a
question of tins kind; but this very quesriou was
tuised when you you) self, sir, weio m the chair
on a foitoet occasion, and it was then ruled to he
in order. I wiil not discuss the question ot order.
I want it decided, and then I shali be ready to go
into the tnerns of the ewe,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The Onair decides that the amend-
ment is not excluded by the iule«, but is m
older.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 duM take an appeal, though
1 iegret to do so, because, if this is biought up,
our bill is swamped j wet-dialibc discussing it un-
til to-morrow at day-break.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The quo-stum
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. MALLORY. On that question I a^k for
the yeas and nays. *
The voas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. Those who think this is a private
claim wiil vote " nay," and those w ho think ius
not n pnvat" ehum will vofo yea."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. CLAY. 1 understand it, then.
Tiie L'RKS 101NG OFPICKR. It is difficult
for the Chair to deteimine what is, and what is
not, u private claim. The Chair is under (lie im-
pulsion, from reading the amendment, that it is
so connected with a former law as to come within
the provision of the rule.
Mr. STUART. The hill which was reported
by the Committee on Claims, at this seasion upon
this subject, was reported as a private bill, and
placed upon the Private Calendar.
Mr. MALLORY. But it was ruled off as not
beinr a private claim.
Mr. STUART. No.
Mr. MALLORY*. Exception was taken, when
it came up, on that giound.
Mr. SI UART. 1 beg the Senator's pardon.
It Vk as put by on the ground of the absence of the
Senator from Delaware. It was not utled out be-
cause it was not a private claim.
Mr. MALLORY. Those who desire to sus-
tain the decision of the Chair will vote " yea," I
suppose?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Michigan
infoims as that this proposition was reported as
a private bill* and placed upon the Pnvate Cal-
endar. Admit it, grant it, suppose it so, the last
part of the 30th rule, which is said to exclude it,
is in these words:
"No amendment shall be receded who?e object is to
piovide for a pnvate claim, unl«« it be toeairy out thepro-
j; visions of an existing law or a treaty stipulation."
Now,grant that this was reported as a private
bill, and went upon the Pnvate Calendar, the
whole point turns upon the other question whether
it is designed to carry out a treaty stipulation.
If so, it comes expressly within the rule, and the
ruling of the Chair is clearly correct.
Mr. STUART. Fortunately or unfortunately,
I will not undertake to say which, I have been in
the choir very often when these questions have
been raised, and been compelled to decide on this
very rule. I decided but the other day, and was
sustained by the Senate as 1 thought almost unan-
imously, that the last clause of the 30th rule ap-
plied to a case which was piovtded for in a treaty
or a law, where the amount to be paid was ascer-
tained and stated in so many dollars and cents,
and not to a case whcie it was a subject of dis-
pute, as is the case here, whether it Cannes under
the treaty or not. The very reason of tiny amend-
ment is, because it is decided at the Tieasurv that
it does not come within the treaty; the claimants
insisting that it does. That is the very question
m debate.
Mr. POLK. I shall vote on the question of
order without committing myself upon the merits
of the daim.
Mr. COLLAMER. The decision of the Chair
wps that this amendment was in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. And the question is, shall
that decision stand?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: '• Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Seriate
The question being taken by yeas ami nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 19; as follows:
YK\S—Mc«is, Allen. Bell, Bonleriok. Biown. Cam-
eron. Chandler, ('I.irk, Cuitcnden, J>i\on. Dooltule. Dout^
l.i-\ Din Lee, Titcti, llal'i, II a in I in, Harlan. Ilon-hm,
f vewm, Jciet-, Kennedy, Ma!lor\, M.win, Ueid, Sewaui,
Toomb-. Wilson, and Voice—-2S.
X A VH—Met '-r.-- li.ite-. Iia\ aid, Benjamin, Chi r nut. Clnv,
Clint'iiian. Collaniei, Ikivh. Kit/.patiick. Fo^tei. Huniei,
.lohn-mi id Ai Uau^i-. Johnson id Temif-«.ec, I.am-, Toll*,
Siidel!. Lilian, TtumluiII, and Waul—19.
So the decision of the Chair, luling that the
amendment was in order, was sustained.
Mr. MALLORY. I am awaie that, in bung-
ing this proposition befoie the Senate at this late
day, I hazaid a great deal—not only the losy ol
the amendment, but the occupation of the Senate
from matters of equal or perhaps greater import-
ance; hiit the Senate well knows that 1 have tried,
on three or four different occasions, to have this
bill discussed separately when the Senate had
abundance of time. On two occasions it was laid
aside m consequence of the absence of my friend
from Delaware, who desired to discuss it.
Mr. 15AYARD, Only once.
Mi. MALLORY". I cave him notice that I
would offer it this morning,so that he mightdw-
cuss it, if ho would do so. As he advises me that
he will discuss if, 1 abstain from saying anything
farther at present.
Mr. i>A YARD. I should like to have the re-
poit of the committee read upon which this amend-
ment is predicated. It is nothing more than at-
taching a piivate bill heretofore reported to this
appropriation bill. I want that leport read-/be-
cause 1 desire to controveit the po&nions con-
tained in it, particularly one as to the construc-
tion of the treaty. I have several documents to
refer to. The claim is one of great magnitude—
§1,700,000 now, as I understand. My own im-
pression is, that it ought not to be paid; and I
think I can show the Senate that there is no claim
whate\er on Congress; that it is not within the
treaty; that it ought not to be paid; and that
without reference to the question of interest at
ail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will rood the report.
Mr. DOOLITTLT2. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me a single moment before the
reading of the report. I should like to get the at-
tention of the honorable Senator from Florida.
It is utterly impossible for me to go into an in-
vestigation of this matter, so that 1 can satisfy
myself upon it. I shall be compelled to vote
