538
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE,
January 24,
THE ECHO SLAVES.
Mr. CRITTENDEN submitted the following
resolution j which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved* That the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish to ihe Senate, if, in his opinion, it be not
> incompatible with the public interest, the report made to
him by Thomas Rainey,the special diplomatic agent of the
United States to the coast of Africa, relative to the Africans
captured from the slave brig Echo, and sent to Liberia in
the United States pteam-fngate Niagara.
' BILLS INTRODUCED-
Mr. JONES asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 522) to
provide for the transfer of jurisdiction over certain
claims against the United States from the Treas-
ury to the Interior Department; which was road
twice by its title, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. G WIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 524) to
extend certain acts granting bounty land to cer-
tain officers and soldiers who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States, to the
service of volunteers or State troops of Califor-
nia; which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
523) fb provide for the sale of reservations of land
granted to individual Indians in certain cases, and
to regulate the disposition of the proceeds thereof
which was read?twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. PUGrH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained,leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 525) for
the relief of Elias Yulee, late receiver of the land
office in Washington Territory; which was read
twice by its title, and inferred, with the accom-
panying memorial and papers, to the Committee
on Public Lands.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
Mr. SL1DELL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relation* to make a report on
the bill introduced by myself (S. No. 407) making
an appropriation for the acquisition of the Inland
of Cuba by negotiation. The committee have
instructed me to report back the bill with the rec-
ommendation that it pass, with one or two tri-
lling verbal amendments, that do not at all aifect
the general character of the bill. As this is a sub-
ject of great importance and of great interest, 1
ask the indulgence of the Senate to bo permitted
to read the report m this case. It has been usual
on occasions of this kind, when the subject has
occupied (he public mind, and is considered one
of vital importance, that the ieportshould be n;ud;
and I will state also, that this, so lar from being
a useless expenditure of the tune of the Smmto,
* will probably prove an economy of time; for if I
am permitted now to read the report, u will dis-
pense with the necessity, when the bill conies up
for consideicition, of making those pn Imunary
remarks which I tdiodld otherwise find it neces-
sary to submit. 1 theiefoio ask the indulgence
of the Senate to be permitted to rend the report.
There being no objection, the honorable Sena-
tor read the report.
Mr. SL1DELL. I move that the repojt be
printed; and 1 also desue that the bill shall be
made the special order ot the day for some day
next week. I will say Monday next.
Mr. POLK, i beg to subma a motion that
there be printed two thousand extra copies of the
very lucid and able report just read by the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, as coming from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stcaiit.)
The motion to print the extia number will go to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, being a member
of the committee from which this report emanates,
I think it due to myself, and perhaps otherwise
right, that I should say a \eiy few words upon
the certainly aide report which has been sub-
mitted by the Senator from Louisiana. The re-
port, in parliamentary phrase, is pioperly styled
the report of tho committee; hi;t I presume it does
not follow, ill parliamentary interpretation, that
all who concurred" in the presentation of the re-
port, concur* equally in the reasons assigned
there for the conclusion which is arrived at. Tins
question of ihe acquisition of Cuba, is it gicat
question; perhaps the greatest that has been pre-
sented for more than one generation to the con-
sideration of Congress.
If I understood the report correctly, as a part
of the reasoning upon which this acquisition is
recommended to Congress, it is said to be thfe
policy of this Government, by successive acqui-
sitions of territory, to enlarge its boundaries. I
do not mean to go into any debate, but more to
exclude any possible conclusion in reference to
my position now or hereafter upon similar ques-
tions. I am not one of those who consider it the
policy of this Government^) enlarge its domin-
ion by successive acquisitions of territory, for
the purpose of such acquisition only; and if that
were the only rcason'for acquiring Cuba, I should
be one of the very last to give in to the policy.
I agree, Mr. President, that theieis a political
necessity devolving on this country to become the
ow.ner of Cuba; but in announcing that opinion,
1 would connect with it a regret thattheie should
be such a necessity imposed upon us. I am not
prepared, at present, to say that the necessity is
upon us, but that Cuba must ultimately be a part
of the United States of America, 1 do not enter-
tain a doubt; and it may be that the honorable
Senator who has made this report is correct in the
conclusion that'he has attained, that the neces-
sity is now upon us.
i reseive my opinion as to future action, but x
concurred very cheerfully in the presentation of
the bill, and of the report to tho S« iiate, because,
amongst other i easons, the President of the Uni-
ted States, to whom belongs, by constitutional
right, the conduct of our foieign intercourse, and
who is required by the Constitution, from time to
time, to give to Congress information m reference
to the state of the Union, has informed us, in his
annual message, that he would deem it fruitless
to renew any negotiation for the purchase of tho
island, unless there was given to him a power, if
_ the contingency required it, to meet a portion of
the expenditure in advance of any ratification by
the Senate; and he ha^ said that he thought it due
to .the subject and the country that the question
should be presented to Congress, i would not be,
therefore, instrumental in withholding the subject
from Congress. I do not mean to go into any de-
bate. I wish rather to exclude any conclusion
that, in assenting, as I cheerfully did, to the pres-
entation of this report, I meant to acquiesce in
all the reasons which it contains. If it should
become ncc< s^ary, ut a future day I may give my
views at large on the subject.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I am author-
ized by the honorable Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Foot,] who, like myself, is a member of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, to say, that
he, with myself, dissents from the leport which
has been submitted by a majority of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, and also from the bill
which has been reported by that committee; and
to submit, by w ay of ex pi easing the views of tho
minority, a bill, which we oiler as a substitute
for t he lull i e ported by the committee, which 1 ask
to have printed m the same manner with the re-
port of the committee; and after the bill shall have
been lead, 1 shall ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to indicate something of my views upon the
subject, although not very much at large, I ask
for the reading of the bill.
The Secretary read the substitute, as follows:
A bill concerning the lchm^n^ between the United States
and Hpam.
7?" it meetrtl, J, r.. That the I'nvM'U'iu of the United States,
at the beanming of the ne.u annua! so'-ion of Con<ire« ,
columnmeate to the em nute, if m Ins opinion not incompat-
ible with I he public mi< ie«n^, tue condition of the i el uion^
wlnen ^a.i.'fthc.i be MibM^tniL; bcnveji Lin. United States
ami f-AjKt.li. and of any ties uiiunon-i that raav th'Mi be pend •
in;.' toi the <. o-imj ufCub.i to the Ci.ited fc'true-., thither
wirli <-iteh sraiemems ol the condition oi the Ti easily. and
al-o o! the etieetive condition ot the Army and IYa\M-of nte
United Mater*, may enable Com<iej,s ro jtidies wh.Titer,
at that time, u wnl h ' n.'oct- fo adopt any (Wti.mrdinaiy
nuMMiies to maintain th-1 it<i:it-and piomot" th" interests
e: the (Tinted States, connected with or growuig out of their
lelai.iee 10 rfpain.
jhx,! he it f.nfnrr mactptU That the Pre<id"nf if, in hi.,
d.sereuon. he Miali deem it ncce^aiy* ui view of die condi-
tion o! ne^oti ition-- wall h"r Catholic .M.<jc-lv vlncn s-irall
be peridot, damn; tie next i':oe-> of Consic^. inav con-
vene fiiPei the Sen ne or m oxuaoidmaiy ^esfcioii
by p oelaa a'"in.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the bills which
engage the attention of Congress generally ori-
ginate cither m the Senate or m the House of
Representatives. Rut this measure te ushered
i:iio our pic&ence by a message from the execu-
tive palace. It is, therefore, in its origin an ex-
ecutive measure. Its nature corresponds to its
parentage. It proposes to relax constitutional
and legislative restraints upon the executive
power, and to transfer control over the Treasuiy,
together with the power of negotiation in foreign
affairs, from Congress and from the Senate to the
President of the United States. It is not an iso-
lated executive measure of this kind, but it is one
of a series of such measures which the President
of the United States has introduced at the present
session m the same way. One of this series pro-
poses that Congress shalfauthorize the President
! to move the Army and the Navy of the United .
1 States into adjacentStatesof the Republic of Mex-
| ico and establish a protectorate there. Another
j asks our consent to invest the President of the
| United States with the power to make war m
l his own discretion and at his own pleasure
against all, or nearly all, the Spanish-American
: States on this continent.
i A measure thus disparaging to the intelligence,
' the virtue, and the independence of the national
; Legislature, a measure so dangerous to the civil
| and religious liberties of the American people, it
| must be expected, will receive at the hands of
; Congress a careful sciutiny. It is not my purpose
| at this time, to bestow that scrutiny in its full ex-
j tent, upon the bill which has been reported in
1 accordance with the recommendation of the Pres-
! idont of the United States; but i do intend to in-
dicate some of the considerations which have
brought me to the conviction that this bill, under
! no cncumstances, ought to receive the favor of
! Congress.
! The bill has a financial aspect. It has also a
; broad political character. In regard to the finan-
cial aspect, I cull the attention of the Senate to tho
: fact that the bill proposes to appropiiatc now, at
this time, out of the Treasm y of the United Slates,
l £.30,000,000, ta be placcd under the control of
! the. President of the United States, to be paid by
| him to Spain, whenever she shall have consented
| to accept any treaty which he may make with
; her, for the cession of Cuba to the United States,
■ without waiting for a ratification of that treaty
I by the Senate of the United States. This appro-
' piiation of $30,000,000 necessarily involves now
; a pledge, a guarantee, virtually a grant, or ap-
ptopriation of so many more millions of dollars
as the President of the United States, without any
recourse to the Senate or to Congress, and con-
sulting only his own mere ambition, caprice, or
pleasure, shall agree to give for that island; and
this last amount is altogether unlimited.
The bill contains no limitation, and the Presi-
dent recommends no limitation. It is a bill then
for just so many millions as the Piesident shall
choose to write in the treaty. What will be the
number of those millions ? The report of the ma-
j jonty of the committee rays, that it will proba-
I bly be $125,000,000. This calculation is based gjP
[upon the fact that Spam refused ^100,000,000,
j ten years ago, arid that Cuba has increased m
! value ^25,000.000, according to tho estimate of
j the majority of the committee. This estimate is
| inconclusive, and, therefore, unsatisfactory. Tho
i amount which Spain will ask, if v;e suppose her
| to acc'de to this treaty, will be all that she can
| get,and the amount which the President w ill give,
| if it be his purpose to acquire the Island of Cuba
i at all events and undei all haz<<rd~3, will be the
' least that Spam will consent to take. It may then
| just as well and as accura t<-ly be o- limnfed that the
sum to be written in the treaty will be ^200,000.009
, or £'250,000,000 or $500,000,000, as that it shall
; be only $125,000,000.
j Twill assume that it authorizes the President
to contract a debt to Spain, without again consult-
, mg Congress or tho Senate of the United States,
| tor the sum of ^250,000,000. This proposition
; comes at a time when our revenues arc reduced
• to $50,000,000, and there is a confessed deficiency
j for the year of $30,000,000. It is immaterial
■ whether we borrow this $30,000,000 to pay to
i Spai$,as the hill proposes, or whether we pay it
out of the receipts of the revenues flowing into the
! Treasury, and borrow the money to supply the
' place of what we thus abstract. It proposes noth-
; ing less than to authorize the President of the
' United States to create at once and absolutely a
debt of £.30,000/000, and indirectly e, further debt
' of $220,000,000, m addition to a deficit, which is$
i virtually an existing debt against the Treasury
