1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1621
as have been exercised in regard to other mill grants in
Florida.
The amendment was concurred in.
The House also proposed to amend the title of
the bill so as to make it read, " An act to provide
for the final settlement of the land claim of the
persons claimingas heirs, or under Jehu Under-
wood, as purchasers or otherwise, to certain land
in Florida, and to confirm the title to the proper
owner or owners;" which was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Repi esentatives
by Mr. Allen, announced that he returned to the
Senate, House bill (No. 872) making appropria-
tions for defraying the expenses of the Post Of-
fice Department for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1860, with the Senate amendments thereto,
in conformity with a resolution of the House di-
recting that the bill and amendments be returned
to the Senate, as section thirteen of the amend-
ments is in the nature of a revenue bill.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts:
An actfor the relief of Frances Ann McCauley;
An act for the relief of Jane Turnbuil; and
An act supplemental to "An act for the admis-
sion of the State of Minnesota into the Union."
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MALLORY. The committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 712) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending the
30th of June, 1860, have met, and, after full and
free conference, agree to recommend as follows:
that the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the House amendment to the second amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the said amendment
with an amendment to the amendmentof the Sen-
ate, as follows: Strike out the words " $173,700,"
and insert the words " $289,000;" that the Sen-
ate recede from its disagreement to the amend-
ment of the House to the third amendment of the
Senate.
In one word I will explain the report. In the
Paraguay expedition the House have agreed to
strike out the amount inserted by the Senate,
$173,700, and restrict the Secretary of the Navy
to the charter of vessels, and giving him permis-
sion to purchase if, in his judgment, most econom-
ical and right, and for that purpose inserted the
sum of §289,000, the sum asked for by the Secre-
tary. In the second amendment, in relation to
engineers of the Navy, they inserted a clause by
which they shall never exercise any military con-
trol; or, in other words, the executive officerof a
vessel shall always take precedence in rank over
the engineer. The Senate committee concurred
in both.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Sen-
ate:
A bill (No. 224) for the relief of Edward In-
ge rs oil;
A bill (No. 292) for the relief of James H.
Glanding; and
A bill (No. 606) to carry into effect the conven-
tion between the United States and China, con-
cluded on the 8th of November, 1858, at Shang-
liae.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; and they
were signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 662) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States, for the year ending the 30th of
June, I860; and
A bill (H. R. No. 889) to provide for the care
and preservation of the works constructed by the
United States for bringing the Potomac water into
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, for the
supply of said water for all governmental pur-
poses, and for the uses and benefit of the inhabit-
ants of the said cities.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 713)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government, for the year ending June 30,
1860, was resumed in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WARD. I am authorized by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer the
following amendment, as an additional section:
Jliui be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and lie is hereby, authorized and directed to contract
with Carlos Buttertield and his associates, who are to he
styled "The United States and Mexican Mail Steamship
Company," for the conveyance of the mailsfrom and to the
United States, ami to and from the Republic of Mexico, in
the following order, namely: A steamer shall leave New
Orleans or Mobile on the 1st and 16th days of each month,
touching first at Galveston, Matagorda Bay, Brazos de San-
tiago, Tampieo, Veia Cruz, Coaizacoalc'os, Tabasco, La-
gunu. Campeehe, Sisal, and other pons in said circuit that
may hereafter be asceilamed to be piaeticable, including
Sabine Pass, and thence to New Orleans or Mobile ; and
on tin1 Stli and 21th days of each monlli a steamer shall
leave New Orleans oi Mobile, touehmg first ot Sisal, Cam-
peehe, Lacuna, Tabasco, Coatzaeoaleos, Vera Ciuz, Tam-
pico, Brazos de Santiago, Matagoida Bay, tialveston, and
thence to New Oilcan*. oi Mobile ; Ihus accomplishing tile
full circuit of the Glllf. or four round voyages, per month.
be it further enactal, That the aforesaid contract
shall be for a term of ten years, and shall not involve, on
the pai I of the Government of the United States, an expend-
iture exceeding $1*20.00i> per annum.
Mr. President, it is not my purpose, at this late
hour of the session, to detain the business ofthe
Senate by a lengthy discussion on this amend-
ment. I shall, therefore, dispense with many of
the arguments which I would otherwise have used
on this question; and whilst I acknowledge that
the other steam service embraced ill this bill is
right and proper, yet I consider none of them of
more importance, in their consequences and re-
sults, than the one now under consideration.
I will merely call the attention of Senators to
our present relations with Mexico, and what they
might be under the provisions of this amendment.
It will be recollected that, at present, we have
but a single temporary mail service with th Gulf
ports of Mexico, being only once in two months:
making six trips a year, at a cost of $30,000 an-
nually.
By the arrangement proposed by this amend-
ment, we shall have weekly trips, touching at all
the important ports on the Gulf ofMexico, which
will not increase the amount already paid for
temporary service more than $90,000.
1 have no doubt, Mr. President, that the post-
ages alone will in a few years make this line self-
sustaining, to say nothing of the increase of rev-
enue from commerce, and political influence so
much to be desired.
If, sir, we can %ven regain the commerce which
wc have lost by our neglect and indifference to-
ward Mexico, it will increase our revenue beyond
any expenses incurred by this service.
Ill a political point of view, I will allude to the
course we are and have been pursuing, by send-
ing ministers and charges abroad to negotiate
treaties of amity and commerce with other Powers
at great expense, and totally neglecting to culti-
vate the necessary fiiendship and mutual inter-
course with our neighbor iepublic,and lay quietly
by and permit other Governments to come to our
doors, and divert the commerce from us, as well
as the affections of those people, which we have
in our power to avert by renewing our commerce
with them; if we should refuse this overture on
the part of Mexico, it may divert their attention
and affections from us to some other Power, that
will give them more consideration.
The proposition for postal and commercial in-
tercourse came from Mexico, in the shape of a
contract made with American citizens, in which
she agrees to pay one half of the expenses in car-
rying out the enterprise, which contract was sub-
mitted to the United States legation in that coun-
try, and acknowledged by all the authorities
there.
Now, Mr. President, if it be our object to cul-
tivate friendly and profitable relations with Mex-
ico, I cannot see how we can refuse this proposi-
tion, when the amount involved is insignificant
compared to the ultimate results, both in a com-
mercial and political view of the question.
Mr. HUNTER. At this late period of the ses-
sion it is impossible to discuss the merits of these
amendments. We are now in that condition in
which to debate the bill is to defeat it; and I stand
here like one whose hands are tied, for the pur-
pose of protecting the bill. I will only state the
point of my objection to this amendment. It ia
to make a foreign mail service, and to put it upon
other terms than those which were allowed by the
law of the last session to foreign mail service in
other directions, which was, that the lines should
run for the postages. I am willing to give the
postages to any foreign line. In regard to "the
merits of this proposition,! will notsay one word,
but merely state the opinion, that if it be adopted,
the foreign mail steam lines will be offered as
amendments to this bill, and whether,finally, we
agree to them or not, the end will be to defeat the
bill itself. The time is so short that it is impos-
sible that we cdn consider«ll these propositions.
We have just had returned to us the bill in regard
to the Post Office appropriations, with a message
raising a question of privilege between the two
Houses—a bill in regard to which there may be
some difficulty, and which certainly will consume
time to settle it. Unless the Senate should agree
that the period has now come, when we shall have
to vole down new amendments—and I should
have no scruple in voting this down as an amend-
ment to the bill—I do not see that we shalleverget
through in time to pass the bill before the close of
the session.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am admonished of
the propriety of the suggestion of the Senator
from Virginia. The raps of your hammer, sir,
are sufficient to remind every Senator of the im-
patience of the Senate to listen to anybody on a
question of this kind. I am not usually trouble-
some in this body; but 1 will say a few words in
reference to this amendment, which is in the words
of the bill I had the honor to introduce at the com-
mencement of the session. That bill has under-
gone the scrutiny of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and comes from them with
a recommendation that it be attached to this bill
as an amendment. It was designed to go on the
ocean steamer bill; but we all know that that bill
has failed, and I his is the only chance to estab-
lish a postal ariangement in a scction of country
that lias been too long neglected. It comes in-
dorsed by a very strong and powerful recom-
mendation of the Postmaster General.
Tlicte are many features of this proposition
which should commend it to the consideration of
the Senate The proposed postal arrangement
will be a powerful auxiliary to commerce, and I
am astonished that the matter has been so long
overlooked and passed by without the notice of
the Congress of the United States. We have es-
tablished foreign mail service with the continent
of Europe, and many distant countries. Here is
an attempt, to connect ourselves with our neigh-
bors, to open friendly relations with the Republic
of Mexico, containing twenty-two States, six
Terutories, find the district of Mexico, embrac-
ing a population of eight million two hundred and
eighty-three thousand and eighty-eight souls.
The landed esiate of those States is estimated at
the sum of $720,000,000, and the town property at
§635,000,000—making a total of $1,355,000,000.
The foreign imports into that country amount to
$26,000,000. I ask the attention of the Senate to
the countries from which these imports come.
Great Britain heads the list with $12,500,000;
the United States, $4,500,000, about one third of
Great Britain; France, $4,500,000; Germany,
#1,860,000, and so on. Here is a population right
at our own doors that receive one third of their
imports from England—and what is the reason of
this ? Simply because the Government of Eng-
land keeps up a regular line of steamers, and vir-
tually bribes that trade into her own ports, and
so deprives us of all the exports of Mexico,
amounting to about twenty-eight million dollars.
But a small proportion of that commerce comes
to our country. ^
Are not these facts sufficient to justify us in
appealing to Congress to make a proper postal
arrangement with Mexico to see if wc cannot in-
vite more of this trade and commerce to our coun-
try? In my judgment, there has not been abetter
object demanding the attention of Congress dur-
ing the present session than the commerce with
these interesting people. They desire to trade
with us, if we will give them an opportunity.
They have, not been able to do so heretofore, be-
cause the postal arrangements of England and
other countries have deprived us of their com-
merce. At present our postal service with Mex-
j ica costs §30,000. We propose to supersede it
