1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, the speech of
the honorable Senator from New York is remark-
able, certainly, for two things. The first is per-
sonal lo himself; and I am very happy to con-
gratulate him and the country that at Mst he has
concluded that economy is an element in national
policy, which heretofore he seems generally to
have ignored. The importance of the question
itself, and its incidents, seem to have aroused his
mind to that point which I consider an improve-
ment in a legislator. The next important and
remarkable feature in the speech of the Senator
is, that he comes to no conclusion upon the mam
question. He throws out a number of objections
J.0 the proposed mode of action; but he declines,
or he fails,to express, any opinion upon the mer-
its of this great question of national policy, now
about to be inaugurated. He takes ground neither
for it nor against it, as a question of national
policy, but confines himself simply to objections
to the mode now proposed for the acquisition of
Cuba. On that pointl have only this to say: it
may not be the best mode; and my purpose in
rising now is not so much to argue the'question
fully, as to answer some objections to the partic-
ular mode which is proposed by the Committee
on Foreign Relations, in conformity to the recom-
mendation of the President of the United States;
i-.nd to express my hearty concurrence in it as a
measure of great yand enduring national policy.
The Senator intimates, in the first place, that if
it is not a violation of the Constitution, it is sur-
rendering the constitutional rights of this body.
In what respect? The question of the right of the
Government of the United States to acquire ter-
ritory by purchase, or by war, or in any other
mode it may see proper, according to the law of
nations, is, 1 presume, no longer open to observa-
tion. It has been settled by the concurrcnt judg-
•mentof all parties, and by a construction of the
Constitution now no longer open to dispute. Then
if the right to acquire a country by purchase is a
conceded point in our public policy, it is not in
derogation of any of the rights of the Senate of
the United States that we should appropriate this
money. We propose to appropriate money by
law, as we have done frequently before. I know
there is a constitutional inhibition against the
President, or anybody else, using money, unless
it be appropriated by law; but, inasmuch as this
is a constitutional object, we propose to do that
very thing. Conceding that the policy of acquir-
ing Cuba by purchase is a wise policy, the ques-
tion is submitted to the Congress of the United
States, both the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, whether, if it be a wise and proper object,
deserving of appropriations of the public money,
we shall enable the Pi csiuent of the United States
to inaugurate it by tins appropriation.
I see no objection m the Constitution to it; the
gentleman has failed to point out any provision
of the Constitution which conflicts with our ap-
propriating money m advance of a bargain, for the
purpose of making the baigam. No such point
was raised in the early history of our country;
none in our war with Mexico. 1 recollect that on
two occasions a bill was introduced, and voted
for generally, until it was incumbered by an in-
ternal domestic question, authorizing the Presi-
dent of the United States to use, in one case two,
and in another tinee, millions of the public money,
for the purpose of secuiing a peace with Mexico,
connected, as the proposition undoubtedly was,
and as it was undei stood by all parties, with the
acquisition of temtory; but it was incumbered
and blocked up m the first instance, and probably
in the second, by uniting to it a condition as to
what should be the position of that territory when
it was puichased by the United States. But con-
sidering that question as having passed beyond
consultation, and being conceded by the practice
of the Government, in conflict with none of the
provisions of the Constitution, 1 shall proceed to
advei t to the incidental abnegation, as the gentle-
man seems to suppose it to bo, of the rights of
this body as a portion of the treaty-making
power.
It is a mistake in the Senator from New York
to suppose that an appropriation of money for the
purpose of purchasing a foreign territory commits
the Government to the confirmation of any treaty
winch may be made to accomplish the purpose.
I know not how it can be so viewed. I do not-
consider that those who voted for granting the
two or three millions of dollars that Mr. Polk
asked, for the purpose of making a treaty with
Mexico, thereby committed themselves, even as
Senators, to the treaty of (Guadalupe Hidalgo. It
wafe not so considered here. It was regarded
that their constitutional right as Senators could
nc^t be surrendered; that it was incapable of sur-
render. This is a legislative act proposed to be
passed, because the executive and legislative' de-
partments believe that it is a proper policy to'
appropriate this money for the purpose of nego-
tiating a treaty, in order to purchase Cuba. If
afterwards a treaty is made, the terms of which
are obnoxious in reference to its amount, or con-
tains any provision which is disagreeable to the
honorable Senator from New York, he has full
and ample constitutional power, as a member of
this body, unimpaired in any way, to reject it or
accept it, as in his judgment will best promote
the public interests. It is very true, as the Sen-
ator says, that if the $30,000,000 be expended by
the Executive, who alone, by our Constitution,
can inaugurate treaties, we shall lose the money
unless the treaty be confirmed. That is to be taken
into consideration. It is a fair consideration for-
Congiess whether the amount is too great, con-
sidering the object in view, to run the risk of a
treaty being made which may be rejected. It is
liable to^no other objection whatever. We have
simply to consider whether the amount is so great
in view of the object sought to be attained, that
we are unwilling to run the risk of the loss of
$30,000,000, rather than enable the President, m'
the use of his constitutional power, (for he alone
can address foreign nations,) to inaugurate a sys-
tem of negotiation by which he hopes^to acquire
Cuba. I do not; but as that is a question more
intimately conncctcd with the value of the acqui-
sition,! will advert to it in another portion of my
remarks.
The Senator from New York has gone into a
history of our present and prospective indebted-
ness, and the deficiencies of our revenue system.
I shall not undertake to discuss the difference be-
tween us upon either of those points. As to our
revenue^'system, I consider it equal to the wants
of the country. The question is not with this
Republic now, where are we to get money from?
but our financial system for the last fifteen or
twenty years has been an effort how not to raise it.
Even when you have drawn tariff bills with the ex-
press view of putting down surpluses, of reducing
the revenue, of getting less of it than an ordinary
system would bring, you have failed in the effort.
Most of the nations of the world have been driven
to extraordinary shitts, certainly in war and often
m peace, to know how to raise the wind—in what
manner to raise money enough to carry on their
Governments. The man who could ioventanew
tax, even in England, has been awarded great
financial talent".
But in this country, the whole ingenuity and
talent of all sides, especially of gentlemen hold-
ing the political ojfinions of that Senator, have
been devoted to the problem how not to raise
money enough. Such is the wealth of the coun-
try, such are its vast productions, that*the ques-
tion is not one of raising enough for the econom-
ical wants of the Go\ *rnment, or even for the
extravagant wants of the Government; but the
question with that Senator and his fronds is, how
to raise revenue so as to benefit particular blanches
of industry at the expense of other branches of
industry. We should ha\e no trouble at all about
raising revenue, if that was the object; wo should
have no difficulty about knowing what rate of
taxation would produce a sufficient amount for
us, or would bring hi agreateramount oi a lesser
amount than was necessary; but we have compli-
cated il by schemes to lay taxation in such a way
as to benefit particular interests, so that persons
come to Congress and seek by legislation to ob-
tain bonefits in their own private pursuits. That
is the difficulty we have.
I take it for granted, that many of the ob-
jects of expenditure to which the Senator has al-
luded, may be dispensed with. He speaks of
^1^5,000,000, or §150,000,000 for a Pacific rail-
road. That is a lact not yet accomplished, and
I do not suppose it ever will be. I agree that in
every argument of public policy, the expense
is a material element, and it ought to be consid-
ered by the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment, and moie especially when he himself, I
think, has^satisfied-the Senate'arift the country—'
those who were not satisfied before—that it is ut-
terly worthless for all pecuniary purposes or com-
mercial transactions. That $125,000,000, tftace-
fore, I propose not to spend at all. Thafis a vfry
easy way of getting rid of that $125,000,000". If
it were a wise expenditure, if it were an expend-
iture which would be advantageous to the na-
tion, I should not consider, even m our present
circumstances, that it was too great; but as I see1
no advantage to the public commensurate to the
expenditure, and no commercial advantages of
any sort, I simply propose to get rid of that
$125,000,000, by lefung it stay in the pockets of
the people.
Then, as to the amount the Government will
give for Cuba. The Senator has carried it to
$250,000,000. * I think thai is more than it is
worth. I do not think the Government will be
likely to pay that sum. I do not know what it
will pay; but, looking upon the acquisition as ft
matter of such vast advantage to the country, to
every portion of the Union, to every interest
in the United States, I am willing to risk the
$30,000,000, for' the purpose of buying it at a fair
and legitimate price, and if a treaty should come
to me proposing to pay $250,000,000 for it, I will
weigh that amount of money in one balance, and
the great advantages of the acquisition to the Re-
public in the other, and decide accordingly.
The Senator seems to object to this acquisition
with reference to its political aspects. I do* not
see that they are chahged at all by this measure.
Admit that there is force in the idea of the Sena-
tor from New York that he wants to know the
status of the seven hundred and fifty thousand
^white people, the two hundred and fifty thousand
i free negroes, and the four hundred thousand
j slaves in Cuba, he will still have that question be-
' fore him when the treaty slfall be made and come
up here for ratification. This bill does not pro-
pose to affect it at all. It will stand then where it
would stand if you made the treaty without the
bill. It does not limit it; it docs not restrain it.
It is in that respect different from the effort of the
gentleman and his political friends when they
sought to couple the acquisition of territory from
Mexico with certain conditions that did greatly
affect the internal harmony of the Republic. This ,
proposition docs not do that. It leaves that mat-
ter precisely where it would be left without the
' bill. If the treaty fixes it, it leaves it with the
treaty. If the treaty leaves it open, the bill leaves
it to the people of the United States who have been-
heretofore, and, I doubt not, will ever be, able to
manage these questions as they aiise. So far as
! I am concerned, though representing the weaker
: portion of the Republic, I arm content to make this
i acquisition and leave it to the wisdom and patri-
i oiism of my countrymen to settle on fair and just
1 principles what shall be the status of the bond and
I the free in the Island of Cuba. I am not afraid
: to meet the issue. I require nothing in this bill,
I I require nothing in the treaty, on that point.
; When we acquire the Island of Cuba, the annex-
; ation of which I look upon as important to the
, country, I am content that my own countrymen
' shall settle the status of all the people there accord-
! mg to the Constitution of the United States.
! Put I will remark to the honorable Senator that
I consider that question as already settled; I have
i no difficulties upon it. I consider that it has
i been settled by the American people; a settlement
: with which I am content; which I do not believe
; iff will be able to shake; which 1 believe will
; stand unshaken when he*aud I shall have passed
i away from the stage; that will outlive him and
outlive the country itself. It is that, while the
' territory stands as a dependency of this Repub-
lic, it shall be open to settlement by all the people
of the Republic, North and South, East and West,
! with ample constitutional protection to all prop-
erty held in any of the States; and when it takes
. its position among the free and independent States
of this Union, it will then settle for itself what shall
be the status of all colors and of all races within
its borders. That is the principle on which I think
this question has already been settled by the ver-
dict ofthe American people, and I am content to
stand on that principle; and hence 1 feel no diffi-
culty about the acquisition. I am willing to-
morrow to accept Cuba; for I deem it advant-
ageous to the Republic. I will accept Canada as
b readily, if it can be fauly and honorably done.
