irn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
purposes. $£ present we are paying for the use of this
binding.$16$00 per annum, wjth the privilege of baying it,
witirfnthree yeSr?, for tlie sum of $215,000."
Mr. HUNTER. I will not object to it.
The .amendment was agreed to..
Mr. BRIGHT. I move an amendment in lines
t]iirty-tv?o and thirty-three, on page 2 of the bill,
to strike out the words:
" For preserving the extension of the building, $50,000."
And insert t
For continuing the construction of the Treasury exten-
sion, §500,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Does that come from a com-
mittee ?
Mr. BRIGHT. Yes, sir; it is reported by the
Committee on Public Buildings unanimously.
That is the estimate; the amount which the De-
partment states is necessary to continue the work
and carry out existing contracts. The committee
recommend that change with a view to economy,
believing that it will save money to the public
Treasury to make an apprqpriation of $500,000
now, instead of $50,090. If the work is stopped,
the persons who have large contracts for mate-
rials, as a matter of course, will have a claim
against the Government. The committee think
we bad better go forward with the work, even
though the Treasury is in an embarrassed con-
dition, than stop it, and give the parties who have
contracts their remedy against the Government.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall say very little on this
subject. The House cut down the estimates for
certain public buildings, for the purposes of econ-
omy, in their opinion; and I believe myself they
have done right, in the present condition of the
Treasury, to suspend these works. They pro-
pose to cut down the estimate for this Treasury
building, and they cut down the estimates on some
of the custom-houses. If we begin to restore one,
the restoration will be made on all, and we shall
get it back to where it was before, instead of hav-
ing a reduction on the estimate. We had a pretty
large appropriation last year for this building;
anil now it is proposed to raise it very largely
again. 11 is now proposed to appropriate $500,000
for the building. There can be no necessity, as it
seems to me, to go on with it at thai rate. Cer-
tainly,, the building can be preserved for loss than
that; and I believe the building will not be in-
jured by being prosecuted slowly. I think it would
be far better, especially as we have already so
much controverted matter on the bill, to permit
the appropriation made by the House for this
building to stand. This all T have to .say. I shall
vote against restoring these estimates.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think the Senator from Vir-
ginia is in error as to the facility with which this
work can bo preserved. It is a work of peculiar
construction, being built of large pieces of gran-
ite, locked together with iron. It is a mixed work
of granite anu iron. As, long, ftierefore, as it re-
mains exposed to the variations of temperature
and moisture, there will be a rapid decay in the
work. The expansion and contraction will con-
stantly ofl'ect the large masses of granite with
which it is built, and the brick work will be ab-
sorbing large quantities of moisture which will
tend rapidly to rust the iron which is used in the
construction. It will be good economy to push
tiic work on to the most rapid completion, and
cover it in so as to protect it from the action of
the elements.
Another point in this case which deserves con-
sideration is, that, for the whole amount of granite
which enters into this building, 1 understand there
has been a contract. The contractor is here with
a large amount of draught animals, and maintain-
ing a party at a considerable expense, both here
and at the point where the granite is quarried. It
is somewhereabout Disk's Island that this granite
is quarried. Ail this party must be disbanded;
his work must stop both here and there; the ani-
mals must be sent back or sold; and, this being a
contract for the supply of an amount of granite
which requires this largo number of peisous in
the field, he will certainly come upon the Govern-
ment for damages, if we now.interrupt the prog-
ress of his contract. According to the information
which I have been able to gain in relation to this
subject, by the end of the next fiscal year, by the
payment of sums already due, and those which
are falling due, the balance on hand will have been
expended. The $50,000 will, perhaps, suffice to
keep up the most expensive part of the organisa-
tion—those employes who receive the highes'
compensation—but it will serve little, indeed, to
preserve the work. Therefore, it is good econ-
omy, if we are going to complete the building at
all, to make a large appropriation, and push it
forward as rapidly as possible to complete con-
struction.
Mr. HAMLIN. I had my attention called to
this matter, and I have given it an examination.
I only rise for the purpose of saying that I con-
cur cordially in what has fallen from both the
Senators who have spoken on the subject. In my
judgment, an appropriation of $50,000 will be
#50 ,000 thrown away. It will just temporarily
preserve the building in the state in which every
body sees it as they pass along, with excavations
in the cellar, some of the walls partly built, and
all exposed to storms and the action of the weather.
This $50,000 is to preserve it and keep it as it
now is; butat the expiration of the year the build-
ing will not be worth as much as it is now. It
will therefore be $50,000 thrown away, and the
work will not bo in as good a condition as it is
to-day. It is, in my humble judgment, a matter
of pure, simple economy, whether you will pro-
gress with this building or postpone it to another
time. Believing it to be a matter of pure agronomy,
and believing that the operatives who are inter-
ested in this matter in quarrying this granite, the
men who do the hard work, are men who have a
light to call upon us here to let the work go along
in a proper way, I shall vote for the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I will mention another rea-
son in addition to the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, why I think we ought
to sustain this amendment. The question of econ-
omy goes beyond the question of damages to
these contractors. Congress, after full exam-
ination, determined to extend the Treasury De-
partment, with a view to the accommodation of
the State, as well as the Treasury offices. The
State Department stands in a position in which
every record you have is in a stale of constant
liability to destruction by fire. The loss in the
event of such an accident, cannot well be estima-
ted. You have experienced losses of that kind
in other Departments, and what you may not
know, you have had this Department on fire. 1
know while 1 was chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings, the evidence was before me
that it occurred seven times m a single depart-
ment of which nothing was known, perhaps, be-
cause the lire happened to be put out before it got
under way. The State Department is not fire-
proof. It is more exposed perhaps, than any de-
partment of the Government. It was on these
considerations that Congress determined it was
necessary that the Treasury building should be
enlarged, so as to accommodate both, and both
to be fire-proof. Therefore,in addition to the false
economy of stopping this work, and throwing
away $50,000, you are protracting the execution
of a work which is essentially necessary to save
you not only from a possible, but not improbable
[oss, which would be enormously beyond any
petty saving arising by refusing this appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I have some amendments to
offer from the Committee on Claims. The first
is to insert as a new section:
Jlvd be Ufarther enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
tenor bo, unci lie is hereby, authored and requned lo pay
out of the judiciary fund heretofoic appiopriated for the
'IVmtory of Utah, s.ueh sum as may be found due to Messrs.
Gilbert & GeirJt.li, upoa drafts and certificates of Joseph L.
IJeywood, late marshal of Utah, not exceeding the sum of
§21jG.">9 97, which in the amount foundducto said marshal,
upon the settlement of his accounts, and now branding to
Jus oi edit in tlie Treasury, and that the same be charged to
!>aul marshal on the books of the Treasury.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 raise a question of order
on that amendment. Is not that a private claim?
Mr. IVERSON. I want to make an explana-
tion befoie the Chair decides that point. It is a
private claim; but it appropriates no money, as
the Chair will perceive—not a dollar out of the
Treasury. The facts are these: the marshal of
the district of Utah was in the habit of drawing
drafts upon the Treasury Department for what
money he wanted in Utah to be expended for the
expenses of the courts. There was a judiciary
fund appropriated for that purpose to defray the
expenses of holding courts in Utah. The marshal
drew his drafts when he wanted money there, and
got it from meichants and the money-holders of
Utah. He drew drafts upon the Treasury to tlie
extent of some fifty or sixty thousand dollars on
which Gilbert & Grerrish gave him the money;
and in the mean time the Secretary of the Interior
instructed the marshal not to draw any more
drafts upon the Interior Department. Before,
however, tjbe order of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior got out to Utah, these drafts were drawn, and
the money obtained from Gilbert & Gerrish, and
expended by the Government of the United States
for the expenses of holding courts in Utah. When
the drafts came here the Secretary of the Interior
repudiated and protested them, because he had
issued his order prior to the time the drafts were
drawn, though his order did not reach Utah in
time to prevent the drawing of the drafts. This
money is already heretofore appropriated by ex-
isting law. It stands now upon the settlement as
due the marshal. This sum of $24,000 is ascer-
tained to be due him for expenditures which he
has made in Utah on behalf of the United States,
and legitimately made. The money is in the
Treasury to the credit of the marshal, and the ob-
ject of this amendment is simply to direct the Sec-
retary of the Interior to pay out that money to
these parties who were entitled to the drafts. The
drafts are not invalidated. They are admitted to
be just and due; but the Secretary of the Interior
declines paying them without the authority of
Congress. The marshal, Mr. Hey wood, admits
that the drafts are due, and ought to be paid. He
does not come to the Treasury and claim' the bal-
ance. He is willing that it should be paid over
to the claimants. It does not appropriate one sin-
gle dollar out of the Treasury that has not been
already appropriated. It only takes a portion of
the judiciary fund of Utah, and applies it to the
payment of this debt.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The question made by the Senator
from Virginia is, that this amendment is not in
order, as it is to pay for a private claim, appro-
priating money from the Treasury fund. The
Chair thinks, in the form in which the amendment
is drawn, that it is objectionable.
Mr. IVERSON. I appeal from that decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is: " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. IVERSON. On that subject I wish to say
to the Senate, and I think the Senate will agree
with me, that it is a matter of no consequence as
to the form, when the facts are stated upon au-
thority to the Senate. The Committee on Claims
have investigated this case, and the facts which I
have stated appear upon the face of the papers.
I state them in my place here upon my authority,
from the full knowledge of those facts. That
money has been paid by these parties to the mar-
shal of Utah. He has expended it in legal ob-
jects for the benefit of the United States, and upon
the settlement of the accounts at the Treasury
with the marshal, §24,000 are now in the Treas-
ury subject to the order of the marshal, or rather
to his credit. The Secretary refuses to pay it to
him, and refuses to pay it to these parties, until
the authority of Congress is given. The money
has already been appropriated to the judiciary
fund of Utah. It is not, therefore, appropriating
a dollar, or taking a dollar out of the Treasury,
that has not already been set apart for this par-
ticular purpose. I hope the Senate will overrule
the decision, and that 1 shall be allowed to bring
in this claim. It is a very bard case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
have the amendment again read to the Senate.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. IVERSON. It will be perceived that the
amendment recites the fact that the money has
heretofore been appropriated,and therefore it can-
not be out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that this amendment directs the payment of
the money out of a Treasury fund by the Secre-
tary of the Interior to pay these individuals named
in the amendment, and that that being so, it is a
private claim, and not in order. The Senator from
Georgia appeals, and the question is: " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 24, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS- Mesbfo. Bayard, Bright, Chesnut, Clay, Cling
