1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
fairly and honestly done, all the tropics under
our flag.
We have now the command of one of the great
elements of human commerce, cotton. We have
now the command of the bread of the world. We
have their bread and their clothing. Give us Cuba,
give us the West Indies, and we shall command
all the tfther wants of the kuman race; we shall
control their commerce in everything; we shall
control their tonnage, and it will be of more value
even to the northern people than to the South. It
will bring; a competitor in tropical fruits and sugar
to a portion of the southern States. Cuba is ex-
actly in the condition the most favorable possible
to break off all commercial restrictions for the
benefit of New England and the entire North.
She does not grow beef except to a very small
extent, and pork not at all; she has no manufac-
tures; she has no iron. She raises everything
that the North wants, and she would be the best
customer in the world for every article of their
industry. There is no pioduction in New Eng-
land that cannot find a market in Cuba. There
is just the point for an exchange of commodities
from which the most beneficial commerce the
world ever saw will result. Therefore, I say, the
manufacturing States, the grain-growing States,
have the greatest interest in this acquisition.
They can get there sugar and coffee and West
India fruits, which they can sell to all the world,
and increase their exports. They can exchange
products with Cuba without duty, with entire in-
ternal free trade, and there will be built up a homq#
market for their manufactures, such a market as
can be found in no other habitable part of the
globe. Here is a natmal exchange of products,
arising from locality and climate and soil. It will
be nature's commerce; beneficent, piosperous,
beneficial to all engaged in it. It does not need
laws; it does not need restrictions; it requires no
ingenuity to sliow that that commerce will he a
beneficial one to all concerned in it, especially to
the northern and middle States; it will not benefit
the South to the same extent.
Some may think that wc go'for it because by this
means we shall have one more slave State m the
Union. I know that the Senator from New Yoi k
at the last session alluded to the comparative num-
ber of slaveholdmg and non-slaveholdmg States;
but I never considered that my rights lay there;
I never considered that i held my rights of prop-
erty by the votes of Senators. It is" too feeble a
tenure. It I did, I have shown by my votes that
I have not feared them. Whenever any State,
Minnesota or Oregon, or any other came, no
matter whue from, if she came on principles
which were sufficient m my judgment to justify
her admission mm this great family of nations,
I have never refused her the right hand of fellow-
ship. I did not mquiie whether you had seven-
teen or eighteen free States. If you had fifty it
would not alter my vote. The-idea of getting
one slave State would hnve no effect on me. But
Cuba has fine ports, and Wtth her acquisition, we
can make first the Gulf of Mexico, and then
the Canbbean sea, a nunc cluumm. Probably
younger men than you or I will live to see the
day when no flag shall float there except by per-
mission of the United States of America. That
is my policy. I rose more with a view to declare
my policy for the future, that development, that
progress throughout the tropics was the true,
fixed, unalterable policy of the nation, no matter
what may be the consequences with reference to
European Powers.
Mi. HALE. Mr. President, I do not intend to
occupy the attention of the Senate a great while;
but if I do nothing else befoie I sit down, I hope
to be relieved A out i he censure which the honora-
ble Senator from Georgia lias made on the Sen-
ator hom New York, and that is that he lias not
expressed plainly Lis views on the mam proposi-
tion. I am opposed to it utterly, totally, and en-
tirely. 1 remember, sir, for it is some years since
this matter oi acquisition has been talked of in
this country, that it was fust mauguiated under
the genius of what was Called " manncst destiny;5 5
but f see that manifest destiny has been li.iden to
death; we have got net of it, and now succeeds to
"manifest destiny," "political necessity." i
want to examine that a little. I do not know but
what it is necessary that thi.s should come under
the auspices of " political necessity;" because I
beheve the doctors who taught m'the school of
"manifest destiny" only contend that manifest
destiny extended over the whole continent, and'
now we are to leave the continent and go to sea;
we must have a new era and we are to take " po-
litical necessity;" and I suppose that is the reason
of the change. I am opposed to them both. I
was opposed to " manifest destiny," and 1 am
opposed to " political necessity." I am opposed
to them for this reason. "Manifest destiny"
always traveled South. [Laughter.] Although
it was the mission of " manifest destiny" to take
in the whole continent, he never seemed to re-
member that there was a north side of it. He was
always traveling South. [Laughter.] We could
not get him to turn his eyes North. So wanting
in fidelity to his mission was " manifest destiny,"
that was to overrun this whole continent, so en-
grossed was he in looking South, that whilst his
mission had been proclaimed, and he was attend-
ing to southern interests, the Administration
actually sold out a part of one of the northern
States, the State of Maine. " Manifest destiny"
was so taken with the southern aspect, that he
actually let the Administration trade oil" a part of
one of our own States. Weil, sir, for that 1 never
forgave " manifest destiny."
But again, we had another case. The Senator
from Georgia has a magnificent imagination, to
say nothing else"; but, sir, we had an empire big
enough to gratify the ambition of the most ambi-
tious man, lying on the Pacific coast, ru nmng from
the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific—one that we
requned neither purchase to obtain, nor war to
keep—our own, " our own indisputable soil-," a
soil so clearly ours that tins very man now at the
head of your national affairs, the present Presi-
dent of the United States, as Secretary of State,
would not consent to enter into a negotiation with
Great Britain about that splendid western empire
of ours, because if he consented to go into atbi-
tration, or to discuss an arbitration, it would ad-
mit that thete was a doubt about it^vhile there
was not any doubt, and the Administration would
not admit that there was any doubt as to our light;
it was "clear and indisputable." However,
" manifest destiny, "that was to overrun the whole
con tment,was looking so constantly sontherward,
that the Administration did not sell out that time,
but gave away—-gave away with a mere dash of
the pen—that magnificent empire from the Ilocky
Mountains to the Pacific ocean, and from' 49a to
*)-P north latitude.
Mr. DURKEEand others. Fifty-fourforty."
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; we were to have up to
" 5-1° 40' or fight," and we gave every inch of
that away. It was don** with a mere d"a?,h of the
pen. Then, there lay oiF the Pacific coast another
splendid island, occupying nor, far from the^ame
relative position to the Colombia river that Cuba
docs to the Mississippi—Vancouver's Island—and
that was down bMow 49°; but, with a mere dash
of the pen, we threw in this gigantic empire for
nothing, and gave them Vancouver's Island to
induce them to take it.
Tins is the Instory of" manifest destiny" in
north latitude. 1 have said this, and levant to say
it a<rain and again, and it ought to be repeated,
and 1 call Senators to notice the fact, that when-
ever wc have had to deal wi'h "manifest des-
tiny"*or " political necessity" in any tieaty re-
litmq; to our northern boundary, it has been to
cut otf; and, if we could not sell out, we a;r.e
away, whilst we have been contmual'y traveling
south for acquisitions. This may be aliacndentai;
probably it is; bat, if you cv r read Pickwick,
sir, you remember that, as Sam Weller says, it
was a most astonishing coincidence. [Laughter.]
These arc the general reasons, bu* I w^nt to
call particular attention to the position IvJr. i inch -
unan took on this subject when b" was Secretary
of State. I read from his letter to Air. Sound- 1 s—
that famous letter in which he offered ^luU,OuO,OuO
for Cuba:
u The fate of fen i-Umd mu-f ever If tlf'ply ritf'^nn-j
to the people of the United writer We ujo content that
it continue to be a colony ./t Spam. Whilst m her
po-*iC- >1011 we have nothing to ap;>k limd. r>>3- kU^. w<* are
heuiiil to hci l>v the te;- o^nm-ient iVicmMap, and we sin-
cerely cle^sjuj to lender these peipoiua!."
I am not skilled in the diplomatic hi^tory-of
this country, hut I think it will be found to be
fa--t that Sp'>:n, our earliest ally, has maintained
her treaty stipulations of peace, amity, good wi;l,
and friendship v/nh us from Uie Urne when, in
1778, she extended to us the right hand of friend-
ship, when we were struggling for a name and a
place in -the family of nations. Then, in pur
feebleness, irr our infancy, in our poverty, nay,
in our very destitution, when we had neither a
name to live, nor an arm to defend ourselves with,
she came to our aid; she lent us money and men
and ships, and'she rendered us service when it
was needed; and from that day to this, Spain has
maintained, in unbroken succession, the position
and the relation of an ally and a friend, and Mr.
Buchanan, in his letter to Mr. Saunders, recog-
nized that. He says we are bound to her by the
ties of " ancient friendship"—nothing new, but
by the ties of ancient friendship, when her friend-
ship was worth something, " and we sincerely
desire to render these perpetual."
Well, sir, I know that it may be said to be sen-
timental, and possibly beneath the character of
the Senate, to adduce any considerations of this
kind aa having anything to do with our national
policy; but, for myself, I am content to admit,
and to avow here, that they are considerations
potent and powerful and all-weighty with me. I
hate, I very much hate, to disturb these ancient
relations of amity, "friendship, peace, and good
will, that commenced so long ago, and have been
continued and maintained so long. If the Ad-
ministration, of which our present Executive was
Secretary of State, were sincere in the position
which they took,-that so long as this island re-
mained in the hands of Spam we had nothing to
wish, atid nothing -to hope, and were sincerely
desirous that it should remain so, what has al-
tered the state of things since? Sir, if there is
anything due to the ties of ancient friendship, I
can imagine that Spam <mght appeal to us, and
tell us that, when we were weak and feeble and
defenseless and helpless, when we were^struggling
for our very existence, she, then in the zenith of
her power and her wealth, reached out her hand
to rud and to save and to pjotect us. Now, sir,
it may be that m the visitations of Providence,
as the Senator from Georgia said, decrepitude and
old age and decay are coming upon her. Her
colonial possessions have depaited one by one;
all her possessions upon this continent have been
wrested from her, and she holds now but one lit-
tle gem of what was once her mighty coronet, and
she may appeal to Senators, if there is any senti-
ment in your heuits, and ask you, in the name
of justice, in the name of gratitude, in the name
of all the ties which should bind such an ally as
her to the United Stales—if when misfortune has
fallen upon her; if when ft ehleness lias come, and .
her possessions, one by one, have been rent from
her; if when lawless expeditions, year after year,
are fitted out from our shores to wrest this, her
last possession in the western world, from her,
is the United States to join tins piratical cry ancL
go full chase with those who would rob our own*
our ancient, and our venerated ally of her pos-
session here? No, sir; i will never do it; and
1 confess that I sympathize, and sympathise,
deeply, with the feelings which have been man-
ifjfchd in the resolutions which have been read
by the Senator itom New York, as those which
have been passtd in Jut legislative assembly.
Why, then, the necessity for such a mcasu'e as
this, when it is absolutely clear and demonstrable
and demonstrated that H can have no practical ef-
fect? it can only have a tendency to wound, to
injure, and to insult the f« chugs of Spain; pos-
sibl v, nay probably, it may ha\ e the further effect
of giving vitality and n'>w h'e to those piratical
expeditions whieh are fi'ied out from your shores
to iio and take Cuba.
If'he Senate of the United States shall counte-
ni;!i'e such a proposition as this, I say it may
have this efiecf, and our good faith*may be dis-
trusted, and well distrusted, if we are putting out
empty proclamations against those who would fit
out expeditions lawlessly from our shores to
take Cuba, u hile at the same timswe are, by our
acts here m the Senate, resolving that it is desir-
able to acquire the island, and authon/.mg Uie
President of the United States to pay the sum of
$jb,O0O,Ot)O to consummate so desnable an objcct.
Sir, will not the men who fit out these expeditions
say th< ic is no sin-\ riiy in your reproof. " Wc
know that the Uiut-'d' Slates want Cuba; we
know they vote $30,0Utl.UUU to the, President to
enable him to buy it; and we know if we go, and
aie successful in s-uzang it, that we shall only
