1626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
be, and he is hereby, authorized to contract with responsi-
ble parties tor the conveyance of the mails, for a period not
exceeding ten years, in steamers of suitable speed for mail
service between any port or ports of the United States and
Europe'; twice'monthly to Liverpool or Southampton, once
a month to Bremen, via Southampton, and once a month
to Havre, via Southampton : Provided, That the cost of the.
entire service under the three several contracts shall not
exceed the total sum of $600,000 per annum.
I will state that this sum of $600,000 has been
ascertained, by reports of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the last fiscal year, to be within the
amount of postages. The present service is au-
thorized to be carried on for the postages. This
contract runs for only the period that was stated
in the bill, which was two years only. The ob-
ject is to encourage, if possible, American steam-
ers to take these mails, three fourths of which are
now taken by British steamers. There are only
two American steamers employed in this service,
and on but one of these four lines is the mail car-
ried in American steamers. The object is to en-
tourage, by giving the postages in a round sum,
the owners of American ships to enter into a
contract, and not allow the scrvice to go to foreign
ships.
Mr. HUNTER. We are now having put on,
as far as I understand it, in separate parts, the
whole of that bill which the House has twice hud
upon the table. The House of Representatives
have shown a settled determination not to pass
that bill as a whole, and now we are putting that
bill back as a whole, and sending it to them in
separate provisions, to which we know that they
will have great opposition. So far as the Cali-
fornia service proper was concerned, 1 did not
oppose, it because f felt it was csst-nMnl that we
should not break up the mail communications
entirely; but when it comes to adding to that the
very matter which, in connection with the Califor-
nia service, had been tabled by the House, I feel
we are merely sporting with this bill. We are
exposing it not to hazard, but to certain defeat;
unless, indeed, we hope and expect to save it by
some committee of conference which will give up
all that we are now doing. Now, the only thing
for us to consider is, whether we will load the bill
down with more appropriations. Have we not
pot upon it as much as we can carry? Is not the
Senator from California hazarding the very mail
communication with his own State, for we know
the House hasshown itself as inexorably opposed
to this bill, as a whole, as it has ever done to
any.
Mr. BIGf-ER. Mr. Piesident—
Mr. CrWJN. The Senator will permit me a
moment. It is simply because the scrvice for my
own State ix provided for, as the Committee oil
the Post Office and Post Roads of the House have
reported this bill, that it seemed to be an act of
justice not to discriminate. 1 do not want to load
the bill. I would not have put an amendment on
it if I could have helped it, and 1 do not wish to
embarrass the Senator at all.
Mr. fjlGLER. I simply desire to suggest to the
Senator from California to withdraw this amend-
ment. I think the Senator from Virginia is evi-
dently right. We are going on in a career of de-
struction. It is absolutely necessary to arrest
amendments to this bill, or it will be physically
impossible to prepare it for a final passage. Ik-
sides, it is true that'the House has manifested a
determination not to take that, it is an amendment,
after all, which givesonly ihepostages;and should
it fail, the Postmaster Uetieml has authority to go
on and make the Europeau service by paying the
postages as heretofore. I hope that die Senator
will not pr  ss the amendment.
Mr. KENNEDY. If that amendment is not
withdrawn, f desire to offer an amendment as a
substitute for it.
Mr. GWIN. If any amendments are to be of-
fered to it, J cannot insist on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California withdraws Ins amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I propose to offer some
amendments. The first is a small amendment, of
a legislative character entirely; and it is, to insert,
as a new section:
Jind be it further enacted, That in ail eases where, by the
torn-5 of any Indian treaty in Knnt-a? Territory, eaid Indian's
are entitled to separate selections of land, and to a patent
therefor, under guaidss, restrictions, or conditions, foi their
benefit, tin' treeietary of the Interior is heiehy authonxcd
to cause patent* therefor to issue to s«uch Indian or Indian-;
stad their heirs* upon such conditions and limitations^ and
under such guards or restrictions, as may be prescribed by
said Secietaiy.
Mr. HUNTER. I will ask the Senator if there
is anything so pressing as that he must insist on
the amendment?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I was going to remark,
Mr. President, that I did not, by any course of
mine, propose to make myself obnoxious to the
charge of overloading this bill, and I have selected
two amendments of pressing, urgent necessity;
they are so suggested by the Department.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator
that we shall soon have before us a bill making
appropriations to carry out the treaty'with the
Yanctons, and this amendment will be more ap-
propriate to that.
JVJ r. SEBASTIAN. A very few words will ex-
plain the necessity of the amendment. The Kan-
sas Indians, some two or three small tribes, are
entitled to separate lots of land, and to patents for
them, which are to contain limitations and restric-
tions for their own benefit. The Kansas tribe of
Indians have taken so much interest in this mat-
ter, and consider it so essential for their own pres-
ervation, that they have sent a delegation urging
and importuning Congress to pass some measure
authorizing the patents to issue. The Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs says, if Congress does
not now interfere and exercise its power under
the treaty, he will be compelled to issue the pat-
ents, without any limitation or restriction what-
ever; and this amendment authorizes him to com-
ply with the treaty stipulation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I ask, what is the proposition
which is now before us ? I rose before the Chair
put the question.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is not the proposition
that you suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
stated that its effect was to apply to the Kansas
Indians.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is not the amendment
in which the Senator from New York takes great
intoiest.
Mr. KING. Let it be read.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to all this. It is irreg-
ular. The decision has been made,and the amend-
ment carried; and it cannot be read without unan-
imous consent.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator rose
before the question was put. I can testify to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair con-
siders the Senator from New Yotk as in time..
Mr. KING. I had refeience to the New York
Indians. Is if intended to include them?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It has no reference to
them.
Mr. ICING. If it relates to the Kansas Indians
alone, I have no objection.
Mr. SEBASTIA'N. If the Senator from New
York will allow me, 1 will state to him that it has
not the slightest reference to the treaty with the
New York Indians.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well; that is enough.
Mr. KING. That is all 1 want to know.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment to oiler—to insert as a new section:
be U further enacted, That the American Boaid of
Comuu^ioneii* tor Foreign Minion-" !:•> heiehy leleaard fiom
the obligation under the'louith article o! the treaty ot 1&J5
with the Oherokees, to expend the value of the improve-
ments of the Union and Harmony iMifSioniiifcehoolsamong
I he ami in impioviuj* their condition ; and theyaie
heieby authoiized to expend the same lot the same purpose
within any Indian tnlie, not provided with schools, that
shall be selected by said boaid, with the (sanction of the
Commissioner ot hub.in Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator will allow
mo to say that the amendment contains no appro- j
priation at all. The American Board of Coinnus- '
sioncrs for Foreign Missions were required, by
t!u; treaty of 1835, to expend the amount of cer-
tain improvements upon their missions ceded to
the United States in improving the condition and
establishing schools among the Osages. When
they sent missionaries there among the Osages,
they found the ground occupied by another reli-
gious denomination, hostile to the purpose. This
merely enables them to expend that money upon
other Indian tribes of the denomination of the
board, with the consent of the Secretary of the
Interior; that is all. The money has already been
paid.
Mr. HUNTEE, I think the best thing would
be to call the yeas and nays, and test the sense
of the Senate, and see whether we are going to
put on these amendments. I think it is time that
we should vote against them, no matter whether
they are right or wrong. It cannot be hoped that
we shall get through with the bill if we keep on
putting the general legislation of the country upon
it, as we are no-# doing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator demand the yeas and nays ?
Mr. HUNTER. I will wait for a division to
see how the vote stands. *
The amendment was rejected—ayes six, noes
not counted.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am authorized by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer another
amendment, which is the same one proposed by
the chairman of the Finance Committee, by di-
rection of that committee, the other day:
For the general and incidental expenses of the Indian
service in the Territory of Utah, or so much thereof as may
be required for expenditure during the year ending the 30th
of June, 1858, $.">6,599 31 : Provided, however, That no part
of this sum shall be paid until the Commissioner of Indian
-Affaiis shall have tir t audited and passed the several ac-
counts.
Mr. HUNTER. These things have been set-
tled on a committee of conference. The two
Houses have met in regard to that amendment
and had a conference on it already. Now, ought
we to he putting that appropriation on this bill?
I hope we shall vote off all these things.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Before the Senate comes
to a vote upon the amendment, I wish to explain
it. This is an ordinary deficiency occurring in the
service of the Indian department. It was sanc-
tioned by the Senator from Virginia the other day,
and lie piesented it, as chairman of the Commit-
tee on Financ?, to the Indian bill. 1 will ask the
Secretary to read the remarks with which he ac-
companied the amendment upon the printed slip
which I send to the chair, and then I will say no
more in regard to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall take a vote.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I hope the Senator will
allow it to be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Mi. Hunter. Thi.- is an estimate vvhieli was presented
l:wt >".Tr, but not put to the bill, on account uf the general
distrust which accompanied everything in regard to the
Territory of Utah. Thi* se^ion the rieeretai} ot the hue-
noi did not iccotnmcnd it at fn^t in the punted estimates,
because be said there seemed to be a den-don of Confess
against it; but he >eut a letter to the committee, raying that
the money was due, and there ought to be home pioviMou
lor it; and they determined to in^eit tins provision, appro-
priating the money conditionally, to he paid after the claims
are settled hete by the Department, and not by the agents
tin ie."'
Mr. GREEN. This is an amendment to which
the Senate agreed the other day. The House dis-
agreed, and the conference were not satisfied upon
one point Therefore, a letter has been addressed
to the Secretary of the Interior, and the Commis-
sioner oflndian Affairs has fully answered it to
the satisfaction of all. They intended to bring
it in in a subsequent bill, provided satisfactory ex-
planations were received. We have now received
a letter on the subject, and if any Senator desires
it, it can be read. I will not consume time, but
it js peifectly satisfactory. Itis not necessary to
read it, unless some Senator desires it. [" Ques-
tion."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRODERICK. I move to strike out in
line one hundred and thirty, all after the word
" work," to the end of the clause, m the follow-
ing words:
"And also including all the account^ for sin veys of pub-
lic lands and piivate land claim's in C.ihloinia under con-
tiacts prior to the 30th June, 1^57, $103,000."
And insert $43,000; so that it will read:
Foi purveying the public l.anK and puv.ite land claims
m California, ineludum office expenses incident to the >.ur-
vey of claims, and to be demised at the latespre&cnbed by
law tor the dill'eient kiudiof work, $13,000.
We are voting millions of dollars to-day, and I
hope that I can get the aid of the chairman of the
Finance Committee to make this reduction. 1
will read the amendment proposed at the last
session. It is identical with the amendment that
I now propose, showing clearly that these claims
have been been trumped up since we passed this
amendment last year:
" For survevmg the public lands and private land claims
in California* including office expenses incident to the sur-
