544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 24,
have done that which the Government desire to
have done."
Now, sir, I again dissent from that whole pol-
icy which says it is American poticy to be con-
tinually annexing foreign nations to us. I am for
improving what we have got; I am foriScvelop-
ing our own resources; and I am for applying the
mparts that we have to the improvement of what
we have got. I should like to know where the
constitutional power comes from. It is said there
is no power to build a railroad to the Pacific ocean
unless it be a war measure. I should have said
this if I had got the floor on the Pacific railroad,
but I will say it now: I am utterly opposed to
that whole doctrine, that we hare no power to
make a railroad from here to the Pacific ocean
unless it can be demonstrated that it is absolutely
necessary and indispensable as one of the means
£ of carrying on war. Sir, the Government of the
United States have power to make peace as well
as to make war; and if, as the proclamations of
war usually say, the purpose ol entering into a
war is to procure an hovforable peace, the country
ought to have some'energy to do something to
foster and nourish and develop its interests in
peace as well as in war. But, sir, this modern
doctrine that you can expend anything and every-
thing for war measures, and nothing for peace,
I utterly dissent from. Here you may spend
$150,000,000, if it js necessary  for purposes of
war; but if you arc asked for'fifty cents for any
of the great purposes of peace, of commerce, of
the arts, this gigantic Government is seized with
paralysis, and cannot move a finger for any of
the purposes of peace, or any of its arts, or any
of its interests; but it is omnipotent for all the
purposes of war. *
Mr. GWIN. As the gontlemnn is on the sub-
ject of tin* Pacific. railroad, ! wish lie would give
way and let us take up that bill and 'go on with
it. [Laughter.] Ii is a better subject than this,
a great deal. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I can only say to my friend from
California, as the Archbishop said to Gil Bias, I
wish you all manner of prosperity, and more
taste than to interrupt me again, [laughter;] but
I will give way.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to .the consideration of executive busings.
Mr. SL1DELL. 1 hopo the Senator from Dela-
ware will permit the question to be taken—the
mere formal question of making this subject the
special order lor Monday next,
Mr. BAYARD. If that question can betaken,
• X withdraw the motion for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFJCKU, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The question is on printing the
report of the commute?.
Mr. SEW Ali f >. Will the Senator include the
4feP! luting of tin1 bill presented by the minority 5
^ Mr. SUDELL. Of course.
The motion, a« modified, was agreed to.
Mr. SEIDELL. J now move to make this lull
the special oider for Monday next.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the vote is taken
on that motion, 1 desire also to have the resolu-
tion which I offered at the close of the last ses-
sion, which is germane to this question, printed
and laid on the tables of Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
may make that motion after the question now
presented is determined. The question is on
making this bill the special order for Monday
next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move to print the
resolution which 1 offered at the last session, and
which is germane to this subject, in part.
The motion was agreed to.'
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. BAYARD. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration ofcxccutive business.
Mr. DAVIS. i hope the Senate wilt renew-
the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill. I
feel that it is incumbent on me to call their atten-
tion to the fact that the Senator from Califou^a,
[Mr. Gwin,] who so long had charge of the bill,
announced his expectation that the subject would
be concludcd on Thursday last; and said that he
•would not press it aa;ain upon the Senate. I con-
sumed so much of that day that I feel really re-
sponsible to him. 1 trust the balance of this day
will be given to the final settlement, so far as the
Senate is concerned, of its action on the Pacific
railroad bill. Let us vote upon it, get it out of
the way for good or for evil, and then go on to
something else.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
It will not detain them long, yet I think it essen-
tial—more essential than the disposition of the
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agieed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the r^ption of the Senator from Delaware.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business.
After Romft time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened; and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Januaiy 24,1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
: by Rev. J. Asiiwaxden.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
CHARLES J. INGERSOLL.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in or-
der to be the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Chailes J. lngersoll. As the«bill related to pri-
vate business, however, with the consent of the
House it would go over until Friday.
Mr. PHILLIPS. * I suppose it will come up
then r
The SPEAKER. It will come up the first thing
in the morning.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then I have no objection.
The bill was accordingly postponed.
territorial business.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
older to be the motion of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] submitted on Monday
last, to suspend the rules to permit him to intro-
duce the following resolution:
Rrsoloal, That thiee days, Tue>day, Wednesday, and
Tlmwlay, the 52."ith, and 5271 li of this month, tit:, and
the same ,nt; hiueby, set aside lot the eonmduialiun ot'ter-
nloimi
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will modify
the i esolution so as to make it the 1st, 2d, and 3d
of February.
Mr. MORGAN. I object, to the resolution in
this shape, unless a provision is added that no
proposition for the admission of a State into the
. Union shall be taken up during that time,
i Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 will state that
; I cannot agree lo the modification proposed by
j the. gentleman from New York. There is but
' one proposition to admit a State, that I know of,
which is Oregon. I wish to take up that bill just
■ as soon as it can be done. I am perfectly willing,
: however, if the gentleman will allow the resolu-
, tion to come before the House, that he shall sub-
1 nut his proposition as an amendment; and if the
1 majority of the House shall adopt it, Ihavenoth-
| ing to say.
| Mr. MORGAN. I prefet to take the course I
; have indicated. I know what will be the result.
1 Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I pledge my-
i self, if the rules are suspended, that the gentleman
shall have an opportunity of introducing his
: amendment.
I Mr. MORGAN. I object to the resolution.
! Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would inquire
I whether two days will not be sufficient?
Mr. STEPii ENS, ofGeorgia. When the reso-
; lutidn is before the House, u can be amended so
i as lo only include two days, if the House ihink
ptoper. I think, myself, that two days will not
. be suilioiont.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is not this resolu-
tion day? I understand that the resolution is in
; order.
The SPEAKER. This is resolution day; but
it is still competentfor any gentleman to move to
suspend the rules to introduce a resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Before the vote
is taken on the motion to suspend the rules, I will
move ihat theie be a call of the House; and on
that motion ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 74, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aid. Anderson, Avery, Barr, Boyce,
Bums, Caruthers, Jolm B, Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Gregg, Lawience W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins JUodses*,
Hughes, nuvler, Jackson, Jewett, Geonre \V. Jones, Owen
Jones, Lawrence, Leidy, MeKibbin, McUae. Mattoson,
Miller, Mill-on, Mooie, P-aac N. Morns, NibUcU. Nichols,
Pendleton, Petut, John S. Phelps, Reagan, Sandidge, Sav-
age, Scott, Seward, Aaron Shaw. Shorter, Singtetw. Rob-
ert Smith, Wiiham Smith, Stephens, Jame-, A. Stewart,
William Stewait,• Geotge Tavloi, Vallandiglmm, Vance,
Watkms, White, Whitcley, Wmslow, Wouendyke, Au-
gustus R. Wright, and ZoliicorFer—174.
NAYS — Messis. Andiews, Bennett. Bingham, Bhss,
Brayton, Buffititon, Case, Ezia Clark, dawson, Corning,
Covode, Cox, (Jragin, Cuny, Davis of Marvjand, Davis of
/ndiana, Davis of Massachusetts Davis o'l Iowa, Dean,
Dodd, Dowdcll, Durfee, Farnsvvoith, Feriton, Floience,
Foste*, Oiddings, Gillie, Oilman, Gilmer. Gooch, Gianaer,
Grow, Harlan, Harris, Haskm, Hoaid, Ifojtoii, Howaid,
Iveun, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knupp, L&aeh, Loitci, Lovejoy,
Maclay, Humphrey Mai-hall, Samuel S. Marshall, May-
nard, Moigan, Morrill, Edwaid JovMoirm, Fieeman H.
Morse, Oliver A. Moise, Mott, Muiray, Ohn^Palnier, Pai-
ker, Peuort, Phillips, Pike, Pottle, PowuL), Pmv.atice,
Ricand, Robbing Roberts, Royce, Ru-s>ell, Scales, Searing,
I/enry M. Shaw, tickles, Spinner, Stanton, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Waibiidgf,
Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C.Washburn, Elhhu B.
Washbume, and Wo'od—S9.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CLAY stated that when his name was
called, he was engaged m one of the committees
of the House.
.Mr. SCALES stated that life colleague, Mr.
Ruffin, was detained from the House by sick-
fctness.
Mr. WORTENDYKE stated that Mr. Aiiratw
had been called home by sickness in bis family.
He had made that statement to the House last
week, but it failed to appear in the Globe.
The question then recurred on the motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I further mod-
ify my resolution by making it provide for two
days instead of three. Some gentlemen think that
two days will be enough; and i therefore will put
it Tuesday and Wednesday of next week.
Mr. MORGAN. My objection still applies.
The SPEAKER. So the Chair understands.
The question-was taken; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 105. nays 71; as follows:
YEAS — Mos<is. Ah 1, Anderson, Atkins. Avery, Barr,
Bishop, Bocock. IJovce, Biancil, Biyan. Burnett, Bums,
Cdruthers, John B. Ciaik, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Cockenll, Corning, Cox, Cni' in, James Ciaig, Ciawtoid,
Davidson, Davis ot Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dewatt,
Dowdcll, Edmuudsun, Elliott, EngliMi, Flounce, Foley,
i Foster, g amen, (ranrell, Gilhs, Goode, Gi ecu wood. Gregg,
Gioesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall. Hatch, Hawkins, Hodges,
Jfqpkms Hoiton. Hughes Ihuler, Jackson, Jenkins Jew-
ed, Geoijro W. Jones Owen Jones, Laurence, Leidy,
Maclay, MeKibbin. McUueen, McRae, Humphrey Mai shall,
Samuel S. Maishall, Muynaui, Miller, MilUon, Mooie, Nib-
ble,\. Nichols t'emlu ion, Pe\ ion, Joitn S. Phelps Wjfhuin
\V 1'lndps., Phillips, Powell. It/'ugan, Robert^. Bussell, San-
dulse. Savage.Scale*. Scott. Seaung, Sewaid, A.uon Shaw,
Henry M. Sliaw, Shorn l. Sickles. Singleton, Bobeu Smith,
S,uuu"l A. Smith, William Smith, Stall worth, Stephens,
J,ones A. Stewait, George Ta\los, Tha.wr, Valtandigham,
Vance, Watkms, White. Whiteh-v, * Win-dovv, Wood,
Woodson. Woriemhke, Augustus It. Wright, and Zollt-
eoffet -105.
NAVS—Messrs. Andrew?. 1?msrliam,Bli&s. Biayton.Buf-
fmton, ButlmtMnie, Cat-e, L/<ia (haik. C!a\v-on. n.uk B.
Oochiane. Coliav, L'oiniu^, Cii'tu, Davis ol' M.inland,
l)avisot'Ma^achiis-etts,Da\i.sot loua, Dawes. De«m,Dick,
Dodd. Duifee. Faniswouh. Kenton, Giddiou:^, Gilinan,Gd-
i mer, Goocli. 'Grander, Irani?, Haskm, Ho.od. Howaid,
! Keim, Ivellocs, Kekcv, Kilgoie Ivnapp, ],tMeh, TiCiter,
i Lo\ejoy, Mammon, Moigan," Moiriii, Ldwaid Joy Morns,
j Freeman H. Moi~e. Oliver A Mor.sc", Mott. Mnnay, Ohn,
i Ritlinei. 1'aikcj, rettst, ihk"-. Pottle, Uicaiul. Ritelue, Rob-
[ bins, Roj ce, Jnd-on \V. Siieiman, Stanton, William Stew-
; ait, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,
j Walioti. ('cidwaladei cJ. WatdilHiin, Jilhhu B. Washburue,
| Israel Washburn, and WiL-on—71.'
| So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
■ not having voted therefor:
j Pending the call of the toll,
i Mr. KEITT stated that he had paired off with
| Mr. Chaffee.
i Mr. BOCOCIC. I was out upon a special com-
; mittee when my name was called. 1 would like
to say that I very seldom miss a vote here. I
misse'd a vote once before this morning for the
same reason; and, as I shall be engaged on that
committee several days, it is probable that 1 may
miss others hereafter.
The SPEAKER. Under the practice of the
House, the gentleman is entitled to vote.
Mr. BOCOCK then voted as above recorded.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
