1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1627
vey of claim*, and to bo disbursed at the rates prescribed by
law for the different kinds of work, being the amount of sur-
vejinu liabilities incurred by the surveyor gener.il during
tho fiscal year ending the30th of June, 1837, over and above
that authorized under the appropriation of $50,000 for that
period, $'220,000."
Here is what the chairman of the Committee
on Finance said at the time:
"Mr. Hunter. When t spoke, that item escaped me.
That contract was not authorized by the Department; it
was made by the officer in California, and much of it ori-
ginated in a mistake. The work was piece-work. It turned
out to be more than was required; and he supposed there
was a larger bumatthe jjjsposal of the Department than
there was for that purpose, and he over-estimated. It is
true there was no authority for that; but then the author-
ity was exceeded through mistake by the officer; and, not-
withstanding that, as I understand it, the President refused
to reappoint him, because lie had thus exceeded his author-
ity. Ileie was an excess of authority, I admit; but it ori-
ginated in a mistake."
This gentleman was reappointed, and he is
holding a very lucrative office now in Utah. He
was taken from California and sent to Utah. I
find that the amount appropriated by the Govern-
ment for surveys in California, is $1,639,000.
Some twenty-four million acres have been sur-
veyed, and the Government has received $6,000
from the sales of public lands in California. If
this amendment prevails, and it is ascertained
hereafter that the claims are genuine, and the par-
ties have performed the work, they can come to
Congress next year and the claims can be paid.
When the >220,000 was appropriated, the Sena-
tor from California [Mr. Gwin] replied to the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] and said:
" Mr. Gwin. The Senator says there is nothing in the
paper- to indicate that the making of contracts to an amount
exceeding the appropnations is not now going on. I have
already toid the Senate that now there is no deficiency, that
there is no contract which it, permitted to exceed the appro-
pnations lor the present fiscal year."
Well, sir, the Senator from California was mis-
taken. Here is an appropriation of $60,000 asked
for. I hope the Senate will see the necessity of
correcting this abuse. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.GWIN. Whatistheamendment? Ishould
like to have it read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. KING. I move that the Senate take a re-
cess. I make the motion, not that I care very much
whether we have a recess or not, but to ascertain
whether we are to take one in order to get dinner.
I move that we take a recess until half past six
o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. I hope we shall not have a recess
until we get through with this amendment and the
bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. Let. us wait until half past
four.
Mr. KING. If we take a recess at all, this will
accommodate a large number of those who dme
at half past four.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 13, noes 20.
The yeas and nays being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Brodejrick, resulted—yeas 29, nays
19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Brodorick, Brown, Cameron, Ches-
nni, Claik, Clay, Clinsjman, Coliarner, Crittenden, Dixon,
Doohttlc, Feissenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hatlan, Houston,
Ilunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, King, Tearce,
Pugh, Scvvaid, Simmon*. Tiunihull, Wade, and Wilson—
29
XAYS—Me-srss. Ba\ard, Bigler, Bright, Fitch, Fitzpat-
riciv, Gieeu, Gwin, Ivers-on, Lane, Mallury, Mason, Polk,
Reid, Seba-jiian, Shield?, Stuait,Toombs, YVaid, and Yulee
— 19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I wish to offer an amendment to
the amendment which was reported by the Sena-
tor from Arkansas [Mr. Sebastian] and adopted.
It is an additional proviso, which I understand he
will agree to. It is to be added to the amendment
of the Senator from Arkansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from New York that the
amendment of the Senator from Arkansas has
been agreed to; but, when the bill comes into the
Senate, he can move his amendment.
Mr. KING. Very well.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I hope the proposition of
the Senator from New York will be allowed to
come in by common consent. It is all right. It i
is merely to quiet his apprehensions. i
Mr. KING. I understood the Senator accept- I
ed it, I
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Secretary will read the proviso sug-
guested by the Senator from New York.
The Secretary read it^s follows:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to apply to the New York Indians, or to affect their
rights under the treaty made by them m 1838, at Buffalo
Creek.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will accept it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas, the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, suggests that the amendment be
adopted by common consent. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the survey and construction of a military road from
Bridger's Pass to Great Salt Lake City, under the direction
of the Sccretaiy of War, $20,000.
This is recommended by the Secretary of War.
I ask that his letter may be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
War Department, February 2,1859.
Sir: In reply to your communication of the 20th January
last, inclosing a resolution of the House of Representatives
directing an inquiry into the expediency of constructing a
military road from Bridger's Pass to Great Salt Lake City,
and a bill making provision therefor, I have the honor to
state, that I am not aware of any facts developed, or any
route suggested, since the former action of your committee,
or by the expedition to Utah, which would now render an
appropriation for this object unnecessary. In my opinion,
the construction of this road is highly desirable, in Connec-
tion with the military operations of the Government. It may
be properly considered as merely a continuation, and the
one probably contemplated, of the military road from Fort
Riley to Bridger's Pass, opened by the War Department
under an appropiiauon by Congress.
Without this extension, the military road to Bridger's Pass
would be of little value, as it now terminates in an unset-
tled region, three hundred miles fiom the settlements of
Utah; aiid the militaiy necessities of the Government would
be best subserved by carrying this extension to Great Salt
Lake City.
For this purpose, the sum of $20,000 will be required;
and the committee can judge of the necessity for the appro-
priation.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD,
Secretary of IVar.
Hon. C.' J. Fautknrr, chairman Committee on Military
Jlffairs, House oj Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not put in
the bill these military roads. Surely we have
added enough to it already. This amendment
comes from no committee, as I understand it.
Mr. HARLAN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BELL. I think some forty or fifty thou-
sand dollars have been expended upon this road,
and the Secretary of War thinks it highly expe-
dient to continue it, stating very clearly that the
appropriation which has already been made was
sufficient to carry the road to Bridger's Pass; and
that if it stopped there, three hundred miles from
any settlement, all the expenditure and the work
done upon the portion of the road which is already
constructed, are, in a manner, useless. It is a
great emigrant route to the West, also, in addi-
tion to the advantages and necessities of having a
practical military road. I donotthink that$20,000
is a large sum for the object to be accomplished,
particularly when Congress has already made an
appropriation for the purpose of this road, i have
no sort of interest in it at all; but it does seem to
me, as we have made the road and expended
forty or fifty thousand dollars on it, and it now
terminates at a point where it can be of no use, or
scarcely any, and $20,000 will extend it through
into Salt Lake City, or in the neighborhood of
it, it would be highly expedient to finish the road.
If we had never appropriated anything to it, if
nothing had been expended upon it, I do not
know that I should favor it under present circum-
stances.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope this amendment
will be adopted. In my way across the country
I stopped at Salt Lake, and I was spoken to by
several merchants there who wished me to urge
this appropriation upon Congiess. They said it
would shorten the distance over two hundred
miles of the regular traveled route. I hope the
Senate will agree to the amendment. I think it a
very proper one.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, j
resulted—ayes 20, nays 26; as follows: j
YEAS —Messrs. Ceil, Broderick, Cameron, Chandler, j
Claik. Dixon, Doolittie, Foster. Gwin, Harlan, Houston, ■
King, Lane. Polk, Sebastian, Suward, Simmons, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—90, !'
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Chesnut, Clay, Cling-
man, Collamer, Fessenden, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Green,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, -Kennedy, Maliory, Mason, Pearce. Pugh, Held
Shields, Stuart, Toombs, Ward, ana Yuiee—-&6.
So the amendment w&s rejected. .
Mr. WARD, I wish to offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
That ihe Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
authorized and required to cause the superintending Indian
agent and his assistants, in Texas, to examine into and re-
portthe character and extent of losses sustained by citizens
of Texas, in consequence of Indian depredations, commit-
ted during the years 1856, 1857, and 1858, and report to the
Interior Department the result of such examination at as
early a day as practicable.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. WARD. I will merely remark that it ap-
propriates no money whatever. It is an investi-
gation that is indispensably necessary to ascertain
the true condition of those claims.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that the bill will now
be reported to the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Before the bill is reported
to the Senate, I wish to ask, what I think will be
allowed by unanimous consent, that I be per-
mitted to modify a certain amendment in relation
to the mail route to California. I see it is stated
in the amendment " 1860." I desire that it shall
be 1861. That modification is necessary, in or-
der to effect the purpose designed. I have drawn
the change, and, by common consent, I suppose
it can be adopted.
The Secretary read the modification, which was
to insert, instead of the words " for the year end-
ing June 30, 1860," the words, " from the expi-
ration of the existing contract to the 30th of June,
1861."
The amendment was so modified.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the vote be
taken on the amendments m gross? ["All to-
gether."]
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir. I want a separate
vote upon the amendment in relation to the issue
of Treasury notes to the amount of $20,000,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleasure
of the Senate to indicate the amendments upon
which they desire separate votes?
Mr. STUART. Let us take the question on
the remainder of the amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no other amend-
ment be excepted, the question will be on concur-
ring in the remainder of the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MALLORY. Is the bill still open to
amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon concurring in the amendments which have
been made, as in Committee of the Whole, with
the exception of the one alluded to by the Senator
from Now York.
Mr. POLK. In the absence of the Senator
from Georgia, I wish to except the claim of Gil-
bert & Gerrish.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator is under a mis-
apprehension; I am not absent; and that amend-
ment was not put upon the bill; it has tb be offered
agai n.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
was not inserted in the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to remind the Chair.
The Vice President was not in the chair'atthe
time that I gave way, when I offered an amend-
ment for the Florida interest claims, desiring to
take a vote when we came into the Senate. We
i are now in the Senate, and 1 desire to have a vote
on that amendment separately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be ex-
cepted.
" Mr. MALLORY. It is suggested that I can
offer the amendment again, after the bill is re-
ported to the Senate.
Mr. STUARTand Mr. HUNTER. Certainly
you can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first thing in
order is to vote upon the amendments made as ire
committee, and then other amendments will he
in order. The amendment in regard to Treasury
notes is excepted.
The remainder of the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were corcurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT The question is
