5m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
thus implicated. There is nothing ordinarily be-
fore fhe committee to show who are witnesses
for the prosecution and those who may for the
defense. Suggestions are made to the commit-
tee, and the committee orders all the witnesses
to a'ttend. They are ordered as witnesses before
the committee, with a view to develop the whole
case, and not merely to fasten a conviction or to
establish a defense. They are called, and should
be called, only for the purpose of examining into
and ascertaining the truth in the case, before the
committee shall bring it before the House.
Mr. GROW. Is it in order now to move to
substitute for the pending amendment the fol-
lowing i
Provided, That the fee? of tlie Sergeant-at-Arms be ad-
justed by the Committee of Accounts.
Mr. REAGAN. I would state to the House
that the amendment which the gentleman from
Indiana lias had read, does not meet my view at
all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was not aware of
the fact that the gentleman from Texas desired to
occupy the floor, and did not consider that he was
occupying it.
Mr. REAGAN. I merely yielded to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that ho might have liis amend-
ment reported, so that I might see if it covered
the ground I desire to occupy. I now say that it
does not cover that ground, and I therefore ask
for action on my amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, ef Missouri. I believe that all
these gentlemen are occupying the floor through
my courtesy.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so un-
derstand. The gentleman from Missouri did not
claim the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I was on the floor,
and stated that I should move the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
gentleman fiom Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have no objec-
tion to the amendment of the gentleman from
Texas, and am willing that it shall bo incorpor-
ated in the bill; but I think, for the reasons stated
by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, that
the. amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
should be rejected. I am willmg, however, that
betli the amendments should be received and
voted on; ami I now move the previous question.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to state the reason
why I offered the amendment. I think I can
show the House that the amendment is proper.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair desires to under-
stand where the gentleman from Indiana pro-
poses that his amendment should come in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will hear the
reasons of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mi\ SEWARD. 1 desire to know who has
the floor?
The >SPEAICER. The previous question is de-
manded; but the Chair is endeavoring to ascer-
tain where the amend incut of the gentleman from
Indiana is to come in.
Mr. HUGHES. I have the floor, I believe,by
permission of the gentleman from Missouri.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to ask
the gentleman from Indiana how he proposes to
offer his amendment—as a substitute for the
amendment of the gentleman from Texas ?
Mr. HUGHES. No, sir; as an additional
proviso.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman .from Mis-
souii demands the previous question.
Mr. HUGHES. He has withd rawn it to enable
me to explain my object in offering my amend-
ment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I withdraw it for
that purpose.
Mr. HUGHES. I will briefly state the reason
why I offer this amendment. When investigating
committees are raised by the order of tho House
for the purpose of making a preliminary inves-
tigation to ascertain whether or not chaiges ought
to be preferred against some pai ties, tiu .se parties
go before the committee, ana occupy more time,
and create more expense in anticipating charges, I
than the prosecution docs. I maintain that an
abuse is growing up here 111 the payment of ex-
penses incurred by parties who come before these
committees for the purpose of defending them-
selves. Let them wait until the preliminary in-
vestigation has taken place, until charges are pre-
ferred, ami they are arraigned at the bar of this
House; let them then have compulsory process to
compel the attendance of their witnesses, and then,
if it must be so, it will be time enough to pay
their expenses. Why, sir, the very first witness,
probably, who will present himself before one of
these committees will be a witness sent there by
the parties accused for the purpose of covering-up
the very abuses sought to be discovered,and the
House has to pay the expenses of such witnesses.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri. I think this matter
can all be arranged. The chairman of the commit-
tee conducting the investigation would not certify
an accountuiilcsshc believed that the amount was
justly due to the individual, nor would the com-
mittee sanction the summoning of improper wit-
nesses. I believe the House now understands tlie
matter, and I move the previous question.'
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if the amendment of the gentleman from Texas is
pending ?
. The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask the
gentleman to modify his amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate, unless the
previous question be withdrawn. I want to offer
an amendment myself.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I hope the
previous question will be voted down, for I desire
to ask the gentleman to modify his amendment.
Mr. PHILLI'PS. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to all debate.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
-Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not intend to debate.
The^SPEAKER. No suggestion is m order if
it is objected to; and the gentleman from Georgia
objects, as the previous question has been de-
manded;
Mr. SEWARD. I do, because I wanted the
floor myself, and the Speaker gave his ear to other
gentlemen, who have occupied it alternately ever
since. ■
Mr. PHILLIPS. I merely want the gentle-
man from Indiana to modify his amendment, so
that it will accomplish what he desires.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to any debate, unless
I can have a chance myself.
The previous question was seconded; and tho
main question ordered to be put.
The [louse divided; and theie were—ayes 38,
noes 104.
Mr. HUGHES called for the yeas and nays.
Tho yeas and nays were not ordered.
So tho amendment to tho amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the consent of the House
to modify my amendment, so that it will read as
follows:
Pioviilai, Tlial hereafter no lyiorc than ten cuus L-Iiall be
pnnl to iIk; otiiori summoning tho witnesses lor each liute
neee^auly actually traveled.
Mr. SEWARD. I renew my objection, unless
the previous question is withdrawn altogether.
Mr. REAGAN. Is it in order to move to sus-
pend the rules, so as to enable me to make that
modification ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
House is actingunder the previous question.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and lead a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri, called for the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
1 sider tho vote by which the hill was ordered to be
! engrossed and read a third time, for the purpose
J of giving the gentleman from Texas an opportu-
; nity to modify his amendment.
I Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I think the amend-
ment adopted is substantially the same as that
which the gentleman from Texas wishes to offer.
Mr. SIC WARD. I object to debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is not debate in
| order upon a motion to reconsider?
The .SPE'ilvEll. Not with a demand for the
previous question pending.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The motion to
reconsider goes behind the demand for the pre-
vious question, and is debatable, as I under-
stand it.
The SPEAKER. It is the constant and uni-
form practice of tho House, as the gentleman from
Tennessee is very well aware, not to consider
any debate to be in order upon a motion to recon-
sider when a demand is pending for the previous
question. ' ,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I know that has
been the practice, but 1 am equally sure that it
has been wrongly so held.
The SPEAKER. The House has always ac-
quiesced in the practice.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered upon the passage of the
bill.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
Tlie latter motion was agreed- to.
COMM.ITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. SEWARD called for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Seward, and
Davis of Maryland, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 75, noes 51.
So tho motion was agreed to.
The rules were therefore suspended; and tho
House accordingly resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Burnett in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question pending
to be upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] to strike out the en-
tire clause making appropriations for the salaries
of ministers abroad, and to insert as follows :
For salaries of envov-? extraordinary, mm wtf*rs, and cotn-
mibMnnois of the United State?, to Great Britain, France,
llus&ia, Spain, Mexico, China, and Paiaguay.
Which amendment was, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrawn.
The question then recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Crawford, to strike out the whole para-
graph, as follows:
"For salaries of envoys extraordinary, ministers, and com-
missioners of tise United States at Gt'eat Briiam, France,
Ruoiia. Prussia, Spain, Austria, Brazil, Mexico, China,
Chili. Feinj Fcsia, Portugal, Swiuoiland, Rome, Naples,
Saiduua, Belgium, Holland. Denmark, Sweden, Turkey,
Buenos Ay res New Granada', Bolivia, FiCuador, Venezuela,
Guatemala, Nicaragua,Sandwich Island^ Co.sta Rica, Hon-
thuds Aigi mine Contedciation, and Paraguay, &2U,00Q."
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri. There was a mo-
tion pending when this subject was last under
consideration in committee. That motion is not
yet disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. LOVEJOY. IIow many ministers does
that propose to leave ?
Tho CHAIRMAN. None.
Mr. CRAWFORD. None are left. I offered
that amendment for the purpose of getting the
| bill into the House, where we c.an have the oppor-
; tumty of getting a vote by yeas and nays on the
! proposition. It is not my purpose to deprivo
i those officers of tho amount that will be neces-
sary to pay them their annual compensation ass
provided for in the act of 1856, which provides
that those embassadors and envoys* when ap-
pointed , shall be entitled to compensation for their
sen ices, respectively, at the rate per annum therein
specified. This section of the bill provides only
for the amount which is due to these officers under
the law of 1858. I made the motion to strike out
with a view of seeing whether or not it is the
pmposc of the House to comply with the law of
1856, or to refuse to make appropriations for the
payment of the officers appointed by the Presi-
dent.
Mr. CTTRRY. I would like to ask the gentle-
man whether appropriations have not already
been made for their support up to the close of this
fiscal year?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I answer the gentleman
that appropriations have been made for the pres-
ent fiscal year. The President has the right, first
