im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ojq eqnci^rriiig in the amendment in regard to
Treasury notes,
Mr. SEWARD. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move that the Senate take
a recess, tin til hajf past six o'clock.
Several Senators. Oh, no; let us finish the
biil.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. Before the vote is taken
upon the Treasury note amendment, I desire to
make some remarks, and I have an amendment
which I wish to offer to the amendment of the
Committee on Finance. I thought it would be
more convenient to the Senate to take a recess
now. I offered an amendment to this Treasury
note amendment in Committee of the Whole,
which failed. I understand that it is now in or-
der for me to submit it in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment to
the amendment is in order.
■Mr. SIMMONS. I w^nt to make some ob-
servations upon the question of Treasury notes.
I knoiv it is in order to offer an amendment to it;
but there is.something, I think, due to the Senate
in reference to putting in- this bill a Treasury
note bill for $20,000,000; a thing that hasnotbeen
estimated for by any Department of the Govern-
ment; an amendment that has n<?t been asked for
in any document that I have seen sent to the Sen-
ate; not estimated for in the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and I do not know upon
whose authority it is proposed here. There is
no estimate for it; and even the interest upon the
Treasury notes-is not estimated, nor the interest
upon the loan negotiated last month. I under-
stand that the Senator from Virginia, who is the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, insists
upon keeping the appropriations to the estimates.
1 should like to know where is his estimate for
making such an appropriation as this? It seems
to me, Mr. President, that this thing has been
kept entirely out of sight until the last two days
of the session, and purposely concealed from the
observation of the public, as well as of Congress.
I do not like to have it passed without some
amendment to it.
Mr. BELL. I think there is too much disor-
der in the Chamber. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to ask members not to converse
so loud. The disorder in the Hall is ouch that
no gentleman ran hear.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has re-
peatedly attempted to preserve order, and findsit
more and more difficult as the session draws to
a close. Will the Senator from Tennessee be good
enough to restate his motion?
Mr. BELL. I merely meant to make a sug-
gestion, which I hone will be well received, that
there was so much disorder thatl could not hear
the Senator, sitting at such a short distance from
him as I do, and I wished to call the attention of
the Chair to the great disorder in the hall.
Mr. CAMERON. It is evident that we can do
no business before dinner, and 1 renew the mo-
tion to take a recess for two hours.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the Senate take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not take a
recess. Let us finish this bill.
The motion was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 14, noes 30.
Mr. SIMMONS. To facilitate business, I will
send the amendment which I wish to offer to the
the desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pause a moment. If the Chair is sustained by
the Senate, he will attempt to protect every Sena-
tor on the floor. The voice of the Senator from
Rhode Island is perfectly inaudible in the almost
general confusion that reigns through the Cham*
ber. Senators, therefore, are respectfully request-
ed to preserve order, and the Chair will cause
every Senator to pause in his remarks until order
is produced.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator does not move
further or talk louder, those of us over here will
not hear a word he says, unless other Senators
cease to talk.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will stand anywhere, or
stop, if it is not the pleasure of the Senate that I
should go on. I would not say a word upon this
subject, if I thought it was consistent with what
I believe to be my duty. I have drawn this
amendment, and I propose it in two sections. I
offer the first section first, which provides asimple
proposition to prevent i^der-valuation:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That to prevent under-
valuations, it shall hereafter be the duty of the several col-
lectors, or other officers charged with the duty of collecting
the revenue from imported merchrndise, in all cases when
the same is practicable, under regulations prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, to take the amount of duties
chargeable upon any imported merchandise in th,e article
itself, according to the proportion or rate per centum on
said article; that is to say, if by law there is imposed a duty
of fifteen per centum, there shall he taken fifteen from
every one hundred of such importation, and in that propor-
tion for a larger or smaller quantity, and in like manner for
all other rates of duty; and iti all cases where goods shall
be taken under any provision of law, they shall be sold in
the manner now provided by law, unless otherwise directed
by law or by instructions trom the Treasury Department,
made in pursuance of law.
I offer that section now, and wish to get a vote
on it before I offer the other one, which is:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the person or persons authorized by law to make
entry of imported merchandise, to accompany the entry
with such invoice and other proof of cost as is now required
by law, and in addition thereto, to furnish an invoice veri-
fied by the oath or affirmation of the party makings the
entry, setting forth the true quantity of the merchandise en-
tered ; and also that the. portion or packages selected for
examination by the appraisers contain true and fair samples
of the entire importation, which invoice shall also set forth
the valuation put upon the merchandise imported orentered
by the party making the entry; and the collector or other
officer shall have the right, and it is hereby made his duty,
to determine, as he may judge best for the interest of the
Government of the United States, either to retain the pro-
portion of the merchandise taken for duties or to dc'ivcr the
same to the party who made entry of the merchandise, and
m lieu thereof to levy and assess the duty upon the whole
amount of the merchandise as valued by the party making
the entiy, or he may take the entire amount of the mer-
chandise entered at the valuation put upon the same bythe
party making the entry, and after deducting from the gross
sum the rate per centum imposed thereon for duties, he
shall pay over the residue to the party who made entry of
such motcliandise. with an addition of ten per centum
thereon ; and in all cases, when it shall be judged to he for
the interest of the Government, to retain the merchandise
taken for duties, or to take the remainder of the importa-
tion, it shall be the duty of the collector or other oflicer, to
make sale of the same in the manner now provided by law,
m eases wheie goods may be taken for duties, upon suspi-
cion of uiider-valuation. These provisions shall take effect
from and after the 1st of April next, upon all merchandise
imported from places this side the Cape of Good (lope and
Cape Horn, ami from and after the 1st of July next, upon
all merchandise imported fiom places beyond the said capes.
I undertook to state, yesterday, that this is the
provision of the existing law. There is now an
option either to take these duties m kind, or to
take them in the valuation. 1 desire to have no
discretion, on the part of the collectors, at all, but
to have them uniform, to take them in the article
itself, and dispose of them as the law nowrequires.
That cannot be said to be subject to any possible
exception, as to changing or raising duties, or
raising revenue. I agree, and I always like to be
acquainted with these things, that I believe the
under-valuations amount to at least §50,000,000
per annum, and that there is an average rate of
duty of sixteen per cent, on them; and that, if
we were to stop under-valuation, wo would get
$8,000,000 more of revenue per annum. That I
agree tn; but it does not follow that it is not our
duty, either in the Senate or anywhere else, to
stop frauds. I can conceive of no motive which
should induce any one to try to prevent the stop-
ping of these frauds. They are the most mis-
chievous, as to the American merchants who im-
port, and import honestly and fairly; and they
are the most mischievous as to the industry of the
country; for when these foreign manufacturers,
jvith their agents in the city of New York, value
goods, they do it at what the raw material and the
labor costs, and without any reference to the cap-
ital employed in machinery. Each one for him-
self believes that he has got a better arrangement
than his neighbor, and will undersell him in the
market; and they are continually pressinggoods
on the market, upon the idea of underselling their
neighbors, and the market is continually over-
stocked; whereas, if they had to pay duties uni-
formly, there would be no such revulsions as now
happen to trade.
I will state further, that I make this proposition
for the benefit it will be to producers of American
articles,agriculturists, mechanics, manufacturers,
in short, every body that produces anything for the
sustenance and the comfort of man. That is my
great object. I think more of that than I do o?
revenue, much as I would like to see the revenue
| improved. I would say further, it is my delib-
erate judgment thatit is the best method in which
to have this Treasury note bill passed. I think
the country expects that, before we make further
loans to carry on this Government in time of
p^ace, we shall do something toward fixing our
laws to collect revenue enough for the wants of
the Government economically administered; and
it would disappoint the country if the Senate and
the House were to continue in session three months
without any allusion to providing more means for
conducting the Government, until within the last
two days, a measure is sprung upon us that
looks to nothing but getting*money, and that by
hiring.
When the Treasury loan bill was passed last
year, it was said to be a temporary-measure; that
it was doubtful if it would be wanted; the revenue
was going to be sufficient, in al' human probabil-
ity,after a little time; but we had to make a per-
manent loan of $20,000,000; and then, when an-
other year goes round, we have to renew these
notes under the delusion, according to the state-
ment from the chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee, which he labored for two hours to show, that
this present tariff law would collect reve nue enough
for the wants of the Government. In that speech
he made no allusion to these Treasury notes that
I recollect. It is some time ago, to be sure, since
he delivered it; but I have heard nobody make an
allusion in this Chamber to making provision for
meeting the public engagements until yester-
day.
Now, it is said it is too late to amend it. Who
is responsible for the means to carry on this Gov-
ernment? Is it the minority or the majority? I
hold that it is due to the minority in any deliber-
ative body to give them a fair opportunity to pro-
pose amendments, and canvass the propositions
that are made to carry or. a free Government in
a free country. I do not believe it is right, and
I do not believe it is proper, that measures of this
importance should be suspended until this omni-
bus bill comes in, which is always at the end of
the session when no one has a chance to do any-
thing or make any suggestion for the benefit of
the country. Nothing could be more painful to
me than to have to address the Senate at such an
hour as this upon so important a proposition. I
would yesterday have explained this measure
fully, if I had not been embarrassed by the ques-
tion^of order. That has now been disposed of,
and I suppose it will nut be laised again.
It is somewhat embarrassing to speak to un-
willing ears. There have been all sorts of objec-
tions raised against this plan of collecting rev-
enue. It is said that it compounds the duties,
that it is like taking discount instead of interest,
and all sorts of objections are made to it. Now,
I know the reason, at least I think I do, why
people so misapprehend the effect of such a pro-
vision. There is a prevailing notion that every-
thing that is imported must pay the cost of im-
portation and all the expenses of duties that you
impose upon it. Nothing is more fallacious; but
if that were the case, as we are situated, we have
either got to contrive some method to get more
out of those rates, or to raise the rates them-
selves. Everybody who has examined this sub-
ject will agree to that.
There is a great mistake as to what was
imported, or at least, as to what was consumed
last year. The Senator from Virginia stated
that we got $42,000,000 upon an importation of
$242,000,000. Now, 1 went to the warehouse tables
in the Secretary's report, and took the monthly
statement of goods entered for consumption, and
laid by for reduction, as well as those that came
in, and those entered from ship, and from ware-
house for consumption, and it was §291,000,000,
upon which we collected $41,000,000 and some
hundred thousand. If the Senator from Virginia
had taken that course, he would not have in-
jured his reputation by saying that we collected
$41,000,000 on $242,000,000.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will give way,
I will agree to a recess for two hours.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, I will do it, and I
will agree to abridge my speech twenty-five min-
utes for that proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well, sir; I move that
the Senate take a recess for two hours.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon, at
five minutes to five o'clock, the Senate took a re-
cess for two hours.
