1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1629
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock.
' MILITARY COMMITTEE CLERK.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is a Senate resolution
which has been lying on the table for some time,
that I wish to call up and have passed.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall go on with
the appropriation bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will yield, if it does not
take any time.
Mr. HUNTER. If it gives rise to debate, will
the Senator from Minnesota agree to let it lie
over ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves to take up the following reso-
lution submitted by the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Ivekson] a few days since.
Resolved, That the annual compensation of the clerk to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia shall
hereafter be the same as that of the cterk of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. I would rather that we should
not act upon that resolution just yet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
object :o the consideration of the resolution?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir.
Mr. PUGH. There is no more reason for in-
creasing the salary of that clerk than the rest of
the clerks to committees.
Mr. HUNTER. If this should be agreed to,
we will have to put them all on that footing. I
would rather that it should lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Senator
from Rhode Island is entitled to the floor.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ai.len, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the re-
port of Hie committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 712) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending the 30th June, 1860.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 893) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,1860.
TOWN SITES IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. JONES. I ask leave of the Senate to take
up the bill (S. No. 601) to legalize certain entries
of town sites in Nebraska. It is exactly in the
form in which such bills are usually passed. The
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands has
a communication from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, who recommends it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
601) to legalize certain informal entries of town
sites in the Territory of Nebraska was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It directs that in all cases, in the Territory of
Nebraska, in which town-site entries have been
made under the provisions of the municipal pre-
emption act of 23d May, 1844, in the name of
the mayor, trustees, or county commissioners,
instead of the judge of the county court or cor-
porate authorities, the same shall be confirmed and
regarded in law and equity as made and held " in
trust for the several use and benefit of the occu-
pants thereof, according to their respective inter-
ests," and subject in all other respects to the con-
ditions of the act of 23d May, 1844; but the con-
firmatory provisions of this act shall only extend
to and embrace such entries as are regular and
lawful in all other respects under the provisions
of the act of 1844.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No.
712) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June, I860; and it
was signed by the Vice President.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now call for the appropria-
tion bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 713) making appropnatisns for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1860, is before the Senate; and
the Senator from Rhode Island is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SIMMONS. When I gave way for a re-
cess, I was endeavoring to explain the operation
of this proposition of mine. I said that I made
no change in the provisions of the existing law,
that I merely required the collectors to pursue a
uniform course in the execution of the law. I do
this in order to avoid favoritism among different
classes of imports. As the law now stands, they
can take the duties precisely in the form I pro-
pose, if they suspect the goods to be under-valued.
I do not know how much it would cost to remove
such a suspicion; but one thing I do know, if
there is anything in the estimates and tables,
that the trade of the United States, for the five
years preceding the passage of this tariff, by the
price paid for the exports and the price paid for
the imports, without anything for the earnings of
freight, there was a balance of $8,000,000 a year
in favor of the United States. The freight could
not have been less than ยง20,000,000 in a year; and
it is as notorious as anything of history, that,
when we had to get forty or fifty million dollars,
notwithstanding that was in our favor, there was
no other way under heaven to account for it, but
that the goods cost more than they were entered
for.
It has been said, as I remarked before dinner,
that this proposition would compound duties; that
it was taking off a discount instead of adding the
interest. If it were so, it would not be a serious
objection; for, although I believe there is an u'n-
der-valuation of $50,000,000 a year, in our ordi-
nary importations, and that our present rates of
duty are but sixteen per cent., which would give
us a duty of $,8,000,000 over and above what we
shall get in the other mode, in the mode now
practiced, yet 1 do not believe that will pay our
expenses, and we shall have to increase the rates.
Nor do 1 believe any Senator who has traveled
with us through the last fortnight, and witnessed
our endeavors to retrench, can form any other
judgment. You cannot retrench a dollar on an
officeholder of this Government. You may refuse
to erect buildings where you do get about dollar
for dollar in value; but as to cutting off salaries or
patronage in any form, it is hopeless. The Sen-
ate came here with the utmost zeal in the morn-
ing, upon a bill with a 'recommendation of the
Finance Committee to cut down $150,000 on a
particular branch of service, and before night the
chairman will get up and move to raise it him-
self. I have known it within a week. You can-
not touch the expenses, Mr. President. In fact
I have no disposition myself to injure the public
service by any attempt at this moderate sort of
economy. I thought that under the Post Office
bill we should have accomplished something; but
the result of it has been an entire failure.
I ask the Senator from Virginia, upon what
basis he predicates his estimate that we can im-
port $360,000,000 a year. For the five years pre-
ceding this revulsion, which were five of the most
prosperous years in the history of this country,
we exported an average of $228,000,000, of our
domestic productions, exclusive of specie, and
$48,000,000 of coin, making $276,000,000; and
our imports during those five years averaged
$268,000,000. There was, as I have stated, a
balance of $8,000,000 in our favor. We expirted
$8,000,000 over what we imported, and that ac-
counts for this under-valuation; but does the Sen-
ator suppose that we can increase the annual
average of the last five years before the revulsion ?
We had then a very high price for all the great
productions of our country. Breadstuff's were
wanted all over Europe. How are we now? Of
the great articles of consumption in the line of
food, of which we are said, by the tables, to pro-
duce $2,000,000,000 annually, during the last year
we exported but $40,000,000. What is to become
of the rest of it, if you do not take care of your
own industry and your own market.' You can-
not send your wheat nor your grain anywhere to
any advantage. I agree that you may sell some
to the West Indies and to Euiope, but consider-
ing the distance, and the uncertainty, the market
affords no encouragement for the culture of cereals,
or none of any consequence. I agree that we
shall do something; but we exported, as I am
told, between forty and forty-five millions of those
articles in the last year. I have watched the price
of such products for fifty-five years, and I never
knew the exportation of breadstuff's and flour so
low in my life but once, and that way'the time of
the embargo in 1807, when all the markets were
cut off. We know we have a large cotton pro-
duction, and this year, the largest crop for smny
years. It brings a generous price; in which I am
as much gratified as those who cultivate it; but
cotton and tobacco are about the only substantial
reliable articles.
Two hundred and twenty-eight millions, as I
said before, is the average of our exports, and,
with the specie, $48,000,000, which is about what
we produce annually, makes $276,000,000. I
should like to ask the Senator from Virginia if
he supposes that we shall, within the next three
or four years, exceed $300,000,000 of our own
produce. We add on what we import and re-
ship to swell op the export account. What does
that mean? It is-none of our production; it is
the mere transit of this country going to Mex-
ico. It costs us all we get for it. It brought m
$1,000,000, and carried out $1,000,000. All we
get is the freight. It does not do to predicate im-
ports upon such transactions, because we get no
credit for them. Our credit is crippled. Our in-
debtedness in Europe is at least $500,000,000;
and it will cost $30,000,000 annually from our
exports for the interest, and that must be de-
ducted from oilr importations, unless we get in
debt for it. So that, I say deliberately, I have no
expectation of seeing the importations consumed
in this country exceed $300,000,000 upon an av-
erage for the next five years; and I doubt i.f ihcy
will come up to that. The average rate of duty
collected last year upon the consumption, includ-
ing the $10,000,000 collected from goods in ware-
house, was only fourteen per cent. There wasa
larger importation of goods under a high state of
schedule than we could expect on the average,
because we got in sixteen months' importations
for twelve months' consumption. They entered
none after this tariff was passed, until the reduc-
tion took place,as any one would suppose. They
put into warehouse $47,000,000 in thr'ee months,
and let them lie there until the duties were re-
duced. That was right. "Anybody would ex-
pect to do that; but they paid thirty per cent.,
and only paid, on the average, fourteen and four
tenths per cent. They generally go from thirteen
to fifteen, varying with the demand for that de-
scription of article. Well, for that $300,000,000,
we would get perhaps forty-five million dollars,
as we now collect the duties. I agree, that if we
send out $300,000,000 and get a fair valuation, it
ought to return us, say, three hundred and forty
million dollars, and if charged at the custom-
house, the earnings of freights would be, per-
haps, three hundred and fifty million dollars,and
I propose to get it.
It is said, as I previously remarked, that this
proposition is compounding the duty. Now, I
wish to make one suggestion about that. If it
was, we need it. But it depends altogether upon
whether the goods are worth more after they pass
the custom-house than they are in a foreign coun-
try. Now, no one will pretend to say to me it
makes any kind of difference, excepting in the
change of value, whether you take five per cent,
from $100, or five per cent, on $100. Suppose
we were importing coin, gold dollars of the Amer-
ican stamp, and charged five per cent, upon them,
and a man brought in $100, and entered them at
the custom-house: under our present mode, the
man would have to take five dollars out of his
pocket and pay the collector, and then he would
pass his $100 through. How much would he have?
He would have $100. Now, suppose we stop it
before it passes, and take the five dollars out of
the $100, and leave his five dollars in his pocket,
and he passed ninety-five dollars; would he not
have $100 after it passed through? Is it not a
plain case? But they say it is more to take five
dollars out of the $100, and then let itpass through,
i than it would be for him to take five dollars out
I of his pocket for passing the $100 through. I can-
j not see the difference. If it is worth more after it
I gets by the custom-house, 1 agree that we get the
rise in the market; if it is worth less, we get less.
As I stated about the India goods, the whole In-
dia trade lost forty per cent, in 1857; and if wc
had taken our duties in kind we should have lost
it, and ought to have lost it. The men liadu haid
