550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Now, a word in reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] He spolce
of the necessity of creating by law a mission to
Nicaragua. • I concur in every word that the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall} has
said on this point. It requires no law to create
-a mission. If I am not mistaken, the mission to
jOhina was instituted by President Tyler without
the authority of law; and we all see the import-
ant results that have flowed from it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It was rec-
ognised by law afterwards.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Certainly. The
gentleman from Kentucky is right in saying that
the appointing power is with the President, and
that he may exercise it even without consulting
the Senate. The Senate may refuse to ratify the
appointment, but the appointing power is there.
Mr. BOCOCK. The words of the Constitution
are, that the President shall " nominate, and, by
and with the consent of the Senate, appoint."
He cannot appoint without the consent of the
Senate. The language of the Constitution is ex-
press on that subject.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I suppose the
President would not make a nomination, unless
he supposed the Senate would confirm it. But I
take it for granted the President would not hesi-
tate to nominate, and, if the Senate were not in
session, send out a commissioner, if the public
exigencies required it, leaving to the Senate to
confirm his action afterwards.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, called for tellers on
his amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Peytoh were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 63, noes 61.
So the amendment of Mr. Sherman, of Ohio,
was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I move to in-
crease the appropriation &],000.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 'What is the state of the
question now? What effect had the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio on my amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is upon
the "amendment as amended; and the Chair does
not think that any further amendment would bo
in order at this time.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say to the com-
mittee that, as the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio has been sustained by the committee,
and as it affects the very same object that I had
in view, which was to pass this particular section
of the bill, 1 shall not insist on my amendment,
but will withdraw it.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. I object to its being
withdrawn.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I call for the ques-
tion on the amendment as amended.
Mr.CURRY. I desire to ask the Chair whether
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio was
offered as an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia?
The CHAIRMAN. That was the understand-
ing of the Chair.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Georgia
moved to strike out the whole section. The gen-
tleman from Ohio had a right to perfect whatwas
proposed to be stricken out. It was not an amend-
ment to the amendment, but an amendment to the
original text, before the vote was taken on striking
out.
Mr. CURRY. Then, to carry out the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, which has been
adopted by the committee, it is necessary that
we should adopt the amendment of thegentleman
from Georgia.
Mr. GROW. No, sir; it is not.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia was absorbed in the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio. The
question now is on striking out and inserting.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, I am content with the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, which has been adopted.
That accomplishes the purpose I had in view.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman would re-
quire unanimous consent to withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I object; and ask
for the question on the amendment as amended.
Mr. GARNETT. I risa to a question of oider.
As I understand it, the question now before the
committee is on the amendment as amended. I
wish to inquire of the Chair what it is that will
be stricken out if we agree to the amendment as
amended ? Is it the clause as it stands in the bill
as reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
or that clause as amended by the votes of the
committee the other day ? '
The CHAIRMAN. The pending proposition
is to strike out the whole clause, and insert the
proposition as offered by the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. GARNETT. Precisely; but what is the
whole clause that will be stricken out? Is it the
whole clause, as it stood originally in the bill re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
or is it that clause as amended by the Committee
of the Whole the other day?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the proposition to be to strike out the whole clause,
and insert.
Mr. GARNETT. Then the point of order I
wish to raise is this; if the committee adopt this
amendment as amended, the consequence will be
that when we go into the House, we shall not be
able to get separate votes on the motions to strike
out Persia, Rome, and other places which were
stricken out by the committee the other day. The
only question before the House will be on striking
out the whole clause, and inserting the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio. I therefore hope
that, if the committee meant anything practical
by the votes of the other day, they will vote down
the motion to strike out and insert.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not un-
derstand the gentleman from Virginia as having
made any point of order.
Mr. GROW. 1 will raise a question of order, in
order that I may understand how this question
stands. The gentleman from Georgia, as I un-
derstand it, made a motion to strike out the whole
section. The rule gives each member a right to
perfect what is proposed to be stricken out before
the vote is taken on striking out. I understand
the gentleman from Ohio to propose to perfect
what the gentleman from Georgia proposed to
strike out. If so, then the question as it stands
now on the motion of the gentleman from Geor-
gia is, whether we will strike out the section, as
perfected by the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio. If the Chair decides that the gentleman
from Ohio could not perfect what the gentleman
from Georgia proposed to strike out, I shall take
an appeal from his decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
■ Mr. GROW. Does the Chair decide that the
gentleman from Ohio could not perfuctthe section
proposed to be stricken out by the gentleman from
Georgia ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair deeides that
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio was in
order. The gentleman from Georgia having first
made a motion to strike out the entire section, the
gentleman from Ohio proposes to amend that prop-
osition so as to strike out and insert.
Mr. GROW. That is as I understand the
matter.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not understand this
question, and I know that there are a great many
other gentlemen who do not. The proposition of
my colleague has been adopted by the committee,
and then the gentleman fromGeorgiarises and asks
leave of the committee to withdraw las amend-
ment. Now, the proposition of my colleague was
an amendment to the amendment proposed by the
'gentleman from Georgia; and if that is withdrawn,
then the proposition of my colleague falls with it,
and that is the end of the question.
TheCHAIRMAN. That would have been the
case if the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia had been withdrawn, but objection was
made to its withdrawal.
Mr. NICHOLS. Then it has not been with-
drawn5
The CHAIRMAN. It has not.
Mr. NICHOLS. Veryweil. Now we can un-
derstand the question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Wasnottheprop-^
osition of the gentleman from Georgia to strike
out the whole clause ?
The CHAIRMAN. It was.
Mr. JONES, of Tennssses. Then the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] had the right to
propose to perfect that clause before the question
was taken on the proposition of the gentleman
from Georgia. It was not an amendment to his
amendment, but it was to put that clause in a more
acceptable form to the House before the question
w,as taken on striking it out. Then, as the com-
mittee has the power to amend the proposition
before the vote is taken on strikingout, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio to strike out a
part of it has nothing at all to do with the prop-
osition of the gentlemanfrom Georgia; and, if the.
gentleman from Georgia has leave to withdraw
his motion to strike out the whole clause, the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio does not
fall with it as an amendment to an amendment,
but will be reported to the House. The point I
make«is, that there is no connection whatever be-
tween the propositions of the gentleman from
Ohio and the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That is my understand-
ing, and I am ready to withdraw my motion and
vote for the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
if the committee will permit.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I understand
the original text here has been amendefl.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The original paragraph,
from line eight, to line sixteen, has been perfected
by the gentleman frora Ohio.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I under-
stand that the other day the original text was
amended by strikingout "Persia, "and by striking
out" Rome." I understand, then, the gentleman
from Georgia made his motion to strike out all the
original text, and now I understand the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio is offered as an
amendment to the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Georgia.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ken-
tucky will pardon the Chair for a moment. The
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio was to
strike out all that remains of this paragraph, except
those Powers which he mentioned specifically,
and that does not, in the judgment of the Chair,
conflict with the action heretofore taken by the
committee.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. That is
exactly the point upon which I desired informa-
tion. If we shall vote affirmatively upon the
proposition as amended, and adopt it, when we
shall go into the House the vote will be upon that
proposition as it stands; and if it is voted down
the original text will be restored as it came from
the Committee of Ways and Means; and there-
fore I say that by voting in the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio the committee virtually com-
mits itself to make appiopnations for paying the
salaries of all the ministers reported by the Com-
mittee ofWays and Means.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. It seems to me
that is a very simple proposition. The Chair will
report the original bill back to the House, and
will also report the amendments as made by this
committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will report
back the original matter, and then will report the
amendments made by the committee.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I think the
gentleman from Ohio is mistaken as to what the
Chair will report.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I ask the Chair if
I have not stated u correctly ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will answer
the gentleman's question according to the under-
standing of the Chair. The committee have,
heretofore, stricken out a portion of this section,
and the question is now upon the remaining por-
tion. The gentleman from Georgia moves to
strike otu all that is left standing of the original
paragraph. The gentleman from Ohio moves to
amend that proposition of the gentleman from
Georgia, by inserting the Powers which he spe-
cifically names in his amendment. The commit-
tee have both propositions. The committee
adopted the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, and the question now recurs on the prop-
osition as amended; that is, will the committee
strike out what was left standing in the original
paragraph, and insert what is proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia. I understand
the object of my colleague [Mr. Crawford] to
be to obtain a direct vote upon the whole para-
graph, by moving to strike it all out. If we vote
