1632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
invariable rule. I wish he would state it, for he
can do it bettor than I can, and 1 will close my
speech. Will the Senator be so kind as to state
his practice when he was collector, of taking
duties in kind, and what was the result?
Mr. MALLORY. I am very much afraid my
friend will cali out speeches in this way.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have done, if you will
state it.
Mr. MALLORY. I will state the fact, as my
attention is called to it, that, in the administration
of the tariff, I always found that any article of
small bulk and great value was habitually under-
valued. 1 instanced the article of cigars; which,
in my district, were imported at four dollais a
thousand; and when the dunes were taken in
kind, they sold, within half an hour, at forty dol-
lars.
Mr. CLINGM AN. ft is too late in the session
for gentlemen in engage in general discussions on
the tariff, or I might be disposed to controvert what
the Senator has been saying on several points. I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to this par-
ticular proposition. It is altogether different from
the proposition offered yesterday; and, 1 admit,
less objectionable. That was a monstrous prop-
osition. It ought to have been called u proposi-
tion to prevent importations of foreign goods into
the (Tinted States. It authorized every collector
to take the whole of the goods, without any sus-
picion or charge of fraud, and Sell them, if car-
ried out, no merchant would have imported goods
to be sacrificed in that way. The tariff of" 1828
and the tariff of 184*2 were free-truth: measures
compared with the pioposition presented yester-
day.
The present one, however, simply provides,
as fur I understand it, that in ail instances
wheie goods are brought into this country, the
collector may take a percentage equal to the.
amount of duty. It is liable to the objection, in
the first place, referred to by the Senator from
Virginia, that it substitutes home-valuation. A
cargo of goodwill New Voile,bocausoof the freight
paid, I think is worth more than the same cargp
in a foreign country. Hence, when a thousand
tons of iron are imported, if the collector takes
twenty-four of those tons, he gets the benefit of
thi homo-vahmtion, und there will be an increase
of duty equal to iwenty-five per cent.
There is, however, a second objection. The
gentleman says that his purpose is to have these
goods taken in this way in ali cases. It will
double the expenditures of collecting the revenue,
if we carry it out in that way These oliicei s will
have to take the goods; they will be obliged to
sell them at auction, and you will lnive vastly to
increase the existing force.
It is also liable to a third objection. Py throw-
ing fifty or sixty millions of goody, the whole
amount of duty the Government collects, into
market, and selling them at auction, what effect
is that going to have upon the pncos? How are
rmuiufactuiei'3 and tiaders, generally, to be af-
fected? Tins is all I desire to say with reference
to the proposition now presented.
Mr. U A MM ON D. I have but a word to say.
I said to the Senator fiom Rhode Island that no-
body understood his propositions, and that I did
not mvweSf. Perhaps I went tno far; and ns he
has ref< ried to it again, I will say that I under-
stand his propositions thoroughly. He proposes
a tariff in di.sguise; a high protective dut y under an
ingenious form. 1 wiil nut undeitake to discuss
it. 1 simply say this much: that the whole prin-
ciple of Government rests upon the pnnciples of
taxation. Whether the Government bo autocratic
or Deinonaue, is matter of small impoitaneeif
you can limit taxation.
Mr. HUNTCR. i appeal to my friends to let
us vote. ! have no right to appeal to others.
Mr. BELL. I desire to say that I have taken
some pcuns to address the Senate upon this sub-
ject, not tins evening, however. Had this ques-
tion presented itself at any oilier Ume than to-
day, before the last day of the session, or befoie
the very close of the session, 1 should have asked
the indulgence of the Senate to allow me to pre-
m nt my views somewhat at laige upon the w hole
subject connected with it and the financial policy,
and the commercial policy of the country. But,
sir, I deter to the feebog of the Senate, and per-
haps I may say to the necessities of the condition
in winch we find ourselves at the very close of
;' the session. I waive any remarks upon the sub-
;j ject.
i! ^ Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the proposition of the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FITCH, when his name was called, said:
At his request, I have paired off on this amend-
j! merit with the junior Senator from Kentucky,
I: [Mr. Thompson.]
h Mr. HAMLIN, when his name was called,
'j said: I have paired ofl' on this and all other ques-
! tions, except the light-house bill, and one or two
j private bills, with the Senator from Louisiana,
jj [Mr. Slideli,.]
j! Mr. POLK. I have paired off on this ques-
]; tion with the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
11 Thomson.]
I The result was then announced—yeas 24, nays
'. 30; as follows:
'| YEAS—Messr.s. Allen, BpII,Bi«1oi, Broderick, Cameron,
i J Chandler, Claik, (Joll.mier, Unttenden, Dixon, Doohtt'u,
[, Ihirkee, Fe^senden, Foot, Foster. Hale, [iatfan, Kennedy,
| King, Seward, Simmons, Timnbull, Wade, ami Wilson—
j! NAYS — Met-sr<. Bayard, Benjamin. Bright, Brown,
II Chesnnt, (Jlav, Clmiiman, l>a\'i-«, Fitzpatnek. (Jreen, Gwin,
't\ 'lammoud, Houston, Iluntei, Jver.son, JoIuimhi ot Aikan-
^ sa-:, Johnson ot Tennessee, Jone«, Lane, Matloiy. Mihiii,
: 1 I'e.iree, Reid, Hiee, Sebastian, Shields, Smith, Stuait,
ji Waul, and Yuiee—-30.
|| So the amendment was rejected.
J! Mr. MALLORY. I wish now to offer an
■ amendment, which I withdrew in Committee of
the Whole.
i1 Mr. SliWARD. The honorable Senator fiom
'■ Floiida will allow me to suggest to him that the
, amendment which was reseived for separate con-
sideration was the amendment authorizing the
j! issue of Treasury notes. We are upon that ques-
j! tion now, in oider. Perhaps it would be better
|| to have a vote on that.
ij Mr. MALLORY. I did not know that. I will
1' offer this amendment afterwards.
ji Mr. SEWARD. Upon that question the yeas
!l and nays have been ordered, as 1 understand.
!i The question being taken by yeas and nays,
1! resulted—yeas 30, nays 2*2; as follows:
', Y I1; \S—.Mes-a-*. AI leu, 15 ay a j <1, Benjamin, Bipiei, I? right,
ii l)iown, Chesnm, Cl.iv, ('lingui.m, Davi.s, Fitch, Fuzpat-
,, nek, (Jieen, (iwiri, Hammond, Hoimou, llnntci, lvei.--.on,
! Johnson of Ai kan^as, Johnson ot Tenm-s^ee, .lone-. Lane,
i1 .Mullory, Mason. IVaire, Polk, Pugli, tleid. Kice, Sebahlian,
!' Shield-', Smith, Stuait, Toombs, Waid, ami Vulee—;>(j.
i i\AVS -Mes-i-,. Ih'll, BiOtleiieK, (.'aineion, (.'handlei,
Cl.uk, Collainei, <'ntleinlcn, l)i\on, DoolmU", Dtnkee,
Fe-^endim, Foot, Fos-rei, Hale. Hailun. Kennedy, King,
■ Sewaid, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—
i So the amendment was concurred in.
|| Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer an amendment, to
i come in after the last amendment to the bill:
For the suppoil of ihe postal service sueh sunn as may
: • l>e ieeet\ ed thoicl'ioin, and ihe Po^tma^ter (*eiserai he, and ;
:i he ii hereby, amtion7.ed lo rednee the service upon the j
! various po<t unites, mj as to make the Department >e[f-su-:- I
i, taimmr, and by wair.tn!*- on the (.Timed State- Tieasiirj t<i t
■. d ia\v tin lei'imti amount - not e\eeed 11114 -lt ,!"\ mm1 the b,il- *
'.ance in tlx- Tieasiiiy from the teeeipi^ 0! the |>o>? olfiee-?
;l and post roads. Fiom ami aHet the Kr day 01 Julv i.extthe
(ranking pmiicge, e\eept m> far a.s conteircii by *peeml
| l.uvs,l)i', ,uiil is hereby, abolished.
1 will state, Mr. President, the whole object of
1 tins amendment is to provide for a contingency
1 that has niisen by the action of the House upon
, the Post Office anpmpi iation bill. That propo-
sition, if it 1 s accepted by the Senate, leaves the
1 Post Office Department to sustain itself by the re-
ceipts and sueh aieduction of serwee as will make
: if s'dl-yustaming, and by nbohsdimg the flunking
! |"'nvilet;e, mj as to relieve the mail of the buidcn
, which 1-* now imposed upon it in that foim.
Mr. I1ALIS. When does it commence ? Let
'■ the amendment be icad.
( Tiie Secretary read it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope we
; shall have the yeas and nays on that amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for a division of the
! amendment so that the question upon the frank-
1. ing privilege may be sepaiated fiom that for re-
ducing thepobtal sei vice to make the Department
. self-sustaining.
: Thu PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
| under the impression that the amendment is di-
visiblo. Is a division called for?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir; a division is called
1 for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
i' ator a^k for the yeas and nays?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I do not know how I shall vote
on this amend-ment; but I simply desire to raise a
question of order. It is this: the amendment
makes an appropriation, and it is not founded 011 .
any estimate, nor recommended by any commit-
tee.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it does not make an ap-
propriation of money in the Treasury. It merely
provides that the Postmaster General shall he en-
titled to the sums derived from postal service,
and which are to come in the Treasury.
Mr. HALE. It appropriates all the money to
be received from postages.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will suggest an amendment
to the honorable Senator from Mississippi 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
of order must be first disposed of. The opinion
of the Chair is, that it does appropriate money,
and is excluded by the rule, unless recommended
by the head of a Department.
Mr. MALLORY. Is that question decided ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So far as the
Chair is concerned, it is.
Mr. MALLORY. Then, I wish to offer an
amendment.
Mr. CLAY. The point of order only obtains
as to the lirst part of the amendment, and not to
that portion relating to the franking privilege. I
hope a vote will be taken upon the latter part of
the amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. It was not divided.
Mr. CLAY. The Chair said it was divisible.
Certainly the objection does not carry to the en-
tire amendment. I propose now, as an amend-
ment, all that relates to the franking privilege.
The first part of it can be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama is correct. A part of the amend-
ment is within the rule.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. He can offer it by itself.
Mr. CLAY. I offer it by itself, as an inde-
pendent proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon this
question the yeas and nays were called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. I wish to move a short
amendment, to which I presume the gentleman
will have no objection. It is to insert the words,
" that it shall take effect from and after the 1st
day of July next."
Mr, CLAY. That is what the amendment pro-
poses, as I undmstand.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask that it may be read as it
now stands.
Mr. KING. I hope it will be read. I believe
it has not been read at ali yet.
The Secretary read it, us follows:
That bom ami after the Im day of July nevt, the fiankino;
privilege, except no far as eoniuted by special iaw& as <x
pusonal pnvdejre, tie, and 1* beieby, abolished.
Mi. HUNTLR. By general conscnt, I pre-
sume we can withdiaw the call for the yeas and
nays. I am told that everybody will vote for the
amendment. [" Oh , no !"]
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I merely wish to make a
suggestion to the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama. I undeistand that, by some resolution of
the House, two hundred thousand copies of the
agricultural report have been ordered to be printed,
and will be ready for distribution by the 1st of
June. I suggest that this proposition shall take
effect a month or two later than the period men-
tioned in the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Let it stand as it is. It now
names the 1st day of July next. I hope it will
stand, and that we shall take the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the ealUor
the yeas and nays withdiaw n ?
Mr. HUNTER. I understand, by unanimous
consent, it can bp withdrawn. I presume theie
is no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears none, and will consider the call as with ^
drawn.
Tiie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I now renew the amend
menf which I offeied m Committee of the Whole,
to insert,as an additional section:
~hul be it fiuther enacted^ That the acts of 3d Maioii,
1S2J, and *2Jih of June. Ir-Iti passed to cairv into effect the
nuiui aitiele ot the treaty of lbl9, between the United
State-sand Spam. MiaU tie so eonstine.d as to require the
Secietary o{ the Treasury to pay to the persons authorized
to receive tiie same, oat'of the'appiopnation made by the
