THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, *
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
Friday, march 4,1859.
New Series....No. 103,
aforesaid acts, that portion of the damages awarded by the
United States judges in east Florida, under the name of in-
terest, as a just and necessaiy part of the satisfaction stip-
ulated by the treaty, so far as the original value of the prop-
erty, as awarded by the said judges, has been approved at
the Treasury Department, with interest from the date of the
award: Provided, Thar the Secretary of the Treasury may,
at his option, pav the amount of such claims in certificates
of stock bearing an interest of five per centum per annum,
redeemable in ten years, or at the pleasure of the President
of the United States.
In order to render my remarks as brief as pos-
sible,as I find that the report made by the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
contains the history of this case, perhaps, in a
more condensed form than I could myself give it,
I propose to read the report. ["Oh, no!"] I
shall read the report, because the reading was
called for'by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] and if I do not have it read, he will. I
do not propose to read every paragraph of the re-
port, but will read that which will give a con-
densed history of the case. There are many mem-
bers of the Senate, to whom this claim is entirely
novel; and inasmuch as the report gives the true
history of the case, I ask their attention to it. It
. is one of very great importance, to carry into ef-
fect treaty stipulations with Spain. The report
says:
"In 1811, relations of pcace and amity existed between
the United States and Spam, under the treaty of 1795; but
the relations between the United States and Great Britain,
and between the latter Power and Spain, were of s-ueli a
character as to create apprehensions on the part of tlio Uni-
ted States that Great Britain would seize the piovinces of
East and West Flonda, then a dependency of the Crown of
Spain ; and the United States having long looked to a ces-
sion of those provinces as an indemnity for her just claim-?
upon Spain, and being unwilling, from their geographical
position, that any oilier Power should possess them, and
especially Great Britain, with whom we were then on the
eve of war, Congress, on the 15th day of January, 1811,
passed an act and joint resolution, by the former of which
the President was authorized to take possession of the
Floridas."
Now, I shall pass over 
Mr. HUNTER.. Will my friend from Florida
allow me to ask him, did the Committeeon Claims
authorize him to move this as an amendment to
the appropriation bill?
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly, sir; I am of the
Commiitee on Claims myself. They authorized
me to move it to any of these bills that are before
us.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I raise this point of order,
that the Committee on Claims cannot authorize
a gentleman, who is not a member of the commit-
tee, to move an amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. How did the gentleman
learn that I am not a member of the committee ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is the Senator a member
of that committee?
Mr. MALLORY. I have just stated that fact.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I will ask my friend
from Florida if he will yield to a motion to ad-
journ, and continue his speech in the morning?
Mr. MALLORY. No; I have the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. You will be entitled to the
floor to-morrow.
Mr. MALLORY. I think I shall occupy too
much time, even by going on now. I am not dis-
posed to delay the Senate a single moment. I will
skip over many paragraphs of the report and con-
dense what I have to say as much as possible. I
read again from the report:
'iAa tliis occupation of East Florida by the American
foices was strenuously and forcibly resisted by the Spanish
authorities theieuf, a feeling of great bitterness on the part
ot the invading tou-es was excited against the loyal Span-
ish inhabitants and officers ; and an occupation of the prov-
ince, winch was only intended by Congies-j, in the condi-
tion of tilings loitnd to e\ist, to be peaceful on the part of
the United States and voluntary on the part of Spam, was
converted into a foieible occupation by the agent of the
United States."
The United States occupied East Florida for two
years—1813 and 1814—and invaded West Flor-
ida in 1814 and 1818; and this occupation of the
Floridas led to reclamations on the part of Spain.
The American army had despoiled their citizens
of their property; they had used it as their own;
they had treated the provinces as conquered prov-
inces.
It appeal's, from the correspondence between Mr. Ad-
103
ams and Mr. Onis, which led to the treaty of 1819, that
mutual indemnities for all injuries were fully agreed upon
before General Jackson entered Florida in 1818."—Ameri-
can State Papers, Foreign Relations, vol. 4, pages 465, 467,
475.
Mr. PUGH. I hope my friend from Florida
will listen to me for one minute. This amend-
ment, I know, will give rise to a debate which
will last until daylight; and it amounts to a defeat
of this bill. It cannot pass without a lengthy de-
bate. I have examined it somewhat, and I know
a great many Senators will speak on it, if it is
persisted in. I implore him, therefore, not to pre-
cipitate us into that catastrophe, and to withdraw
the amendment. ,
Mr. MALLORY. I feel the full force of the
appeal, and have yielded to just such appeals
during the fore part of the session, until this mo-
ment. I will say, however, that if the opponents
of this proposition will not debate it, I will agree
to take a vote now, without a single word.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest that I think it
possible that, at the proper time, this might be
passed, but it certainly cannot be passed to-night.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us have a vote.
Mr. MALLORY. I am willing to have a vote
now. If the understanding is that the Senate will
take the vote, I will yield the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: 11 Will the Senate agree to this amendment?"
Mr. MALLORY called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. I beg to say that I do not vote
on this amendment because I happen, as the rep-
resentative of one or two estates and as a legatee
under a will, to have a personal interest in this
question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Cameron, Clark, Dixon, Foster,
Green,G win, Hale, Houston, Iversori,Mallory, and Toombs
—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Broderick,
Chesnut, Clay, Clmginari, Collamer, Davis, Duikee, Fes-
senden, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Hammond, Harlan,
Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jones, King, Mason, I'earee, Polk, Fugh, Reid, Rice, Se-
bastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Stuart, Trumbull, and
Ward—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to explain to the
Senate that, in transcribing the amendments to
the naval bill, one of our clcrks omitted a short
section, and in the committee of conference we
were not able to get it. I ask that it may be put
on this bill. I therefore offer this amendment:
And be it further cnactcd, That such officers as were
placed on the furlough list, by the act of the naval retiring
board, and who have been subsequently transferred to the
leave ln l, bhalt be allowed leave pay for and during the time
they were on the furlough list as aforesaid, deducting the
furlough pay which they received during said tune, and that
in case of the death of any officer after his* restoration or
transfer as aforesaid, his legal representatives shall be enti-
tled to receive the amount which such officer would have
received under tins act up to the time of his death.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I again move, from the Commit-
tee on Printing, the amendment relative to the con-
tinuation of the American State Papers.
Mr. HUNTER. If my own friends will move
all these amendments twice, I do not see how we
are to get along. We have voted once on this,
and here it is again.
Mr. FITCH. I will simply say to my friend
from Viiginia, that his present impatience does
not correspond with the deliberation which in-
duced him to move a recess of two hours this
afternoon. I do not intend to debate this amend-
ment. If any explanation is required it will be
made by my associate on the committee, the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.]
The amendment was read, as follows:
Jlnd beit further enacted, That the Seeietary of the Sen-
; ate and Clerk of the House of Representatives are hereby
! directed *o to modify their contract with Gales & Seaton
for publishing the continuation of the -'American State
- Papers,'' made under authority of the act of the 12th of
I June, 1858, as to stipulate that they be allowed $10 50 a
I volume, on condition that the said publishers shall defray
ali expenses ofselecung, compiling,and arranging the doc-
uments, according to the rate of compensation for the
same services in compiling and preparing the first series;
also the expenses of binding the same, and the expense of
all lithographs and wood engravings requiredin any of the
documents; also the expense of preparing full and proper
indexes for each volume, and general indexes for each class;
and all other contingent or incidental expenses-whatever
attending said publication. And the said volumes sliallhe
delivered to the Secretary ofctfte Interior, as the same may
be completed, ifrtab shall plaee three hundred copies in
Department of State for its use, and for exchangfe wfch for-
eign Governments, and seven hundred copies in his own
Department for distribution to public libraries in the several
States and Terutories, and hold the residue of the copies
in his custody, subject to the further order of Congress.
And the Seoretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to
pay for the said work, as the «&me may be delivered, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
on the certificate of the said Secretary of the Interior: Pro-
vided, That not more than $25,000 Tshall be so paid on' ac-
count of said publication duiing the current fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
five, noes not counted.
Mr. IVERSON. I renew the amendment whic|i
I offered in Committee of the Whole in behalf of
Gilbert & Gerrish:
Jhid he it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay,
out of the judiciary fund heretofore appropriated for Hie
Territory of Utah, such sum as may be found due to Messrs.
Gilbert and Gerrish, upon drafts and certificates of Joseph
h. Heywood, late marshal of Utah, not exceeding the sum
of $24.6r>9 97, which is the amount found due to said mar-
shal, upon the settlement of his accounts, and now stand-
ing to his credit in the Treasury, and that the same be
charged to such marshal on the books of the Treasury.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the Question of order.
It is the same thing we decided before.
Mr. IVERSON. Let the Chair decide it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
makes the same decision he did before.
Mr. IVERSON. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and on that question I ask for the yeas
and nays. I do not intend to debate it.
Mr. CLAY. I move to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. IYERSON. I call for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. I was not disposed to debate
this question, if the Senator from Alabama '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. IVERSON. Very well.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon Mr. Clay's motion, resulted—yeas 26, nays
19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bigler, Brown, Chesnut,
Clay, Clingman, Collamer, Cuttenden, Davis. Fitch, Fitz-
patrick, Green, Gvvm, Hammond, Hunter, Johnson o'f Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Pugh,
lteid, Rice, and Toouibs—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Chandler, Clark, Dixon,
Durkee, Fessenden, Hale, Hamlin, ffarjan, Houston, Iver*
son, Jones, Folk, Seward, Shields, Trumbull, Wade,and
Ward—19.
So the appeal was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish io renew an amend-
ment that was voted down this morning, to pay
for some paving stone that was taken by the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings through mistake.
I will not debate it. The amendment is:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to pay to
John F. Callan, for stone taken from iquare number 562, in
Washington City, and used in paving New Jertey avenue,
$162.
The amendment was objected to this morning
as being a private claim. The Government made
an appropriation, and directed the Commissioner
of Public Buildings to perform certain work. He
went on to do it; and in doing it, $160 worth of
stone, that belonged, not to the Government, as he
supposed at the time, but to a private individual,
was taken.
["That will do!"]
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays on its
passage; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
