1634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Brown, Ctiesnut, Clay, Clin^man, Davis, Douglas, Fitch,
Fittpatridk, Green, Gwiii, Hammond, Houston, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Joqes, Kennedy, Lane, Mal-
lory, Mason, Pearce, Polk, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Shields,
Stuart. Toombs, Ward, and Yulee—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Broderick, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Doolittle, Diukce, Fcssenden, Foot, Foster, Hale,
Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Pugli, Seward; Sim-
mons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—20.
So the bill was passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
and they were signed Bjf the Vice President:
An act (S, No. 129) to provide for the settle-
ment of the land claim of the persons claiming as
heirs of, or under, Jehu XJndferwood, as purchas-
ers or" otherwise, to certain lands in Florida, and
to confirm the tide to the proper owngrs;
■ An act (S. No. 224) for the relief of Edward
Ingersoll;
An act (S. No. 292) for the relief of James A.
Glanding; and
An'act (S. No. 606) to carry into effect the
convention between the United States and China,
concluded on the 8th of November, 1858, at
.Shanghae.
MESSAGE OF THE PRESIDENT.
A'message was received from the President of
the United States by Mr. J. B. Henry, his Pri-
vate Secretary; which was read, as follows:
Washington, March 3, 1859.
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
An imperative sense of duty compels me to
make an appeal to Congress to preserve (he credit
of the country. This is the last day of the pres-
ent CQngress, and no provision has yet been
made for the payment of appropriations and to
meet the outstanding Treasury notes issued under
the authority of law. Prom the information
which has already been communicated to Con-
gress by the Secretary of the Treasury, it is man-
ifest that the ordinary receipts into the Treasury,
even under the most favorable circumstances,
will scarccly meet the ordinary expenses of the
Government during the remainder of the present
fiscal year, ending on the 30thof June. At that
time nearly eighteen millions of Treasury notes
will have become due, and many of those not yet
due ore daily paid for duties at the different ports,
and there will be no moans in the Treasury to
meet the,m. Thus the country, which is full of
resources, will be dishonored before the world,
and the American people, who are a debt-paying
people, will be disgraced by the omission on our
part to do our duty. It is impossible to avoid this
catastrophe, unless we make provision this very
day to meet the lawful demands on the public
Treasury. If this were the first instead of the
last session of a Congress, the case would be dif-
ferent. You might then be convened by procla-
mation for to-morrow morning. Huttherenre nflw
thirteen States of the Union, entitled to seventy-
eight Representatives, in which none have been
elected. It will, therefore, be impuictienble for a
large majority of these States to elect their mem-
bers before the Treasury shall be compelled to
stop payment.
Under these circumstances, I earnestly recom-
mend to Congress to make provision within the
few remaining hours of the session for the pres-
ervation of the public credit. The urgency of
the case not only justifies but demands that, if
necessary, this shall be done by a sepaiate bill.
We ought to incur no risk when the good faith
of the country is at stake.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the message
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
POST OFFICIO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MASON. There is a resolution from the
House ot* Representatives, accompanying llotise
bill No. 872, ranking appropriations for defraying
the expenses of the Post O/lice Department. 1
ask that that resolution be read, in order that, to
facilitate the public business we may dispose of
the subject.
The Secretary read the resolution of the House
of Representatives, as follows:
"Resolved, That House bill No. 872, making appropri-
ations for defraying the expenses of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending the 30tli of Ju-ae, 1860, with the
Senate amendments thereto, be returned to the Senate, as
section thirteen of said amendments is in the nature of a
revenue bill."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. "Without making any
comment on that resolution, and considering it
very important that we should dispose of the sub-
ject in such a manner as to prevent it from becom-
ing an obstruction to the regular course of legis-
lation, as far as that can possibly be done, or an
occasion of any conflict between the two Houses,
I offer, for the consideration of the Senate, the
following resolution:
The House of Representatives having communicated to
the Senate a resolution, m the following words, to wit:
"Resolved, That House bill No. 872, making appropriations
for defraying the expenses of the Post Office Department
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1860, with the Senate
amendments thereto, be returned to the Senate, as section
thirteen of said amendments is m the nature of a revenue
bill:"
Resolved by the Senate of the United States, That the Sen-
ate and House, being of right equally competent, each to
judge of the propriety and constitutionality of its own ac-
tion, the Senate has exercised said right in its action on the
amendments sent to the House, leaving to the House its
right to adopt or reject each of said amendments at its pleas-
ure.
Resolved, That this resolution be communicated to the
House of .Representatives, and that the bill and amend-
ments aforesaid be transmitted therewith.
The .resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President 
Mr. YULEE. Before the subject passes from
the attention of the Senate, I desire simply to
state the fact that the bill of 1845, regulating the
rate of postage, which was one of the most im-
portant bills we have passed on that subject, ori-
ginated m the Senate, and was afterwards passed
by the House of Representatives.
NEW YORK INDIANS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to take up bill (S.
No. 389) providing for the allotment of lands to
certain New York Indians, and for other pur-
poses, in order to concur in the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
*fhc motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House,
which was, to strike out all after the word " In-
dian" in the sixth line, to the end of the bill, and
insert new provisions, so as to make the bill read:
That the President be, and he is hereby, diieeted, a* soon
as practicable, to cause three hundred and twenty acres, or
out* half suction of land, to bo set apart and allotted to each
individual Indian who removed under the provisions of
treaty hereinafter refeired to, and to their children, in the
tract of land set apaitfor the u^e of the New York Indians
bv the treatv of Januaiy 15, 1838, made and concluded at
liuflalo Creek, in the State of New York, and the treaty
made at the same place on the 20th day of May, 1842; said
lands to be selected within said leserve in Kansas Terri-
toiy, in conformity to the legal subdivisions ot the public
surveys, and so as to include the improvements (if any there
be) ot each Indian,and patent* ten the same shall be issued
to each individual Indian adult, or to heads ot lamilies for
themselves and their minor children, they to locate their
lands within the *pace of one year from the pn sage of this
act; and when the location shall have been thus made and
allotted, and after the expnatiou of &aul year, the temainder
of the receive <hall be considered a parLof tlie public land-*, i
and shall be subject to settlement and entry as other lands !
belonging to the United States; and no settlements, other
than by Indians above let'eried to, shall be made on said
reserve lor the space of one year fiom and al'tei the passage
of tins act, unless the selections can sooner be made. All
settlement-) heretofore made on said reserve shall he recog-
nised irom the date of said settlement, and entitled to pre-
emption, the same as if the said lands had been Govern-
ment lands and subject to settlement: Provided, That the
Indians named shall have precedence over any other settler
where tins same may come in conflict. After paying all the
moneys necessarv lor cairjnig out the provisions of this
aet, the remainders of all moncjs accruing from stiles by
pieomption. private entiv, or otherwise, of any lands within
the tiact and le-erve abovenamed. shall be paid into the
Treahiuy of the United States, and kept as a separate and
distinct fund, and held subject to any future acts of Con-
gie>s in relation to said New York Indian*, or to the pro-
visions of any tieaty made, or hereafter to be made, with
said Indians, or any of them, in icference theieto. Thedis-
tncteomtsof the United States for the Territorie> of Kansas
and Nebiaska, shall severally hereafter, for the puipo-e of
enforcing the act of June 3D, 18«M, have the tame juiisdie-
tnm as was convened by the twenty-fourth section of the
intereouise act upon the United States courts of the State
of Missouri; and that so much of the twenty-fouith sec-
tion of the aet of June 30, 183-1, known as the mtercoui&e
act, as conflicts with this act be, and the *ame is hereby,
repealed.
The bill, as passed by the Senate at the last
session, is as follows:
Be it enacted,%c., That the Picsident be, and he is here-
by, directed, as soon as practicable, to cause three hundred
and twenty acres, or one half section of land to be set apart
and allotted to oaeh individual fndian entitled to lands in
the tract set apart for the use of the New York Indians, and
now residing thereon,.by the treaty of January 15, 1838,
made and concluded at Buffalo Creek, in'the State of New
York, and the treaty made at yie same place on the 2Q£h
day ofMav, 1842; said lands to be selected within said re-
serve, in Kansas Territory, in conformity to the legal sub-
divisions of the public surveys, and so as to include the im-
provements (if any there be) of each Tndian, and patents
for the same shall be issued to the head of each family.
When the selections shall have been thus made and allot-
ted, the remainder of said reserve shall be considered a part
of the public lands, and shall be subject to settlement, pre-
emption, and entry, as other lands belonging to the United
States."
Mr. KING. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out all after the word " who," in the
first line of the House amendment, and inserting:
" Is of or among the Indians and tribes provided for by
the tieaty of January 15,1838, made and concluded at Buf-
falo Creek, m the State of New York, and the treaty made
at the same place, May 20,1842, and as soon as the $400,000
which it is piovided by the fifteenth section of the'said
treaty shall be appropriated for aid by the United States in
the removal of the said New York Indians, and for their
support and benefit after removal shall be provided, the
Fiesident shall appoint a commissioner to carry out the pro-
visions of the treaty, who shall appoint a suitable day and
time within which the said New York Indians shall remove
to the lands set apart for them in accordance with the pro-
visions of the said treaty, or forfeit their right to the lands,
and of the day and tune so appointed, immediate informa-
tion shall be given to the said Indians by the President."
The bill which passed the Senate at the last
session, passed without the knowledge of the Sen-
ators from New York, and went to the House of
Representatives; and, as we understand it, it is a
bill which assumes to forfeit the right of the Indians
of our State, under the treaty which was made
with them in 1838, at Buffalo Creek, which seta
forth that the object of the treaty was to provide
a home for the Indians, as was then the general '
policy of the country, in the West, and to remove
them from the old States of the Union. The In-
dians of the State of New York were the owners
of a right to live with a band of western Indians;
but, under the arrangement with the Federal Gov-
ernment, that was settled, so as to give them five
hundred thousand acres of land, in the vicinity of
Green Bay, Wisconsin. By 1838, the lands at
Green Bay had become very valuable, and were
wanted for settlement. The same desire and pur-
pose existed in New York, and the same policy
received the favor of the Federal Government
here, of a desire to send the Indians off, and, in
1838, a treaty was made with the various tribes of
the New York Indians for the cession of the five
hundred thousand acres at Green Bay, and they
were awarded a large quantity of land in the ter-
ritory which was then known as the Indian Ter-
ritory, and is now the Territory of Kansas—some
one million eight hundred thousand acres, and it
was set apart for them by metes and bounds. I
will read the second article of the treaty:
" In consideration of the above cession and relinquish-
ment on the part of the tubes of the New York Indians, and •
m order to manifest the deep interest of the United States
in the future pcace and prosperity of the New York Indians,
the United States agiee to set apart the following tracts of
country, situated directly west of the State of Missouri, as
a permanent home for ail the New York Indians, now re-
siding in the State of New Yoi k, or in Wisconsin, or else-
wheie in the United States, who have no perxnanet homes;
which said country is described as follows, to wit: Begin-
ning on the we->t line of the State of Missouri, at the north-
east corner of the Cheiokee tiact, and running thence north
along the we«f line ol the State of Missouri, twenty-seven
miles to the somberly line ot' theMiama lands; thence west
po far as snail bo nece^ary, by running a line at right an-
cles, and paialle! totliewe>t line aforesaid, to the Osage
lands, and thence ea-teiIv along the Osage and Cheiokee
lands to the place of beginning*, to include one million eight
hundred and twenty tour thousand acres of land, being
three hundicd and twenty acres for each soul of said In-
dians, as their numbeis are at present computed. To have
and to hold the same in lee simple to the said tribes or na-
tions of Jndiarw, by patent from the President of the United
States, issued m conformuj with the provisions of the third
section of the act entitled 'An act to piovido foi an exchange
of lands with the Indians residing m any of the States or
Territoues, and lor their removal west of the Mississippi,'
approved theStith day of May, 1830, with Hill power and
authority m the said Indian-* to divide =aid lands among the
■ different tribes, nations, or bands, in severalty,with the right
to seii and convey to and from each other, under such laws
s and regulation-# a-5 maj he adopted by the respective tubes,
1 acting by themselves, or by a sreneral council of the said
i New York Indian*, acting for all the tribes collectively. It
| is understood and agreed that the above described country
] is intended as a future homo for the following tribes, to wit:
! The Seneca*, Oriondauas, Oa\ugas>, Tu-c«utoas, Oneidas,
! St. Regis, StoekhridgP5!, Munsees, and Biothertowns, re-
j siding in the State ot New York; and the sauie Is to be di-
: vided equally among them, aeeoiding to their respective
! numbeis, a* mentioned in a schedule hereunto annexed."
| The only question, perhaps, that should arise
1 in tins matter, is the question of whether the right
| of the Indians to these lands has, by any lapse of
I time, or any cause whatever, been affected or term-
