1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina, be-
cause it increases the amount beyond the sum
asked for by those in authority, and those who
have the disbursement of the money. I am as
much opposed to an increase in salaries as any.
fentleman in this House, and with every proper
orror of executive usurpation, I have an equal
horror of congressional usurpation, and that is
what has been attempted here to-day. If gentle-
men who are disposed toi,withhold the appropria-
tion did so upon the ground that the time for the
service had not arrived, they could justify their
position. But when gentlemen say they arc will-
ing" to allow the law to remain upon the statute-
book which provides salaries for the persons who
fill these places, and yet are not willing to pro-
vide for the payment of those salaries, and declare
that their object is to repudiate the debt which the
law creates, I say those gentlemen practice a sort
of economy for others, which they would be
sorry to see practiced for themselves.
Now, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Love-
joy] objected, among other things, that persons
were sent abroad who are not qualified; that they
do not speak the languages of the Courts to which
they are sent. The gentleman is too fast. When
the gentleman gets into the Senate of the United
States, if he ever gets there, then will be the time
for him to sit in judgment upon the qualifications
of those whom the Executive sends abroad; then
will be the time to rate the Executira for sending
improper persons on foreign missions; then wiil
be the time for the gentleman to say to a gentle-
man who is nominated to the Senate that he is
not qualified because he does not speak a partic-
ular language; and then, perhaps, he can better
justify himself than he can here upon the Iloor
of the House of Representatives, for reiterating
slanders against the Minister to London; a man
who has spent a long and honorable life-time in
his. own country, and some years abroad. He is
now reproached, for the first time, in a general
and irresponsible way, as being a stock-jobber,
and with 110 better foundation than the idle ru-
mors of newspapers.
The Committee of Ways and Mentis charged
with an ungracious task at beat. The rules of the
House provide that they shall not appropriate, in
an appropriation bill, motley Our any purpose not
authorized by existing laws. They report bills
in accordance with that rule. I am surprised that
gentlemen, who have not the courage to face the
music and bring in a bill to repeal the law, will
stand up here and seek to reduce the salaries of
ministers, attack an appropriation bill and refuse
supplies, to coerce the Executive, as they suppose,
to do their bidding, when e\ery obligation of duty
requires them to vote the appropriation which the
existing laws require. I tell those gentlemen to
repeal the law fixing their salaries, or reduce them
to a notional sum. Hut while there is a l.iw cre-
ating the duty of making this appropriation, or
which recognizes it, I appeal to the members of
this House to make that appropriation.
[Here tWe hammer fell.]
Mr. MILES, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. EUSTIS. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. I hope the vote
will first be taken upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia; and then I will move
that the committee rise, with a view to having a
night session; and I appeal to my friends to ab-
stain fiom any further debate 011 the amendment.
Mr. EITSTIS. If we could have a vote now,
I would withdraw my motion; but 1 am satisfied
that we cannot do it, and therefore I cannot with-
draw the motion.
The motion wos agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Air. Burnett reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the CJnion had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 666, and had come to 110 resolu-
tion thereon.
HOOR OF MEETING.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent to introduce a resolution, that on
Wednesday next afid thereafter, until further
ordered, thehourof daily meeting shall be eleven
o'clock, a. m. "
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then I move to
suspend the rules for that purpose. I now pro-
pose, having made that motion, which will come
up in order next Monday, I will say that several
gentlemen have appealed to me to have a night
session; and if the House will permit, I will move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, wall a view to a nigh£
session. If, however, the House will now take
a vote in reference to meeting at eleven o'clock, I
should be much gratified.
MOTION TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. WALTON. 1 rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which Senate
resolution (No. 65) authorizing the Secretary of |
the Treasury to convey a portion of the Govern- j
ment lot on which the United States court-house
stands, in Rutland, Vermont, in exchange for
other lands adjoining said lot, was, on Saturday
last, referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
WILKES'S EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rewlvci, That tlie President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this IIou«e the aggiejratc expend-
iture ef whatsoever nature, including all salaries, whether
special or by virtue of official position, in the Arm v 01 Navy,
or otherwise, on account of the prepaiation or publication
ofthe woik known as Wilkes's Exploring Expedition; also,
what number of copies of the said worlc has been ordeird,
how they have been distributed, what number of persons
are riow einployed thereon, then names and their salaries,
how long tlley have been employed, lespectively, and the
amount of tile appiopriatiou now leiiiduiiiig undiawn.
CUBA.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri, who,I believe, holds the floor, toyield
to me a moment that I may get an order from the
House. I am instructed by the Committee 011
Foreign Affairs to report back to the House a bill
appropriating money to enable the President to
settle and adjust our difficulties with the Govern-
ment of Spain, and for other purposes. I ask
permission to do so, and if allowed, I will report
the bill with a report, and then move that they
be recommitted to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. The object simply is to get the bill and
report printed. I would also include in my motion
the printing of the minority report.
No objection was made.
COMMITTEE ON DESKS.
Mr. MILES. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to allow the special committee 011 desks
to report at any time, and to have the report
printed.
Mr. TOMPKINS objected.
Mr. MILES. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is already pending.
COMMERCIAL AGENTS IN CANADA.
Mr. HATCH, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
ItPsoh-nl. That the Peeretai v of Ptate be requested to fur-
rni.li, at his eaiiie-t convenience, the number of commer-
cial agents appointed by the Umt"ii rft.ues con ui general
of the <J.madas, on mo' noithem fiontier, eeid the auinuut
offees received bv tlleni during the ye.ii 11*38.
Mr. COVODE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
WAR DEPARTMENT APPROPRIATIONS. '
The'SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of Wnr, stating
the amount of appropriations applicable to the
service, of the War Department for the year
1857-58, with the amounts drawn therefrom;
i which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
DEFENSES OF PUGET SOUND.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War Th an-
swer to a resolution of the House in regard to es-
timates for the defense of Puget Sound and the
entrance to the Columbia river, and recommend-
ing appropriations for the same; which was re-
and Means,
ferred to the Committee of
and ordered to he prifited.
KANSAS CONTINGENT EXPENSES."
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of State, transmitting a
communication recommending an appropriation
for contingent expenses for the Territory, of Kan-
sas; which were referred to the Committee on
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
#J. F". HOSHER.
The SPEAKER aisov laid before the House a
communication froyi the Court of Claims, with
the papers in the casp of J. F. Hosher, in con-
formity with a recommendation made by the
House of Representatives.
- CHARLES G. RIDGELY.
The SPEAKER also laid before (he House a
message from the Senate, requesting the return to
that body of a bill (S. No.,144) for the relief of
the legal representees of Charles G. Ridgely, of
the United States Navy.
The bill having been referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affair^, that committee was discharged
fiom its further consideration, and it was ordered
to be returned to the Senate.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House, a
memorial from the Legislature of the Territory
of NcwMexico in regard to Indian depredations;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House, a
memorial from the same in relation to the adjust-
ment of private land claims; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed. • -
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also laid-before the House, a
memorial from the same in relation to a geolog-
ical survey of the Territory of New Mexico;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion to adjourn i
Mr. COVODE. I withdraw it.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 offer this resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object.
M r. MORGAN. Is it in order to move to sus-
pend the rules'
The SPEAKER. , There is pending a propo-
sition to suspend the rules, so as to fix the daily
hour of meeting.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. I give notice that
on Monday next I will press that proposition. I
now move that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, andthe
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Steven-
son in the chair,) and proceeded to the consider-
ation ofthe President's annual message.
Mr DAVIS, of Mississippi, (at four o'clock
and twenty minutes, p. m.,) moved that the com-
mittee take a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
The motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSION.
The Committee met at seven o'clock, p. m.,
(Mr. Stevenson in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the President's annual message.
THE HOMESTEAD LAW.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Chairman,
1 am induced by the interest of the subject to
speak to the principles which, in my judgment,
Support, while; hey demand, a homestead law.
Though not before us for immediate considera-
tion, no theme is more intimately connected with
the state of the Union, and none of deeper inter-
est to the popular mind. The uncontrolled air
and the irrepressible water have ever been en-
joyed without obstruction by all generations of
men. As free as the air, passes with every peo-
ple for a proveib; and indefinite power approaches
