1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
inated. There are two or three delegations here
at this time, protesting against this assumption
made by such a provision as is contained in this
bill, that their rights have ceased; for this bill
assumes that the land is the property of the Uni-
ted States, instead of the Indians, and provides
for its sale. The third article of the treaty is in
these words:
" It is further agreed that such of the tribes of the Now
York Indians as do not accept and agree to remove to the
country set apart for their new homes within five years,
or such other time as the President may fioin time to time
appoint, shall forfeit all interest m the lands, so set apart,
to the United States."
The commissioner who negotiated the treaty is
here m the city, and upon consultation with the
Indians, and in my presence before the Commit-
tee oil Indian Affairs, he states that it was de-
clared to the Indians that the object of the treaty
was to secure them a home in the West; that the
term of five years mentioned in the treaty as the
time within which they should remove, was a
time within which they desired to remove-, but
that the other words were also put in, "or such
other time as the*President from time to time may
appoint,'" the object of which was, that the dif-
ferent members of the tribes might have an oppor-
tunity at a future day, within such limit as the
President was willing that they should have, to
remove to these lands. At the time the treaty was
made, there was no difference of opinion any-
where except among the Indians themselves, about
the propriety of their removing. There was no
interest among the whites in our State, so far as
I know, except that which would be promoted
by the removal of the Indians to the western
country. This language was used and was ex-
plained to the Indians, that they -might under-
stand that, until the President appointed a time
within which they must go to the West, their
rights remained, and 1 believe there is now pend-
ing, in the Senate, a bill providing for the pay-
ment of money under the treaty with the Ton-
awandas,by which the right of the Indians to
these lands has been recognized. Within a year
or two a treaty has been made by which they
have sold their rights and are to receive their pay
for them; and thus, of course, their rights are
extinguished. The Indians were informed that
they would have ample time for this purpose,and
have ample notice. There was great reluctance
on their part to enter into this treaty; there was a
reluctance on their part to leave the lands upon
which they had foiever resided; small reserva-
tions in different parts of the Slate of New York.
There is Another article in the tieaty, the fifteenth
article, which 1 will tead to the Senate, which was
a part of this treaty, perfectly comprehended and
understood by these Indians:
"The United States hereby agree that they will appio-
pnate the sum of $'400 0t:0,lo be applied from tune to time,
tinder the direction of the President of the United States,
in such pioportions as may be moot for the interests of the
said fndins. parties to tins treaty, for the following pur-
poses, to wit: to aid them m removing to tlieii home", anil
supporting themselves the first year alter their removal; to
eneoisiage and assist them m education, and in being taught
to cultivate their (amis ; in erecting mills and other neces-
sary houses; hi purchasing domestic annuals and farming
uteiisjJ , arid acquiring a knowledge of the mechanic arts."
Here is a provision of the treaty requiring that
$400,Otto should be expended to aid these Indians
in their removal to the western country, and pur-
chasing domestic animals and agricultural im-
plements for them in their new homes This
has never been dntte; there has never been any
notice given to them of the intention of the Uni-
ted States to avail themselves of their authority
in this treaty to terminate it, by fixing the time
within which they must go, or foi feit their rights.
The reason, as I understand, of the bill which
has been presented to the Senate, is an urgency
arising from the fact that the Ind lan lands in Kan-
sas have been settled upon, and that difUcullies
have grown up among the settlers, settlements
having been made there without any right on the
part of those who have settled. There is a de-
sire, of course, on the part of the Government,
in the most peaceful and in the easiest and quiet-
est manner, to dispose of the subject, and to give
these lands to the white settlers who have settled
on them.
Now, the fact is, I suppose that averyconsid-
eiable number of the Indians would prefer to re-
mam on their reservations which they still hdld
in the State of New York. In my judgment, the
course pursued by the Government in their nego-
tiations with the Tonawandas is the proper course
to be pursued with all these tribes. There will
be no difficulty in making a treaty with these In-
dians, by which all their lands in Kansas that
have been settled upon may very readily be se-
cured to the settlers; for there is no doubt that a
sufficient number of the. Indians will desire to
remain in'New York and to sell their lands in
Kansas, to enable the Government to allow the
right of preemption to pass to the persons who
have settled there, and thus remove the difficulties.
I understand that considerable improvements have
been made; mills, in some places, have been
erected, and in some instances two or three small
towns have grown up on these lands. I have no
disposition to disturb those people; but I am
unwilling that a bill should pass by which it is
assumed that the Indians have lost their rights
to these lands. I desire that, through the Indian
department, negotiations may be instituted with
these Indians, and their rights promoted in a
manner that will save the faith, honor, and credit
of the Government. The Indians have no means
of enforcing their rights; whatever course this
Government may choose to take on this subject,
is a course to which they can make no lesistance.
Their only appeal is to the justice and to the
honor and good faith of Congress. These-treaties
were made between them and this Government
as between equal parties, and the rights which
are guarantied to them by the treaties ought, in
good faith, to be carried out. There is no neces-
sity in this case which should press this Govern-
ment to do the slightest injustice to the Indians.
The amendment which 1 have offered contem-
plates the giving of notice by the President, and
the use of those means which are provided by the
treaty of 1838—the appointment of a commis-
sioner to proceed to the Indians and open a negotia-
tion with them; to give them a notice that, within
such a time, they must go, or, if they do not,
their rights will be forfeited; and that is in exact
accordance with the terms of the treaty, I trust
the amendment which I have offered will prevail;
and then I shall have no objection to the passage
of the bill. If the amendment does not prevail, I
hope the bill will not pass. The bill assumes to
take these lands and sell them; but I will not dis-
cuss the merits of the bill, trusting that the amend-
ment which I have offered will prevail. It is a
simple amendment which, within a reasonable
time, a year or two, appointed by the President,
can bring the rights of the Indians to a termina-
tion, and keep the faith of the Government.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from New York
does not piesent this case in the light in which I
understand it. The treaty of 1833 piovided a res-
ervation for the New York Indians, on condition
that they should remove to and occupy it, with a
special provision that, if they did not, the rights
of those who failed to go should be forfeited. The
time was fixed; and the circumstances under which
they were to remove were all specified. In 1846,
the notice of the President was given that they
must go, or lose their rights under the treaty. A
considerable number of them did go, and are now
occupying lands. The residue of them refused
to go, and lemained in the State of New York,
where tliey are now. Since that period of time,
the land tiieii being considered worth compara-
tively nothing, the territorial government has been
organized; emigration has set in; settlements have
dotted all over "the lands which had been set apart
for them, because they refused to go. This emi-
gration has gone there since 1854. The object of
this bill, and the object of the House amendment
to the Senate bill, is simply to secure in severalty
all the rights of each Indian who, in virtue of the
treaty, did in fact emigrate. That is the first ob-
ject; to parcel out, and carve out, from the gen-
eral mass, all the land granted to the whole tribe.
It is to be protected from alienation; it is to be
i guarded to them, and to their heirs and descend-
ants forever, without any authority to sell; unless
with the sanction of the superior power, as pro-
vided in the treaty. The rest of the land being oc-
cupied,and the Indians in New York having for-
feited their right, the bill does not propose to claim
the benefit of a forfeiture; but it does propose, as
they have failed to go, and citizens of the United
States have gone, to avoid all difficulty the United
States will take the land, and pay §1 25 an acre,
and put it into the Treasury as a special fund,
subject to the disposition of. Congress, far the
benefit of these Indians. That is the. whole pur-
pose of the bill, and of the House amendment. .It
is fair; it is liberal. We could properly claim a
forfeiture of the Indians; but a great nation like
the United States would not ask any sucli thing
of a poor Indian tribe; but we will not permit vast
quantities of land to lie locked up from -sstttanent;
to mar the beauty of the Territory, of Kansas"; to
stay the tide of emigration; and to check that i(« -
provement which is.making the wilderness blos-
som as the rose. We desire, on the contrary, to
open it lip to settlement; and especially when-we
can do all this without £ny harm to the Indiana;
without claiming an exaction that they have .for-
feited; without imposing on them any hardship;
but simply doing justice, although they have
failed-to do their duty.
The amendment proposed by the Senator from
New York is not just. If these Indians shall
now go out under the extraordinary inducements
which outside influences might bring to bear-upon
tliem at this time, when the lands are more val-
uable, they will interrupt the rights of others.
Besides, the amendment proposes to gi\re them
another notice to go. They have had an express
notice, as I have the information from the Indian
department—and I speak by the record in this
case, and do not guess at what I say. They had
the notice in 1846—more than twelve years ago.
During all that space of time, when the land was
. considered to be worth nothing, they refused to
go. The other provisions of the treaty have been
| executed according to the letter. Then, why shall
we now, to the injury of the citizens of the United
States and to the injury of the Territory of Kan-
sas, go back and permit outside influences to-op-
erate upon these New York Indians to induce
them to g<£ and grab lands to which they have no
right; all the right to which they were entitled
having been forfeited yeilrs ago; forfeited when
the land was considered worth nothing; they re-
maining quiet under that forfeiture, butnow ask-
ing to have the full benefit of the improvement of
white settlements ? The Indians have no right to
ask it. I do not desire to see any hardships prac-
ticed towards the Indians. I want justice done
to them in the fullest measure; but to pay them
$1 25 an acre is doing full justice, while at the
same time we subserve the general interest of the
Federal Government. *
Mr. KING. There is one point which the
Senator from Missouri suggests in this case which
is unquestionably an important one; and if it
could be/ully sustained as he understands it to
be, it might, perhaps, technically forfeit the rights
of these Indians; but I call the attention of the
Senate, and I desire them to look at this matter
fairly, tQ see whether the view which he presents
is the correct one. He states that these Indians
have had the notice, and that their rights are for-
feited. That is the question which we are to pasa
upon. 1 do not so understand; indeed, I under-
stand it rs not so at all. By the provisions of the
treaty, by the communications made verbally and
otherwise to the. Indians, by the commissioners
who negotiated it, by their universal understand-
ing, they were to have this notice from time to
I time. This Government desired them to go West,
! and were anxious to induce them to go, and the
I $400,(100 was to be used by this Government to
i aid them in going there. 1 suppose, at different
' times, those interested in the purchase of their
| land in New York, and others, have made efforts
to get them to go. What I say is, that no such
1 time as could fairly and properly be designated a
notice to these Indians, that they must go or they
| would foifeit their rights, has been fixed. '■Fhey
, have been requested to go, and urged to go. and
] have not all gone. Some have gone, and some
{ have not; but there was no day appointed, in
j accordancc with the requirements of the treaty,
| within which tliey mustgo or forfeit their rights,
\ and therefore theie has been no forfeiture, for the
■ terms of the treaty in that respect have not been
complied with. Nor was there any such inten-
! uon in the efforts which have been made to in-
duce them to remove. That conversational efforts
I hav0 been made by parties interested in their lands
in New York, is undoubtedly true; but that is not
the notice of the treaty, by any means; nor is it
the appointment of a day which shall terminate
their rights under the treaty. No such day was
ever appointed by the President, and that, I be-
