THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
lieve* is not assumed by the Senator from Mis-
souri-; at any rate, the Indians allege that they
have never had any such notice, and there is cer-
tainly no evidence here of its ever having been
given; there is no proclamation of the President;
there is no action of the President on the subject.
The treaty required that a day should be ap-
pointed by the President; and'that not having
ieeVdone, I say the rights of the Indians have not
been terminated. As- to the mere matter of con-
venience of disposing of this question with these
Indi.ans, there is no doubt that treaties can be
made with them. As I have said, within a year
4x V&o past, with one oPthese tribes a treaty has
been-made which is*a perfect acknowledgment of
-the right of the Indians; and that tribe has sold
its portion of the lands to the United States, and
a bill was presented to us to-day from the 'House
to make provision for thfe payment of the money.
That is the proper and the honorable mode of dis-
posing of the question, and there will be no diffi-
culty in doing it with all the rest of the Indians,
and -saving the rights of all parties. From my
Irfiowiedge of the parties, I am sure there need be
bo difficulty in inducing them to do that; but
^■whether that be so or not, it is an obligation of
•the United States to do that under treaty, and the
Indians have the right to ask that their rights,
tinder the treaty, whatever they are,shall be com-
plied with.
"I will not tak« up the time of the Senate by
heading the long preamble of the treaty which sets
forth the fact that these Indians had purchased
•with their own means, apprehending the accumu-
lation of white people would compel them to seelc
other lands for their hunting grounds, a right to
live with the Menomonees; and by an arrange-
ment with the United States, at a period anterior
to 1838, this right, thus purchased by these In-
dians, was arranged, and the New York Indians
were given live hundred thousand acres of land in
the neighborhood of Green Bay. At the time the
New York Indians obtained these five hundred
thousand acres, they were in a wild country,
comparatively Valueless. Matters stood in this
way until the lands at Green Bay became valua-
ble and desirable for settlement. Then the United
States, in 1838, made another, treaty with these
Indians, and gave them lands further west. In
1838, when the treaty wa« made, their five hun-
dred thousand acres of land in the neighborhood
of Green Bav would have sold in the market for
four times what the lands which the Indians ob-
tained for it would have sold for. They exchanged
at a great disadvantage, so far as value in the mar-
ket was concerned, though, perhaps, the western
lands were more useful to the Indians if they
would have gone there. Thus the Indians paid
foY this interest; it was not a gift or gratuity by
the United States to them.
As i said before, this matter turns, to some ex-
tent, on the fact whether a formal notice, an ap-
pointment of-a day that the Indians might under-
stand that they must proceed to occupy this land
or would lose their rights, has ever been given.
According to my understanding—and that is the
understanding of the commissioner who nego-
tiated the treaty, and who is here—no such no-
tice has ever been given. ThatefForta have been
made, from time to time, to get them to remove, I
am aware; but that is not the notice of the treaty,
winch was, to forfeit their rights unless they com-
plied with it.
Mr. GREEN. 1 shall not consume time. I
shall ask for the yeas and nays on the proposition
of the Senator from New York, and will, in the
mean time, remark that the treaty does not say
that the notice given to the Indians to remove
shall, at the same time, contain anything like a
warning that if they do not go they shah forfeit
their rights, because that notice is contained in
the treaty to which they are a party. The treaty
to which they are a party, says they shall go;
and says if they do not go when notified, they
shall forfeit their rights. They were notified time
and again, and efforts made to get them to go.
No other notice was required.
Mr. KING. What evidence have you of that?
Mr. GREEN. The Commissioner of Indian
Affairs.
Mr. KING. The treaty requires that a time
shall be appointed for their removal. No such
time has been appointed. Efforts have been made
from time to time to procure their removal, but
no time has ever been appointed within which
they must go. That is the point.
Mr. GREEN. The treaty does not say he shall
limit the time within which they shall go, or else
forfeit their rights. The third article of the treaty,
which the Senator has just read, contains no such
provision; but it does say they must go when
notified; and if they do not go upon being noti-
fied from time to time, they shall forfeit their
rights; but we do not claim a forfeiture, and I ex-
pressly said I would do no harm to the Indian
because he is an Indian. I would protect his
rights if he has rights. Even if he forfeits his
rights, I would treat him as a minor, and take care
of him as a guardian would of his ward; but this
is doing justice to the Indians and doing justice
to the whites.. We must protect the rights of
both classes when they are thrown together in the
community. There is another question that might
have been raised, which has not been raised; and
that is, whether the few who did emigrate were
not entitled to claim the whole grant; but yet a
close examination of that will show that it was
given to them in gross to hold as tenants in com-
mon; and that if any of them did not go, they for-
feited; which proves that those who did go would
only take their prorata share, so that that diffi-
culty is entirely overcome. 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I regret exceedingly that it
becomes my duty to speak to the Senate under
circumstances so unpropitious to a favorable hear-
ing, and at so late an hour* I have been an atten-
tive listener to this debate, for the reason, as I am
conscious that I bear an especial responsibility in
regard to the subject. But I have noticed that
there have been only two other listeners on this
side to those who have spoken on the other side
of the Chamber. So on the other hand, my hon-
orable colleague, [Mr. King,] when he spoke, had
two auditors on the Democratic side of tlie Cham-
ber, the honorable Senators from Missouri and
Arkansas, [Messrs. Green and Sebastian,] and
no more. It is impossible for the Senate, at ten
o'clock in the night of the last day of the session,
after such labors, fatigues, and distractions, as we
had for the last week, to give the attention due to
a subject so interesting and important as this is.
It is important to the people of the Territory of
Kansas, where property may be deeply afFected
by the result.
But there is another party which has a deep
interest in the matter, while it has also peculiar
claims on the consideration of the Senate of the
United States. The Six Nations—the New York
Indians, as they are called in this bill—were,
when this continent was discovered, the third
Power in the scale of aboriginal development in
this hemisphere. After the Aztecs, whom Cortez
subjugated, and the Peruvians, whom Pizarro
enslaved, came the Six Nations of New York
Indians, who, though they have at last become
dependents on the United States, yet were never
conquered. They were the Mohawks, theOneidas,
the Cayugas, the Onondagas, and the Senecas,
to whom were added, by annexation, so late as
1710, the Tusearoras. '.They maintained repub-
lican government in the several tribes, and they
had discovered and adopted the Federal system
long before the British colonies—which afterwards
perfected this system, and established thereby a
national unity of self-governing Cantons or States
—were planted. The Six Nations of New York,
barbarians and savages as they were, were, nev-
ertheless, the prototype of the United States.
Situated westward of the Hudson, and southward
of the great lakes, they had conquered and be-
come the masters of all the other Indian nations
eastward to the Atlantic ocean and westward to
the Mississippi, while they constituted the bar-
rier between the British colonies south of the St.
Lawrence and east of the Mississippi, and New
France, which lay beyond these borders. They
were early attached to the side of the English in
that long and equal strife for transatlantic, em-
pire maintained by the two great military Powers
of modern Europe—Great Britain and France.
The Six Nations fought in the armies of Aber-
cromhie, and Wolfe, and it is only justice to them
to confess that but for their sympathy, coopera-
tion, and aid, the French power, which was over-
thrown in 1763, might have been continued for
some indefinite period thereafter. They, there-
fore, were entirely our allies in the establishment
of our empire. Divided in the revolutionary war
between.the parental State and the colonies, they
nevertheless ultimately became entirely leassured
in their loyalty to the United States, and during
the subsequent Indian wars, and the war of 1812,
they were again faithful, brave, and constant
allies.
Mr President, I am sure that the Senate of the
United States will faithfully endeavor to maintain
good faith in the dealings of the nation with all
the aboriginal people yet precariously lingering
within our borders, and especially with people
having such a history and such claims as the
Six Nations. Nevertheless, the chance of even
such a friendly, fading people to obtain justice is
necessarily very small,'when only the form and
empty name of sovereignty remain to them, and
their claims are to be decided upon by the United
States, without appeal, the Indian having no repre-
sentative voice in the councils of the country.
Thosewho watch and waitfor the Indian landsare
abundantly represented here. But who watches
over and guards the rights of the Indians them-
selves ? No one. This bill, so deeply affecting
the rights of the Six Nations, passed through the
Senate at the last session, i suppose, on the mo-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, unquestioned by any one, and without
even the knowledge of the Senators from New
York. We were ignorant ofit, as indeed we might
well be; for there was no representative of the
Indians here or elsewhere to instruct us in their
rights or to warn us of their exposure.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator give way to
me for a moment?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
Mr. FOSTER. There are a very large num-
ber of bills that could be passed now in the last
hours of the session, which would be of great ben-
efit to individuals, and to the country. It seems
to me that a subject of this sort, which appears
likely to consume our time in debate, had better
be laid aside for a matter which will not occasion
debate, and which will certainly be very bene-
ficial. I am sorry to interfere with the gentle-
man's remarks; but I move, with his permission,
that this hill he laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.Stuart.)
The Senator cannot make that motion while the
Senator from New York holds the floor.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator does not give
way, of course I cannot make the motion.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 cannot give way for a mo-
tion to lay the subject on the table.
Mr. FOSTER. I appeal to the Senator to make
the motion himself; for it seems tome exceed-
ingly idle to spend our time here in debate, when
we ran pass a number of bills that will occasion
no debate.
Mr. SEWARD. I have already said that it is
with the utmost reluctance that I find myself
speaking at such a time, and under such circum-
stances; but the duty which rests upon me is im-
perative. Every one knows that I would main-
tain the rights and interests of the people of the
State of New York in this Hall to the last hour
of the last day of my existence; but I can ap-
peal to the Judge of all the earth for my sincer-
ity when I say that I would consent to be faith-
less first to the white men, my brethren of that
State, before I would be unjust to the Indians,
who are not constituents, but only clients, and
among the weakest clients, who rest their claims
upon my senatorial protection.
Mr. President, let me state now what has been
the course of this transaction. These Six Nations
of New York Indians removed from the banks of
the Hudson, decimated in numbers by wars and
conflicts by the side of their English brethren,
and finally were gathered into the western part of
the State, upon the banks of Lake Erie. There
the State had set apart for them a small reserva-
tion. Long before a steamboat appeared upon
Lake Etie, these Indians, half civilized, had dis-
covered that the fate of extermination was im-
pending over them. With great sagacity, they
saved from the provisions which had been made
for their support by the State of New York, as an
equivalent for the wide domain they had already
surrendered, sufficient to enable them to go west-
ward to the banks of Lake Michigan, and there
to'purchase of their red brethren, the Menomo-
nees, a large tract of land for a future and ultimate
