1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
slave upwards, through vassalage and feoffment,
through the intei mediate grades of subordinate
tenures to the paramount lord of the land. Tins
was sovereignty; possession of the'soil; of the
domain; not emblematic merely, but an actual re-
duction of the estate of the subject to the King-; to
the one powerful land monopolist—despot. The
more general and successful this absorption, the
pore general and complete the slavery; and every
infraction of the law, and every casual exception
thereto, has been a corresponding advantage, im-
mediate-and positive, to the enslaved. To guard
against popular independence, and to confirm the
supreme power forever, barriers against the return
of their estate to the people were erected by stat-
utes of mortmain and quia emptors; and the re-
quisite machinery for {securing land to the titular
lord wns invented and applied in the laws of en-
tail. The allodial teniae, or title independent of
the throne, disappeared; and the concentration of
all title in the prince completed, at length, the
scheme of popular servitude. Such was the sys-
tem of oppression, imported from the northern,
gradually into every part of Europe, where right
was tu be oppressed, or wrong to be established—
a system dependent upon the removal of the land
from the approach of labor, and its degradation
to the monopoly of power. However successful
its introduction among the Saxons, it is evident
that their innate love of liberty directed against it
a constant resistance. The struggle has not yet
'ceased. An intuition ofliberal principles pervacjes
every part of the common law—that astonishing
monumental code of the traditional progress of the
Saxon mind from feudal error towards the true
basis of popular liberty. Indeed, the distinguish-
ing characteristic of this race from all others is its
avidity for land. Prompted by this superior love,
they are insatiate m its pursuit; not so much in
the spirit of accumulation as for the sovereignty
it represents—a sovereignty not of concentration
on the throne, but of distribution among the p£o-
ple, the smallest landed possession of each of
whom, long since, was recognized as the true pop-
ular citadel, 111 the maxim incorporated into their
laws, that "a man's home ibhis cabtle." Upon this
principle depends the vitality of constitutional lib-
erty; and the degree of its prevalence marks ac-
curately the progress made by popular right..
It may thus be perceived how man's happiness
consists in his admission to bis original rights m
the soil, and in the enjoyment of the fruits of his
labor; and how, in exact proportion as those
rights have been enforced, has the liberty of the
race been enlarged. This great truth does not de-
pend upon the force of an argument. No history
is there of a peuod, ho v. ever remote, or of a peo-
ple, howeverobscuie, that does notattestit. The
land tenures which afflict Kurope are traceable
uniformly, through th<-  mazes of feudal fictions, to
the lord paramount. Opposed as is this tenure to :
the allodial or popular tenure—that true represent-
ative of the right of each m a separate allotment
of land—yet, whenever and wherever its exclu-
siveness has been expanded by the introduction
of additional xvprcsentativos of the soil, has also
been observed a corresponding mclioriauon of the
condition of the race. There is a veiy marked
difference between the individual rights enjoyed
by the Englishman of the days when Gurth was
born thrall to Cednc the Saxon, and those Se-
cured to the Englishman of to-day; when, with a
population of something more than two hundicd
and twenty-five to the square mile, one in every
four hundred and twenty of the inhabitants of
Great Britain is aland owner. A rapid compari-
son of the relative liberty extended to the subjects
of the principal Crowns of Europe, and of their
landed investitures, will result 2n the same con-
clusion. I presume that it will not be "disputed,
thdt nowhere m Europe is the type of the abso-
lute idea mare strongly defined than in Russia, j
And it is precisely here that we discover that the !
largest proportion of the population is excluded ;
from the land, save, indeed, as piedial slaves. In 1
the sparse population of but a fraction over twen- ;
ty-eight to the square mile, but one in seventy-'
three is endowed with the smallest landed inter-
est. In Austria the proportion is more generous,
a population there of nearly one hundred and
forty-two to the square mile affording apropne- i
tary interest to one in aboutevery forty.
Notwithstanding thst the rei&n of Louis Na-
poleon is an unmitigated despotism, it is the "off-
spring of the unnatural condition, of the politics
of France, in subjection to the will of one power-
ful mind. Its Government is elective, and the
voice of the people, perverted by artifices as it
m'ay be, has here a more positive expression than
elsewhere in Europe. AH that is wanting to its
just expression is the opportunity of education in
the principles of government; and this is being
afforded now by the multiplication, since the rev-
olution, of the proprietors of the soil. With a
population of nearly one hundred and seventy-
three to the square mile, one in every eight is a
proptietor of land. Peihaps the most sinking
^lustration of the principle contended for is pre-
sented by Ireland—a country whose servitude has
ht>en truly and generally gauged and appreciated.
There, with the same population to the square
mile which occupies Great Britain, only one in
six hundred and eighty is admitted to an interest
in real estate. It is unnecessary to prosecute the
inquiry into -more mtnute details. In the same
tabular comparison of freedom to the individual,
and of his admission <to the soil, rank- the Gov-
ernments of Russia, Austria, Ireland, England,
and France, each, from the last, impressed with
a more decided oppression of us suhjects, and
with their more rigid exclusion from us domains.
Tlie monopoly of the lands of the Ilomagna by
six proprietors, accounts for and increases the
abject character of Italian servitude; and if to this
is added the statement that the proportion of land
owners m the whole of Europe, to its population,
is but one in every twenty-one, and that their pro-
portion to the population of the* United States, is
as one toevery three anil nineteen one hundredths,
the equal difference between the liberties of the
twocontinentsexemplifies, with irresistible effect,
the proposition that the freedom of a Government
and of its institutions is in exact proportion to
the fee title of the people in the soil which they
occupy.
It is to be remembered hero that this compara-
tive statement proceeds upon the assumption of
but one tenure of lands—the feudal tenuie—the
one most unfavorable to individual development.
But the prevalence in the United States of the
allodial tenure is, in itself, full admission of the
necessity there is of access to land for the pres-
ervation of the independence of the race. By this,
the entirety of the estate is conferred on its pos-
sessor. It it with him 111 full sovereignty—undi-
vided, unrestricted. With it, the panoply of the
citizen's investiture is complete and invulnerable.
Without it, the inalienable and sovereign rights
of the person are exposed and endangered. > On
this combination of imprescriptible personal right,
with an allodial right to land sovereignty, rests
the whole theory, and depends the perpetuity of
America*! freedom. And the more nearly our
practice approaches this theory, the more con-
gruous become the various elements of our po-
litical existence; the more extensive the participa-
tion of our population in the soil, the surer and
broader and deeper-laid will be the foundations of
our Government. Sim pi y then, sir, as an expe-
dient of wise statesmanship, should we so order,
that oui unappropriated domains be distributed in
proper proportions among our landless citizens.
But, whether it were wise or not, the land is
theirs; and there is no justice in the attempt to
withhold it 1'iom them. Not an acre of land was
th^re originally ceded by any of the original
States, that was not limited (or the use and ben-
efit of the United States then, or in prospect," and
for no other use or purpose whatever." And all
the lands since acquned, whether by purchase or
conquest, range indisputably within the same
broad trust. It admits, therefore, of no cavil that
the public domain is what it of right ought to be
—the property of the people of the United States,
to be used and disposed of for their benefit indis-
criminately.
There is, however, sir, another view of which
this subject is capable, and inferior to none of
those derived from discretional considerations. It
has, within a few years, come to be questionable
what solution awaits that fearful problem in self-
governmentin process of construction by the large
cities of the land. The penetration and conse-
quent connection of the most distant regions of
country by railroads is hastening population into
commercial centers. Rapid as has, in conse-
quence, been the growth of lar^e villages, the
usual evils of a crowded population have kepi pace
with the increase. When, therefore, we reflect
that full one quarter pari of the whole population
of the Union dwells in our citio.s and villages, we
shall be at no loss to measure the extent of their
aggregate corruption and depravity. There, as
into a common reservoir, flow constant* supplies
of vice from the moral wastes of the land. Thither
hasten the scheming speculator, the artful im-
postor, the knave, all promiscuously buffeting the
angry sea of conflicting interests ahd contributing
to the seething fermentation of passion and of
crime. Such the orgies whose lurid light pene-
trated even the darkened visual chamber of him
whose inspiration portrayed, in never-dying num-
bers, the reign of vice:
u Iu Itixuiiou.s citics, wiiere the noise
Of riot ascends above their loftiest towers,
And injury, and'outrage : and when nigiu
Darkens the streets, then wander forth the sons
Of Belial, flown with insolence and wine."
Crime is increasing at a fearful rate throughout
the land. Its refuges arc maintained amid-pop-
ulous throngs, and our cities are its sanctuary.
To stay its devastating tide, they must be depleted
of their teeming population; and, to this end,
inducements should he offered to those who barely
survive" the confinement of citics, upon a scanty
pittance, to seek for the health and competence
which the open country promises. The distribu-
tion of limited quantities of arable land to these
would materially contribute to the desired object.
Nor least, sir, among the national benefits to be
anticipated from such a measure, would be the
piactical appropriation, by the equitable benefici-
ary, of a domain, now in the process of division
among land speculators and jobbers. This class,
under pretext of public improvements, and the
national benefits projected by railroads, have al-
ready appropriated to their own uses more than
thirteen million acres of the public domain, and
are still importuning the public ear for additional
gratuities. Year after year the dint of their so-
licitation is applied; and each year records its suc-
cessive appropriation. Manifold are these attrac-
tions, both to public speculator and to private mo-
nopolist. A vast extent of prolific lands, rank with
vegetation and teeming with life; there they he;
the huge Promethean liver of the body politic;
ever increasing under the ravenous appetite of the
vultures that prey upon them. Away with it, ye
erudite doctors of the national health, and restore
it to those functions of nutrition for which nature
designed it. So shall the plunderer be eluded, and
the people be endowed with their own.
I have thus, sir, endeavored to prove the justice
of a land distribution law by the natural title of
every man to that portion of land necessary'to
his subsistence; by the necessary and intimate
relation of land cultivation to his temporal pros-
perity, and his political independence; by his de-
pendence upon a predial title for social elevation,
moral attainment, and civil sovereignty; and by
the certain relief from the inexorable results of
increasing crime and public coiruption which it
promises. I will now proceed to the proof that
the proposed allotment will conduce immeasur/-
ably to the material wealth of the country, and
to its agrandizement in power and glory. It is to
be piemised, however,that the period assumed is
ten years for the results here claimed. I believe
that it is an incontestable fact, that of the vari-
ous nationalities that compose our population, the
native is of most permanent location, i do not
mean by this that it is least affected by the tides
of emigration. Perhaps no people are more ac-
cessible to our adventurous mobility than the
American. This, however, is to be understood
only of the scions of families, and not of the
families themselves While characteristic enter-
prise leaves no region unexplored by American
youth, an equally characteristic stability attaches
the aged to the home scenes of their early endur-
ance and trials. Oil the other hand, it may be
asserted with equal truth, that the tendency of
the whole of our foreign population is to migra-
tion; to a continuance of the emigrating effort
which lands them on our shores, until it shall
have brought them to those agricultural regions
most attractive to their taste, and best adapted to
their habits. Not that necessity and want do not
force thousands upon the scanty and precarious
livelihood of our large cities and towns, but that
when relieved by the ^ree proffer of a homestead
at the West of the restraints of their limited means,
those who now congregate, under the pressure of
