1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
possession of Mexico and Cuba, is worth our
while. If we can get the trade, without the peo-
ple and without the countries, it will be vastly
beneficial. The mere postal matter, the mail
matter, is of but little consequence; but it is of
great importance to establish a constant and cer-
tain communication betwixt the United States
and those .countries.
Now, we have just passed, by a large vote, an
appropriation of immense amount for California
communication. It is called intercommunication;
but there is infinitely more ocean to be passed to
communicate with California than to communi-
cate between the United States and Cuba. All
this thing about the distinction between inter-
postal and oceanic postal communication is, to
my mind, mere verbiage—it amounts to nothing.
The steamers that communicate with California,
traverse more neutral ocean than those that com-
municate with Europe. It is a mere idea; and
although, at the last session, there was a law
passed to.make the distinction, that law was a
mere obiter dictum—a distinction, in my estima-
tion, which amounted to nothing.
What we want is to establish political and com-
mercial relations with these countries, and this
communication betwixt Charleston and Havana,
isj in that point of view, of the utmost import-
ance. The amount asked is a very smail one in
comparison with what we have granted for other
routes. 1 have voted cheerfully for this route
around the Gulf of Mexico $120,4)00, for commer-
cial and political purposes. 1 suppose that every
letter that is carried by that route will cost for
the present, perhaps, twenty dollars; but what is
that? We have other views, greater views, broader
views, i do not know what the letters will cost
between Charleston and Havana, but I know this:
if that line is broken up, the immediate commu-
nication between this country and Cuba is at an
end. Now, 1 say again, I do not desire the con-
quest of Cuba. I doubt very much whether the
annexation of Cuba would be of any value to us;
but the commerce of Cuba is of immense value,
and this is the way to gain that commerce. It is
on that account that I think we should make'this
appropriation to keep up this communication
with that island.
Mr. PUGH. I voted against the first of these
incongruous amendments; but, as the Senate
have concluded to make this an omnibus bill,
I only wish to give a reason why I shall vote for
this proposition. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire comes too late with his objection. The
Senate to-night, or just before the recess, did pass
an amendment to a general appropriation bill,
making an appropriation of money in the nature
of a subsidy, to a line in the Gulf of Mexico. It
was advocated by the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Benjamin,] the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Shields,] and others, on the ground that it
was going to aid us in acquiring an influence over,
and the control of, Mexico. Now, I am very
anxious to acquire an extensive influence over
Cuba. I should like to bring it entirely within
our reach; and on that account I shall go for this
amendment. I hope the friends of the acquisition
of-Cuba will go for it.
The question 'being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 8; as follows:
\TEAS—Mesprs. Allen, Bayard, BpII, Benjamin, Bit-'ler,
Bright, Brodenck, Brown, Chesnut. Clark,Coliamer, Davis,
Dixon, Duolitlle, lJurkee, Fitzpatnek, Foot, Fostei, Green,
Gum, Ilumlin, Hammond, Hail.in, Houston, Ivor^on,
Jones, Kennedy, Lane. Mallory, Polk. Pugli, Reid, Rice,
Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Waid, Wilson, and Yulee—JJ9.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay, Fes^enden, Hale. Iluntei, John-
son of Tennessee, Suunt, Toombs, and Trumbull—8.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed; and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time and passed.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now ask the Senate to take
up what is called the light-house bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to taking up that bill.
It is not the ordinary light-house appropriation |
bill. It is a new bill, with new sites, according to i!
its own provisions, and can be passed upon at j!
some future time. It proposes the erection of new h
lights, provided there is a ceding of juusdiction
hereafter. This can be done just as sveii twelve ;{
months hcnce as now. It has not been submitted
to the Light-House Board at all,if lam correctly
informed. Has it?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think not. I believe it is not
recommended by them at all. As you have a
Light-House Board to decide upon all these ques-
tions, you should let them do it. The great dif-
ficulty we have got now in most portions of this
country is, that we have got lights in such num-
bers that thejr absolutely obstruct navigation.
We have not time to proceed with that bill now,
and I object to taking it up.
Mr. HAMLIN. I can assure the Senator that
he is laboring under a mistake. This bill passed
the House at the last session of Congress. It
came here on the last night of that session, and
by great effort I have finally got the floor for the
purpose of submitting a motion that the- bill be
taken up. It was reported by the unanimous ap-
probation of the Committee on Commerce at the
last session. I cannot say that the chairman of
that committee approved of it also. He reported
the bill. We had a conference with the commit-
tee on the part of the House. They appeared
before us. Most of the items of the bill are rec-
ommended in the estimates from the board direct.
We were told by a member of that committee,
who came bcfoie us, that the bill itself had been
submitted to the Light-House Board, and by the
Li^ht-House Board approved. I hope the Senate
will take it up.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have only to say that this
is no way to bring a recommendation before the
Senate. The Senator rises to make that state-
ment, when I said that he had not that recom-
mendation. I spoke in language befitting the
occasion, that he had no authority for the recom-
mendation of the Department. The idea that a
member from the other House can come here and
say a bill has been submitted to the board, and,
according to the opinion of that member, had the
sanction of the Department, I think is going a
little further than ever I knew before on a recom-
mendation. Even the Light-House Board itself
cannot make a recommendation, except through
the Treasury Department. Here is a bill appro-
priating about two hundred and forty-seven thou-
sand dollars. Many of the items contained in it
appropriate for new works. It has been recom-
mended by the committee, and I think wisely,
that, in the erection of new lights, we shall not
erect one without submitting it, and getting the
recommendation or the report of the Light-House
Board. They must go there. The statement of
the Senator amounts, neither directly nor indi-
rectly, to a recommendation by the board of such
bills. 1 think we should not take up such a bill
at this time of night, when it appropriates almost
entirely for new works and new lights, without
Senators knowing anything about them. U wili
be substituting very unwise and ill-judged legis-
lation for wise and prudent legislation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The'question
is on the motion submitted by the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HAMMOND. I should like to understand
a little more about this bill before I am called upon
to record my vote. The new Light-House Board,
which introduced an entirely new system, have
dispensed with the sperm oil to a very consider-
able extent. Last year the Senator from Maine
made an attack upon this board, with a view to
break them up, as I understood. Now, I do not
know what is the nature of this light-house bill.
If it is an attack upon that board; if itis an attack
dictated by the sperm-oil interest, I am opposed
to it; but if this measure is approved by the board,
I wiil go for it. 1 would like to know exactly
what it is, and how far it conforms to the recom-
mendation of the new board.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state to the Senator that
it is not recommended by the board or the De-
partment itself, as I understand it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Me-isn. Bayard. Bell, Benjamin, Bioderiek,
Brown, Cameron, Clark, Collamer. Crittenden, Di&ou,
Doohule, Duikre, Fe&senden. Foot, Foster. Gvvm, Hale,
Hamlin, Harlan, Kennedy, King, Peaice, Seward, Sim-
mons, Stuart, Trumbull, \Vade, and Wilson—28.
NAYR—Messrs.']*right, Chesnut. Ctav/Cltn'gmati, Davis,
Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Hammond, Houston, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jones, Polk, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian, and Toombs—20.-
. So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate*
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded, to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 550) making- appropri-
ations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &o.,
and providing for the erection arid-establishment
of the samo, and for, other,purposes. ■
Mr. PUGH. I move to amend the bill by add-
ing the following—:— -
Mr, CLA.Y. Before the Senator - offers that
amendment, I have an amendment which I am
instructed by the Committee on Commerce to
offer. '
Mr. PUGH. This is an immaterial one. I
do not think the Senator will pbject to iti r It is
to add:
Jlnd be it further enacted} That so mnch of tb« act ap-
proved August 18, 1826, as authorized the Secretary of the
Treasury to discontinue the light at Port Clinton, in Port-
age bay, Ohio, be, and the same is hereby, repealed,
I will state' that that light was suppressed in
the bill passed in 1856, which was not read here,
or brought to the attention of my colleague or my-
self. The board have since continued the light,
upon representations satisfying them, I think sub-
stantially, that it was a mistake. I have been in
the place since that, and I'know that the harbor
is of considerable importance, and the light should
be continued.
The amendment was agVeed to.
Mr. CLAY. I am instructed by the*Commit-
tee on Commerce to move the following amend-
ment: Strike out all of section three, after the
enacting clause, in the following words:
" That the following light* are authorized, at the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, to be discontinued,
namely :
"Pro?pect harbor, Beauchamp po|nt, arfd Kennebtthk
pier, Maine.
£: MispiHion, Delaware.
" Smith's Point, Virginia.
u Two overall beacons, Charleston, South Carolina.
" Point Gammon, Massachusetts, on the completion of
the light-house and exhibition of the light now in course
of construction on the Bishops and Gierke."
And insert, in lieu thereof:
That thp Secretary of the Treasury be, arvd he is hereby,
authorized, in his discretion, to discontinue, frOm timo to
time, such lights as jmay become useless by reason of the
mutations of commerce, and changes of .channels pf har-
bors, and other causes.
Mr. RJJGfH. I hope that amendment will not
be adopted. I am sorry to differ with my friend
from Alabama; but it seems-to me an amazing
proposition that the Secretary of the Treasury
should be invested with such an absolute power
to regulate the courses uf- trade everywhere. It
is left to his discretion, upon such information as
he may choose to accept, to exclude the benefit of
the system from any harbor of the United States
forever. The whole lights of the country are at
the mercy of the Secretary. If any of these lights
become insufficient,and are reported to Congress
as unnecessary, I should feel very happy to dis-
continue thenr, but certainly we should not vest
in the Secretary of the Treasury, or any other
officer, such a power as this.
Mr. CLAY. The reason for offering thatvan|end-
ment is simply this: It has happened repeatedly
during this session, and during former sessions
of Congress, since i have been a member of the
! Committee on Commerce, that applications have
i been made to Congress, by memorial or other-
i wise, to discontinue certain lights, and sometimes
j to substitute other lights in their stead; because,
1 in consequence of the changes produced in the
' channels, these lights, instead of being guides to
; lead, have often misled the vessels trading to those
; several poits. Hence, u has been recommended
! to discontinue them. Now, I could cite several
j instances where we are paying for lights at diflfer-
i ent points that are utterly useless,and worse than
i useless. They mislead the mariner; and it has
I been thought advisable to invest the Secretary of
1 the Treasury with this power. I cannot suppose
' that any Secretary of the Treasury would abuse
'■ rt to the prejudice of commerce; and that he would
i only exert it where it was necessary to aid, instead
; of to obstruct commerce. 1 trust the amendment
| will be adopted. There was no dissenting voice
in the Committee on Commerce; and, indeed, it
is accordance with the advice of the Department
that we make it.
Mr. HAMLIN, The chairman of the Cooi-
mittee on Commerce is in error when he makes
