THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
the Statement that there was no dissenting voice
in the committee. I opposed it myself, and the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] also
opposed it.
Mr. CLAY. I understood the Senator not to
be of>posiJ%it as an independent measure, though
he aid not approve of its being moved as an
amendment to this bill. Perhaps 1 misunderstood
him*.
Mr. HAMLIN. I opposed it as an independ-
ent -proposition, and I opposed it for another
reason: that it was unwise to add any amendment
to the bill; and 1 will state in a very few words
why I think it ought not to be adopted. First, it
is granting a power to the Department that may
be tyroogly abused. I would riot give a power
that may be abused. That is the first reason. The
second one is this: tl e Light-House Board having
been now in existence five or six years, and hav-
ing publis knowledge of all the lights in the coun-
try, have recommended to us specifically what
lights they ask power conditionally to discontinue.
Now, if,.in the progress of time and the mutations
of commerce, it shall be necessary to discontinue
ally other lights hereafter, they can report annu-
ally 'to Congress, and then annualiy that power
cfen be given them after, Jhey shall have made their
report. Nq wrong cari arise, and a system of
keeping up wrong lights cannot be carried to any
extent.
I want to say now,.to the Senator from Ala-
bama, that, in my judgment, he is wholly and
entirely mistaken in relation to the multiplicity of
lights. There are two classes of lights. There
are lights upon the coast, the improved Fresnel
lights, which are far-reaching, and are designed
to aid commerce at a long distance. There are
other lights, which are harbor lights, and which
are designed to aid the mariner, in dark and stormy
nights, to get into harbors of refuge. They are
not more frequent than commerce requires; while
the vessel is traversing the ocean, outside of the
laod_.and of the dangers of land, they would not
be necessary; but they are necessary as harbor
lights on dark nights, to guide the mariner in time
of storms.
Now, in all the history of it, in all the time we
have had this board, they have eiily recommended
the discontinuance of six lights. No, sir; tliey
have not done that. They only asked to hnvc
power to do that; and, on investigationtof each
case, I doubt if there is a solitary light they would
discontinue; and that is where they propose to
erect another light, which shall be a substitute for
it. The Senator is mistaken, when he supposes
these lights are not useful. They are of different
classes; and one i§ just as useful as the other.
I had hoped the Senate would take the bill as
it was, and pass it, and not send it back to the
House: If there are any other additional lights,
which should be discontinued between now and
another session of Congress, the Light-House
B6ard can report to us'; and, on examination of
their report, and the examination of our commit-
tee, ana our own consideration, we can then dis-
continue them. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted.
Mr. CLAY. I have no personal knowledge
upon the subject, but 1 ccrtanily have the author-
ity of the Light-House Board, as communicated
from the Secretary of the Treasury, Cor saying
what I have said, and the bill which I have pre-
sented, as an amendment, came from that board,
as 1 understand, through the Secretary of the
Treasury. I shall not amplify upon this subject.
I have suggested this amendment, and I think it
ought to be adopted.
Mr. BAYARD. With an amendment, I should
prefer the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Alabama, and that is a modification restrict-
ing the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, save on the recommendation of the Light-
House Board.
Mr* CLAY. I have no objection to that.
Mr. BAYARD. I think that will sufficiently
guard it. It is an administrative duty connected
with the general system, and 1 think general au-
thority had better be given in that shape. It will
be sufficiently guarded then. The Secretary of
theTreasury,on the recommendation of the Light-
House Board, will then have the authority. I
think that is a better substitute than for Congress
to enter fnto these details on appropriation bills.
1 move that amendment to the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ala-
bama has accepted that.
Mr. CLAY. I accepted that modification.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Light-House Board have
control of this subject now, except by this bill,
and it is very remarkable that Senators are pre-
pared to pass a bill of this character, unless they
want to do away with the Light-House Board.
The superintendency of these lights, I believe,
upon the Atlantic, is given to the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, and on the lakes it is given
to the engineer department, and you have got a
large body of men, costing very large sums of
money, to superintend this whole subject of lights,
whose business it is to attend to it every day, and
keep them up; but. this bill takes it entirely out
of their hands. If we are going to abolish the
Light-House Board, let usabolish it. Why keep
up such machinery as this ? They are people
who devote their attention to the subject. It is
supposed to be a very good substitute for your
own mode. If you choose, bring in a bill and
establish light-houses, if they approve of them,
under the superintendence of the Coast Survey,
or of the engineer department, upon the lakes.
That is the provision of the bill.
Now, as to the case the Senator speaks of,
there is no such instance. The board say this,
by the report of the Committee on Commerce,
that, by the law, as they understand it, they can-
not alter lights. I recollect one case from mem-
ory, for it is nearly a year ago since thi3 question
was before us. 1 recollect one instance in the
harbor of Charleston, South Carolina, the chan-
nel of which had filled up. It cannot be navigated
at all; but the lights are placed there by law, and
the board cannot -change them. They have got
another one called, I think, Moffat's channel.
This bill, I think,provides for both lights. Ithas
becomc important to haveanother light there, ow-
ing to the shifts and changes of the bar. One
light leads to ruin, and the other to safety, and
they cannot change them; and therefore, on our
coast, if the channel is changed, or there has been
a change in a sand bar in a channel, we must keep
the light there in order to lead the mariner into
destruction. That is what they are. The board
have given specific cases. That is one, I recol-
lect well, which was in the official report of the
Light-House Board.
It seems to me that there is not one particle of
necessity for this bill. We have got a body of
men whose sole duty it is to attend to this sub-
ject of light-houses. It should be left to them,
unless you act upon the principle of the Senator
from Maine. He says he will not leave a dis-
cretion where it can be abused, and that is cer-
tainly that he will never give it to any one. There
never was a man yet, who had power to do right,
who might not abuse it and do wrong, and there-
fore he will .never give the power at all. Unless
we act upon this principle, I do not see why
we should give this discretion. I cannot see any
possible motive or inducement of any sort upon
earth for abusing it. Is it dangerous to give power
to the Secretary to discontinue a light, if it led a
ship on to rum ? It is amazing to me that such a
proposition should meet any objection at all.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have but a word to say. It is
true, in the sixth section of this bill, it provides
" thatif preliminary surveys are required to ascer-
tain the necessity for any light-house, or other aid
provided for in this bill, or to determine the proper
site for the same, or to ascertain more fully what
the public exigency requires, the Secretary of the
Treasury," who is at the head of the Light-House
Board, who has control of it, who is the officer
who speaks, " shall cause the necessary examin-
ations and surveys on the sea-board to be made,
under the direction of the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey," not because he has got a force all
along the coast, but because ho has just the man to
do it without one additional dollar of expense to
the Government, instead of sending another corps
under the Light-House Board and getting addi-
tional pay. Then it says that "those on the
northwestern lakes shall be under the bureau of
topograhical engineers." Why topographical en-
gineers? Because they are able to do on the lakes
what the Coast Survey is doing on the Atlantic
coast. They are surveying.
Now, sir, I cannot see any objection to this,
unless you want an additional corps of men, and
pay them under this Light-House Boaid for this
service. They have notgot men to make the sur-
veys. The board is very limited in number—but
five or six. They have got agents in different
States, and I think no more than are necessary.
That is the reason of the thing, and J think it ia
very reasonable and very just.
Mr. TOOMBS. The reason the Senator from
Maine gives is a delusive one. It is not a true
one in this case. They put it in there, because
a large portion of the coast of the United States
has been surveyed. There is no corps of the
coast survey there at alt. Itisdone; it is finished;
and they have not got the men. They say they
have finished a large portion of the Atlantic coast
On the lakes, have you got a corps of engineers
at every point of land upon which these light-
houses are to be placed ? Does the Senator say so?
You have got some people there surveying the
harbors and the coast; and you may have them
at this particular point, or this particular lake. I
presume the Senator speaks without sufficient in-
formation. At all events, I have not got any evi-
dence of the fact. I know we have got people
surveying on the lakes. I do not know the place
where you want to put a light-house. I know
you have, according to your Coast Survey report,
finished" a very large portion of the Atlantic coast,
and therefore, there is nobody employed there;
but I do know that you have got a Light-House
Board to whom you commit all this great inter-
est. It is said to be very great. I do not know
whether it is so or not. At all events, the Gov-
ernment has trusted it there, and it is the proper
and appropriate tribunal for these questions. I
do not know the motive of taking it away from
there and putting it in somebody else's hands,
unless, perhaps, they have disapproved of this
bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have not said the Coast Sur-
vey, stretching from Passamaquoddy bay down
to the Gulf, and all along the coast, have a force
at every place where we want a light-house. I
have said no such thing. No such latitude could
be given to my language. I have not said that
there was a corps of topographical engineers on
the lakes. I have said that there was a Coast
Survey all along the coast. That any very con-
siderable portion of it is done is not true, as I un-
derstand it. What I did say was, that this Coast
Survey is a better body of men than you could
get anywhere to make surveys. Those that are
in the north will make them in the north, and will
have to go a little way off to make soundings.
Those that are in the center will be ordered to the
nearest points to make an examination and re-
port. So it will be on the lakes with the topo-
graphical engineers. Now, I affirm, in my judg-
ment, you cannot find two bodies of men better
qualified' to give correct information to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who is chairman of the
Light-HouseBoard, than those two bodies of men;
and, unless you want to send men on purpose all
the way from Washington to the northwest and
southwest, then, I say, let these men do it who
are engaged there performing the various surveys
to which I have alluded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is'on the amendment reported by the Senator from
Alabama from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PUGH. I desire to have the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to hear the amend-
ment read again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. PCJGH. I wish to show the Senator that
that amendment would be very mischievous.
This very act of 1856, for instance, which he re-
ferred to a moment ago,authorized the Secretary
of the Treasury to discontinue a light-house on
the'eastein side of the entrance to Cleveland on
the hill. All the sailors say that the lights along
the water line are delusive, and they want this
light back again; but although the Secretary and
the board have absolute power to put a light out,
they do not seem to have power to light it again;
and this very bill before the Senate now proposes,
as it came from the House, to authorize the Sec-
retary to set up that light again:
'• Sec. 7. Jindbcit farther cnacted, That authority is here-
by eiven to exhibit a light from the light-house tower on the
hill at Cleveland, Ohio."
This amendment authorizes the Secretary to
blow out every light in the United States, and
