1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gives no power to put them back; that is, it is
the same power, in the same words, given him in
special cases, and the board have decided that a
light once blown out, can never be relighted.
Now, if we wish to abolish the system, do it; I
have no objection, provided you give us a better
one; but while the system does continue, let us
have some responsibility. As for the Light-
HouseJ3oard, made up of Navy and Army offi-
cers, they are not responsible. g* •
Mr. DAVIS. I think the amendm^t a de-
cided improvement over the method of selecting
points where light-houses shall be maintained or
constructed by Congress. If we actadvisedly and
after full inquiry, it must result merely in the ex-
amination of the reports which go previously to
the board; so that at last it is but Congress assum-
ing to judge of that information which they derive
from the board; and I think when we take into the
account those errors which must naturally result
from local or other prejudice, that we would gen-
erally err whenever we differ from the report of
the board. This Light-House Board, composed
as it is of some of the first men of the country,
not drawn merely from the Army or the Navy,
as supposed by the Senator from Ohio, but from
civil life, always furnish us a safe guide on which
I think we may safely rely. The examinations of
the Coast Survey, thorough as they are—perhaps
more so now than any other conducted abroad or
at home—and those on the lakes, notbeing under
the same superintendent, but conducted by the
topographical engineers, who have been for a
number of years examining the coasts of those
lakes, until they have passed into the last one,
Lake Superior, will give all the information to the
board which will enable them to decide such ques-
tions. We have the revisory power, if the au-
thority conferred by that amendment should be
abused, it will remain for Congress to act upon
that abuse. I think it is a safe depositary, and
that we should not, by fixing a light at a partic-
ular locality,-continue to maintain it until a law
can be passed to abolish it, though the change of
the current should render it not only useless but
positively dangerous; a beacon, not to warn from
shoals, but to invite vessels coming into a harbor
to run upon what had been a channel, but now
had become a shoal, and must terminate in a
wreck.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen,.Bayard, Benjamin, Brown, Ches-
nut, flay, Chngman, Crittenden, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick,
Green, Gwin, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Polk,
Re d, Rice, Sebastian, Smith, Tooinbs, and Ward—29.
NAYS —Mes^is. Bright, Broderick, Chandler, Clark,
Dixon. Doolittle, Dou§la*, Dar-kee, Fessenden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Hamlin.Harlan. King, Pugli, Seward, Simmons, Stuart,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIG-LER. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer the following amend-
ment:
Thai the appropriation heretofore made for a light-house
at point Lobos be, and the same is hereby, reappropriated:
Provided, The United States has a perfect title to the site of
said light-house.
Mr. GWIN. I will state that the appropria-
tion was made several years ago; but the title to
the site of the light-house was disputed by a pri-
vate land claimant. It has been settled, and the
title is perfect now; and the Chamber of Com-
merce of San Francisco have sent on a memorial
in favor of the appropriation, and saying that it
ought to be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. As this bill is to go back to the
House, I move to add the following additional
section:
And be it farther enacted, That the following sums of
money be appropriated out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for securing and repairing the
works at the harbors herein named, to wit: At Conneaut,
Ohio, $3,020 ; at Ashtabula, Ohio, $6,690; at Grand River,
Ohio, $8,675 oo; at Cleveland, Ohio, '$26,143 15; at Black
river, Ohio, $16,940 96; which several sums of money shall
be expended under the direction of the Secretary of War.
These are the estimates sent it at the last ses-
sion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I raise a question of order
whether that amendment comes from a commit-
tee, or is in accordance with an estimate.
Mr. PUGH. I told the Senator that it was an
estimate sentin here at the last session. Bills
have been imported back by the Committee on
Commerce for these objects, and these are the very
sums reported in those bills upon the estimates.
The Senator's point of order is not well'taken.
They are all in pursuance of estimates. They are
the very sums estimated by the Department. This
bill contains two or three appropriations of that
character. Here they are:
" For repairing and securing the pier connected with the
light house at Oswego, New York, so as to prevent its de-
struction, $10,000."
That is nothing but repairing the work of a
harbor. That appropriation for Oswego harbor
was passed in a miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Here is another one :
That $5,000 be. arrd the same is hereby, appropriated to
repair the light-house at Vermillion, Ohio.
Now, these light-houses in these cases are part
of the harbors.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine raises a question of order, that this
amendment is not reported from a committee, nor
in pursuance of an estimate. These are questions
of fact.
Mr. PUGH. I say it is not the fact. They
are the estimates reported at the last session, and -
the Committee on Commerce reported back the
estimates. They are printed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think the gentleman
takes the point. No committee presents that
amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I did not say that any commit-
tee did.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am stating; the point. It is
this: whether a committee, having the estimates
sent to them, and they report another bill, author-
izes any member to move any portion of that bill ?
That is the point.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Georgia does
not understand it. The same objection was
raised on these propositions at the last session,
and decided. The Secretary did send these esti-
mates. I say the estimates were sent to the com-
mittee, and the estimates were reported back by
the committee. I do not care any more about
the committee -than that. I only state this to
show that the amendment is according to the es-
timates.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
states, if the Senator will allow him, that it is a
question of fact that can only be determined by
presenting the estimates.
Mr. PUGH. Well, sir, I will send for the doc-
uments. 1 will ask the Senator from Alabama,
as the chairman of the committee, where are these
estimates? They were read to the Senate at the
last session, when they were printed.
Mr. CLAY. I cannot produce the estimates;
but they were for the last year, not for the cur-
rent year. We have no estimates for the current
year for these works; hence I do not think the
amendment in order. A Senator might produce
estimates made five or ten years ago, and urge
them with equal propriety, it seems to me.
Mr. PUGH. I do not know that the question
of the estimates being for the current year is ma-
terial. I tried to make that point the other day,
and it was overruled. The Senator from Ala-
bama, the chairman of the committee, states the
facts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is stated by
the Senator from Alabama that the Secretary of
the Treasury reported estimates to Congress for
this appropriation. With that view of the sub-
ject, the Chair dccides the amendment to be in
order.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think the Senator from
Alabama has said exactly that.
Mr. CLAY. No; I stated that we reported the
estimates. I did not have them here, and could
not say whether they were the correct estimates,
or not. I have no recollection of them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
misapprehended the statement of the Senator.
Mi. CLAY. I stated that the Secretary did
not report estimates this year.
Mr. PUGH. I believe the Senator from Ala-
bama stated, when he reported these various bills,
that the committee directed him to report them
as the sums estimated for securing the works; that
it was not to cany on the works, and he put those
figures into the several bills. I have the bills
here just as the Senator reported them. I have
taken the figures from them. As to ihe point of
order, thoy are the estimates, and nothing else.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us take the question.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment. '
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected. ;
Mr. PUGH. I give notice that I shall offer it
in the Senate. _> • :
The bill was reported to,the Senate as amended,:
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read-a
third time. It was read a third time.
Mr. CLAY. I do not suppose there is a mem-
ber of the Senate, unless it oe of the Committee
on Commerce, who knows what the bill pro-
poses to appropriate. Now, it proposes to appro-
priate $246,307forcertainspecificpurposes. Then
there are several others. The amount of each
one is not specified in the bill; and I am not-able
to ascertain the amount. They merely propose
to reappropriate ^ums of money heretofore ap-
propriated. Altogether, I am sure, it is some
three hundred thousand dollars. Of thesfe seve-
ral items of appropriation, eighteen are for new
works; and of these eighteen new works, not
one, so far as I am advised, has been estimated
by any Department of the Government. They
do not come before us recommended, so far as I
am advised, by the Light-House Board. The
necessity for these works has not been ascer-
tained or declared either by the Light-House
Board, by the topographical engineers, the Coast
Survey, or any other department likely to ascer-
tain their importance. The bill, upon its face,
confesses that these works may not be necessary,
for in the sixth section it declares:
"Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That if preliminary sur-
veys are required to ascertain the necessity for any light-
house or other aid provided for in this bill, or to determine;
the proper site for the same, ortoascertain iHorefully \vhat
the public exigency requires, the Secretary of the Treasury'
shall cau<e the necessary examinations and surveys-oh the
sea board to be mad': under the direction of the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Stn vey, and those on the northwestern
lakes to he made under the bureau of topographical engi-
neers ; and, in all cases in which adverse reportsnre made,
they shall be submitted to Congress at its next session ; and
in all ca^es in winch the objects authorized are favorably-
reported upon, the works shall be commenced immediately
after valid titles and State jurisdiction shall have been ob-
tained to the sites."
Now, sir, there it appears patent upon the face
of the bill that those who passed it did not know-
that these were necessary works; that .they fSad
not been advised that they weve necessary; but
they make the appropriation in advance, and then
submit to the Coast Survey on the Atlantic and
the Pacific 6oasts, and to the bureau of topo-
graphical engineers on the lakes, to ascertain
whether they be necessary, I submit that this
is not the proper way to make appropriations.
We are making it a matter of ventuie at hap-
hazard. They may be necessary, or they-may
not be necessary.' During the last session, the
committee of which i have the honor to be chair-
man determined that they would make appro-
priations for no works of internal improvement
of any character which were new, but would con-
fine their appropriations to the repair of old works
in order to preserve them. All these, with the
exception of some t^jree or four, are new works,
and their necessity has not been ascertained, and
no estimate sent us by the proper Department.
Under all these circumstances, 1 cannot vote for
the bill; and I ask for the yeas and nays on its
passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not my purpose to delay
action upon the bill, but I am informed that those
appropriations for light-houses made without es-
timates are not only very often unnecessary, but
sometimes mischievous. They are made in places
where they do harm; and I think it'a very sate
rule to confine ourselves to the estimates of the
; Light-House Board, made through the Secretary
• of the Treasury.
j The question being taken by yeas and nays,
! resulted-—yeas 26, nays 24; as follows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Cameron, Chandler, Colla-
' mer, JDiXon,'Doolittle, Douglas, Duikee, Fessenden, Foot,
' Foster, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Kennedy, King,
: Pearce, Rice, Seward, Simmons, Smith, Stuart, Trumbull,
I Wade, and Wilson— 26.
| NAYS—Messrs Bayard, Bright, Brown, Chesnut, Clay,
1 Chrigman, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Houston, Hun-
ter, I verson, Johm-on ot Arkansas, John son of Tennessee,
I Jones, Mason. Polk, Pugh, Iteid, Sebastian, Toombs,
; Ward', and Yulee—24.
I So tiie bill was pas'sed.
