1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I«S
offices belonging to theUnited States, and occupied
by the collector of the revenue, in connection with
the quarantine station in the port of New York,
which certainly ought to be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maryland yield to the Senator from Ala-
bama ?
Mr. KENNEDY. I do, if the .bill is one that
will not be debated at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the Secretary is
looking for that bill, I call the attentiohaBpfefi Sen-
ate to a motion 1 made a few days sinceTto recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate ordered five
thousand extra copies of the CoastSurvey report
to be printed. I will simply ask, at tins late (lay,
that the question be put.
Mr. GREEN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then itcannot be
considered; and the question is on the motion of
the Senator from Maryland, to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 364) for the relief of Mary B. Dusen-
bery.
Mr. KING. That is a private bill ; and notice
has been given us that none of them will be signed.
Mr. JONES. I do not think that is so. It
will be signed, I have not a doubt.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
It directs that the name of Mary B. Dusenbcry
be placed on the pension rolls at the sum of thirty
dollars per month, to commence on the 3d of De-
cember, 1855, and continue for the term of five
years.
Mr. MASON. I must have reasons for that.
We know nothing about the bill.
Mr. KENNEDY. Do you wish the report
read?
Mr. MASON. I do not.
Mr. DAYIS. Does the Senator from Virginia
ask for an explanation of the bill ?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I will merely state, that
this is the widow of an officer who, after many
years of valuable service, was sent to New.Mex-
ico to take chargeofthe quartermaster's disburse-
ments in that Territory, on account of his well-
known zeal,integrity, and intelligence,and there,
in the performance of his duty, and, as is sup-
posed, on account of exposure incident to it, he
lost his life, zealously performing his duty up to
within four days of the time he died. This is the
application of his widow, who was left, as sol-
diers' widows generally are, without means for
an adequate support, that she may, have the half
pay of that officer asapension. That is the case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, lead the
third time, and passed.
NEW YORK QUARANTINE.
Mr. CLAY. I now ask the Senate to take up
the bill (S. No. 477) authorizing the removal of
the officcs belonging to the United States, and
occupied in the collection of the revenue, in con-
nection with the quarantine station in the port of
New York.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as m Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury,
whenever, in his judgment, it shall become neces-
sary, to sell all or any part of the lands in the
town of Castleton, Richmond county, State of
New York, now owned by the United States, and
occupied or used by the collector of the port of
New York, or his subordinate officers, for pur-
poses connected with the collection of revenue at
that port, and to erect the offices or other build-
ings necessary to be used at such revenue sta-
tions, on any other land in, or conveniently near,
the harbor of New Yoik, belonging to the United
States, now unoccupied, or which, in the opinion
ofthe Secretary of War, can properly be used for
this purpose; provided the expense of such re-
moval and new erection shall not exceed the sum
realized from the sale of the lands at Castleton;
and he is authoiized to apply such moneys to be
realized, or so much thereof as he shall deem-ne-
cessary for that purpose.
The Committee on Commerce repoited the bill,
with an amendment, to add to the second section:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued as authorizing the establishment of a quarantine^
station or Stations, or the erection of warehouses for the
reception of the cargoes of vessels m quarantine, without
the consent of the State in which the said quarantine and
warehouses may be established.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask if this is not a Senate bill ?
Has it ever passed the House ?
Mr. CLAY. It has not; but I suppose there
will be no objection to it in the House, and that
it will pass.
Mr. DAVIS. It has just been assigned, as a
reason why we should not act upon a Senate bill,
that it would be perfectly useless.
Mr. CLAY. This is a public measure, and
concerns the public at large and not individuals.
Hence it is different from a private bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to the bill)
and do not wish to interfere against its passage;
but still, if that was a good reason as to one bill,
I do not see why it should not apply to other
bills. ' "
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third >
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
JAMES COLLIER.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the bill for the
relief of James Collier, which was reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary this morning. It
is a House bill, and one of great merit, and ought
to pass.
Mr. FITCH. I appeal to the Senator from
Ohio to allow me to make some reports from the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. WADE. It will not take a moment to
pass this bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 780) for the relief of
James Collier.
Itdirectsthe Secretary of theTreasury to cause
to be paid to James Collier the sum of $9,580 27,
being for the amount (with its interest, at the rate
of six per centum per annum) found due from the
United States to him in a certain action tried and
determined in the circuit court of the United States
for the southern district of New York, second
circuit, held on the 30th of November, -1855,
wherein the United States was plaintiff and James
Collier was defendant, and in which action the
court, upon the verdict of a jury, certified that
there was then due from the United States to Col-
lier the sum of #8,110 29, and which proceedings
of the circuit court were afterwards affirmed by
the Supreme Court of the United States, at its
December term, 1857.
Mr. GREEN. There is only one point in the
bill which I wish to understand. The verdict
was for $8,110, and this bill is for something over
§9,000, and then allows interest on that sum be-
sides. Now, if it was for ^8,000, which is ac-
cording to the finding of the jury, together with
interest, I should go for it, although it was con-
curred m by a divided court in the Supreme Court.
I wish to have some information or explanation
on that point.
Mr. WADE. The bill merely gives him the
money which is dun him and which he paid out
of his own pockct.
Mr. GREEN. But this is interest on interest.
It does not calculate the interest in the usual way,
but, as I understood the bill, it gives him the
amount of his claim, and then interest on interest.
Mr. PUGII. The bill gives him $9,580, being
for the amount due him and interest at the rate
of six per centum from the time the United States
sued Collier in a certain action.
Mr. G-REEN. Then it includes no interest
from the date of the bill. The bill includes all
the interest calculated from the time of the verdict
of the jury.
Mr. PUGH. The whole amount is to be paid
by this bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
HUGH GLENN.
| Mr. LANE. I ask the Senate to take up the
! bill (H. R. No. 441) for the relief of the assignees
! of Hugh Glenn. The bill was first referred to
j the Committee oil the Judiciary, and then to the
I Committee on Claims, and by the Committee on
Claims reported. . I will give an explanation of
it, if the Senate desires it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury- to pay
to the legal assignees of Hugh Gii-tin, or their
personal representatives, the sum Of $6,97;l.26i in
full of a balance of a judgment certified by the
United States district courtfor the distriet.of Ken-
tucky, at the December terta, 1822, in favor of
Hugh Glenn, in a suit wherein the United States
was plaintiff and Hugh Glenn defendant; -that
sum having been assigned by Glenn, the assignees
filing with the Secretary good and sufficient eyir
dence of the assignment, and of present subsisting
title thereto. , .
Mr. GREEN. I call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. IVERSON. There is a report'of the Com-
mittee of Claims of the House of Representatives
on the bill, and the Committee on Claims of the
Senate adopted it.
The Secretary proceeded to-read the report of
the Committee of Claims of the House; but was
interrupted by the reception of a
MESSAGE' FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No. 893) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1860; and
A joint resolution (No. 34) amendatory of an
act entitled " An act to regulate the compensation
of members of Congress," approved August 16,
1856, so far as relates to such members as shall
die during their terms of service.
CONGRESSIONAL COMPENSATION.
Mr. PITCH. I trust the business before the
Senate previously will be suspended, in order that
action may be had upon the joint resolution, the
arrival of which has just been announced by the
message. It is merely to pay to the widows of
members their compensation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair h&irs
no objection; and the joint resolution will be read.
The House joint resolution- (No. 34) amend-
atory of the "Act to regulate the compensation
of members of Congress," approved August 16,
1856, so far as relates to such members as shall
die during their terms of service, wa'il read a first
and second time, by unanimous consent, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that whenever, hereafter, any per-
son elected a member of the Senate or House of
Representatives shall die after the commence-
ment ofthe Congress to which he shall be elected,
his compensation shall be computed and paid to
his widow; anil if no widow survive him, to his
heirs-at-law, for the period between the com-
mencement of his service and the time of hia
death, at the rate of $3,000 per annum; but m all
cases the compensation shall be computed and
paid for a period dflfcbt less than three months.
It further provides that the compensation of each
poison elected or appointed afterwards to supply
the vacancy so occasioned, shall, hereafter, be
computed and paid from the time the compensa-
tion of his predecessor is directed by this joint
resolution to be computed and paid. The pro-
visions of this joint resolution are to extend to
the widows or heirs-at-law of members elected to
the present Congress who have died since its
. commencement.
| Mr. FITCH. The Senate will perceive that
I the joint resolution simply provides for the pay-
j ment to the widow or heirs-at-law of the pro rata
I portion of the annual salary to which the member
; was entitled up to the time of his death, and that
1 the anionnt shall be deducted from his successor s
i salary, so that there is no additional expense at
i all.
i The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
POST OFFICE APRROPR1ATION BILL.
Mr. FITCH, (at half past twelve o'clock.) I
believe a new Post Office appropriation bill has
been sent here from the House. Am X correct?
