1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
palled into the river, examining the banks on either side to
see if there wore an5' mice- of a landing having taken place.
In pioceedmer up the livcrho observed the Catharine Maiia
at anchor, and, as he neaied her, perceived some petrous
011 boani with whom lie was acquainted. He immediately
went along.Nide 111 Ins own boat oply, and, going on board,
requested to be informed if they had heard, or had seen,
anything resembling maraudeis or filibusters in the neigh-
borhood.
In the first place, this prying British officer ex-
amines the banks minutely under instructions, to
see if there were any traces of landing.
Sir, supposing there had been traces of landing.
Supposing Captain Wainwright, you had found
that native-born American citizens had landed on
these shores, what, letme ask, did you propose to
do about it? Hunt them down and capture them ?
Sir, by what authority are these things tolerated ?
Instructed to inquire and search, to sec if any-
thing resembling marauders were on board Amer-
ican vessels, or had landed on this American soil.
Sir, who constituted these British gentlemen,
clothed with a little brief authority, judges to de-
cide whether or not American citizens, peaceably
pursuing their lawful business upon the common
highways of the world, were marauders? What
are marauders? They are plunderers, rovers in
search of booty, plunder. Who placed these gen-
tlemen in judgment upon the rights and liberties
of freemen ? When, I ask, were British men-of-
war, and British officers, under a British flag,
in British uniforms, panoplied with the power to
patrol American seas, board and search American
vessels, pry into the private character and busi-
ness of American citizens ?
Sir, I do not know how these proceedings strike
most members upon this floor, but, for myself, I
am bold to say, that they seem to me high-handed
usurpations of power and authority, of indignity
and outrage, not paralleled in the whole history of
this question of search. Sir, it is an espionage
upon the rights of American citizens winch should
not be tolerated.
The autocratic policy of England and -France
is now openly putting itself in the pathway of
American advancement. By the edict of the
French Emperor, an independent American State
has been extinguished. The Republic known as
the Dominican Republic (the western part of the
Island of Hayti) has been, by French interven-
tion, blotted out. Napoleon has declared that
the existence of this Republican American State,
was incompatible with the policy of negro suprem-
acy. No longer ago than.the 14th of December
las', wo find in the Counter de Paris, the follow-
ing threatening language in connection with ihe
idea of the Americanization of Central America:
" Emope, meanwhile, cannot tolerate the semblance of
such an enterprise. The same considerations which led
them to undertake the wai in the East exi-t heie with an
equal toice, and they ato sustained by motives of grneial
interest which there would be dancer in 'oi setting, liv her
situation Centtal America is destined to become the point
of the < oik entration of the oomtneicc of the world, and to
let the Untied State-? tfike po^es-ion of if would be to yield
to than the monopoly of the tutuie ti abactions between
Europe and the enuie Orient." * * * ' *
" li ha^ been said Iwrsomc days past tlu're k a piojeet for a
mixed monatcliy for the Island ot Cuba, and that of Poito
Itieo, winch would give to those possessions no independent
existence, a nationalitv ot winch they have always been do-
pnved. It is possible, also, that in the near fumie Mexico—
alas! for her internal convulsions—will become moie calm ;
she can then follow then example, and ail intimate al-
liance between the three kingdoms would sullicu to pi otcct
them against the aggressions of then poweiful neighbors.
This plan !•> said to be itresiMible, and Spam, the fn.-t who
has taken the iriifidiivt-:, would not hesitate a moment to
put ltm pi act ice. Peihap-stor hers*! fit is not to be legieued.
for she does not at present succeed m maintaining her do-
minion ovei Cuba by example, but has to aid it by a display
of force which renders that rich colony a buidensome charge
upon the mother country.
" There has been a question, likewise, but with more
foundation it appears, a> to a confederation between the di-
verge Slates of Cenlial America ; and it 1* also added that
the Piesident* of those five Republics ought to assemble 111
Congress at Guatemala, at the end of tins month, tor the
purpose of laying the bases of that union. Fiance boldly
encouiajres that combination, and will even name a dele-
gate to a&s^t at the conference."
Although the British press is more cautious
and less threatening; although sometimes we see
a sentiment thrown out in her prints that Ameri-
can expansion is no matter of concern to her,
yet the same hostile feeling pervades England as
well as France, to'the spread and. supremacy of
American institutions and Ameitcan policy on
the American continent.
Listen to the significant language of the London
Post, of 18th December last:
" The Monroe doctrine i*, we are told also, to be enforced
111 the negotiations which are in progress in Central Amer-
ica. The Monroe doctrine is practically a mere by word.
It gratifies the self love of the American people to tell them
that the power of the Republic is destined to reach, at no
distant day, from the St. Lawrence to the mainland of
South America. But Rave^the Towers of Europe no voice in
the matter? Can it be a matter of indifference to them that
the most important military and commercial position m the
world should fall under the exclusive control of the United
States? The true policy of Mr. Buchanan would be to
build up the weak States which occupy the Isthmus, to
place the neutrality of the loute under the guarantee of the
great commercial Powers of the world, and not to covet
territories which can only be more valuable to the United
States than to other countries, just as they afford facilities
for the extension of the desolating curse of slavery."
Here, sir, the great fact is let out that European
Powers are to have a voicc and assert their su-
premacy in these matters. And that we are to
have no facilities affoided us for the extension of
the "desolating curse of slavery."
Sir, the self-same policy quickened by the ar-
dent desire to put down in America slavery and
slave labor, which impelled the alliance of Eng-
land and France against Russia, stimulates them
to an alliance against us. The Crimean war was
a war to pull down Russian ascendency and su-
premacy in Russian seas and upon Russian bor-
ders. English and French combinations now
openly conspire to put down American suprem-
acy and ascendency, and to assert their own, on
American seas and upon the American continent.
Sir, how are we to understand these bold and
threatening interferences on the part of these for-
eign Powers? Is Napoleon to give direction to
the conduct of affairs on the American continent ?
Are we to sit idly by when it is boldly proclaimed
by French authority that the strong arm of foreign
Power is ready and prepared to rear out of Cuba,
Central America, and Mexico, a great monarchical
empire ? Sir, if these things be so, then perish for-
ever the boasted Monroe doctrine. Away with the
pitiful provision of Clayton and Bulwer even, that
neither Great Britain nor America should exercise
control over or colonize any portion of Central
America. Sir, does it take any great political seer
to discover that foreign intervention is building
about us walls, as I said in the outset of my re-
marks, which would shadow our destiny; that
their foundations are being laid.
I stand here to-day to lift my voice, feeble though
it be, in vindication of the rights of American free-
men upon the great highways of commerce. I
stand here, by my voice and by my vote, ready to
strike down such barriers as interpose in the bright
pathway of American piospority and advance-
ment. 1 am battling as best 1 can for what I re-
gard as the dearest interests of our common coun-
tty. I may err; but if I do, 1 am consoled wiih
the proud inflection that 1 am erring on the side
of my country, in behalf of a great American sen-
timent—on the side of southern lights, southern
inteiests, and southern honor.
Sir, the same arguments that are now urged
against American progress, have been urged
against the acquisition of every foot of territory
this Government lias ever acquired—territory, i
every squaie acre of which is as priceless to us [,
now as the proud sovereignty of independent il
States. But, thanks to the wisdom of Demo- ■
cralic policy, tins gi cat Govei nm< nr of ours, over ;
every opposition, at home or abroad, on the land 1
or on the sea, ha-> «one on piosntning and to i
prosper, as I tinst in God it will continue to do '
until the American standard will float fiomthe j
battlements of Cuba, and Amei lean civilization
and enlightenment illumine the daik places of
the American continent: until, in the fulness of',
time, we shall have filled the measure of our
grand, our ultimate destiny; that destiny written ■!
by Deity himself concerning the great future of ,
the nations of the earth. tj
GOVERNMENT OF THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. Chairman, from the - 
discussion of the last few days, it is apparent that
the political parties are preparing for the conflict '
of I860. The gentlemen on the other side of the ;
House, who doubtless speak authoritatively for j!
the real unalloyed Democracy, (I mean the Ad- ;i
ministration Democracy,) have presented us an tj
issue for that campaign—the subjugation of Mex- j
ico, Central America, and the acquisition of the j.
Island of Cuba. This proposition is entitled to ■
great tneiir for its modesty. i:
It is true that the question of the acquisition of ]j
territory has always been a popular one, and, in li
my judgment, will be when it is a mere question
of just and honorable acquisition. But it is no
matter of dark destiny, as has been often said; it
is but the result of one of the traits of character
of the American people.
There is not a farmer or planter in the country
but desires to possess his neighbor's farm; not a
manufacturer who does not desire to increase the
number of his spindles; nor a ship-owner who is
not anxious to multiply his tonnage; nor is there
a commetai&l man who does not propose to ex-
tend his business relations. This is a leading
trait in the American character., Why should we
not expect, th<y, that it should "become a trait of
character in the policy of the Government, and a
popular political issue ? Then it is not blind des-
tiny, but the natural inclination of the mind of
the great mass of the people. But, sir, the peo-
ple will not accomplish their object by other than
just and honorable means; they will not rob Mex-
ico, nor steal Central America; Cuba cannot be
bought, and gentlemen well know it. Conquer it
we will not, while it is ^dependency of Spain; but
should the time come, and I believe it will, when
Spain cannot retain it, and it should be about to
fall into the hands of other Powers, then, sir, we
will reach out our hands and pluck the ripened
fruit; but until that occurs, it is worse than use-
less to talk about its acquisition.
Mr. JENKINS. I want to ask the gentleman
from Illinois a civil question. I want to know
whether, when the fruit is plucked in the manner
he describes, he will vote to admit Cuba into the
Union as a slave State?
Mr. KELLOGG. When that question ar-
rives, it will afford me great pleasure to answer
the gentleman. I say to him now, and to his
friends, that I propose, by all constitutional,
legal, and honorable means, to prevent the ex-
tension of slavery to the TerritoHes.
Mr. JENKINS. I want to know whether the
gentleman declines to answer my question now?
If he does, I want it to go on the record.
Mr. KELLOGG. The question was, whether
I would vote for the admission of Cuba as a slave
State? I would use every effort in my power to
ptocuic its admission as a free State; but if its
acquisition under the circumstances I have men-
tioned were dependent upon its admission or
non-admission, I would not hesitate to admit it
even as a slave State. But every honorable effort
should be made to secure its becoming a free
State, on its introduction into the Union. That,
I think, is sufficiently clear and explicit.
Mr. JENKINS. I will trouble the gentleman
with one further question.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well; I will listen to
the gem lemon.
Mr. JENKINS. The gentleman admits that
a case .might arise under which he would vote for
the admission of a slave State. 1 want to know
whether, in saying so, he speaks for the Repub-
lican party *
Mr. KELLOGG. I am happy that the gen-
tleman hns asked me that question. 1 am one of
that class of men and Representatives who deny
ihe right of any man under God's sun to speak for
me 01 foi the Republican patty I speak a^ the
Representative of thcfouith congressional dis-
tnct of the Stale of Illinois.
The gentlemnn from Kentucky [Mr. M\r-
siiall] as^uits us that the honoiable gentlemen
irom Ohio and Maine are issuing peremptory or-
ders to the Republicans with the air of command-
ers. Sir, if they at" mustering the Republican
forces, he is eeramly 'ilar«lia lin* the battalions
of A mericamsm, and that, sir, in a tone and man-
ner that indicatr s that he expects to be obeyed.
II detlaus no union can be effected betweon
these parues. I was not aware that any effort
had be. n made; I did not know that any one was
authorized to treat on that subject. If gentlemen
have been looking m that direction, let me advise
them to go to tim'people and ask their consent to
the arrangement.
Sir, we" lmd quite enough of trading last win-
ter.• Night after night, during the last session,
self-styled political leaders and eastern journal-
ists were treating, trading, and chaffering over
the Republican vote of Illinois; and on this floor,
the gentleman from Massachusetts advised and
appealed to our voters to rally around the i«ad-
ers of our opponents. And when the struggle
came, and our prairies were lighted up by the
