1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
grows pale at the thought of exposure and the de-
mand for reformation.
But, sir, these waitings will be unavailing; their
too-soon discovered alarm'will make the people
more eager to kno w the extent of the wrongs that
have been committed through the agency of the
increasing patronage of the Federal Government.
Mr. Chairman, I propose to read an extract from
the Washington Union of December 22,1858, the
day after I proposed to the House the introduc-
tion of the resolution before mentioned:
" Absolute Popular Government in the Territo-
ries.—a resolution has been offered in the House of Rep-
resentatives, proposing the enactment of a law referring the
appointment of Governors, judges, and other territorial of-
ficers to the people of the Terntories at the polls. This is
the ne plus ultra of the theory of squatter sovereignty.
Blackstone lay§it down that every wise law is the resultof
the experience of mankind in practical life, and is founded
upon tome good and sufficient reason; and that it follows
as a sound principle of legal construction and judicial in-
terpretation, that when the reason of such a law ceases,
then the law itself should become defunct, the maxim being,
cessanle ratione, cessat et ipsa lex. ft cannot be urged in
excuse for such a law as is now proposed, that any evils
have resulted from the present mode of appointing the chief
officers of the Territories, winch demand an abandonment
of it; or that the mode of appointment now proposed would
correct such evils as do prevail, and would not itself be at-
tended with like or greater evils.
"We cannot imagine a single evil that the proposed mode
of appointing territorial officers would avoid, or a single
practical advantage that it would accomplish. It lacks the
most essential ingredient of every wise law—that of being
founded upon sound practical reason. It is the suggestion
of nier« theory, regardless of experience and reckless of
practical consequences. It is the proposition not of states-
manship, but of mere idealism; unless, indeed, it be the
cunning artifice of demagogism. It is the quintescence of
Fiench Red-Republicanism, not proposed to be intioduced
into the Governmentof stable and firmly-planted gocietyin
old States, where it would be comparatively innocuous;
but into new, infant, immature, unstable, and rickety com-
munities, where conservatism exists in no form, and where
the sustaining hand of Federal conservatism, stretched out
to steady, strengthen, and to save, comes as a godsend."
It is here boldly declared that the patronage of
the Executive has been judiciously bestowed, and
no evils have resulted from it which could have
been remedied by the people in the manner now
proposed. Sir, has the past of the Territory
of Kansas faded from the remembrance of the
Government organ? Does it suppose that the
people of thin nation have forgotten that Gover-
nor Recdcr was abandoned bythe President, be-
cause he, like a true man, resisted frauds and out-
rages upon the ballot-box and the right of free suf-
frage that were a disgrace to any people on earth?
ana that he was deprived of power, and a suc-
cessor appointed to do the bidding of the oppres-
sor ? Here was an instance among many, where
the exercise of Executive patronage was false to
the best interest of those who should have been
protected and sustained by the power and influ-
ence of a territorial Executive. But no sooner
did he manifest a disposition to sustain the peo-
ple in their legitimate rights, than his place was
filled by another; and thus the wrongs against
which he struggled were sanctioned, and received
the countenance of that power which then held
in its hands the destinies of the country. Could
this have been done had the people of that Ter-
ritory elected their own Governor, and he not sub-
ject to removal by the President, buMlrmly fixed
m the gubernatorial office and sustained by those
who elected him ?
But, sir, is the case of Governor Geary also for-
gotten; a case more palpable than the former?
When the Toombs bill, so-called,that had met the
approval of the Democratic members of the Sen-
ate after its modification by the Committee on
Terntories, m 1856, by striking out the clause re-
quiring a submission of the constitution that might
be formed by virtue of its provisions to the peo-
ple, for their approval or rejection, had failed to
secure a favorable consideration in the House of
Representatives, though the entire Democratic
party were in favor of it, the same principle was
embodied in a bill proposed in the Kansas Legis-
lature providing for the well-known Lecompton
convention. In that bill, like its progenitor, the
Toombs bill of the Senate, there was no provis-
ion requinng the constitution, when formed, to
be submitted to a vote of the people. And it was
well known that, like its parent, it was designed
to produce a constitution that, whatever might be
its provisions, was to be enforced upon the peo-
ple without their assent or the expression of their
opinion; which intention of the friends of the
Toombs bill is clearlydemonstrated by the decla-
rations of the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
•who introduced it. The following is his language.
(See Congressional Globe oflast session, Appen-
dix, page 127:)
" The principles on which that measure was based were
these: first, that all the legal voters of the Territory should
have a fair opportunity, free from force or fraud, to elect a
convention, and to make a constitution; and then that
they should come into the Union under that constitution,
without referring either the constitution to the people, or
the question of admission again to Congress.'*
Governor Geary, well knowing the wishes and
sentiments of the people of Kansas, whose Gover-
nor he was, and being well advised that a most
gross fraud and outrage was designed to be per-
petrated by the action of the convention to be
called, vetoed the bill, mainly and almost entirely
for the reason that it did not require a submission
of the constitution to be formed to a flirect vote of
the people for confirmation or rejection of those
whose constitution it was to be. And yetforthis
firm adherence to the rights and most reasonable
requirements of nine tenths of the inhabitants of
Kansas, he, too, was for that act compelled to
relinquish the office of Governor, having thereby
incurred the displeasure and the frowns of power.
Why, sir, did the Executive of this great na-
tion of self-governing people interfere with its
unrestrained and relentless removing and ap-
pointing power to thwart and override the known
and acknowledged will of the people ? Why sim-
ply, sir, to make that free people subservient to
the dictation of the then dominant political party,
which was binding all its energies to aid in the
extension of the institution of slavery ov<y a coun-
try whose people abhorred its moral, social, and
political effects. And, sir, arc these not evils that
should be corrected, and are these not reasons that
should demand the reform proposed?
Nor does the record of unparalleled Executive
outrage stop here. When the Lecompton consti-
tution had been formed, Governor Walker met
the full force of Executive displeasure, and was
compelled to retire from his official position like his
predecessors; not because lie warred upon the elect-
ive franchise; not because the people demanded
his removal; but, sir, because he pledged his word
that the people should have an opportunity to
vote for or against that aggregation of frauds and
vile political heresies, the Lecompton constitu-
tion.
Stanton, the acting Governor of Kansas for a
season, having called the Legislature together in
order that, through its action, the people might
have an opportunity, by a direct vote, to make a
record of their will relative to that*eonstitution,
was consigned to the new-made grave of those,
within the removing power of the President, who
dared to assume that the people of a Territory
had a right to make and pass upon their own con-
stitution, preparatory to becoming a State.
To propose to remedy this system of aggres-
sion upon the rights of every freeman, and an
insult to the common sense and common honesty
of mankind, by placing the territorial officers
within the keeping of the people whose interests
are to be effected, and whose rights are to be
guarded, by them, is, in the opinion of the Pres-
ident, expressed through his orgaft, " the sugges-
tion of mere theory regardless of experience, and
reckless of practical consequences;" and, from
the same Executive, through the same organ, his
utter abhorrence of the voting power is declared
in the following language:
" We seem always to forget that our system of popular
government is an experiment; one that has been often tried
in the eventful history of mankind, under eircumstanres
fully as favoiable and promising as those which surround
us but winch has always tailed until now. We are but
tluee quarters of a century old in government—a very t-mali
portion of the infancy of a nation—and we already have
concluded that our success is complete. Nay, m the pride
of our overweening confidence, we aie presumptuously ap-
{ plying the most severe tests to our institution-!; tests which,
but foi their extraordinary vigor, would already have shat-
tered them to pieces. We cannot imagine a more seveie
tnal to popular institutions than the enactment of laws
which do not spring from the exigencies of practical, out-
door life, are not called for by any expeuenced evil, and
promise no practical advantage ; but are the mere sugges-
tions of abstract theory, the deduction? of a ciazy idealism
working itself into a frenzy of philanthropic innovation, m
the closet. This sort of legislation was pursued in France
for a few memorable years, and ended in a catastrophe
which will astonish and appal mankind to the end of time."
Sir, it is here said that a severe test is to be
applied to popular institutions by adopting the
" idealist^" of extending the voting franchise in
the Territories, and that this kind of legislation
was pursued in France, and ended m a catastrophe
which astonished and willappa! mankind until the
end of time.
Sir, the elective franchise has ever been the'ba-
sis of free popular institutions; and its extension
to American citizens, wherever they maybe found,
in State or Territory, will be the safeguard of lib*
erty, and the assurance of constitutional rights.
Sir, it is the test of republican and popular insti-
tutions, and that by which their permanency and
stability are secured.
It is that element in a Government at the men-
tion of which tyrants tremble, and corrupt execu-
tives grow pale: it is that which restricts the ap-
pointing power, and prevents the means of the
accomplishment of evil and corrupt practices.
Why, then, should not the present'Administration
fear and tremble at the suggestion of this n^ode of
reformation ?
It is said this kind of legislation was tried in
France, and produced most appalling results. I
admit this kind of legislative policy has appalled
some portion of mankind before this. It appalled
the minions of King George, and the Tories of the
Revolution; it has ever appalled, and ever will
appall, the opponents of popular institutions and
true republican government, and it appalls the
friends of centralization of power. Sir, it is op-
posed to the sentimentpromulgated in the Toombs
bill, which contemplated setting on foot a State
constitution in Kansas without reference to the
will or wishes of the people, as clearly enunciated
in the speech of Senator Toombs that I have re-
ferred to and read. «
But, Mr. Chairman, this doctrine of the Union
is not new; it is the doctrine of the Democratic
party, as shown by the extract above referred to,,
and again fully declared by Senator Bigler dur-
ing the last session of Congress, in the discussion
upon the bill to admit Kansas as a State into the
Union. Referring to the subject of a popular
vote, he says:
"I do not pretend to know anything on this subject which
njay not appear in the Journal of Debates. I shall not hold
the Senator to anything that does not appear there; but
this I will say, that 1 was present when that subject was
discussed by Senators before the bill was introduced, and
the question was raised and discussed whether the consti-
tution, when formed, should be submitted to a vote of the
people. It was held by those most intelligent on the sub-
ject, that in view of all the difficulties surrounding that
Territory, the danger of any experiment at that time of a
popular vote, it would be better that there should be no
such provision in the Toombs bill; and it was my under-
standing, in all the intercourse I had, that that convention
would make a constitution and send it here without sub-
mitting it to the popularvote."
Here, sir, was a caucus, a meeting of senato-
rial chiefs of Democracy, solemnly declaring, as
party leaders, that the dangerous experiment of
a popular vote was not to be tolerated, that the
people were not to be trusted. And thus it is ever
with power, jealous of its prerogatives, and prat-
ing of the danger of experiments when liberal po-
litical doctrines are proposed. Sir, I am glad the
issue is made; I am glad that the robe that has so
long concealed the real purposes of the Adminis-
tration is at last thrown boldly aside, and the doc-
trine clearly proclaimed that the extension of the
voting power is an " idealism," a dangerous ex-
periment, that should at once be put down by the
Democratic power of the nation. This, sir, makes
the issue plain; this marks the line between the
friends of popular institutions and sycophants of
power so plain that no one has a right to be mis-
taken. The guise that is worn is no longer de-
ceptive. The doctrine of " popular sovereignty,"
couched in unmeaning generalities, that foisted
into power the present Chief Magistrate of the
nation, is now thrown by as an over-worn gar-
ment, or as an oft-told tale not worthy to be re-
peated; and now that it is proposed to disrobe it
of its deceptive powers, and to give it distinctive-
ness of character, and make it the real helper of
popular institutions and popular rights, it stinks
in the nostrils of Democracy, and is denounced
as a dangerous innovation upon republican insti-
tutions.
Mr. Chairman, these are some of the evils I
would correct; this is the doctrine I would see
adopted in our territorial policy, not only because
it is just and right to the people of the Territories,
and one of the vital elements of our free institu-
tions which has been fully tested in the States,
and by the very men to whom it is now proposed
to extend it in their new homes, an4 who have
lost nothing of their fidelity to the institutions of
the country by their emigration, but because it
