m$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar-ch 3.
United States, resulting, from his power of removal and ap-
pointment to office, and to tbat end to inquire and report
ttr6 numbeV of'offices, or places of trust and profit, under
the control of the President, (exclusive of those of the Army
and N&vy,} g,nd including such as are under the control of
)ieads of Departments, subordinate, or inferior offices> with
jthe amount paid to those who are appointed to such offices
by the President or otherwise ; And, further, To inquire
whether, -if any, and in what cases, such power and patron-
age have been exerted, or attempted to be exerted, or exer-
cised, to influence the legislation of Congre&s, or to direct,
controller-influence the votes or conduct of officeholders
or.others, in the elections of States and-Territories: And,
further, To inquire whether any, and what sums of money
toave been paid, or required to be'paid, by persons holding
offices of-trust or protit, as their contributions in wjppoct of
elections: And,/ur*/ter, To inquiry into the extent of the
power find patronage of the President of the United States,
resulting from the expenditure of the public money by, or
through, tiie heads of Departments, subordinate and inferior
office^and others, excluding those whose salaries, or wages,
are fixed by law. and including wage^, fees, and compcur
feation of all kinds, not fixed by law, paid to officers of Gov-
ernment for services, or gratuities, or as paiticipators in con-
tracts and jobs*resulting from, or pertaining to, their official
station, or (jtherwise; and also, the allowances made to con-
tractors of ail kinds for supplies or services, without aijd
above their contracts or engagements, to agents employed
in purchasing-or selling lands or sites, for, or belonging to
the Government, to agents or persons who have been em-
ployed to purchase vessels for the United States, to furnish
engines, ordnance, or military stores, and transportation for
the Army or Navy of tiie United Siat'es, and to report by
feill or otherwise.'
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
. A message from the House of Representatives
:by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to-the first, second, third, and
fourth amendments of the Senate, to the bill (H.
R. No. 888) making appropriations for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the Yancton and Tona-
•wanda Indians, for the year ending June 30,1860,
and had disagreed to the fifth amendment of the
Senate.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the reconsideration
of the order of the Senate directing the printing
of five thousand extra copies of the Coast Sur-
,vey report. I made a motion some days ago to
reconsider the vote of the Senate upon that ques-
tion, and I now move to take it up.
The motion to take up the motion to reconsider
was agreed to.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I shall not at this hour
discuss the question. I thought it was unneces-
sary to publish so large an addition as five thou-
sand extra copies of the Coast Survey report, it
not being a hook of general use. I will ask that
the question be put without discussing it.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not know that five thou-
sand copies are two much or too little, but I un-
derstand from very good authority, that the Su-
perintendent of the Coast Survey is anxious to
have five thousand copies printed, for the ysc of
the-Coast Survey Office itself. They have been in
 the habit of distributing these books. They are
not intended, I understand, for the use of Sena-
tors, but the five thousand extra copies are in-
tended for the use of the Coast Survey Office. I
think we had better not reconsider the matter, but
let the resolution stand, and let the Coast Survey
have their books.
Mr. FITCH. 1 hope this question will be taken
even without a division. I will merely remark
that this is perhaps less than half the number
which has been usually printed hitherto.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate,
by a former vote, ordered five thousand extra
copies of the report of the Coast Survey to be
printed. The Senator from Illinois has moved to
reconsider that vote. The question is on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I will state that, by the
report of the Superintendent of Public Printing,
the expense of the publication will be about
twenty thousand dollars.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
ENOCH 11. TALCOTT.
Mr. KING. I move to take up House bill No.
77. It is a -bill to refund to the collector of the
port of Oswego about four hundred dollars,
which was stolen from him, and is similar to the
bill which was passed a short time ago for the
collector at Richmond. It is a bill for the relief
of Enoch B. Talcott, late collector of the customs
at Oswego, New York.
Mr. IVERSON. That case was reported by
the Committee on Claimsj and it is nearly sim-
ilar, in all its particulars, to the one which has
already been passed.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to the
bill," or to taking it up at a proper time; but there
is a public bill of more importance upon which I
desire to secure the action of the Senate.
Mr. KING and Mr. IVERSON. This will
only take a moment.
Mr. BAYARD. I have been endeavoring to
get the floor all the evening, and have not been
able to do it, so as to take up the bill to which I
allude—one which is important and will amount
to something when passed.
The motion of Mr. King was agreed to; and
the bill (H. R. No. 77) for the relief of Enoch B.
Talcott, late collector of customs at Oswego, New
York, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment to Enoch
B. Talcott of $452 97, lost by him by the rob-
bery of the Oswego custom-house, on the 9th of
December, 1857, whilst he was collector of cus-
toms for that district.
Mr. IVERSON. Thecustom-house was broken
open and robbed, and the testimony shows that
there could have been no possible collusion be-
tween the collectorand the robber. Theamount
involved is only $450.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it is always hazardous
to make allowances.to public officers who have
the custody of public money, on the ground that
money has been stolen from them. The cases
should be extraordinary, and should be very well
maintained. Although it may bo shown that the
public officer is honest, and that there is no prob-
ability of his having stolen the money himself, it
is necessary that he should show still more that
he iias usea due care, and that it was impossible
for him to prevent the loss of the money.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state an additional fact,
which will satisfy even the Senator from Missis-
sippi. This custom-house is one furnished by
the Government, and there was an iron safe, up
stairs of the custom-house, in which the money
was kept. During the night, robbers opened the
back door of the custom-house by, in some man-
ner, lifting the iron bar which was across it, and
wont up stairs and with powder blew the safe to
pieces and took the money, this $450. Of course,
there could have been no collusion.
Mr. DAVIS. It is not necessary to prove col-
lusion.
Mr. IVERSON. There was every possible
care taken.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PROTECTION OF PUBLIC TIMBER.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the bill (H. R.
No. 88G) to protect timber growing upon lands of
the United States reserved for military and other
purposes, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides that if any person or persons shall
unlawfully cut, or aid, assist, or be employed in
unlawfully cutting, or shall wantonly destroy, or
procure to be wantonly destroyed, any timber
standing, growing, or l>eing, upon any lands of
the United States, which, in pursuance of any
law passed, or hereafter to be passed, have been,
or shall be, reserved or purchased by the United
States for military or other purposes, such per-
son or persons so offending, on conviction there-
of before a court having competent jurisdiction,
shall, for every such offense, pay a fine not ex-
ceeding §500, and be imprisoned not exceeding
twelve months.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to take up bill
(H. R. No. 888) making appropriations for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with the Yancton and
Tonawanda Indians for the year ending June 30,
1860, which we have amended. The House of
Representatives have sent the bill back, agreeing
to the first four amendments of the Senate, but
disagreeing to the fifth amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask for the reading of
the fifth amendment, that we may see what it is.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
I " And be'it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
j be^ and he h hereby, authoiized and required to advertise
[ for pioposals and contract with the lowest responsible bid-
) der or bidders for the transportation of the United States
mails in steamships from Charleston, South Carolina, by
Savannah, Georgia,and Key West, Florida, to Havana, in
Cuba, and back, twice a month, or'oftener, from July 1,1859,
to June 30, 1860, inclusive, at a sum not to exceed $50,000
per annum."
Mr. HUNTER. I move that we recede from
that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
ANGELINA C. BOWMAN.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the House bill (No. 847) for
the relief of Angelina C. Bowman, widow of
Francis L. Bowman, late captain ^United States
Army, have instructed me to report it back with
an amendment, and to ask for its consideration
now. The two Senators from Pennsylvania press
it upon me as being a case of very great hardship,
and ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to have the name of Mrs. Angelina C. Bow-
man, widow of the late Captain Francis L. Bow-
man, placed upon the pension roll, at the usua}
hal f pay allowed to widows of officers of the same
rank as Captain Bowman held at the time of hid
death; the pension to commence from the 5th of
September, 1856, and to continue during the
widowhood and natural life of Angelina C. Bow-
man.
The amendment of the committee was to strike
out the words " theoth day of September, 1856,"
and insert" the 15th day of January, 1859."
Mr. FOSTER. The reason of the amendment
is, that the proof necessary to satisfy the com-
mittee was not furnished until the day named in
the amendment. The House bill proposes to pay
the widow from the time of the de&th of her hus-
band. We could not recognize "that as the Cor-
rect principle, but provided that the pension
should commence from the date of the proof.
That is the amendment which we propose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time; and it was read the third time,-and passed,
SCHOOL LANDS IN INDIANA.
Mr. FITCH. I move to take up House bill
(No. 489) for the relief of congressional township
No. 27 north, of range No. (> east, in Wabash
county, in the State of Indiana; and for the ex-
planation of it, if any is required, I refer the Sen-
ate to the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. STUART. It is all right.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to allow the auditor of Wabash
county to make entry, in his own official name,
of five hundred and thirty-seven and ninety-one
hundredths acres, in legal subdivisions, of any
lands of the United States on any part of the pub-
lic domain subject to private entry, at the mini-
mum price of $1 25 per acre; the entry, when
made, to be for the benefit of the inhabitants of
congressional township No. 27 north, of range
No. G east, in the county of Wabash, State of
Indiana, and to stand in lieu of a deficit of that
quantity i« the amount of school lands belonging
to the township, and to be held and controlled in
the same manner.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PETITION.
*Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of officers of
the Army, praying that bands of music may be
maintained at military posts; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 550) making appropri-
ations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c.,
and providing for the erection and establishment
of the same, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. No. 88) in re-
lation to the second section of the act of Congress
entitled "An act to provide for the location of eer-
