THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1859.
I(i4.
tain confirmed private land claims in the State of
Missouri, and for other purposes."
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
and joint resolution; and they were signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 364) for the relief of Mary
B. Dusenbury;
A bill (H. R. No. 780) for the relief of James
Collier; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 34) amendatory
of an entitled " An act to regulate the compensa-
tion of members of Congress," approved August
16, 1850, so far as lelates to such members as
shall die during their terms of service.
MILITARY COMMITTEE CLERK.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to take up the resolution
•presented by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
1 vers on.] relative to the compensation of the
clerk to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia. The resolution is on the table.
Thg motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Rcssh'ed, That tlie anmml compensation of the clerk to
tile Committee on Mihtaiy Allan's and the Militia shall here-
alter be ftio sunte as that ot the clork to the Committee on
Finance.
I will state that the clerk of this
Thore is no
Mr. DAVIS.
committee 
Spvrrai Senator*?. Let it pass.
opposition.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. TOOMBS. Iam opposed to the resolu-
tion. The clerk to the Committee on Finance has
a very extraordinary and improper compensation.
He is one of the permanent clerks of the body;
and the object of this resolution is to make the
clerk to the Mihtaiy Committee permanent, too,
at the same salary. It comes in the form of giv-
ing him the same as the clerk of another com-
mittee. I believe we have but two committees m
the Senate the cierks of which are permanent.
Mr. IVERSON. Three.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know of no reason why the
clerk of the Military Committee should be per-
manent more than any other clerk here; m fact,
there is less reason for it. In my judgment, there
is no necessity for a clerk to a single committee
of this body. I saw the work as well done in the
other House when there were no committee clerks.
For a number of years, I served on some of the
largest committtees there, and we got along very
well without a clerk; and most of the committees
there now have none. The idea of our employ-
ing a man three months in the year, and paying
him $1,800, or $2,000, it seems to me, cannot find
a single justification except m the mere personal
preference of gentlemen who want to give places
to particular persons. Was this resolution intro-
duced to-day? If so, I shall object to it.
Mr. DAVIS. The resolution was introduced,
I believe, at the last session of Congress. The
Senator is quite out of date. If he had stopped
with the statement of his negative information, I
should have admitted that he might be correct;
but, when he passed to positive information, I
must tell him that he is quite wrong. There is
necessity for this clerk; tnerc is a great deal of
labor for him to perform; and, instead of charging
Congress with additional expense, where investi-
gations have been referred to the committee, the
clerk has been required to take all the testimony
and keep the record. We passed a very large
appropriation, during the session, to pay for
expenses incurred m conducting investigations
which committees elsewhere have been ordered
to make. The Military Committee has been or-
dered to make two rather extended investigations;
and by the labors of the clerk, and of the mem-
bers of the committee, the investigations have
been conducted without any remuneration being
asked There is a great deal of work to be per-
formed during the recess, as well as during the
session.
104
As to the importance of the committee, I leave
that for others to judge. As for the labors of the
clerk, I know them to be very great. It is a sub-
ject on which members do not generally inform
themselves, and the consequence is that members
of the Senate, not merely of the committee, but
others, go to a committee to hunt up information
in relation to the character of legislation, in which
they take so little interest that they are rarely in-
formed. The labor the clerk performs is not con-
fined to the committee; still less is it confined to
any service rendered to the chairman.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would ask the Senator what
the clerk is going to do from now until the 1st of
December, but draw his salary?
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose he might have some-
thing else to do in the preparation of matter for
the next Congress, and in those arrangements
which belong to all the matters left for inquiry,
and taking care of the papers of the committee.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am not acquainted wiili the
Military Committee, but I have been upon four or
five different committees during my service in the
Senate; and for a number of years, I served on the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives, from which all the appropria-
tion bills come, and we had no clerk at all. The
whole business was done by the members of the
committee. I do not believe in the idea of clerks
doing tlie business of members, and hunting up
information. I suppose ail the knowledge and
all the industry necessary to discharge committee
duties are, or ought to be, furnished by the rep-
resentatives of the Slates and the people. I kno%v
that I have been in Congress fourteen years, and
I have never found any necessity for a clerk to do
the work with which 1 have been charged as a
member of a committee. I never had the labor
of one of them for two hours.
We settled this question two or three years
ago, on great deliberation. There was ail offer
to make several of these cleiks permanent; but it
did not succeed. We made the clerks to the
Committee on Claims permanent, on the idea that
the labor was continuing; but I think it was a
wrong idea. We gave a permanent clerk to the
Committee on Finance 
Mr. IVERSON. Allow me to interrupt my
colleague. The clerk to the Committee on Claims
is as well occupied duting the recess as any clerk
in any Department m this city. He has to bring
up an analytical and alphabetical list of all the
private leports that have been made by every
committee in both Houses, so as to place it be-
fore the Senate; a very important matter
Mr. TOOMBS. I am quite aware of his duties.
These dockets aie made out from time to time,
and I have read them over, and I suppose they
can be done by any man of tolerable ability.
Down in Georgia a clerk of a court would bring
up such a docket in a very short time for only
$600 a year
Mr. IVERSON. He has to search the records
of every committee-room in both Houses. It is
a work of great labor.
Mr. TOOMRS. We not onlykeep gentlemen
at the head of Departments, but we have a great
many bureaus to give us information. We get
our information, or much tin- largest, from the
Government, that we maintain at a very great ex-
pense. As to the benefit which can be got from
a committee clerk, I do not think it is worth my
spectacles. I hope it will not be done.
Mr. P1TZPATRICK. I trust my friend from
Georgia will not interpose any serious objection
to tins resolution. I mn a member of the Com-
mitter on Military Affairs, and I know it is an
important committee, and has a great deal of
business The gentleman might suppose that the
clerk would not"have a great ileal to do from now
to the commencement of the next Congress; but
it is a very important position, and it is necessary
for the committee to derive a great deal of inform-
ation fiom the Departments. The Senator from
Georgia must be aware that there is a great deal
of business before that committee requiring inves-
tigation, and the cierk can be very profitably em-
ployed during the recess., The Committee an
Printing, and one or t\yo other committees, haye
permanent clerks. I am inclined to think that
there is as much necessity foVa.clerk to thjs com-
mittee, as to any committeeof which I have bee i
a member. There is business before. it which
requires an examination into circumstances that
occurred long ago. In some cases, it is necessary
to go back to the foundation of, the Government.
This requires a great deal of labor and investiga-
tion. The gentleman whom we have as a clerk
now, I know to be a very competent one, and,
perhaps, more intimately acquainted than any
one else with everything pertaining to the War
Department. I think him essential to the com-
mittee. 1 trust the Senate will agree to put him
on the same footing as the permanent clerks of
other committees, especially as it is desired by
the Military Committee and its chairman.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not want to prolong the
debate; but, having been chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, I must say that I know
there is a great deal of labor to be performed b.y
the clerk of that committee in the recess. I know
that the gentleman who is now clerk of that com-
mittee found the military laws in confusion, and
during the recess he arranged them and compiled
them, and has aided very much in facilitating the
business of the committee, and has afforded in-
formation to Senators generally that they hardly
seem themselves to be sensible of. I know that
while I was chairman of the committee, although
it is true thathe was not employed during the re-
cess at a salary, a great portionof that labor which
enabled him to collect the military laws was per-
formed in the vacation. He found them scattered
about, a section here and a section there 
Mr. TOOMBS. Are they not all printed in a
book?
Mr. SHIELDS. This very gentleman has col-
lected them, and arranged them. I think he is
entitled to compensation for his extraordinary la-
bor. He has had a great deal of labor to perform
this session, and he has collected a great deal of
information for the committee.
Mr. IVERSON. I have served upon the Com-
mute on Military Affairs, and know something
of the duties of the clerk. 1 am.free to admitthat
I do not think the labors of that clerk during the
recess can be anything like as great as those of
the clerk of the Committee on Claims, or the
Committee on Finance, or the Committee on
Printing. The clerk to the Committee on Print-
ing has to be presentin the committee-room every
day, to receive reports from the Superintendent of
Priming. The clerk of the Military Committee
is obliged to perform some duty during the recess;
but not to a very great extent. His labors are
very onerous during the session of Congress.
That I can testify to; but 1 think $1,200 a year
would probably be sufficient compensation for lus
labors. I move to amend this resolution—and this
will, perhaps, satisfy all parties—so as to make
him a permanent clerk, at a salary of g 1,200 a
year.
Mr. TOOMBS. Is this a joint resolution?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to it.
Mr. IVERSON. The money is to be paid out
of the contingent fund.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 object to our paying salaries
in this way. 1 think theie is an express law
against it.
Mr. DAVIS. He is an officer of the Senate.
It docs not require a joint resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is said the
Committee on Military Affairs concur in the pro-
priety of this resolution. I am a member of that
committee, and I will say that I do not believe
there is a more capable man to be found anywhere
than the one who at present attends to that com-
mittee; and I am very certain that the many amia-
! ble qualities that gentlemen possesses would se-
■ cuie for him the confidence and kind wishes of
| every member of the committee, and I entertain
no other feelings tov/aids him. 1 believe, how-
j ever, that he will really have but very little to do
