1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1651
purser of the sloop-of-war Portsmonth, in the
settlement of his accounts, the amount properly-
payable to a purser of a sloop-of-war, for his ser-
vices as acting purser as aforesaid, during the
period he acted as purser, deducting therefrom
the amount paid to him, for the same period, as
commander's clerk.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
STEWART M'GOWAN.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, there
is an old soldier now lying upon his back in sick-
ness and poverty in old Kentucky, by the name
of Stewart MeGowan, for whom I presented a
petition and a bill for a pension a short time ago.
MeGowan was in the campaign in which occurred
the battle of the river Raisin. He was at the bat-
tle of the Thames. Not satisfied with that, he
set off on his own hook, as he says, and went to
the battle of New Orleans. He served throughout
the war with all his activity 'and courage. He
broke himself utterly down in the exposures and
perils of the war. He is now living upon the
charity of friends, who are very illy able to extend
him this assistance. He is an old soldier in utter
poverty. He is one of those embraced in the gen-
eral bill for the relief of the soldiers of the war of
1812. Except when he fought upon his own hook,
he was a captain. This bill proposes to give him
a small pension for the small remnant of his life
that remains. If he cannot, at this hour of the
session, obtain a pension, and it is probable the
bill cannot pass the other House, I want him to
have the consolation of knowing that the only
branch oftlie Legislature of his country whocould
hear his case decided in his favor. 1 move you,
sir, that the bill bo now taken up and put upon
its passage.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the Sen-
ator have the bill referred to any committee in the
Senate ?
Mr. KING. It was referred to the Committee
on Pensions, and it was considered by them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And has been reported
back, I was told.
Mr. KING. I suppose so, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
reports that he can find no such bill upon the
Calendar.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. . It is the bill for the re-
lief of Stewart MeGowan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
cannot find it.
JOHN PERRY.
Mr. TR.UMISULL. While the Secretary is
looking for that bill, 1 ask the Senate to take up
the bill (H. JR.. No. 531) for the relief of John
Perry, of Illinois. It is a bill that has passed the
House. It is to give a pension to a soldier who
became blind in the service.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of John Perry, of Illinois, on the list of
invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, commencing on the 15th of February,
1858, and to continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WAITING FOR BUSINESS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is it ill order
now to move to take up the Private Calendar, and
to act on the bills in the order in which they stand
oil the Calendar?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to make that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I make that
motion, and I desire to say a word or two upon
it. It is evident, from the number of these bills
that have been considered, that instead of taking
up exceptional cases, it is rather the rule that we
should proceed with them. I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate to a fact which I think they
are aware of, that, if we can accept assurances
most solemnly given, none of these bills will be
signed, so that it is merely a loss of time to be
passing them. As a great many, if not all, Sen-
ators believe this to be the case, any kind of a
bill, under almost any circumstances, is permit-
ted to be passed. No man in this body can know
better than the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis,] I imagine, that, whenever you pass a
bill through both branches, and it fails simply for
want of Executive sanction, it will be quoted here-
after in this body, and Senators will not resistit,
whether right or not. The object of getting bills
brought up now, and passed at this time, is sim-
ply to get that pull on the next Congress. It is
not with any expectation that these bills will be
passed at all. The consequence is, they are not
considered with reference to their merits, and,
though not considered with reference to their
merits, hereafter, when wecorne to consider them,
it will be said that the Senate passed them unan-
imously, or without the slightest resistance being
made to them, wh£n, in fact, the justice and mer-
its of the cases had nothing whatever to do with
their passage.
Under these circumstances, 1 think we oughtat
once to go on with the Private Calendar and pass
them all, or else arrest this course of making ex-
ceptions. Those gentleman who are most indus-
trious for taking up exceptional cases, of course
will get them forward in that attitude, without
reference to the merits of the cases themselves.
With the feeling which has been prevailing here
for some time, I believe I could make a personal
appeal on any case on the Calendar, and the Sen-
ate would agree to vote it without any furtherex-
amination at all, although they might not concur
with it in principle in any respect whatever. At
the present time they would pass bills which, at
any other period during the session, could not
have been passed at all. I do not think we are
doing right, and I hope we shall not proceed fur-
ther m this way. I shall object to the passage of
any more of these bills. If 1 had any hope that
Senatois would get their bills signed after they
were passed, 1 would not do so; butundoubtedly,
it cannot be denied that the whole Senate is off its
guard, because they believe these bills will not be
signed and will not become laws. It is simply
embarrassing ourselves, or rather those who will
come after us, with pledges given by this Con-
gress, that the claim, whatever it may be, is right,
and ought to be passed, when, in fact, the bills
are passed now without being looked into, be-
cause the Senate is off its guard. As far as I am
concerned, under the circumstances, believing that
the bills cannot become laws, I shall feel bound to
interpose an objection, if possible.
Mr. CLAY. I concur heartily in all that has
been said by the Senator from Arkansas; and I
proved that by voting againstevery bill, I believe,
almost solitary and alone, that has passed, of the
character he mentions. I will suggest, however,
perhaps the Senate would wake up to the business
of legislation by taking up a bill which provides for
all who are now sought to be provided for by par-
ticular legislation in each sepai ate case, and that
is the bill, entitled " An act granting pensions to
the soldiers of the war with Great Britain, of 1812,
and those engaged ill the Indian wars." I was
very anxious to get a vote of the Senate upon that
bill, and I propose that it be taken up now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Arkansas withdraw bis motion ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of private bills in the order in
which they stand on the Calendar.
Mr. SEWARD. I suggest, while we are wait-
ing for the action of the House of Representatives,
and to relieve ourselves of the necessity of con-
stant watchfulness here, the propriety of a recess
for ten minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. And with
power on the part of the Chair to call us together
at any moment.
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly. We will all be
here. It will relieve us of the necessity of watch-
1,1 The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
by the Senator from New York that the Senate
take a recess for ten minutes. si-
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish simply
to suggest that, to exhaust time, and prevent
Senators from being on the watch, 1 will intro-
duce a resolution which I think will be perfectly
satisfactory to every Senator. Just let us debate
that, and do nothing else. I think it would come
in very well at the close of this Congress. It ia
a very short resolution, and will furnish us val-
uable information by the sitting of the next Con-
gress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New York withdraw his motion i
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Is there any question
now before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] to take up the Private
Calendar; and the Senator from Tennessee asks
the unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
a resolution, which will be read for information.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is a very-
short one.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am willing
to hear the resolution read, for information, and
then I will see whether I will withdraw my mo-
tion.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, requested to cause the heads of the va-
rious Executive Departments to submit estimates for the
expenses of the Government for the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
upon a basis not exceeding $50,000,000 annually, exclusive
of tiie public debt, and the interest thereon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there unan-
imous consent to consider the resolution at this
time ?
Mr. IVERSON. I am against that resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it can-
not be considered; and the question is on the mo-
tion of the Senator from New York to take a re-
cess for ten minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move a
suspension of all prior orders for the purpose of
introducing the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator that it cannot be considered
at this time without unanimous consent, and a
single objection will carry it over. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New York.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
fifteen minutes past three o'clock,a. m.) the Sen-
ate took a recess for ten minutes.
The Senate was called to order when the ten
minutes had constructively expired—some twenty-
minutes.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to take a recess for
ten minutes longer. By that time I suppose we
shall have a message from the House.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I see no use in our remain-
ing here. I think we might as well take a recess
until nine o'clock, and then there will be three
hours in which to do all the business. It is evi-
dent that it will be some hours before we can get
any bills from the House of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand they are voting
on the miscellaneous bill, and it would not be safe
to adjourn if they are, until we appoint a comniit-
tee of conference. Then the Senate can adjourn,
leaving the committee to work in the mean time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think we shall have a
chance to appoint the committee at nine o'clpck.
Mr. HUNTER. There would not be time for
the committee to act between nine and twelve
o'clock.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not think they will get
a chance to act much before twelve anyhow.
Mr. HOUSTON. My opinion is, that if we
leave the Senate Chamber we shall not meetagain.
Members are exhausted, and have been for sev-
eral nights; and if they once retire to repose, they
will not wake up again.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we had better not
agree to the suggestion of the Senator from Illi-
nois.
The VICE PR.ESIDENT. It is moved that
the Senate take a recess for ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
seven minutes to four o'clock, a. m.) the Senate
took a recess for ten minutes.
The Senate reassembled at the appointed time,
and the Vice President took the chair.
STEWART M'GOWAN.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know whether
you were in the chair, sir, or not at the moment
when I made a motion to call up the bill for the
relief of Stewart MeGowan. It was discovered
then that the bill had not been reported from the
Committee on Pensions. I recollect distinctly
drawing the bill myself.
