1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
just and oppressive to the South. In other
words, that the Democratic party has always
come boldly up to the maintenance of southern
rights and southern honor. True, in almost
every contest in which the equality of the south-
ern States with their northern sisters has been
brought in question, a small portion of the north-
ern Democracy have hung fire, and, in some few
instances, taken shelter in the camp of the enemy
—but still the records of the country testify that
the great body of it has been firm and true to the
integrity of the Constitution, while the Oppo-
sition, I care not by what name they are desig-
nated, are the unyielding enemies of our consti-
tutional rights and equality. I allude to the
northern wing of the Opposition; the southern
wing of the late Whig party was largely in the
minority, and though it had the good of the
country in view, yet it was so weak and power-
less it fell an easy victim to the corruptions of its
more powerful northern allies. And though for
some time they presented the strange anomaly of
acting together, yet the two parts were vitally re-
pugnant to each other—the lesser was borne
along by the greater body through the prejudice
and influence of tlje party name and party ma-
chinery, until southern Whigs could go no fur-
ther, without dishonoring their seetion and de-
grading themsplves. In that long list are found
the names of some of the purest patriots—the
wisest statesmen—and the most exalted intellects
■of the land.
The same is true of the American party, which
is only another form of opposition to the Democ-
racy, with this difference—that there is a wing of
it 111 the South which boldly proclaims its pur-
pose to affiliate and unite with the Black Repub-
lican party in the overthrow of the Democratic
party, and are no doubt daily laying their plans,
and making their treaties of amity and union.
But I will treat of this hereafter.
What has been the effect of Democratic policy
upon the history of this Republic, whether com-
mercially, politically, or socially? How have the
rights of the South fared under Democratic Ad-
ministrations? And what has been the policy of
the Opposition in reference to the same great in-
terests ?
It has always been a cardinal principle of the
Democratic party to oppose all monopolies and
class legislation; not only because they are
wrong in principle, but because they invariably
operated unequally upon the people. For this
service the South should be peculiarly grateful,
as the disci immation is always against that sec-
tion. What southern statesman does not know
that the North has always had the advantage of
the South in the laws and treaties regulating the
commeice of the United States with foreign na-
tions? What natural law of commerce, or in
other words, what rule of justice compels south-
ern merchants to buy ships of northern ship-
builders, instead of purchasing in the cheapest
market, although it be a foreign one > What natu-
ral law of commerce compels our cotton to go by
New York before it can be shipped for Liverpool,
submitting to the most onerous coasting freights,
when it would be nearer its port of destination at
Chaileston or Savannah, if it did not have to take
that circuitous route? Why do our northern mer-
chants and northern ports, reap almost the entire
benefit from the tonnage of the United States ?
The House will remember how the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. BcrlingameJ was ex-
ercised a few days since for fear that this monop-
oly, which, by our navigation laws, is secured
to New England merchants, would be restricted.
The gentleman admitted that " ships could be j
built thirty per cent, cheaper in-the Butish Prov- j
mces than in the United States, and hccontcnded j
that every interest demanded protection in this ;
respect; for, if the building of ships stopped, the j
tonnage of the country would sink, and it was a j
law that when the tonnage of the country fell, ;
freights went up." Here is a monopoly of thirty ;
per cent, that the South and West have to pay to
New England commerce by way of protection. i
Just think of it, the southern and western people,
under the operation of our navigation laws, are '
denied the privilege of buying or employing for-
eign bottoms, but are forced to pay tribute to ,
New England cupidity. It is the worst form of
protection. No wonder that southern commerce
languishes under such odious discriminations ! :
No wonder that New England's rock-bound coast
has become an Arcadia, when southern labor and
capital are forced by law to be expended in en-
1 idling and adorning it.
Millions have been paid our northern seamen
in the shape of Government bounty for catching
codfish. Money actually taken out of the pockets
of all the people, and especially the South, to pay
a certain class of men to catch fish and sell them
to us. I am glad to find that a Democratic Senate
has passed a bill repealing the law, and I trust
that the House will concur in that judgment, in
wiping from the statute-book an act that imposes
an un just tax upon the southern people, for which
they do not receive even the cold thanks of the
beneficiaries, but rather their curses. The par-
tiality in Federal legislation for the North, is
evinced again, in the immense sums of money that
are lavished upon northern rivers and harbors;
it is seen again in the large and munificent land
grants that have been voted by Congress upon
northern railroads; it is seen in the dispropor-
tionately large number of custom-houses, court-
houses, and other public buildings—the North has
nearly three, while the South has one; and half of
them exist only on the statute-book, having no
"local habitation." At the origin of the Govern-
ment, the South had two ports that surpassed
New York as commercial marts, but by a regular
system of favoritism, New York has been made
the great commercial emporium of this country.
Look at the immense outlays of public money in
erecting her public buildings—the untold millions
spent Hponherharbor and shipping—her immense
army of officeholders who must necessarily live
upon the Federal Treasury—the princely and ex-
travagant donations made in establishing her ocean
mail lines—all tending to make that city the great
heart of the trade and commerce of this country,
not only with foreign nations, but even among the
States, one with another.
If Tennessee would purchase a State bond of
Georgia, the first step is to ascertain its value in
New York. Why do nearly all of our European
importations first land at this great center, thence
to radiate all over the nation ? Have we not skill-
ful navigators and experienced merchants ?. Look
to the statute-book, and you will find the true
cause in your laws upon commerce and naviga-
tion. The same is true of all your splendid schemes
of internal improvement. The North has got
nearly the lion's share.
But, sir, I ask to be indulged just here, in call-
ing yotlfattention to another marked and striking
instance of the inequality of Federal legislation
in favor of the North; the more grievous and
burdensome on account of its univeisahty, affect-
ing every branch of industiial pursuit for the
benefit of one—the manufacturing. I allude to the
effect of a protective tariff upon the people at
large, and upon the South especially. Does any
sane man, no matter of what latitude,-at this late
day, deny that every kind of a tariff is a lax?
Does anybody deny that this tax is collected from
the hard earnings of the great mass of the people
under the specious name of revenue, by which
the favored few are protected and enriched, who
need no protection ? And will any one deny that
any soit of a tariff affording incidental protection,
does not operate unequally and oppressively upon
the South and West, the producing sections, for
the benefit of the North and Hast? If he does, [
would advise him to go back to the political primer
and learn anew political economy. Of course, the
higher the tariff, the more burdensome to the
people of the South, who pay largely over their
share of the duty. Of all the~ Machiavelian
schemes to pamper the lordly aristociats of the
North and East, at the expense of their toiling
millions who are not operatives, and to grind to
dust the interests of the South and West, I must
say it is to bo found in tho operations of a pro-
tective tariff. But I do not mention this subject
with the view of entering into an argument upon
its details, further than to show its injustice to
the South, and for the additional purpose of re-
minding the country that the Democratic party
has always opposed this, and all kindred ineas-
ities of class legislation, such as bankrupt laws,
United States Rinks, &c.,&c., as subversive of
that principle of equality, without which libeny
is impel feet.
Rut I have said that the South pays largely over
its proportionate share of the revenues collectcd
by duties upon imparts. Where is tjie proof? In
the first place, the South has only about ttyo thirds
the population of the North; or, in other words,
the North has fifty per cent, more population tjian
the South. The North has eighteen millions,
while the South has only twelve millions, include
ing slaves.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury
shows that the United States, in 1857, exported,
in round numbers, "$279,000,000, excluding gold
and foreign merchandise, reexported. Of thig
amount, the sum of $158,000,000 was the clear
product of the Soyth—articles that can only be
raised in the South. We have $80,000,000 worth
of exports, the productions of the forest, provis-
ions, &c. Suppose that one third of them are
of southern products: there is. for the South
$185,000,000, while the North has only about
§95,000,000 of exports." The total amountofim-
ports for the same period is $333,000,000, which
is more than half paid for by southern exports.
When we take into consideration the excess of
population in the North, and the excess (nearly
one hundred percent.) of exports from the South,
and that the North has grown rich off of tha
South, in being the factor ofthe South—exchang-
ing its products for foreign importations, we must
conclude that the fault lies in our system of im-
posts, and that it operates most unequally upon
the South—making its people the tax-payers, and
those'.of the North the tax-gatherers.
According to population, the South should pay
sixty-six cents to one dollar for the North—
whereas, as our exports pay for our impoits, the
South pays as 185 to 95, nearly one hundred per
cent. Add the excess of northern population, and
we have for the^South to pay in the ratio of 218
to 95 for the North. It is a safe calculation to
say, that the South pays two thirds of the reve-
nue that supports this Government, while more
than three fourths of it is expended upon the
North. Is there justice or uniformity in this?
The Constitution says that " all duties, imposts,
and excises, shall be uniform throughout the
United States." As before observed, the North
has managed to become the factor of the South,
and, in exchanging its products for foreign im-
portations, heavy reductions are made upon them
by way of commissions, &c., when the foreign
importation in turn, under the operation of tha
tariff, is made to pay a heavy duty upon its arri-
ved at the custom-house, when it is bought by
the merchant, and from linn by the southern
planter; or, to express it differently, is returned
to the planter, with still another per cent. Thus
it is, that southern labor and capital, under the
operation of Federal legislation, are made to con-
tribute largely over their share to the mainte-
nance of the Government; and, at the same time,
enrich the commercial men and manufacturers
of the North, exacting tithes where none are due,
to fill the coffers of a bloated aristocracy. And
yet a crusade is preached from the hustings and
the pulpit, in almost every town and hamlet in
the North, against the slave labor of the South,
not knowing, ill the frenzy of their fanaticism,
that they arc smiting the hand that feeds them.
Notwithstanding the liberal policy of the Dem-
ocratic party towards each State and section of
this Confederacy, applying as it well could the
principle of equal and exact justice to all, it has,
nevertheless, in its attempts to do justice to the
southern States, been met at ev'ery step with the
most relentless and determined opposition by a
party m the North, which, whatever other prin-
ciples it may hava entertained, and by whatever
oilier name it may have been recognized, is
deeply imbued with the sentiment of anti-slavery.
It has resisted the commercial progress arid the
territorial expansion of the South from the origin
of the Government.
The liberalmind'would have supposed that this
bitter enmity should have been spared the South,
having been the principal actor in I he Revolution
—having baptized its fields with the best blood
of its sons, and consecrated them to the genius of
American liberty; and having consented to ordam
a Constitution and enter a Union of confederated
States, each sovereign and independent over its
own internal affairs, consisting of both free and
slave. But so bold and reckless has abolitionism
become, after having warred upon slavery in
every possible form, having almost completed its
serpentine woikof encircling the South, tt boldly
