570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
rears its hydra-bead, and with its hissing tongue
tells the South that it intends to storm its very
citadel. Seward, the great representative man of
northern abolitionism, proclaims upon the floor of
the Senate that the battle has been fought and won,
and that henceforth the southern States will hold
the relation of conquered provinces to our north-
ern sister States, or neighbors; that the slave
States must be abolitionized, and that our to-
bacco, cotton, rice, and sugar-fields must be
tilled exclusively by free labor. What, emanci-
pate our slaves? Of course, turn them loose
among us. I will not contemplate so horrid and
revolting a picture; and yet such are the designs
of abolitionism.
Twenty years hence, or sooner, there will be
the constitutional number of free States required
to amend the Federal Constitution, when the
solid bulwarks of the Supreme Court are to be un-
dermined and reconstructed upon an abolition
basis, and the institutions of the South will be at
the fanatical mereyr of abolitionism. This view
proceeds upon the idea that no more slave States
are to be admitted—abolitionism swears it; the
heavens may fall, but another slave State will
never be admitted into this Union, if abolition-
ism can prevent it. Has not the door of the Union
been slammed in the very face of the slave consti-
tution of Kansas—and, strnn^e to say, southern
men rejoice at it? The original twelve slave States,
with a magnanimity that challenges our admira-
tion, did not insist upon uniformity of laws and
institutions, but were content that Massachusetts
should regulate her own internal affairs to suit
herself. To have acted otherwise would have
been false to their high character, and to the gal-
lant heroes who fell upon the memorable field of
Bunker Hill, and to the brave spirits who met the
advanced guard of the British army upon the
plains of Lexington and Concord. And yet this
great high-pnest has spoken at Rochester, and
the oi-acle is caught up throughout all Abolition-
dom,that slave labor and free labor are incom-
patible in this Confederacy of States, and that
the Democratic party, being the " natural ally of
slavery, titus! be overcome." Sir, who of the many
reckless, defeated, and disappointed politicians of
the South are ready to assist in breaking down
this Democratic purty, that Seward says is the
natural ally of slavery, and thus enable these Free-
Soil traitors to tear down the temples of the South,
and desecrate her altars with their unhallowed ;
hands? But, for tear 1 may do the distinguished
Senator from New York injustice, I quote from
his speech, made at Rochester, some time in the
autumn of 1858. He is represented, in his own
party newspapers, in speaking of tile collision be-
ween the system of fiee labor in the Noitli and
slave labor m the South, to have said:
<■ Sli.ill I tell j-oii wli.it tin* collision menus? They wlio
tlmi'c that if !«• iK'i'idcu.iI, uuncees-,ary, (he woiic ot' inter- !
o-u>d or (anatieal aj ifator>, .mil therwoio ephemeial. nils- I
take the ea?-o alrngeiher. It is an mejnesMfrle lonjhet he- 1
t '-rcn opposing and endin in* fjucs, and it means l/iat the'
United States mti^t <iud sooner or Inter, become either '
entirely aslarchjldin" ii'ition. oj entirely a free tahorvalmi,
Bitlior ihe cotton and rice field* of South Caiolnui, and Hie j
Min,u plantation* o. Loui.--i.uia, will uUiinatet} be tilled l>> ;
free laboi, ,ux! Ch.u le-toii and New (Ji leans become mart- !
for h'gninvdic meien indi- e alone, or el.-e the and 1
u heal fi. K1 • ot' Massanhu-rtt* and New York nui-t a^ain ;
be surremlrirtl b\ tiuir farmer-to -lave culture and to ilio ■
•production <>(' Muvet-, and IJor-ton and New Vork become ;
oikc mm!1 uiaiki'ts tor trade in tlie bodies. aiui *ouls of men. '
It 1- the uiluie to appiehend tins uieat iruih that induces
m> manv un-ucee-^tul attempts at linal coinpioini.se be-
tween the -lave and tree .Stales, and it is Uie eu-iencc of
tin-, great faci that lendeis ail such pretended coinpi onuses i
when mad-', v.un and ophetuoial.*' i
In order to break down the Democratic party ;
at the North, abolition orators describe it before i
the people as a party identified with the slave \
power, and that the ulterior object is to plant sla- I
veiy m the free States. Such was the idea in Mr. I
Seward's speech. The Senator has been greatly i
imposed upon as to the future aims of the south- j
em people. No such desire exists in any slave |;
State. Nor do I understand it to be the mission !
of the Democratic party to go about planting sla- !|
very, or preventing its being: planted by the peo- !!
pie wherever a majo ity of them may desire to ;
do bo. i understand it, however, to be the true ,
principle of that party, to interpose no restric-1
uuns upon the rights of the people of a State, |
upon that Nuojoet, one way or the other. Nor i
does tin; D> mocranc party deny the right of the !
people oi a Territory, when they come to ordain I
a State constitution, to exercise complete sover-
eignty over that and all other domestic ques-
tions.
Slave labor and free labor are opposing forces,
says Mr. Seward. Let us look at this question
for a moment. Republicans say that slavery sits
like a vampire upon the energies of the South,
and retards her progress. They do not believe it
when they say it; for opposition to slavery with
them has become a trade—a profession; they get
office by it; as was well said a short time since
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Jenkjns,]
" they get their bread by it." The northern
masses are made to believe that slavery is the Pan-
dora's box of all their ills. New England opera-
tives will yet learn that without cotton they are
without bread. If the South withhold her cotton
from New England manufactures, public senti-
ment may be revolutionized. Without cotton, the
product of slave labor, the manufacturing thou-
sands of the North, the lords of the loom, would be
utterly prostrated in business.
I will not speak of the social condition of the
laboring classes m the North—it is deplorable
enough; buti will speak of the society and insti-
tutions of the South, where this much-abused
system of slave labor is established. Where will
you go'to find society more refined and at the
same time more simple and republican ? All white
men in the South are upon the same platform of
social and political equality—the only distinctions
recognized are those of merit, intellect, and an
honest name—the highest honor is in the grasp of
the poorest man. The tendency of slave labor is
to elevate the poor man m a social point of view.
White men in the South do not perform menial
service.
Mr. KELLOGG. I understand the gentleman
to say that this cry of anti-slavery is a political
trade in the North. I ask him if it is not that by
which gentlemen in the South get office also?
Mr. ATKINS. If there are any such gentle-
men in the South I do not know any of them.
They do not live in my region of country, I can
assure the gentleman. Can the gentleman say
as much for his region?
Mr. KELLOGG. Oh, yes, truly I can.
Mr. ATKINS. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Kellogg] has just referred to the non-
slaveholders of the South, and, if I understood
him correctly, has advanced the idea that they
constitute an element of opposition to slavery.
Sir, he does not know them; they would spurn
all intimations of the gentleman of theft- want
of devotion and loyalty to southern rights and
southern institutions. No slaveholder would de-
fend the honor and equality of the South and the
institution of slavery itself, if menaced, sooner
than would that portion of our southern citizens.
They are true and patriotic, and thoroughly im-
bued with a sense of southern equality.
Had I the time, I would be glad to discuss, at
some length, the i elative nature of labor and cap-
ital in the South and in the North. They operate
adversely in the North, while in the South they
are identified. In the North it is the interest of
capitalists that the price of labor should below—
the lower the price the greater amount of it can
be had for a given stun of money, in the North,
capital is not permanently invested in labor, but
only for a limited space of time—while in the
South capital seeks a permanent investment, and
in a word, a man's capital thus invested is labor.
Hence, it is to the interest of a man owning
slaves, that the price of labor should be high, be-
cause that makes the price of his products cor-
respondingly high; hence they are identified. So
with his non-slaveholding neighbor; his capital
consists m his labor, and it is to his interest, of
course, that labor should command remunerative
prices. But I might refer to some statistics which
place this view of the subject beyond doubt; they
amount to demonstration; suffice it the difference
m the wages of neatly ail the mechanical trades-
men ranges from twenty-five to fifty per cent,
higher m the South than they do in the North,
which establishes the fact that slave labor is an
auxiliary to free labor.
It does not necessarily imply that all free labor
is white labor, for, according to this theory, the
labor of free negroes is free labor. Hence, Sew-
ard, and be it remembered he is the Great Mogul
of lus party, would have our negroes freed and
placed upon the same basis with our white citi-
zens. Just in this connection I desire to refer to
the speech of the able and distinguished Republi-
can member from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] de- -
livered in the House on the 10th instant. You
remember, sir, how boldly he proclaimed the ten-
ets of the Black Republican creed, and in what
unmeasured terms he denounced the44 slave-struck
Democracy," as he called them. In a word, the
whole drift and scope of the gentleman's argument
was to prove that all men, whether white or black,
are equal. He quotes these celebrated words from
the Declaration of Independence, that have ren-
dered the name of Jefferson immortal:
" We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men aro
created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with
certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights,
governments are instituted among men, deriving their just
poweis from the consent ot the governed."
Can any man suppose that Jefferson had refer-
ence to negroes, when he was the owner of a large
number at the time that he penned the sentiment,
and died holding them in slavery ? To suppose
that he did, is to maintain an absurdity.
He then denounces the Lecompton constitution
because it recognizes " the right of property in a ,
slave." In his indignation, he pays his respects
to the application of Oregon, free Oregon, for ad-
mission as a State into the Union, simply because
its constitution, does not recognize free negroes,
who are citizens of other States, the " right to
maintain suits at law." He desires them to be
recognized as citizens, of course.
Speaking of the demands of the Democratic
party, he quotes from the President's message
the following:
"The Supreme Corntof the United States lias decided
that all American citizens have an equal right to take into
< the Territories whatever is held as property under the laws
of any ot the States, and to hold such property there under
' the guardianship ot the federal Constitution, so long as the
[ territorial condition shall remain. This is now a well-es-
tablished position.''
The gentleman then says:
" It requires the acceptance of this(position' by the Dem-
ocratic party as one not to be denied, or even brought in
question. It insists that the inhuman and impious declara-
tion of tlie slaveholdmg judges of the Supi erne Court of the
United States, that those who bear 'God's image cut in
ebony' have 4no rights which white men are bound to re-
spect,'and may be treated as outlaws and hunted as wolves,
shall be received as a sacred and indubitable verity.
" It demands the admission of Oregon into the Union as
a State, with a constitution which denies to colored per-
sons, although they may be citizens of sovereign States
under the Constitution thereof, the ris,kt to maintain suits
at law for the vindication of any light, or the icdress of auy
wrong.
" It counsels its allies of thp straight Whig school to re-
nounce all the cherished ideas and oft-repeated declaration
ot the Whig party, and, by unavoidable implication, to
stamp as weak or hypocuticid the great chieftains of that
: once powerful organization—Clay. Webster, and others,
whose names will stand conspicuous and eternal m the
, firmament of their country's history ; and, wallowing in the
! mire of an inconceivable degradation, as a northern Whig
: journal has recently assorted, that—
\ " - The declaration thai aif men are endowed with an in-
alienable right to libertv, and that this right is self evident,
is contradicted hy natural reason, by natural religion, and
by the sacred Scriptures, and leads not only to infidelity,
but also to anarchy and atheism.1 "
; The principle embodied in the above quotation
from the President's message, I take to be ortho-
• dox with all good Demociats, North and South.
, Slaves are property, and under the " guardian-
ship of the Federal Constitution" the owner can
hold them in the Territories with or without legis-
, lation, whether " friendly or unfriendly." The
; Supreme Court has substantially so decided.
I The gentleman styles the present Democratic
I organization as a slave oligarchy, as the sham
I Democracy, and most feelingly holds up the Black
Republican party as the true Democratic party.
Quite Democratic. So abstractly Democratic is
' he, that he can see no difference between a white
j man and a black African; at least such is his
| theory.
Sir, the doctrine of the political equality of the
I white man and the negro implies social equality-—
amalgamation. And this doctrine of equalizing
; labor—making it all free labor—in other words,
I abolishing slavery, are only different terms to ex-
: press the same idea of negro citizenship—equal-
i ity. Sir, do they want negro judges, jurors,
j legislators? If Maine, or any other State, chooses
! to degrade themselves by the adoption of any
such Black Republican ideas, let them do it; but
; I beg that they will not attempt to obtrude them
upon other communities.
The following sentiment, artfully woven into
