1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
the gentleman's speech, too plainly tells what his
entire party is eventually looking to. The gen-
tleman should endeavor to inform himself better
as to the purposes and aims of this " Lecompton
Democracy.'' He knows, or ought to know, be-
fore he asserts it, that neither the Democracy, nor
the entire southern people, expect to plant slavery
in a solitary free State of this Union, as before
observed. Knowing, as he must, that no such
propagandism is anticipated or intended by the
southern people, his language, " prepare for its
gradual removal," was intended to have a pecu-
liar significance.
The South is already aware that the day is re-
garded as not far distant when the North will
nave the requisite number of free States to amend
the Constitution and " prepare For its (slavery)
gradual removal." When that day comes, if it
comes in your day and mine, it will be one full of
retribution to you as well as calamity to us. The
South will not shrink from it.
But the gentleman pleads most eloquently that
his party shall not be disintegrated—that it shall
not lower its piratical flag—that it shall not re-
solve itselfinto ameredo-nothing Know-Nothing
Oppositition party to the Democracy. He seems
to have some fears that the Northern anti-Le-
compton Democrats and Americans will demand
terms of coalition that will dilute the savory prin-
ciples of Republicanism as he expounds them.
In speaking of those who may hereafter consti-
tute the Republican party,or its successor, should
it fail to come up to the demands of abolitionism,
he says:
" And I do not believe that it will be constituted hero-
after of those only who aro now within its ranks, but that
it will embrace, also, all Americans and anti-Leconipton
Democrats who did not mean to submit to the subjugation
of freedom, or the overthrow of our political institutions.
Upon these over-shadowing issues, there can be but two
opinions or parties, and those who are not with the slave-
holder' party must be wnh that of their opponents.
Again he says:
" And, sir, I venture to predict that within ten years from
this tunc, it will have the support of a large majority of the
people of the slave States."
How hopeful is this champion of the Repub-
lican party! His faith can remove mountains. |
He must feel that he has the nucleus of a party
there now. Will he be so kind as to tell us who
so treacherous to the South as to embrace Black
Republicanism? But he has great horror of the
South's extending her institutions into any other
Territories, and appeals to all, North and South,
who are opposed to this " slavery propaganda,"
to unite in'm'aking bitter and relentless war upon
the Democratic party, because, as he says, it fa-
vors southern expansion. Sir, if these things be
in " the green tree, what will they be in the dry?"
I am proud to acknowledge that, under the Dem-
ocratic principle of State rights and popular sover-
eignty, the South may grow and expand. Under
the benign influence of this party, with a genial
climate that rivals the sunny climes of Italy or
France, with a soil rich and productive as the fab-
ulous fertility of the Nile, and with a population
whose spirit and energy " could conquer a world,"
the South may yet achieve a still nobler destiny.
What would our power, as a nation, be to-day,
if it had not been for this principle of expansion,
so dear to the great Democratic heart?
When we come to glance at the map of our
territorial acquisitions, the injustice and inequal-
ity to which the South would have been sub-
jected, and from which it was partially saved by
the policy of the Democratic party, is startling.
In order to comprehend more fully the enormity
of northern selfishness, see the Old Dominion—
the mother of gieat ideas and great deeds, in the
prodigality of her munificence, and in the virgin
purity of her patriotism, with a magnanimity to
winch the history of the world furnishes 110 par-
allel, cede to the North the Northwest Territory,
an empire of itself, comprising the States of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and Wisconsin. For
this munificent donation—a free-will offering to
these people—they send to this Congress some
Representatives who affect to scorn what they
are pleased to denominate the slave oligarchy of
Virginia. Well may this venerated old mother
exclaim,
" How sharper than a serpent's tootil it is
To have a thankless «lnkl!"
And, yet, when the wise statesmanship and
forecast of jefferson seized upon the lucky mo-
ment to wrest the Louisiana purchase from the
grasp of Napoleon, this same northern party de-
nounced him as a propagandist and a usurper.
There was a splendid acquisition, the richest in
soil, the most splendid in production, the most
delightful in climate, and the most fruitful in re-
sources of any land beneath the sun; with the
noblest rivers, embracing the great Father of
Waters, upon whose bosom navies might proud-
ly float. Who so insane—who so struck with
judicial blindness as to regret the free navigation
of the Mississippi river, without which the South
must have ever been a blighted province, shorn of
her commerce ?
The advantages of that territory can scarcely
be computed. Every farmer who lives within the
great valley of that noble river, has cause to bless
the American progress of the Democratic party,
without which, that immense empire would have
been to-day a French colony. It was the Demo-
cratic party that gaveyoil Florida with its health-
giving breeze. And when the lone star of Texas,
corruscating with the glories of San Jacinto,
veered from the orbit of its nationality, and set-
tled amid the American galaxy, this same anti-
slavery party of the North, had their hearts not
quailed thorn, would have quenched it in blood,
and blotted it from the firmament of States. An-
nexation was opposed by the old Whig party in
the South; but only as a party move, which re-
sulted most disastrously to its prospects and fu-
ture. But the national Democracy inscribed the
honored name of Texas upon their banners, and
bore her triumphantly into the Union. Who,
now, butan Abolitionist, will gainsay the wisdom
of that policy? There she lies upon our south-
western border, like a huge giantess slumbering
in her strength, who, if the bloodhounds of fa-
naticism approach too nearly, will arouse to the
most determined and desperate resistance. We
can no more do without Texas, than the moon
can do without the luster of the stars that smile
in her face as
<! She walks in beauty like the night."
Where is the enlightened statesman who will
admit that the Mexican territorial acquisitions—
the crowning glory of that most successful and
brilliant administration of the model President, i
were inexpedient and unwise. Since the mines
of California and New Mexico have been opened
up to American enterprise and industry, every
department of human pursuit throughout our
whole country has been quickened, and the whole
commercial world strides along upon a more ex-
tended scale. California gold is silently produc-
ing revolutions in tlyj commercial and financial
world that contradicts all calculations of the po-
litical economist, and upsets the best-established !
theories of the wisest statesmen. Sceptics may
doubt and sneer, but they are confounded at the
amazing results it has produced in the progress
of human thought and action. Energies have
been aroused and latent efforts put forth which
had lain dormant throughout the long night of
ages past. In the whirl of prosperity and sudden
fortune which has broke upon us, men can
scarcely believe their senses. In a word—De-
mocracy has acquired every foot of territory that
has been added to the nation, and lias taken every
step in the march of American progress, while
the opposition parties have resisted and opposed
our expansion, preferring rather American re-
pression.
That mission is not yet fulfilled; the dim vista
I that separates the present from the future, but
hardly conceals fiom the view still grander and
nobler results.
The time may not have arrived when we oiujht
to acquire otl^ir territory, but it will come. Des-
tiny forces it upon us—whut is to be will be, and
human power cannot prevent it. You can no more
repress the energies of this people than you can
check the headlong cataract, or turn the course
of the mighty river. Cuba, rough diamond in the
Spanish crown, will some day dazzle the eye,
bright, polibhed, and sparkling in the diadem of
American States. English diplomacy, nor French
I bluster, can wrest from the American people this
! gem of the ocean wave, colored as it is, with the
blood of the lamented Crittenden. It is ours,
geographical!v, commeiciallv, naturally, and the
vei y sovereignly ot Anienca, sooner or later, re-
1 quires its annexation.
There is not an interest in this country that
would not be beneficially "affected by the acquisi-
tion of this island; but more especially would it
contribute to the interests of the people inhabiting
the valley of the Mississippi river. Every de-
scription of produce now raised in that fertile,
valley would be enhanced in value by finding a
market in Cuba; while the great staple of that
island, sugar, under American culture and by
free trade, would be supplied to us at greatly re-
duced rates. The people of the United Slates
would save, annually, millions in the simple arti-
cle of sugar. But the island becomes doubly
important to this country in view of our hundreds
of millions of commerce between the Atlantic and
Pacific shores that pass beneath the Spanish guns.
A people so near our own shores, and long
weighed down by the iron yoke of Spanish des-
potism, awed into submission to the most tyran-
nical laws by a hireling soldiery , it is not unnat-
ural that they should seek deliverance from a
Government which,instead of affording them pro-
tection, operates as an engine of oppression.
American prosperity and Cuban independence
alike suggest the necessity of early action.
European diplomacy is endeavoring to entan-
gle us with our southern neighbors, but Ameri-
can progress must cut the Gordian knot of Mex-
ican misrule, and Central American despotism,
and rebuke the unwarrantable intervention of the
English U,ueen and the French Emperor. These
countries must and will be Jlmericanized, in spite
of the intrigues of foreign despots, by the moral
power of our great example; if not, by the terri-
ble vengeance of the sword. To such an alterna-
tive we have to come; 1 would prefer not, but
sooner than see those transits closed by the arm-
aments of the Anglo-French alliance, to intercept
our commerce and our free passage to the Pacific
shores, and thus laugh to scorn our boasted Amer-
ican principle of the Monroe doctrine, I would
counsel and appeal to the arbitrament of the
sword, the last argument of nations. Sir, I am
not of that school of politicians that would re-
press the application of the great principle of lib-
erty and justice to classes or to States. I have
no fears that those eternal principles will become
diluted by expansion. I am not alarmed for fear
this country will break in two on account of its
great magnitude—that very magnitude presup-
poses remoteness of parts and diversity of inter-
ests, and those parts and interests will naturally
beget a jealousy towards the more central and
powerful that cannot fail to preserve in beautiful
proportion the entire whole. The isolated posi-
tion of California and Oregon, far off on the Pa-
cific shores, renders them ever watchful an3 jeal-
ous of the Atlantic States and those lying to the
North, and demonstrate to-day, by their sound
conservative national Democracy, their sympa-
thy for the weaker section of the Union, and the
rights of the States.
But to return in chronological order. When, in
1850, the South meekly asked an equal participa-
tion 111 the Mexican territorial acquisitions, pur-
chased by the common blood and treasure ot the
country, there was in the path of American pro-
gress, a monster more terrible tlmn European
guns—the infernal spirit -of anti-slavery, who
stood up in all his effrontery and opposed her just
and constitutional demand, and thrusted 111 her"
face Wilmot provisos. But the Democracy, with
true constitutional devotion, denounced all such
unjust discriminations against any poi turn of this
Confederacy,and pioclaimed the pi inciple of non-
intervention and popular sovereignty. It is true
that, to the genius and statesmanship of the illus-
trious sage of Ashland, moie than any other man,
is the honor of that triumph due; but, it must be
remembered, that he had then been set aside by
the Whig party for the availability of General
Taylor, and that the gieat Kentuckian was with-
out a party, and had to rely upon the willing sup-
port of the Democratic party.
And, again, in 1854, who but the Democratic
paity stood up for the same great principle in the
Kansas and Nebraska act ? The great body of
the Wiiigs in the South, who loved principle more
than they did party, gave the measure their heai ty
support. Again, when Kansas, with a legally-
made constitution, knocks at the door of the
Union and asks that she be allowed a seat in this
i great sisterhood of States, she is indignantly
iI refused by every Abolitionist and Blafck Repub-
